

--- Page 1 ---

GROUP PROFILE

li ™

SAFRAN

A AEROSPACE - DEFENCE: SECURITY

Safran employs 62,500 people worldwide. It is a leading international high-
technology group with three core businesses: Aerospace (Propulsion and
Equipment), Defence and Security. It is a leading player on markets in which the
technological and financial barriers to entry are high, with robust and profitable
service activities and long-lasting partnerships and customer relations built

on trust.
Revenue R&D spending Headcount Footprint
€13.6 billion €1.6 billion 62,558 58 countries

The Group differentiates itself from the competition through its technological expertise. Its
complementary businesses give it a genuine advantage, driving growth and enabling the
Group to withstand economic cycles. From both a technological and managerial point of
view, the Group's various businesses are highly integrated and complementary.

Safran has a strong positioning in Aerospace. Its installed fleet, especially the CFM56, offers
significant new vistas for value creation thanks to associated maintenance and overhaul
activities. Its engines and equipment are present in most current and future aircraft programs,
with the successful LEAP engine set to pick up where the CFM56 leaves off. The Group
is organized so as to offer comprehensive offerings to aircraft manufacturers and airlines,
including propulsion and landing systems. In Defence, the Group is renowned for its avionics
and optronics expertise, which contributes significantly to the competence of armed forces
around the world. In the Security segment, Safran's expertise lies in multi-biometric technology,
secure documents such as passports and identity cards, and the detection of dangerous and
illicit substances. The Group has boosted its position on this high-growth market through
targeted acquisitions.

Safran enjoys particularly sound fundamentals with front-ranking technical and commercial
positions, robust and profitable service activities, innovative research and development,
a healthy financial situation and strong operating cash flow, which allow it to leverage
opportunities for organic growth or acquisition-led development on all of its markets.

Firm in the belief that sustainably successful businesses are those able to manage the
present in complete harmony with their vision of the future, Safran is poised to meet all of the
challenges it encounters both today and going forward.

kK
Zz
Ww
=
>
O
2)
a
Zz
Oo
<<
jag
_
”
KH
1)
Ww
jag
N
a
oO
N

SS markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers —- AMF) on March 28, 2013 pursuant to article 212-13 of the
A &1 F AMF's General Regulations. It may only be used in connection with a financial transaction if it is accompanied
by a memorandum approved by the AMF. This document has been established by the issuer and is binding

upon its signatories.

| Auronire The French version of this Registration Document (document de référence) was filed with the French financial

This Registration Document contains the annual financial report in accordance with Article 222-3 of the AMF's
General Regulations. The cross-reference table referring to information required in an annual financial report is
provided in section 9.4.3.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [EMI


--- Page 2 ---

M ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES gasjustes data)

1) REVENUE (aDgusTED DATA)”

BREAKDOWN OF REVENUE BY BUSINESS

(in € millions)

13,560
11,736

2011-2012

Adjusted revenue climbed 15.5%, driven primarily by the
performance of the Aerospace (Propulsion and Equipment) and
Security businesses which generated growth of 16.1% and
23.8%, respectively. In 2012, revenue was also boosted by the
consolidation of new activities, particularly in the Security business.

RECURRING OPERATING INCOME
@) cadausten vata

| 10% _|
Defence ~ oR 5 Security

52%

‘Aerospace Propulsion

Safran is a leading international high-technology Group in
Aerospace. These activities — Propulsion and Equipment — generate
79% of its revenue.

PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
@) adausten vata

(in € millions)

1471
1,189

20112012

Adjusted recurring operating income represented 10.8% of
adjusted revenue, up 23.7% year on year. This improvement was
primarily driven by the Aerospace business, which benefited from
solid growth in original equipment deliveries and strong momentum
in the civil aftermarket.

(in € millions)

2011-2012

Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent rose 55% in
2012, representing €2.41 per share, up from €1.59 in 2011.

(1) The table reconciling the consolidated income statement and the adjusted consolidated income statement, including a description of the adjustments made, is presented

in section 2.1.1.

< 1] DIVIDEND

(in € per share)

0.96

0.25 031
interim dividend interim dividend
paid in 2011 paid in 2012

2011 2012

At the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of
May 28, 2013, the Board of Directors will recommend a dividend
of €0.96 per share, a 55% increase from the previous year. An
interim dividend (€0.31 per share) was paid in December 2012 and
the final dividend (€0.65 per share) will be paid in 2013.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

¢ 1] NET DEBT

(in € millions)

Dec. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2012

The Group was able to reduce its debt by increasing free cash
flow throughout the financial year. Debt remains low despite
strategic acquisitions in the Security and Defence segments for
approximately €200 million, and dividend payments of €283 million
(€154 million for the balance of the 2011 dividend and €129 million
for the 2012 interim dividend).


--- Page 3 ---

GROUP PROFILE
/ ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES /

1) REVENUE (CONSOLIDATED DATA) 1) HeADcoUNT As OF DECEMBER 31, 2012
(in € millions)
62,558
13,615 59,605
11,658
2011-2012 2011 2012

The Group's workforce grew by 2,800 (1,600 in France) compared
to end-2011, in response to business growth. R&D resources are
also being bolstered.

RECURRING OPERATING INCOME bal
a (CONSOLIDATED DATA) BREAKDOWN OF HEADCOUNT BY BUSINESS

(in € millions) 3%
Security r | Others

1,270

864 L11% |

Defence

Aerospace =

pe Aireraft Equipment
2011-2012

PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT a
a (CONSOLIDATED DATA) BREAKDOWN OF HEADCOUNT BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA

(in € millions) 61%
19% France 11%
‘aneticas Europe excluding France)
1,302 \ ce
Ge Oceaia
478 ‘ cro)

2011-2012

The Group's expansion continued apace both in France and
abroad. Outside France, the headcount comes to 24,600 across
57 countries.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [EMI


--- Page 4 ---

GROUP PROFILE
/ CORPORATE GOVERNANCE /

KEY FIGURES BY BUSINESS (adjusted data)

Revenue Recurring operating income Headcount

(in € millions) (in € millions)
Aerospace Propulsion 7,005 1,099 23,271
Aircraft Equipment 3,691 287 22,874
Defence 1,315 81 7,182
Security 1,546 145 7,727

m CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

At the Company's Annual General Meeting of April 21, 2011, anew corporate governance structure was adopted, replacing the Executive
Board and Supervisory Board with a Board of Directors.

MEMBERSHIP STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Since April 21, 2011, the Board of Directors of Safran has consisted of fifteen members, including four State representatives and two
employee-shareholder representatives.

Board membership is as follows:

. Jean-Paul Herteman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
. Francis Mer, Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors;

. Marc Aubry, Director representing employee shareholders;

. Giovanni Bisignani, Director (independent);

. Christophe Burg, Director representing the French State;

. Jean-Lou Chameau, Director (independent);

. Odile Desforges, Director (independent);

. Jean-Marc Forneri, Director (independent);

. Christian Halary, Director representing employee shareholders;
. Xavier Lagarde, Director;

. Michel Lucas, Director;

. Elisabeth Lulin, Director (independent);

. Astrid Milsan, Director representing the French State;

. Laure Reinhart, Director representing the French State;

. Michéle Rousseau, Director representing the French State.

BOARD ADVISOR

. Caroline Grégoire-Sainte Marie.

[ERZAI) sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 5 ---

GROUP PROFILE
/ CORPORATE GOVERNANCE /

BOARD COMMITTEES

In its meeting of April 21, 2011, the Board of Directors set up three permanent committees:

. an Audit and Risk Committee;

. an Appointments and Compensation Committee;

. a Strategy and Major Projects Committee.

Within their respective areas of expertise, each committee issues proposals, recommendations and opinions.

THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

Four members — Chairman: Jean-Marc Forneri

The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for examining the financial statements and addressing issues relating to the preparation and
auditing of accounting and financial information. It also verifies the Company's external audit.

THE APPOINTMENTS AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

Five members — Chairman: Michel Lucas

The Appointments and Compensation Committee assists the Board of Directors in its choice of members and corporate officers, and
makes recommendations and proposals concerning the compensation of corporate officers.

THE STRATEGY AND MAJOR PROJECTS COMMITTEE

Seven members — Chairman: Francis Mer

The Strategy and Major Projects Committee expresses its opinion on the Group's major strategic orientations, development policy and
major industrial product development projects or programs as presented to the Board of Directors by Executive Management.

It also examines proposals for strategic agreements and partnerships, acquisitions and all other transactions that impact Group structure.

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

On April 21, 2011, the Board of Directors opted to combine the positions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
and appointed Jean-Paul Herteman to take on these functions and the title of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. At the same meeting,
the Board of Directors appointed Francis Mer as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors.

Finally, the Board of Directors appointed as non-Director Deputy Chief Executive Officers:
. Dominique-Jean Chertier;

. Ross Mclnnes;

. Marc Ventre.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 6 ---

PRESENTATION
OF THE GROUP

11

12
13

14
15

16

17
18
19

OVERVIEW

1.1.1. History

1.1.2 Organization and position of the Issuer in the Group
1.1.3 Simplified organizational chart

1.1.4 Main Group companies, by business sector

GROUP STRATEGY
GROUP BUSINESSES

1.3.1 Aerospace Propulsion
1.3.2 Aircraft Equipment
1.3.3 Defence

1.3.4 Security

COMPETITIVE POSITION
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

1.5.1 Major technological focuses

1.5.2 Scientific and technical partnerships
1.5.3 Innovation and intellectual property
1.5.4 Research and development expenditure

INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENTS

1.6.1. Industrial policy
1.6.2 Main industrial investments

REAL ESTATE AND PRODUCTION PLANTS
SAFRAN GROUP PURCHASING STRATEGY

SAFRAN QUALITY PERFORMANCE AND
POLICY

1.10 SAFRAN+ PROGRESS INITIATIVE

39
40


--- Page 7 ---

LL
LLJ
~—
fad
faa)
=
am

2012 revenue (adjusted data)

€13,560 million

Recurring operating income,
2012 (adjusted data)

€1,471 million

2012 profit (attributable
to owners of the parent,
adjusted data)

€999 million
(€2.41 per share)

Total R&D expenditure
(including the portion funded
by customers)

€1.6 billion

Industrial investments

€419 million

Headcount as of
December 31, 2012

62,558 employees

THE GROUP'S POSITIONING

Safran is a leading international high-technology group with three core
businesses: Aerospace (Propulsion and Equipment), Defence and Security.
It is a prime player on all of its markets.

AEROSPACE

Through its rocket and aircraft propulsion systems, Safran covers the entire
life cycle of systems for the propulsion of planes, helicopters, missiles and
launch vehicles, in the civil, military and space markets, from design through
to production, marketing, maintenance and repair.

Through its aircraft equipment systems, Safran covers the full life cycle of
systems and equipment for civil and military aircraft and helicopters.

Group companies provide both original equipment and services to leading
global aircraft programs.

DEFENCE

Safran holds a front-line international position in optronics, avionics,
electronics and critical software for civil and defence markets.

SECURITY

Safran's Security business offers solutions for enhancing the safety and
security of transport systems, critical infrastructures and individuals. It
operates in the areas of biometric systems, secure documents (passports,
ID cards), and systems for detecting explosives and illicit substances.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Safran operates in a high-technology and high value-added arena. R&D is
therefore essential to Group strategy. The total R&D effort, close to 70% of
which is self-financed, amounted to €1.6 billion in 2012, representing almost
12% of revenue. This commitment reflects the importance given to preparing
for the future and developing new products and programs.

SAFRAN+

The Safran+ program targets continuous performance enhancements. It
stimulates initiative and innovation through intra-group synergies, the ultimate
aim being ever-higher customer satisfaction.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [IGA


--- Page 8 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
/ OVERVIEW /

OVERVIEW

1.1.1 HISTORY

Safran is a leading international high-technology group in the
Aerospace (Propulsion and Equipment), Defence and Security
industries, where it enjoys prime global or European market
positions, either alone or in partnership with other companies.
Safran is constantly seeking to adapt and reinvent itself to meet
the critical technological and economic challenges of tomorrow.

Safran's roots and its technological and industrial hub are in France
and Europe. From this base, it has extended its footprint to the
American continent, Africa, Asia and Oceania. This presence
enables the Group to develop and nurture industrial and commercial
relations with the leading prime contractors and operators at
national level, and to promptly deliver first-class local service to
customers around the world.

KEY DATES IN THE GROUP'S HISTORY

Safran Group was created on May 11, 2005 from the merger
of Snecma and Sagem, and is the world’s oldest aircraft engine
manufacturer. Comprising a number of companies with prestigious
brand names, it has been at the forefront of aeronautics and
defence for more than a century and is now also a leading name
in security.

1905 Louis and Laurent Seguin found the Société des Moteurs
Gnome in the Paris suburb of Gennevilliers. In just a few short
years, their Gnome rotary engines become the standard for
planes around the world.

1912 Louis Verdet creates Le Rhéne, which becomes Gnome's
main competitor within two years. Gnome quickly takes over
its competitor, creating the Société des Moteurs Gnome &
Rhone. After the First World War, Gnome & Rhone becomes
one of the world’s leading manufacturers of aircraft engines.

1924 Marcel Méme creates Société d'Applications Générale
d'Electricité et de Mécanique (Sagem), whose main business
is to supply power to telephone exchanges. A few years later,
Sagem diversifies its business to include the manufacture of
cameras, projectors and artillery equipment. It also sets up
the first ever analogue telephone network. Sagem creates
Société d'Application Téléphonique, which in 1960 becomes
the Société Anonyme de Télécommunications (SAT). This
company goes on to design the world’s first infrared
guidance system for air-to-air missiles.

(1) Source: Messier-Bugatti-Dowty.
(2) Source: Ascend, www.ascendworldwide.com.
(3) Source: Safran.

(4) Source: Turbomeca.

[BBE sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

1945

1968

1974

1993

1997

2000

2002

2005

2008

After the Second World War, Gnome & Rhéne is nationalized
and renamed Snecma. It groups together the majority of
French aircraft engine manufacturers launched since the
beginning of the century (Renault, Lorraine, Régnier, etc.).

Hispano-Suiza, specializing in power transmission for the
engines of civil and military aircraft and helicopters, joins
Snecma. A few years later, it teams up with Messier to
create Messier-Hispano-Bugatti (MHB) and consolidate all
landing system products. Messier-Bugatti-Dowty is today
the world's leading player on this market").

Snecma becomes a civil aircraft engine manufacturer
through a cooperation agreement with General Electric
Aircraft Engines for the manufacture of the CFMS56 (“CF”
for General Electric's commercial engine line and “M56” for
Snecma's 56" project). This engine currently represents the
world's largest civil aircraft engine fleet”: an aircraft powered
by the CFMS56 takes off every 2 seconds").

Sagem purchases Morpho, a specialist in fingerprint-based
biometric recognition systems. Today, the business is the
world leader in this sector.

Snecma takes full control of Société Européenne de
Propulsion (SEP) and enters the space propulsion market
(Ariane launcher).

Aircraft wiring specialist Labinal joins Snecma. Labinal is
currently a leading world player in this market. Helicopter
engine manufacturer Turbomeca joins Snecma to continue a
technology success story that started in 1938 with company
founder Joseph Szydlowski. Today, Turbomeca is the world's
premier manufacturer of turbine engines for helicopters"!

Hurel-Dubois merges with the aircraft engine nacelle
business of Hispano-Suiza to become Hurel-Hispano. Three
years later the company is renamed Aircelle. It is currently
one of the key players on the aircraft engine nacelle market.

Safran is formed from the merger of Snecma and Sagem.

Safran strengthens its positions in the security business with
the acquisition of smartcard specialist Orga Kartensysteme
GmbH.

Safran extends its partnership with GE in the fields of
aerospace propulsion and nacelles through to 2040. The
Security business acquires Sdu-| in Holland, renamed
Morpho BV.


--- Page 9 ---

2009

2010

2011

Safran acquires 81% of GE's Homeland Protection business,
as well as Motorola's biometrics business (under the Printak
brand). Then in 2012, Safran acquires the remaining 19% of
GE Homeland Protection, renamed Morpho Detection Inc.

Labinal completes its acquisition of Harvard Custom
Manufacturing — renamed Labinal Salisbury - an American
company based in Salisbury (Maryland).

Safran acquires L-1 Identity Solutions, a leading American
identity management provider, to become a front-line world
player in identity solutions and electronic documents. It also
acquires SME (formerly SNPE Matériaux Energétiques).
The following year, Safran merges SME and Snecma
Propulsion Solide to form Herakles, world number two in
solid propellants for rockets").

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ OVERVIEW /

2012 Safran enters into an agreement to acquire the electrical

systems business of Goodrich (Goodrich Electrical Power
Systems — GEPS), to form a leading world player in aircraft
electrical systems.

In optronics, Safran and Thales form the 50-50 joint venture
Optrolead. The two companies also buy out the Areva stake
to obtain 50% each of Sofradir in order to transfer their
infrared businesses to this company.

1.1.2 ORGANIZATION AND POSITION OF THE ISSUER

IN THE GROUP

ORGANIZATION

Safran is an industrial group within which each subsidiary directly
manages the operational side of its business activity and takes
responsibility for the internal control system to be implemented in
accordance with Group procedures and internal rules.

The organizational structure is based on:

a parent company, Safran, the Issuer, responsible for the
Group's strategy, organization and development. Safran has
adopted a governance structure with a Board of Directors;

companies handling specific business lines, under strategies
determined by the parent company's Board of Directors.
The parent company's senior management ensures that the
strategies defined for each business are implemented at an
operational level.

First-tier entities are responsible for overseeing the second-tier
entities with which they have operational ties.

(1) Source: Herakles.

ROLE OF THE ISSUER WITHIN
THE GROUP

As the Group's parent company, Safran performs the following
functions for the Group companies:

it holds and manages shares in the main Group subsidiaries;

it steers and develops the Group, determining Group strategy,
R&T, sales policy, legal and financial policy, human resources
policy, communications, oversight of operations;

it provides support for Group companies, on legal, taxation
and financial matters (such as finance, cash pooling, tax
consolidation, etc.), along with services, through Shared
Services Centres covering payroll management and
administration, recruitment, non-production purchasing, IT,
and some accounting functions.

The list of consolidated companies is presented in section 3.1,
Note 33.

FINANCTAL FLOWS BETWEEN
THE ISSUER AND GROUP COMPANIES

Safran receives dividends paid by its subsidiaries, compliant with
applicable regulations.

It receives payment for services provided to Group companies,
and invoices the price of services provided through the Shared
Services Centres.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [II


--- Page 10 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
/ OVERVIEW /

1.1.3. SIMPLIFIED ORGANIZATIONAL CHART

Safran, the Issuer, is the parent company of the Safran Group. The simplified organizational chart as of December 31, 2012 is as follows:

SAFRAN

(‘) Less one share held by the French state.

The list of consolidated companies is presented in section 3.1, Note 33.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 11 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ OVERVIEW /

1.1.4 MAIN GROUP COMPANIES, BY BUSINESS SECTOR

Safran currently operates in three main markets: Aerospace,
Defence and Security. Safran's Aerospace business breaks down
into Aerospace Propulsion and Aircraft Equipment.

AEROSPACE PROPULSION

Safran's Aerospace Propulsion business covers all activities
(design, production, marketing, testing, maintenance and repair)
relating to propulsion systems for planes, helicopters, missiles and
launch vehicles, in the civil, military and space markets.

SNECMA

Jet engines for civil and military aircraft, support, maintenance,
repair and related services. Liquid-propellant propulsion systems.
for launch vehicles, satellites and space vehicles.

TURBOMECA

Turbine engines for civil, parapublic and military helicopters. Turbojet
engines for training aircraft, missiles and drones. Maintenance,
repair, support and related services.

HERAKLES

Solid propellant rocket engines for space launch vehicles
and missiles. Energy raw materials, pyrotechnic equipment,
thermostructural and organic composite materials for defence,
aerospace, automotive safety and industrial applications.

TECHSPACE AERO

Low-pressure compressors for aircraft engines. Equipment for
aerospace applications. Equipment and test cells for aerospace
engines.

AIRCRAFT EQUIPMENT

Safran's Aircraft Equipment business covers equipment, systems.
and services for civil and military aircraft and helicopters.

(1) Sagem is the trading name of Sagem Défense Sécurité.

MESSIER-BUGATTI-DOWTY

Aircraft landing gear and braking systems. Operations cover
full product life cycles: from design and manufacture through to
maintenance and repair.

AIRCELLE

Complete nacelle systems for aircraft engines, support and related
services, composite materials for aerostructures.
HISPANO-SUIZA.

Engine power transmissions for civil and military aircraft and
helicopters. Electronic power controllers and electrical systems.

LABINAL

Electrical wiring for civil and military aircraft. Comprehensive
engineering services for the aerospace, defence, automobile and
rail industries.

DEFENCE

SAGEM"

Equipment and systems in optronics, avionics, navigation,
electronics and critical software for civil and defence applications.
Customer support for all related land, sea, air and space
applications.

SECURITY

MORPHO.

Multi-biometric identification solutions (fingerprint, iris and face
recognition), and identity management solutions. Smartcards,
identity document and secure transaction systems. Equipment for
detecting explosives and illicit substances.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 12 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
/ GROUP STRATEGY /

GROUP STRATEGY

Safran holds leading international positions in the Aerospace,
Defence and Security markets. It enjoys strong customer
recognition for excellence in all its businesses.

Safran is a leading manufacturer of aircraft engines, helicopter
turbine engines and space engines. It is also a front-line player in
landing gear, nacelles, electrical equipment and wiring systems, for
aircraft manufacturers and airline companies. Safran provides its
customers and operators with an extensive services offering across
its whole business spectrum.

On the security market, Safran harnesses unique experience to
meet growing demand for multi-biometric identification systems,
secure document systems (passports, identity cards, etc.), and
tomographic systems for the detection of explosives and illicit
substances.

The Defence market remains a promising, albeit smaller, area owing
to Safran's strong innovative capacities in advanced technologies,
which underlie its leadership in optronics, navigation and avionics.

Safran's development is guided by four key principles:
. technological innovation, driving long-term growth;

. world number-one ranking in an increasing number of
businesses;

° strong positions on high-growth markets;

. consistently sound financial position.

To back its strategy, Safran continues to forge alliances and long-
term partnerships, as with GE, on engines for short- to medium-haul
aircraft (partnership dating back to 1974, then renewed in 2008
‘through to 2040), and more recently with Honeywell, on an ecology-
friendly Electric Green Taxiing System (EGTS) that does not require
the use of the aircraft's engines. Safran also proceeds with targeted
external growth operations, chiefly to round out its coverage of key
technologies and to access new markets. These levers strengthen
and accelerate Safran's organic growth.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Safran is also pushing ahead with its competitive performance
improvement plan, through constant improvement to its industrial
facilities and the increasing dollarization of its purchasing operations,
which affords protection against exchange rate fluctuations.

Safran takes up positions on long-term markets on which sustained
demand ensures growth and profitability. Growth opportunities are
found not only in the strong development potential of emerging
countries (such as China), but also in mature US and European
markets, where aircraft fleets are under renewal. Safran expects the
worldwide fleet to double in size over the next 20 years. This is the
multipolar and global aerospace market on which Safran asserts
its sustainable growth and profitability strategy.

Safran's financial fundamentals are very sound. Robust operating
cash flow underpins a strong long-term position at the technological
frontline, and sustained R&D investments, thus driving short- and
medium-term growth.

Safran implements its development strategy in accordance with
unwavering ethical principles, on job satisfaction, environmental
protection, and the absolute need for infallible safety and security
conditions. These principles are outlined in a charter that sets out
Safran's values and ethical standards (see section 5.2.1).


--- Page 13 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

GROUP BUSINESSES

Safran operates in the high-tech Aerospace (Propulsion and By joining forces, each party brings the best of its know-how to
Equipment), Defence and Security markets. In certain cases, the project in hand and shares risks thanks to a diversified product
it forges alliances and partnerships when participating in major portfolio.

programs in these markets, due to the technological challenges,
cost, development time and risks involved.

1.3.1 AEROSPACE PROPULSION

The Aerospace Propulsion business operates in three fields: 13.1.1 AIRCRAFT AND LIQUID-
PROPELLANT ENGINES

AIRCRAFT AND LIQUID-PROPELLANT ENGINES

ech 5 . : CIVIL AIRCRAFT ENGINES
Civil aircraft engines Business jets.
Regional jets Key characteristics of the business sector
Short- to medium-haul The civil aviation sector comprises four main segments:
aircraft . business jets powered with engines delivering between 5,000
Long-haul aircraft and 18,000 pounds of thrust;
Military aircraft engines Fighters . regional jets (30 to 100 seats) powered by engines delivering

between 8,000 and 18,000 pounds of thrust;

. short- to medium-haul aircraft with 100 to 200 seats, powered
by engines delivering between 18,000 and 50,000 pounds

Training and support aircraft
Patrol, tanker and transport

alee of thrust;
Miwhee ein) piesa Laut vehicles and . high capacity long-haul aircraft with a twin-aisle fuselage,
propellant engines satellites

powered by engines delivering over 50,000 pounds of thrust
(currently up to 115,000 pounds).

HELICOPTER ENGINES In response to aircraft manufacturer requirements for specific
engines for each of these business sectors, engine manufacturers

aes Ughthelicopters invest in civil engine programs comprising two types of activity:
Esluniowe. sri llles ste . original equipment activity, involving the sale of engines
Heavyweight helicopters installed on new aircraft;
. service activity, comprising the sale of spare parts and service
SOLID-PROPELLANT ENGINES contracts entered into on a case-by-case or long-term basis
with operators and approved maintenance centers.
Civil space industry Launch vehicles
Military industry Ballistic missiles

Tactical missiles and targets

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [IEE


--- Page 14 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

Economic life cycle of an aircraft engine

Revenue

Series production
(installed base)

Spares parts
and services

Development
& testing

Costs

40 years+

These programs may span more than 40 years and have several
phases. A significant portion of revenue generated by these
programs comes from support services.

There are four major engine manufacturers in the sector that can act
as prime contractors: GE (US), Rolls-Royce (UK), Pratt & Whitney
(US) and Safran (France). Honeywell (US) only acts as prime
contractor on business jet engines.

In the industry, the US dollar is used almost exclusively as the
transaction currency.

®@ Alliances and partnerships

Because of the very substantial investment involved in new engine
programs, Safran often works in partnership with other engine
manufacturers.

Partnerships may take the form of joint ventures, as with GE (on the
CFM56/LEAP program), Rolls-Royce and NPO Saturn.

They can also be based on contractual risk-and-revenue-sharing
agreements, under which Safran receives a share of sales revenue
for the final delivered product, corresponding to its share in
the program. The GE90 program is an example of this kind of
arrangement.

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the civil aircraft engines segment mainly
involve Snecma, Turbomeca and Techspace Aero.

® Low-thrust engines for civil aircraft

This engine family powers regional transport jets and business jets.

Safran is the prime contractor for the SaM146 program, in
partnership with the Russian engine manufacturer, NPO Saturn.
The SaM146 was selected as the sole engine for the Superjet 100,
‘the 70- to 95-seater aircraft made by Russian manufacturer Sukhoi.

(1) Source: Safran.

[EEE sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Safran also invests in engines for business jets through its Silvercrest
program, in the category of engines delivering 10,000 pounds
of thrust. This engine has already been selected by two aircraft
manufacturers, including Cessna, in May 2012, for its new Citation
Longitude business jet.

The Group also operates in this engine range through participation
in the following GE programs:

. CF34 10 (Embraer 190 and COMAC ARJ 21 regional jets);
. Passport (Bombardier Global 7000/8000 business jets).

Safran also makes a piston aircraft engine, the SR305-230E, from
SMA (Société de Motorisations Aéronautiques). SMA was founded
in 1997 to develop a diesel engine for light aviation, and joined the
Safran Group in 2005. The SMA SR305-203E engine will power
the latest arrival in the Cessna 182 Skylane line: the four-seater,
single-engine, high-wing Turbo Skylane NXT, scheduled for release
in 2013.

@ Medium-thrust engines for civil aircraft

The CFM56 engine program generates the largest share of Safran's
Aerospace Propulsion revenue (approximately 40%). This engine
is developed under equitable joint cooperation agreements by
CFM International, a 50-50 joint venture between Safran and GE.

The majority of short- to medium-haul aircraft with more than
100 seats delivered over the last 15 years are powered by
CFM56 engines. These engines power nearly 56%" of the
Airbus A320ceo (current engine option) range. Competition to power
the Airbus range comes from the IAE consortium's V2500 engine
and Pratt & Whitney's PW6000, which currently powers only a
small number of A318s. Following the purchase of Rolls-Royce's
share by Pratt & Whitney in June 2012, the IAE consortium now
comprises three engine manufacturers (Pratt & Whitney, MTU Aero
Engines and Japanese Aero Engines Corp.).


--- Page 15 ---

The new generation of the Boeing B737NG, like the previous
version (Classic), is powered solely by CFM56 engines.

Overall, the CFM56 engine represents 80%") of the short- to
medium-haul aircraft market.

The success of this program with airlines has led to a steady rise
in the fleet of CFM56 engines delivered over the past 30 years.
This engine currently represents the world's largest engine fleet,
totaling more than 24,000 units (only around 800 of which have
been withdrawn from service).

CFM International is also developing a new generation of engine
called LEAP, which should achieve a 16% reduction in fuel
consumption in comparison with current CFM56 versions. The

@) ToTAL eLivertes OF CFM56 ENGINES

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

first tests on the new unit will begin in 2013, with commissioning
scheduled for 2016. The engine has so far been selected:

. in an initial version, LEAP-1C, as the only Western source
for the propulsion system (engine plus nacelle) on COMAC's
C919 Chinese aircraft, in late 2009;

. in a second version, LEAP-1A, as one of the two new engine
options for the new Airbus A320neo (new engine option),
which was officially launched by the European aircraft maker
in late 2010. (The other engine is the PurePower PW1000G,
developed by Pratt & Whitney);

° in a third version, LEAP-1B, as the exclusive source for the

propulsion system on the new Boeing 737 MAX, officially
launched by the US aircraft manufacturer in summer 2011.

Number of
Average age — engines
of the fleet:

13 years 25,000

23,000

21,000

19,000

17,000

15,000

13,000

11,000

9,000

7,000

5,000

3,000

1,000

0

feat
81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 O02 03 04 05 06 O7 08 O9 10 11 12

® High-thrust engines for civil aircraft

The Group operates in this engine range as a risk and revenue
sharing partner of GE. Participation rates vary between 8% and
24% across several major engine programs in series production,
including the CF6 powering the A330 (19.4%) and the 747 (10%),
the GE90 powering the 777 (23.5%), the GP7200 powering the
A380 (17.5%, including 7.5% with Pratt & Whitney), and the Genx
(8%) powering the Boeing 787 Dreamliner long-haul aircraft and
the Boeing 747-8.

@ Spare parts and services for civil aircraft engines

After-sales operations primarily involve the sale of spare parts and
the provision of maintenance, servicing and repair services. They

(1) Source: Safran.

hold very high sales and profitability potential for the Group, owing
to the size and lifespan of the aircraft fleets concerned.

For the fleet of CFM56 engines, after-sales operations chiefly involve
sales of new spare parts and provision of engine maintenance
services. For several years the Group has been developing
long-term service contracts with airlines and major maintenance
workshops, to assert its position on this highly competitive market.
All CFMS56 engines are removed for inspection and servicing in a
maintenance workshop from three to five times during an average
service life. As well as offering real-time response to demand for
new spare parts, CFM Materials (a business run jointly by GE and
Snecma) also provides reconditioned CFM56 parts. CFM holds
near-exclusive coverage of the market for CFM56 spare parts,
which are critical to engine dependability. The growing number of

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [ETI


--- Page 16 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

CFM56 engines in service will generate a growing volume of highly
profitable business in the future.

For new-generation LEAP engines, scheduled to come into service
from 2016, all OEM purchase intention and firm order agreements
(except for sales for aircraft rental companies), have been signed
almost simultaneously with spare parts provision and/or service
contracts running for seven to ten years. As this type of offering
becomes increasingly systematic, it ensures long-term service
revenue covering the supply of spare parts from the initial OEM sale.

On all other civil aircraft engine programs, including those for high-
thrust engines, in which Safran holds a minority stake alongside
GE, the Group benefits from revenues from spare parts and
maintenance contract sales proportional to its stake in the program.

MILITARY AIRCRAFT ENGINES

Key characteristics of the business sector

The military aviation sector comprises three main segments:
. fighters;

. training and support aircraft;

. patrol, tanker and transport aircraft.

The military aircraft engine and related services market is dependent
on the budgets of client air forces. The military market is also
influenced by national independence and diplomatic considerations.

The nature and performance of engines varies considerably
depending on the segment: jet engines with a high thrust-to-weight
ratio for fighters, and jet engines or turboprops closer to those
found in civil aircraft for training and patrol aircraft.

As in the civil aviation sector, military engine programs generally
involve two types of activity, namely original equipment and
after-sales service, the latter comprising the sale of spare parts,
maintenance and repair activities, as well as other customer
services.

Alliances and partnerships between engine manufacturers have
been forged to bring together the best technological and commercial
assets, pool risks, and meet the needs of pan-European programs
(such as EuroProp International, regarding the TP400 engine fitted
to the Airbus A400M).

The majority of civil engine manufacturers are active in military
aircraft engines and benefit from the technical synergies that exist
between the two activities.

The key Western players in the fighter jet engine sector are North
American and British, namely Pratt & Whitney, GE and Rolls-Royce.

The main European players are: Safran, whose M53 engine powers
the Mirage 2000 and whose M88 engine equips the Rafale;
Rolls-Royce, whose RB199 engine powers the Tornado and whose
Pegasus engine powers the Harrier; and the European Eurojet
consortium comprising Rolls-Royce (UK), MTU Aero Engines
(Germany), Avio (Italy) and ITP (Spain), which are developing the
EJ200 engine for the Eurofighter Typhoon.

The choice of engines in the training aircraft sector consists mainly
of those made by Safran (the Larzac, which powers the Alphajet,
and the Adour in partnership with Rolls-Royce, which powers
BAe Systems! Hawk aircraft), Pratt & Whitney (PW500 and PW300)
and Honeywell (TFE731 and F124 engine families).

In the engine segment for military transport and patrol aircraft,
the fleet is primarily made up of the T56 and AE2100 turboprops

[EEG srran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

developed by Rolls-Royce North America (formerly Allison) and the
Tyne engines developed by Snecma under Rolls-Royce license.

In the future, a major role will be played by the TP400 program
(10,000 horse power turboprop - the most powerful in the Western
world), which powers the European military transport aircraft the
Airbus A400M, which is currently under development. Snecma
holds a 32.2% stake in this program as a member of the Europrop
International (EPI) consortium, comprising Snecma, Rolls-Royce,
MTU Aero Engines and ITP.

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the military aircraft engines segment mainly
involve Snecma, Turbomeca and Techspace Aero.

@ Fighter engines

Historically tied to Dassault Aviation, activity in this segment is

based mainly around the following programs:

. the Atar engine (4.5 to 7.1 metric tons of thrust), which
powers the Super-Etendard Marine jets and the Mirage Ill,
\V, V, F1 and 50 family. Series production of this engine has
now ceased and approximately 850 engines remain with
11 customers;

. the M53 engine (9.5 metric tons of thrust), which powers
the Mirage 2000. There are 606 of these engines in service
with nine clients;

. the M88 engine (7.5 metric tons of thrust), which powers the
Rafale, with 302 engines in service.

1 Training and support aircraft engines

Activity in this segment is based on the following programs:

. the Larzac engine (1.4 metric tons of thrust), which powers
Dassault Aviation's Alpha Jet training aircraft and for which
series production has ceased. The Larzac engine also
powers the Russian MiG-AT and Indian HJT36 prototype
training aircraft. Approximately 750 engines are in service
with 14 customers;

. the Adour engine, which delivers thrust of 3.7 metric tons
(with afterburner) or 2.9 metric tons (without afterburner), is
developed and produced by RRTM (Rolls-Royce Turbomeca
Ltd.), a partnership between Turbomeca and Rolls-Royce.
The Adour engine powers support and attack aircraft
such as the Jaguar aircraft produced by Dassault Aviation
and BAe Systems, and the following training aircraft: the
Hawk produced by BAe Systems and the Goshawk T-45A
produced by Boeing. More than 1,100 engines are in service
in 18 countries.

@ Patrol, tanker and transport aircraft engines

Activity in this segment is based on the following programs:

. the CFM56 engine powering military versions of the
Boeing 707 (CFM56-2), for the KC135 tanker aircraft and
Boeing 737 (CFM56-7), for the US Navy C-40 transport
aircraft, the future maritime patrol aircraft, the MMA
(Multimission Maritime Aircraft), the AEW8C aircraft (Airborne
Early Warning & Control) and the Wedgetail detection and
command aircraft;


--- Page 17 ---

. the Tyne turboprop engine, delivering 4,550 kW of thrust,
developed by Rolls-Royce and manufactured under license
by Snecma (57%) and MTU Aero Engines (20%). This engine
powers C-160 Transall transport aircraft and Breguet Atlantic
and Atlantique 2 maritime patrol aircraft. Series production
of this program has ceased but it continues to generate
revenues through spare parts and repairs;

. the TP400-D6 engine will power the Airbus A400M European
transport aircraft.

@ Spare parts and services for military aircraft

After-sales operations for military aircraft primarily involve the sale
of spare parts and maintenance, servicing and repair services.
This business directly addresses the need for aircraft availability of
governments using military aircraft. Two programs account for the
bulk of these military aircraft service operations today: Mirage 2000
(M53 engine); and Rafale (M88 engine). The Group also continues
to provide services for older aircraft fleets, to meet the needs
expressed by customers.

Because of the extreme operating conditions involved, military
aircraft engines are usually serviced before they reach 1,000 hours
in flight. One of Safran's constant development objectives is to
lengthen the interval between servicing visits. The Group recently
developed a new version of the engine that powers the Rafale;
the M88 Pack CGP introduces technical improvements that help
maintain the aircraft in optimal operating conditions. To reduce total
cost of ownership, hot parts and rotating parts have a longer service
life, which makes for a longer servicing interval. Most governments.
currently delegate the management of their spare parts to Safran.

LIQUID- AND PLASMA-PROPELLANT ENGINES

Key characteristics of the business sector

This business sector comprises launch vehicle propulsion systems
and satellite engines.

Two types of technology are involved: liquid-propellant rocket
engines and electric thrusters (known as plasma thrusters).

European civil space activities are assigned among manufacturers.
in each country to ensure a fair return on investment for all
governments involved. The manufacturers then enter into
agreements to reallocate these activities in accordance with their
areas of expertise.

In Europe, the weak government market means that access to
space systematically involves the operator Arianespace, the main
player on the commercial market for the launch of geostationary
telecommunication satellites. Safran is the main supplier of Ariane
engines.

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the liquid- and plasma-propellant engine
segment mainly involve Snecma and Techspace Aero.

Safran's direct customers are EADS Astrium, which supplies series
production units to Arianespace, and the European Space Agency
(ESA) for development activities:

. series production, with manufacture of the Vulcain 2
cryogenic engine delivering 135 metric tons of thrust to power
the main stage of the ES and ECA versions of Ariane 5, and
manufacture of the HM7 cryogenic engine delivering 7 metric

(1) shp: shaft horsepower.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

tons of thrust to power the upper stage of the Ariane 5 ECA
rocket;

. development activities, with the new Vinci restartable
cryogenic engine, delivering 18 metric tons of thrust, selected
for the upper stage of the improved Ariane 5, (Ariane 5 ME,
Midlife Evolution), the first launch of which is scheduled for
2017/2018, followed by the new-generation Ariane 6 launch
vehicle, for 2021/2022.

In the satellite sector, Safran offers an electric propulsion solution.
SPT100 plasma thrusters are in service in geostationary satellites
and the PPS1350 thruster powers ESA's SMART-1 lunar
exploration probe.

1.3.1.2 HELICOPTER TURBINE
ENGINES

Key characteristics of the business sector

The helicopter turbine engine market is characterized by significant
diversity in applications and customer-users. With the exception
of armed forces and certain specific civil applications, current
helicopter fleets are small in size.

Helicopter engine size is determined mainly by airframe weight
and mission type. Helicopters may have one, two or sometimes
three engines.

Overall, the Group serves:

. government and parapublic applications: police, border
control, medical and emergency services;

. civil applications: off-shore oil industry, transport, tourism and
private ownership, and airborne work;

. military applications: transport, attack and ground support,
maritime patrol.

This diversity, coupled with the fact that engines are tightly
integrated into the helicopter airframe, gives rise to a wide variety
of engines and associated versions.

The helicopter engine market, like the civil aviation market,
comprises two activities:

. sale of turbine engines to helicopter manufacturers for
installation in new airframes (original equipment);

. service activities based on spare part, maintenance and repair
contracts with operators, requiring a major global customer
support network with local reach, given the large number of
users and the helicopter's limited radius of action.

The profile of a helicopter turbine engine program is extremely

similar to that of a civil aircraft engine program as presented earlier

in the section.

The airframe/engine pairing is often unique and at the origin of a
new model. However, the current trend is towards multiple engine
sizes in line with developments in airframes. This trend can also be
seen where a helicopter is adapted for a specific purpose, thereby
reintroducing competition into a given program.

There are fewer partnerships between engine manufacturers than
in the civil aviation engine sector.

The main partnerships are between Rolls-Royce and
Turbomeca (RRTM), for the 2,500 shp") RTM322 engine, which
powers the NH90 and EH101, and between Rolls-Royce,

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [EWA


--- Page 18 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

Turbomeca, MTU and ITP (MTRI) for the 1,450 shp MTR390-E
engine, which powers the Tiger. The growth of the helicopter
market in emerging markets has also led Safran to develop other
types of partnerships with consortiums of helicopter manufacturers
looking to enter the propulsion sector. This is the case with HAL
(Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd.) in India and AVIC in China, which are
both becoming major customers and partners.

The majority of major Western aircraft manufacturer groups are also
present in the helicopter turbine engine market: Turbomeca (market
leader), GE, Pratt & Whitney Canada, Rolls-Royce and Honeywell.

MARKET SHARE: SALES OF HELICOPTER ENGINES,
2008-2012”)

1%

Turbomeca

Honeywell

% 7 Pratt & Witney Canada
Rolls-Royce

/

6E Klimov and Motor Sich

Group products and programs

Most of Safran's helicopter engines are modular turbine units
adaptable to civil and military helicopters. Modularity makes for
more efficient maintenance programs. Safran engines are designed
with a large additional power potential (up to 20%), which means
they address a broad application spectrum.

Through Turbomeca, Safran is active in all of the helicopter engine
categories described above.

® Turbine engines for light helicopters

For single- and twin-engine light helicopters, Safran offers two types
of engine: Arrius and Arriel.

These engines and their derivatives power many civil helicopters,
from Eurocopter (EC120, EC135, Ecureuil, EC145, Dauphin, etc.),
Sikorsky (S76) and Kamov (Ka-226T), along with military helicopters
from Eurocopter (Fennec, Panther), AgustaWestland (A109 Power)
and AVIC in China (Z9 and 211).

The Arriel 1E2 engine powers the 322 twin-engine UH-72 Lakota
by Eurocopter, ordered by the US Army.

In 2012, Safran launched development of the 1,100 shp TM800
engine for powering the Eurocopter X4 twin-turbine helicopter, and
other five-ton helicopters.

®@ Turbine engines for medium-weight helicopters

For medium helicopters (five to seven metric tons), Turbomeca
is present on the military market for combat helicopters, with the
MTR890 (developed jointly with Rolls-Royce and MTU) that powers
the Eurocopter Tiger, and the TM333 engine that powers HAL's
Dhruv. A special development contract has been signed with Spain
(taking on board ITP as an additional engine partner) for a more
powerful version of the MTR390 for the Tiger. For civil and military

(1) Source: Safran.

[EEE sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

applications with this range of helicopters, Turbomeca develops
the Ardiden.

The Ardiden program addresses the new generation of medium
helicopters (five to seven metric tons). The Ardiden 1 version is
in series production, as is the Indian version, Shakti, developed
in partnership with HAL, which powers the new version of
HAL's Druhv helicopter. The latest version, Ardiden 3, is at the
development stage. It addresses six- to eight-ton helicopters under
development, and has already won orders from AVIC in China and
Kamov in Russia.

1 Turbine engines for heavyweight helicopters

On the heavyweight helicopters market, Makila turbine engines
are used on helicopters including the Eurocopter EC 225/725 and
Super Puma.

The RTM322 turbine engine (50-50 cooperation with Rolls-Royce)
powers NH Industries’ NH90 helicopter and AgustaWestland's
EH101 and Apache (UK-specific) helicopters. This engine, which
is in competition with General Electric's T700 engine, has won
twelve of the fourteen NH90 tenders".

Spare part and service acti

Following the example of its civil aviation activities, Safran has
developed an international structure able to provide customers
with turbo engine spare parts and services locally. Local coverage is
provided through a worldwide network of repair centers (performing
in-depth maintenance) and Safran/Turbomeca service centers.

ies

1.3.13 SOLID-PROPELLANT ENGINES

Key characteristics of the business sector
This business sector comprises two main segments:

. the civil space industry, comprising launch vehicle propulsion
to place satellites in orbit as well as satellite engines;

. the military industry, comprising propulsion for all types of
ballistic and tactical missiles.

In the military sector, ballistic missiles are an essential component

of national nuclear deterrent forces for countries possessing this

capability. With the exception of the United Kingdom, production is

entrusted to national manufacturers. In Europe, France is the only

country to develop its own ballistic missiles.

Orders for tactical missiles are placed by governments. Certain
major markets, including the US, Russia and China, remain totally
or partially closed to European suppliers or are subject to “local
preference” policies.

In both the civil and military segments, engine manufacturers
work closely with the launch vehicle or missile prime contractor.
Development and engineering programs tend to be long and
financed by government budgets, such as the European
Space Agency (ESA) for civil space activities in Europe or the
national defence budget for strategic military operations. Missile
development is also financed by customer governments.

Series production activities generally involve limited quantities and
fixed costs are high.


--- Page 19 ---

Group products and programs

Safran addresses the civil and military space segments through
Herakles and its subsidiaries and holdings.

®@ Civil space propulsion
This segment features the following activities:

. series production, with the manufacture of powder
boosters, solid propellant engines delivering 650 metric tons
of thrust for Ariane 5 boosters produced by Europropulsion,
a 50-50 joint venture between Safran and Avio;

. development activities, with Safran participating in the
European VEGA program, in which it is notably responsible
for the nozzle on the P80 solid-propellant engine. Safran also
designs and manufactures nozzles in advanced composite
materials for US space engines.

© Ballistic missile propulsion

Safran provides rocket engines for the missiles of France's ocean-
going strategic nuclear force, in particular for the third-generation
program (M51).

1.3.2 AIRCRAFT EQUIPMENT

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

®@ Tactical missile and target propulsion

Safran provides engines for MBDA very-short-range ground-to-air
Mistral missiles, and Apache and Scalp long-range air-to-ground
missiles, as well as their Storm Shadow derivatives. The Group
provides engines for MBDA C22 targets, for US Air Force MQM 107
targets and for targets produced by the Italian company Galileo
(formerly Meteor) for NATO forces in Europe. It also supplies
components for the production of SM-3 interceptor missiles,
developed by Raytheon for US missile defence programs.

A consolidated business

Following Safran's April 2011 purchase of SME and its subsidiaries
(mainly 85% of Pyroalliance, 50% of Roxel [owner of Roxel France],
and 40% of Regulus), the activities of SME and SPS were merged
to form Herakles.

In order to effectively merge research teams with testing teams
from a functional standpoint, industrial efficiencies were rolled out
at the end of 2012. MBDA France acquired Roxel France's ramjet
integration and testing activities". This transaction did not include
ramjet solid propulsion boosters or thermo-structural materials
activities, businesses which continue to be operated by Roxel.

Herakles, number one in Europe and number two worldwide® in
solid propulsion technologies and industrial operations, employs
more than 3,000 people, including a research and development
unit boasting over 600 engineers and researchers.

Safran is one of the world's leading aircraft systems and equipment
suppliers, specializing in mechanical, hydromechanical and
electromechanical equipment.

Safran's Aircraft Equipment business operates in four sectors:

LANDING AND BRAKING SYSTEMS
Landing gear
Wheels and brakes
Landing and braking systems
Ventilation systems and filters

Support services for landing gear, wheels and brakes
and related systems

ENGINE SYSTEMS AND EQUIPMENT
Nacelles and thrust reversers

Power transmission systems

ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS AND ENGINEERING
Wiring and electrical connection systems
Power electronics and electrical systems
Engineering

OTHER EQUIPMENT

Small electric motors

(1) Aerobic engines particularly suited to power supersonic aircraft over long distances.

(2) Source: Safran.

This business covers design, manufacture and sale of various
products, plus maintenance, repair, related services and sale of
spare parts.

The growth potential of Safran's Aircraft Equipment business is
significant, with the Group enjoying leading positions in each of
its sectors in recent and prospective major short-, medium- and
long-haul commercial aircraft programs by Boeing (787, 737NG),
Airbus (A380, A350, and A320 ceo and neo) and COMAC (C919).

Thanks to its technological expertise in a large number of aircraft
equipment sectors, the Group is a preferred partner of aircraft
manufacturers and is able to offer a comprehensive range of
products and services. Safran is notably the sole comprehensive
“ATA 32” supplier (landing gear + brakes + systems).

Safran's substantial capacity for innovation has enabled it to carve
out either leading or major positions in its markets. Competitors
such as UTC Aerospace Systems (formerly Hamilton Sundstrand
and Goodrich in the US) and Honeywell (US) are present in several
sectors of the aircraft equipment market, whereas Liebherr
(Germany), Spirit (US), Moog (US), Zodiac, Thales, Meggitt (UK),
Avio (Italy), LATelec and Fokker (Holland) specialize in only one or
two specific sectors.

Adopting a less systematic approach than in the Aerospace
Propulsion business, Safran has formed a number of alliances
and partnerships in the Aircraft Equipment sector, on an individual
product and program basis.

Market characteristics are outlined individually below, for each
business area.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 20 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

1.3.2.1 LANDING AND BRAKING
SYSTEMS

This business comprises three main product lines: landing gear,
wheels and brakes, and landing/braking control systems.

In May 2011, Safran merged its wheels & brakes, landing & braking
systems, landing gear, and maintenance & repair businesses to
form Messier-Bugatti-Dowty. The new organization is in response
to market shifts toward more tightly integrated offerings addressing
both aircraft manufacturers and airlines.

One important trend here concerns the development of systems
for increasing the proportion of electric aircraft systems.

A good illustration of this comes with the joint venture formed by
Safran and Honeywell, which will be developing and offering airline
companies an Electric Green Taxiing System, which enables the
aircraft to taxi without airport towing services and without using the
aircraft engines. As well as saving fuel, this new system will also
reduce noise and pollution during taxiing phases.

LANDING GEAR

Key characteristics of the business sector

The market for commercial aircraft landing gear is shared by Safran,
UTC Aerospace Systems, Liebherr, plus a handful of niche players
positioned in specific market segments (business jets, helicopters,
drones, etc.). Technology requirements are high, as landing gear
must bear extreme loads during maneuvers on the ground: it must
be light, compact and robust, while being fully adapted to and
optimized for the aircraft's profile. The business model includes
a long development period - which starts with the initial aircraft
development phase - limited production volume and regular service
flows. Technological challenges include the use of new materials to
improve the resistance of parts, new, more eco-friendly production
processes (elimination of chrome) and enhanced acoustics.

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the landing gear segment mainly involve
Messier-Bugatti-Dowty, which holds a 50% market share".

Safran designs, manufactures and provides after-sales services for
landing gear for civil and military planes and helicopters of all sizes.
If requested by the customer, it also handles integrated systems.
Safran also provides the technical assistance and spare parts
needed for its equipment.

Safran is number one worldwide for these structural units, having
equipped a fleet of some 21,000 aircraft. The Group's customer
base comprises around thirty aircraft manufacturers, including
Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Dassault, plus 650 major military
and civil operators. Among the main commercial aircraft programs.
is the entire Airbus range, including the A350, as well as Boeing's
787 Dreamliner, the first contract with this US manufacturer. The
Group also has a strong presence in military applications, where

(1) Source: Safran.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

it equips the A400M, Rafale, Eurofighter Typhoon, F18, V22 and
Eurocopter helicopters, as well as in the business jet and regional
jet markets (ATR, SuperJet 100, Bombardier, Dassault-Falcon,
Fokker, Piaggio, etc.).

WHEELS AND BRAKES

Key characteristics of the business sector

The present-day wheels and brakes market extends to some
21,000 commercial jets, and splits evenly into two segments:
aircraft with steel brakes (first-generation brakes), and aircraft with
carbon brakes, invented by Safran. The market for carbon brakes
has developed rapidly since the 1980s, with the increase in air traffic
and the gradual phase-out of steel brakes, replaced by carbon
units. The wheels and brakes market is currently shared among four
major global players: Safran, UTC Aerospace Systems, Honeywell
and Meggitt.

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the wheels and brakes segment mainly
involve Messier-Bugatti-Dowty.

Safran designs, manufactures and provides after-sales services for
wheels and carbon brakes for aircraft. It also provides electronic
and electrohydraulic systems for aircraft braking, tire/brake/landing
gear monitoring and landing gear steering systems.

The Group's main customers for wheels and brakes are Airbus
and Boeing, chiefly in civil applications, for the A320, A830/A340,
767 and 777. In the military sector, Safran equips the A400M, the
Rafale, the KC135 refueler and the C17 transport aircraft. Recent
contract wins for the A350, the A320neo range, the 737NG and
the 787 have bolstered its position as leader in this sector.

With more than 5,500 aircraft fitted, Safran holds close to 50%")
of the global market for wheels and carbon brakes for aircraft with
over 100 seats. In 42% of cases, these fleets are less than five
years old, which, given the activity's business model, offers the
Group a strong and highly profitable future revenue outlook on a
constant-fleet basis.

LANDING AND BRAKING SYSTEMS

Key characteristics of the business sector

This market includes braking systems, orientation systems, landing
gear and door extension/retraction systems, and monitoring
systems. The main players are Safran, UTC Aerospace Systems,
GE Aviation Systems and Crane Aerospace & Electronics.

Group products and programs

Safran’s operations in the landing and braking system segment
mainly involve Messier-Bugatti-Dowty, selected by Airbus for
most of its programs, including the A350 and the A320 family,
by Bombardier for its LearJet 85 business jet program, and by
Embraer for its KC390 military program. Safran's market share


--- Page 21 ---

on commercial aircraft of more than 100 seats is around 35%",
across all systems.

In the landing/braking electronic control systems segment, Safran's
position is buoyed by its technological advance in electric braking
and its ability to propose a comprehensive offering to customers,
which encompasses landing gear, wheels and brakes, and
associated control systems.

VENTILATION SYSTEMS AND FILTERS

Through Technofan, which is listed on Euronext Paris (Segment C),
Safran designs, manufactures and markets ventilation systems
for aircraft cabins, and avionics and brake cooling systems for
commercial and military aircraft and helicopters.

Through its subsidiary Sofrance, Safran manufactures and markets
a wide range of filtration systems for fuel, lubrication, air and
hydraulic applications.

SUPPORT SERVICES FOR LANDING GEAR, WHEELS
AND BRAKES, AND RELATED SYSTEMS

Safran provides maintenance services for all Group products, as
well as for competitor products, for all aircraft of 10 metric tons
and above. Through its partnerships in Asia, the US and France,
the Group offers solutions tailored to regional and business jets.

1.3.2.2 ENGINE SYSTEMS AND
EQUIPMENT

NACELLES AND THRUST REVERSERS

Key characteristics of the business sector

The nacelle comprises the engine fairing, the air inlet, the nozzle
and the thrust reverser, which, as its name indicates, reverses
the engine's thrust to help brake the aircraft. The thrust reverser
represents approximately half the value of the nacelle. The market
is organized around these sub-units, which require both specific
and varied technical expertise according to the size and complexity
of the nacelles. Safran's main competitors are UTC Aerospace
Systems and Spirit.

Group products and programs

Safran is present in the nacelle and thrust reversers sector through
the activities of Aircelle.

Safran designs, manufacturers and provides after-sales services
for nacelles for business jets, regional jets and commercial aircraft
with over 100 seats. The Group also provides aerostructures,
particularly those manufactured with composite materials. It is a
recognized expert in the manufacture of complete nacelle systems
(A340-500/600 and A380), large-scale reversers (A330 and A320)
and acoustic technologies, and has a strong presence in the
market for regional and business jets (Embraer 135/145 and 170,
Gulfstream V, Bombardier Global Express, Challenger 300 and
Sukhoi Superjet 100). Safran is one of three global leaders in this

(1) Source: Safran.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

sector, with a market share of 25%"). Safran has an alliance with
GE, via its subsidiary Middle River Aircraft System (MRAS), along the
same lines as the CFM engine program partnership. The purpose of
this alliance, called Nexcelle, is to jointly develop nacelles for future
medium-haul aircraft. This is likely to strengthen Safran's long-
term position. COMAC has selected the Nexcelle joint venture's
“integrated nacelle” for the CFM LEAP-1C integrated propulsion
system. The contract comes with an industrial cooperation
agreement between Nexcelle and the Chinese state-owned group
AVIC. Nexcelle has also been selected by GE to supply the nacelle
for its Passport engine, which powers the Bombardier Global
7000/8000 business jets. Aircelle also develops the A320neo
nacelle for Airbus, in partnership with MRAS, in a version powered
by the CFM LEAP-1A, and the Silvercrest engine nacelle.

POWER TRANSMISSION SYSTEMS

Key characteristics of the business sector

The power transmission market covers a range of applications, the
main ones being accessory gearboxes (which deliver mechanical
energy to engine accessories or aircraft systems), reduction
drives (which transfer power to the propeller blades on turboprop
aircraft), and main transmission gearboxes (which transfer power
to the blades on helicopters). The main players on this market are
the engine and helicopter manufacturers themselves, along with
equipment suppliers such as the UTC group, Avio, KHI, Triumph
and Northstar.

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the power transmission sector involve
Hispano-Suiza.

Safran designs, manufactures, markets and maintains a wide range
of mechanical power transmission systems for civil and military
aircraft engines. Its customers are mainly Safran Group companies.
Its reputation for technical expertise in power transmission systems
has enabled it to enter into agreements with Rolls-Royce and more
recently Eurocopter, and has bolstered Safran's position among
sector leaders.

13.2.3. ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS
AND ENGINEERING

WIRING AND ELECTRICAL CONNECTION SYSTEMS

Key characteristics of the business sector

Wiring and electrical connection systems are mainly comprised of
electrical harnesses as well as main and secondary transformer
stations and other electrical cabinets.

Much of the aircraft wiring market is still in the hands of aircraft
manufacturers’ internal departments. The Group is the worldwide
leading supplier on the open market for aircraft wiring. Its main rivals
are Fokker/ELMO, LATelec and, in the US, Ducommun LaBarge.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [PSI


--- Page 22 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in the wiring and electrical connection system
segment mainly involve Labinal.

Safran provides electrical and layout design work in addition to
wire production and installation support services at the aircraft
manufacturer's site, for customers including Airbus and Boeing.
If requested by the aircraft manufacturer, as is often the case on
upgrade programs, Safran can take on the planning and onboard
installation stages. This can - as with recent major programs
such as the A380 — extend to an “end-to-end” service covering
engineering, manufacture and installation support.

The Safran-COMAC aircraft wiring joint venture became operational
in June 2012. This new company, Shanghai SAIFE! Aviation EWIS.
Manufacturing Co, Ltd., is 51%-owned by COMAC and 49% by
Labinal. It specializes in EWIS (electrical wiring interconnection
systems) design, development, manufacture and customer
support for the aviation market in the Asia-Pacific region. One of
its projects involves implementation of the EWIS program for the
COMAC C919.

POWER ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS

Key characteristics of the business sector
The power electronics market is recent, arising directly from
developments in electrically powered aircraft functions (electric
thrust reversers, electric brakes, electric load control, etc.).
UTC Aerospace Systems (US) holds skills in this field.

The electrical systems market is longer-established, and mostly
covers electricity generation and distribution functions. This
market is currently commanded by major players such as
UTC Aerospace Systems, Zodiac and GE, which cover all or some
system components.

Group products and programs

Safran's operations in these segments involve Hispano-Suiza and
(for electrical distribution systems) Labinal.

Examples of Safran's capacity for innovation in power electronics
include ETRAS (Electrical Thrust Reverser Actuation Systems),
the world's only electric control system for nacelles, developed on
the A380, and EBAC (Electrical Braking Actuation Controller), on
the Boeing 787. These major technological advances, along with
Safran's engine and electrical wiring expertise, enable the Group
to offer aircraft manufacturers innovative electric aircraft systems
for their forthcoming programs.

In November 2011, Embraer selected Safran to provide all
emergency backup power and primary and secondary distribution
systems on its KC390 military transport aircraft program.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

In October 2012, Safran announced that it had entered into a
definitive agreement to purchase Goodrich Electrical Power Systems
(GEPS). Adding new capabilities in electrical technologies, this
transaction will lead to the creation of a world leader in aerospace
electrical power systems and mark a decisive breakthrough in
Safran's “more electric aircraft” strategy. The acquisition will also
allow Safran to continue to develop new leading-edge solutions
for the electrification of aircraft equipment (including landing gear,
nacelles and power transmission systems) and closer integration
of electrical systems with aircraft engines.

ENGINEERING

Key characteristics of the business sector

Demand continues to run high on Safran's engineering market.
With the many programs currently under development, aircraft
manufacturers and equipment vendors are experiencing a shortage
of specialist engineering skills.

At the same time, Safran's major aerospace customers are trimming
back their supplier panels, and this gives rise to consolidations and
new opportunities for those suppliers that are selected.

Selection depends on the ability of suppliers to provide consistent
support on their customers’ international markets, and to sustain
and develop their skills bases.

Safran's main competitors are leading full-service engineering
groups such as Alten and Altran as well as niche aviation suppliers,
e.g., Assystem and Aeroconseil.

Group products and programs

Safran is present in the engineering market through Safran
Engineering Services, a subsidiary of Group company Labinal. In
Europe, North America and Asia, Safran Engineering Services is
primarily active in the aviation market but also provides services to
related markets such as automobile and rail. Its expertise, focused
on four broad areas (electricity, aerostructures, mechanical systems
and embedded systems), is used by various Group companies,
chief among which ranks Labinal. However, it also provides services
to major aviation customers (EADS, Boeing, Dassault and Embraer)
as well as land transport companies (Bombardier Transport, Renault
and Peugeot).

1.3.2.4 OTHER EQUIPMENT

SMALL ELECTRIC MOTORS

Through its subsidiary Globe Motors, Safran designs, manufactures
and markets a wide range of precision electric motors and actuators
for the automobile, aviation and defence industries.


--- Page 23 ---

1.3.3. DEFENCE

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

Safran holds a distinctive position in advanced avionics, optronics,
electronics and critical software for the civil and defence markets.

The Defence business can be broken down into three key sectors:

OPTRONICS

Soldier modernization
Optronics and sights
Drones

High-performance optics

AVIONICS

Navigation and sensors

Seekers and guidance systems

Flight control systems

Upgrading of military aircraft/civil avionics
Onboard information systems

ELECTRONICS AND CRITICAL SOFTWARE

Onboard electronic equipment
Onboard critical software

Safran is active in France and internationally in navigation assistance
equipment, electronic, optical and optronic equipment. It develops,
produces or purchases, and maintains computers and printed
circuit boards used in all types of platforms for the civil and military
aviation and defence sectors. Safran develops onboard electronics
and critical software for the systems it manufacturers.

Safran’s main partners and customers in the Defence sector are
governments (ministries or armed forces) and European groups
such as Thales, EADS, Nexter, BAe Systems, MBDA, Finmeccanica,
Saab AB, Alenia, Dassault, DCNS and CMI.

Other well-known integrators and equipment and system suppliers
in the international aviation and defence sectors may also become
partners or customers of the Group, primarily those located in the
US, Israel, Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Korea, South Africa,
Canada and Australia.

1.3.3.1 OPTRONICS

Key characteristics of the business sector

Safran's ability to innovate and its expertise have enabled it to
become a reference in the high-tech industry of optronics. The
optronics sector covers a wide range of equipment and systems,
such as the soldier modernization system, night vision goggles,
combat vehicle digitization (vectronics) and air-land battle space
digitization, optronic pods for aircraft and weapon systems, drone

systems, periscopes for nuclear submarines, and REOSC high-
performance optics. Safran also offers a full range of infrared and
thermal equipment. Optronic applications cover the air-ground
defence, naval-air defence, aviation and space sectors.

Following an agreement signed in December 2011, Thales and
Safran formed a 50-50 optronics joint venture named Optrolead
in July 2012. This company brings the two partners together
to cooperate on technical, commercial and program issues,
with each company keeping full control of its industrial assets.
Programs address future defence optronics systems, which
represent substantial modernization and upgrade potential. The
combination of Safran and Thales' skills will offer greater benefits for
customers and the two partner companies. The new systems under
examination include the image chain on the forthcoming French-
British MALE drone, various modular optronic systems on army
vehicles, and optronics for future helicopters and aircraft upgrades.

This partnership also enables Thales and Safran to bolster the
French infrared detector industry, through their joint subsidiary
Sofradir. Price and performance are key factors in the competitive
performance of optronic systems. Both partners had previously
developed their own infrared detector technologies, which were
transferred to Sofradir in December 2012.

Also in 2012, Safran acquired Optovac Mecdnica e Optoelectrénica
Ltda, a Brazilian company specializing in optronics and night
vision. Two subsidiaries were formed, in India (Sagem Services
India Private Limited) and Australia (Sagem Australasia), to provide
industrial support for equipment such as inertial navigation systems,
and technical assistance to local users. A local liaison office was
opened in Algeria.

Group products and programs

Safran is active in the optronics industry through Sagem (the trade
name of Sagem Défense Sécurité), the subsidiaries Vectronix in
Switzerland and the US (portable optronics products), Optics 1 Inc.
in the US (integrated optical systems and subsystems), and
Optovac in Brazil, and through its stake in Optrolead and Sofradir
(world number-one in infrared detection).

1 Soldier modernization

With FELIN (the French acronym for “infantryman with integrated
equipment and links”), designed specifically for soldier modernization
in the French armed forces, Safran is offering innovative solutions
to meet the needs of various armed and security forces (army as
well as police, civil security and firefighters) both in France and
further afield. Providing the dismounted soldier with optimal ease
of movement, this modular approach developed and marketed by
Safran meets the objectives of soldier modernization programs
(SMP). The soldier has enhanced protection against ballistic risks
(shrapnel-proof vest, plates to protect against assault weapons,
etc.), NBC risks (integrated ventilation system featuring two filtration
systems) and climate risks (technical underwear adapted to a
variety of climatic conditions).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [PERI


--- Page 24 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

@ Optronics and sights
Portable optronics

Safran is a trailblazer in, and the leading European producer of,
portable optronics. It offers a full range of observation hardware
and systems that can be used day and night in all conditions. Its
thermal cameras and multi-purpose night-vision imagers, such as
‘the JIM LR long-range multifunction imager ordered by the French
army as well as other armed forces, have become a global market
reference. These high-tech systems are widely used in the overseas
operations conducted by French and other Allied armies.

Onboard systems

Safran provides protection for all types of land combat vehicles
(tanks and lighter vehicles), in the form of observation and fire
direction systems, under day or night conditions, including
ambulant firing capability, sighting stabilization, self-protection,
human-machine interfaces and navigation capabilities. Safran also
offers similar solutions for ships, surface vessels and submarines.

In the field of gyrostabilized sights, Safran has participated in
major combat helicopter programs: Tiger, NH90, Cougar and
Panther. Infrared STRIX and OSIRIS sighting systems fitted to Tiger
helicopters are able to meet the most demanding conditions of
any combat platform in operation, providing for target observation,
detection, reconnaissance, identification and localization, as well
as pursuit and fire direction for onboard weapons. Safran is also
involved in major French and export (Emirates, Saudi Arabia, etc.)
land vehicle programs (Leclerc, BCI, BMP3).

Safran's experience in (conventional and nuclear) submarine masts
and periscopes has been applied to several programs such as
Scorpéne, Agosta and Daphné. The new generation of combat
nuclear submarines, the Barracuda class, which have pump-jet
propulsion, will also be equipped with these technologies — notably
incorporating the DAS surface detection system using non-
penetrative optronic masts.

Safran's artillery systems boast state-of-the-art capabilities and
are used by armed forces in more than 20 countries. The SIGMA
30 family of units for land navigation and artillery pointing make it
possible to fire accurately at very short notice.

l™@ Drones

Safran has pushed back the barriers on drone systems through its
expertise in critical function chains: navigation and flight control,
image chain, and data transmission. Night and day, Safran's
tactical-drone systems are used in daily operations, in close contact
with threats.

®@ High-performance optics

With its REOSC optic range, Sagem is a specialist in advanced
opto-mechanic equipment for civilian and military applications. As
a worldwide leader in high-performance spatial optics, Sagem is
the sole company in Europe to master polishing and large-scale
ceramic substrate treatment (SiC) to a degree of precision within

[RZ Csarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

several nanometers. Its space optics are used onboard Helios |
and ll, Meteosat and the Spot satellites, plus numerous scientific
satellites.

Customer support

Sagem's customer support includes high value-added services,
including repairs, equipment delivery and technical support. All
strive towards the same goal: ensuring that equipment is in full
working order at all times.

1.3.3.2. AVIONICS

Key characteristics of the business sector

Safran's innovation and expertise make it a top-tier global player
in the high-tech avionics industry. The avionics segment covers
onboard electronics technologies in the following product lines:
inertial navigation, flight control systems, guidance systems
(seekers, Modular Air-to-Ground Weapons, munitions) and onboard
information systems. The applications corresponding to this
product offering are extensive and encompass all types of platform,
such as combat vehicles and ships, guided weapon systems, plus
commercial planes and helicopters. In addressing several different
markets with common-core technology platforms, Safran enhances
competitive performance and optimizes its customer portfolio. This
approach reduces both costs and volatility.

Safran's main competitors in these businesses (France and
international) include: Thales, BAe, Finmeccanica, Rockwell Collins,
Northrop Grumman (formerly Litton), Eaton, Liebherr.

Group products and programs

Safran is present in the avionics sector through Sagem (the trade
name of Sagem Défense Sécurité) and its US subsidiary Sagem
Avionics Inc. (automatic pilot systems for aircraft, activators and
onboard data acquisition and processing modules), and its holding
in Astrac (fighter upgrades).

@ Navigation and sensors

As the European market leader in inertial navigation systems, Safran
offers a wide range of inertial and hybrid systems for submarines,
surface ships, land vehicles, airplanes, helicopters and aircraft.
Recognized know-how in these technologies lies behind Safran's
involvement in programs such as Rafale and A400M, and, more
recently, in a Russian joint venture developing and supplying inertial
systems for fighter planes and combat helicopters.

@ Seekers and guidance systems

Building on the Magic II program, Safran has combined expertise
in optronics and inertial systems to provide seekers for Mistral and
MICA IR missiles. At the heart of the missile's system, the seeker
fitted to the MICA uses the most advanced technologies such as
bispectral imaging and real-time processors. MICA IR missiles are
carried by Rafale fighters and Mirage 2000-5 interceptor aircraft.


--- Page 25 ---

The AASM (French acronym meaning Modular Air-to-Ground
Weapon) is a family of high-precision weapons for modern air
forces. It is a conventional-use weapon that can be used in all
conditions, day or night, and has substantial standoff capacity.
The missile is in service on Rafale fighters belonging to the French
air force and navy, and has proved highly successful in operation.
It features several Safran specialties, such as inertial components.
comprising hemispheric resonating gyro, infrared technology and
image processing.

® Flight control systems

As a worldwide leader in helicopter flight control, Safran offers
automatic systems designed to aid the pilot while maintaining
a maximum level of security. Safran's expertise extends to
components of navigation systems coupled with autopilots:
position sensors, flight control actuators and onboard computers.
Safran was selected along with partners Eurocopter and Thales
on the development project for the X4 next-generation helicopter.
Embraer commissioned Safran with development and supply
of the horizontal stabilizer trim actuator (HSTA) on the KC390.
AgustaWestland selected Sagem to handle the development of the
secondary onboard computer for the AW169 flight control system.

®@ Upgrading of military aircraft and civil avionics

Safran offers turnkey solutions that include training and
maintenance. They are based on inertial navigation and fire direction
systems, visible and infrared optronics, and high-performance
digital processing both onboard (weapons systems) and on the
ground (mission preparation). Safran is upgrading the Ukrainian
Mi24 helicopters and working with Thales under the Astrac joint
venture to retrofit Morocco's Mirage F1 fighters (new attack and
navigation system, new weapons, etc.).

Safran is also a major player in upgrading avionics for civilian and
parapublic helicopters and airplanes. Its offering runs from cockpit
displays to complete aircraft modernization. For example, Safran
was selected by the Brazilian army and Helibras to take charge of
upgrading the EC725 helicopters.

@ Onboard information systems

Safran has also developed flight-data recording systems (Aircraft
Condition Monitoring System —- ACMS), which equip ATR, Embraer,
Boeing and Airbus aircraft. It provided the information system of
the A380 and of the A350, under Airbus prime contractorship.
More than simply a data network, the system comprises a fully
fledged intranet combining the properties of a router, server and
communication interface.

Customer support

After-sales services account for a quarter of Safran's avionics
revenue. The substantial installed base provides a solid footing for
developing customer support, especially in repair work.

(1) Safran Power: aivision of Hispano-Suiza.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

1.3.3.3 ELECTRONICS AND CRITICAL
SOFTWARE

Safran is active in onboard electronics and critical software through
Sagem's Safran Electronics division and its subsidiaries Safran
Electronics Asia Pte Ltd (electronics maintenance center for the Asia
Pacific region), Safran Electronics Canada Inc. (onboard electronics
for business jets and regional aircraft), FADEC International LLC,
a 50-50 US joint venture with BAE Systems, and more recently a
German joint venture with MTU AeroEngine GmbH, Aerospace
Embedded Solutions GmbH.

The Safran Electronics division provides Group companies with
the electronic equipment and critical software required for their
world-leading programs. It develops, produces or purchases, and
provides maintenance for computers and printed circuit boards
for numerous systems (FADEC engines, thrust reversers, nacelles,
landing gear, braking systems, flight control systems, inertial
navigation systems and sights) for aircraft and naval and terrestrial
landing platforms. Safran Electronics also develops and certifies
the critical onboard software for these systems.

ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT

Safran Electronics specializes in electronic systems for harsh
environments (temperature, vibration, etc.) and single and multiple
onboard computers, either standalone or integrated in an IMA
(Integrated Modular Avionics) system, for critical applications such
as engine control, flight control, braking control and landing gear
control. Its teams develop, produce or purchase, and provide
maintenance for, computers and printed circuit boards. They also
design and install electronic controls for Safran Power power
converters and electro-mechanical actuators. Safran Electronics
also manufactures complex hybrid micro-electronic modules for
aerospace applications. As such, it is conducting work on the
electronic propellant flow-rate regulation demonstrator for the
Vulcain X engine, and on control systems for plasma thrusters.
Safran Electronics covers the whole of the supplier chain. It
develops know-how and technological expertise in the production
of electronic circuit boards, through a strong industrial excellence
center based at its Fougéres plant, plus a sound network of
suppliers, partially located in both low-cost and dollar zones.

CRITICAL SOFTWARE

Safran Electronics develops the complex critical software used in
Safran Group onboard systems. The software is critical in terms
of dependability requirements in harsh environments, and it
complies with extremely demanding certification standards. Safran
Electronics teams handle software architecture, specifications,
coding, verification, quality assurance, configuration management
and certification.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 26 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

Computer maintenance and repair

At its Massy and Singapore repair centers, Safran Electronics performs maintenance of its own onboard computers along with systems
from other Safran Group and third-party manufacturers. It maintains and repairs computers and electronic boards for a significant number

of airlines and airforces worldwide.

1.3.4 SECURITY

Security activities can be split into three key sectors:

IDENTIFICATION
Identification Large-scale identity systems
solutions Border control
Criminal identification
Biometric enrollment services
Biometric equipment
Other activities Lottery terminals

Transport security

E-DOCUMENTS

SIM cards
Bank cards
Secure identity documents

DETECTION

Detection by X-ray tomography of explosives and
dangerous and illicit substances.

Spectrometry-based detection and analysis of traces of
explosives and dangerous and illicit substances.

Safran is a world front-runner in biometric identity and authentication
solutions, and a leading player in border control for passengers and
goods. Organic growth in Safran's security businesses is driven by
the changing sources of threats, the emergence of new security
and authentication needs in an increasingly connected world,
and government modernization, especially in emerging countries.
Growth also stems from constant progress in technologies, backed
by a policy of industrial and academic partnerships, plus new
acquisitions as relevant opportunities arise.

With the acquisition in 2012 of Cassis International, a Trusted
Service Management (TSM) pioneer, Safran will be able to offer
a comprehensive architecture for authentication and identification
solutions in digital applications and e-services. These solutions
and services address mobile network operators and banks
pursuing rapid development of no-contact payment applications
for phones and smartphones, and governments seeking to roll out
administrative e-services for the public.

(BA) SC sran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Through these companies, Safran has perfected cutting-edge
technology in areas such as biometrics, onboard software (in
particular smart card operating systems), secure terminals
(biometric identification terminals, gaming terminals, speed control
radars, etc.), secure printing techniques and cryptology, and
detection (explosives and illegal substances). Such technology is
necessary to access key target markets.

In the air and airport sectors the trend towards increased security
continues and requires a considerable joint effort by numerous
players, including airport and civil aviation authorities, airline
companies, border police and customs authorities. Safran
cooperates with all national and international organizations
influencing the development of new technologies in the aviation
sector. Safran is a world partner of professional organizations
including Airport Council International (ACI), the International Air
Transport Association (IATA), and the International Civil Aviation
Organization (ICAO). It is actively involved in their working groups
on issues regarding transport safety and passenger convenience.
Safran R&D investments target the emergence of new-generation
check-points implementing several of the technologies developed
across all its businesses.

Safran is present in the security sector through Morpho, the world
leader in biometric solutions. Morpho's main subsidiaries are:

. Morpho Detection, specializing in the detection of explosives
and illicit substances;

. Morpho Cards, specializing in smart cards and related trusted
service management;

. Morpho BV, one of Europe's leading players in the printing of
secure documents such as passports;

. MorphoTrak, which supports Morpho's biometrics business
development in the US, addressing local police services and
government contracts in particular;

. MorphoTrust USA, founded to take in, under a proxy
agreement with the US government, the US businesses
of L-1 Identity Solutions regarding the issuance of identity
documents in the US, biometric enrollment services for
authorization control, and sensitive projects run by the US
government.


--- Page 27 ---

1.3.4.1 IDENTIFICATION

Key characteristics of the business sector

Identification solutions comprise the Group's identity programs and
products (including identification solutions, automatic systems for
processing biometric data, etc.) and security equipment (biometric
terminals, biometric enrollment kiosks, gaming terminals, transport
safety equipment, etc.), which, by identifying and authenticating
persons or objects, contribute to the protection of persons, goods
or sites against all types of threats and danger.

By “identify” we mean being able to find reference to a particular
individual from among a group of individuals who are, a priori,
known. By “authenticate” we mean confirming, based on information
provided by individuals (e.g. by pin code, biometric data, etc.) that
individuals are who they say they are. Generally speaking, system
security calls for combined use of both functions: identification is
used when an entitlement is granted, to verify that the individual
requesting the entitlement is not persona non grata and that he
or she is not referenced in the system under another name; the
authentication process then checks biometric information stored
for the individual, to confirm his or her entitlement.

The market for automated fingerprint identification systems (AFIS)
and multi-biometric platforms (fingerprint, face and iris recognition)
addressing forensic applications is concentrated in the hands of a
few players, primarily Safran, NEC (Japan) and 3M (US). Demand for
biometric technologies is growing, with international development
of applications for the delivery and verification (mainly at border
controls) of passports and other biometric identification documents
(ID card, health card, etc.), and with the development of applications
for delivering unique identification to each individual, as with the
Adhaar (unique number) project run by the Indian government's
Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), which uses it for
fingerprint and iris biometric identification.

Markets for varied applications in identification management
and flow control are highly competitive, addressed by numerous
industrial players (such as 3M, NEC and Crossmatch) and major
integrators (including Accenture, Lockheed Martin, Siemens and
IBM).

Contributing to these solutions are the identification division of
Dutch subsidiary Morpho BV (specializing in the printing and
personalization of secure documents), US subsidiaries MorphoTrak
and MorphoTrust USA (identification products and solutions),
and Morpho Cards (smart card specialists providing cards for
identification applications).

With market share of 25% in 2010", Safran currently leads the
world civil and military biometrics market (worth USD 4.5 billion
in 2010), which covers biometric solutions for civil, criminal and
military identification (including production of identity documents,
biometric terminals and automatic biometric identification systems).

(1) Source: Global Civil & Military Biometrics Market, Frost & Sullivan, December 2011
(2) Source: ABlresearch 2012 survey, “Smart card and secure IC market data”.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

Group products and programs

1 Identification solutions

Safran already offers numerous biometric techniques to identify
physical persons, including fingerprint recognition (and potentially
vein pattern recognition), face, iris and tattoo recognition, and
various combinations of these techniques.

The implementation of these techniques enables the following
systems and solutions to function:

. major identification systems (censuses, listings, and issue
of ID cards, voter cards, passports, e-health cards, driver's
licenses, etc.);

. border control solutions, including e-passport data checks
by fingerprint recognition (at Paris and Marseille Provence
airports), iris recognition (UK), and facial recognition (Australia/
New Zealand), and a common European system for Schengen
visas and visas for asylum seekers;

. solutions to help solve crime, such as automatic fingerprint
or face identification systems for police or legal authorities;

° enrollment services for control of authorizations to work at
sensitive sites and on critical applications (e.g., US businesses
under proxy).

The identification division also designs and deploys the biometric
sensors and equipment used for protecting access to physical
premises or information systems, along with biometric enrollment
terminals and identity control terminals using one or more of the
three major biometric detection technologies (fingerprint, facial and
iris recognition).

™@ Other businesses

Image-analysis expertise developed for biometrics is also applied to
secure terminals for lotteries or bookmaking, or products, systems
and services for transport safety. In road safety, for example, Safran
products cover all safety rule control requirements (speed, signs,
etc.), and include manual solutions and fully automated digital
systems.

1.3.4.2 E-DOCUMENTS

Key characteristics of the business sector

Through Morpho and its subsidiaries, Safran is a major player in
smartcard systems for identifying beneficiaries in a whole range of
applications. Safran is present in all market segments, including
mobile phones, bank cards, identity documents (such as ID cards,
health cards, passports and driver's licenses), and secure access
to business networks and the internet. Safran is the fourth-largest
smartcard company worldwide®!, after Gemalto, Oberthur Card
Systems and Giesecke & Devrient.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [PUA


--- Page 28 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ GROUP BUSINESSES /

Group products and programs

™@ SIM cards

On the SIM card market, Morpho supplies the world's biggest
mobile phone operators via a logistics chain that delivered
650 million SIM cards worldwide in 2011.

Mobile telecommunications is a fast-moving field, addressed by
four Safran R&D centers actively involved in high-potential projects
including: Near-Field Communication (NFC), which enables users
to identify themselves via their mobile phone, using it to pay
for purchases, for example; machine-to-machine technology
capable of tracking a fleet of GSM-equipped vehicles; digital
identification, where a smart card becomes a means of internet
user authentication, with reliability as high as for the mobile phone
network.

™@ Bank cards

Morpho supplies major banks in regions including Europe, Latin
America and Asia. This sector is currently benefiting from two major
trends: magnetic stripe cards are giving way worldwide to smart
cards meeting the EMV (Europay MasterCard Visa) standard; and
no-contact technologies are gaining ground. Both technologies
heighten the security of transactions, reduce the incidence of fraud
and improve customer convenience.

In 2012, with the acquisition of the European subsidiaries of the
American Banknote group, specializing in the production and
personalization of bank cards, Safran extended its European
network of personalization centers.

®@ Secure identity documents

Morpho's e-documents division contributes to Safran's leadership
on the identity solutions market (in which it is global leader), for
which it produces the following:

. ID cards, driver's licenses, health cards and voter cards;

. paper and electronic passports, visas, and corporate cards
integrated in major systems.

®@ Trusted service management

Trusted service management (TSM) solutions afford high-security
remote personalization of smart cards for mobile phones and
smartphones, enabling users to download bank applications that
turn the phone into a recognized payment card.

1.3.4.3. DETECTION

Key characteristics of the business sector

This sector covers all solutions for detecting CBRNE (chemical,
biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive) threats and illicit products
such as weapons and drugs. These systems improve security at
airports, in air transport (passenger and freight), at borders (land
and maritime), and at sensitive sites and major events.

Safran's operations in the detection market primarily concern air
transport security; it supplies Explosive Detection Systems (EDS)
for automated hold-luggage inspection, and explosive trace (vapor
or particle) analysis systems for vetting luggage, passengers and
air freight. Safran holds prime expertise in several key technologies,
such as 3D X-ray tomography, X-ray diffraction spectroscopy, ion
mobility spectroscopy, Raman spectroscopy and quadripolar
magnetic resonance. Safran has also extended its portfolio of
technologies to include mass spectrometry, addressing applications
that require very high sensitivity and precision.

Safran is an approved supplier to the US Transportation Security
Administration (TSA) and many airports worldwide. It covers the
detection market primarily through the US company Morpho
Detection, in which Safran acquired a 81% stake from GE in 2009.
In late 2012, Safran took up its option to acquire the remaining
19% of Morpho Detection held by GE, and now owns 100% of
this company.

Safran's main competitors in tomography detection are the US
companies L3 Communication and SAIC/Reveal, and the Chinese
company Nuctec. In trace analysis, Safran has one of the market's
most comprehensive and efficient offerings, its main competitor
being the UK company Smiths.

Group products and programs

1 Detection by X-ray tomography and X-ray diffraction of
explosives and dangerous and illicit substances

This technology is used in automatic detection systems such as
large-diameter luggage tunnels at airports, that check up to 1,000
items per hour. The latest additions to the range, the CTX 5800 and
9800, meet the new European Standard 3. Safran also provides
unique automatic detection solutions combining tomography
and X-ray diffraction, allowing better detection capacity and
considerably reducing the number of false alarms. Safran held a
23% share" of the market for hold-luggage control systems in
2011. Safran is currently developing new solutions for the detection
and identification of liquid and gel explosives in cabin luggage. Initial
field tests are scheduled for 2013.

(1) Source: IHS, The World Market for Explosives, Weapons and Contraband Detection Equipment — 2012 Eaton.

[BEC sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 29 ---

®@ Spectrometry-based detection and analysis of traces of
explosives and dangerous and illicit substances

This kind of equipment (fixed, mobile or even portable) uses ion
mobility spectrometry, mass spectrometry or Raman spectrometry
to detect and identify vapor traces of explosive or illicit substances.
Safran's wide product range addresses a broad spectrum of users!
needs and operational environments. The systems are used by all

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ COMPETITIVE POSITION /

types of security services worldwide (airport passenger control,
civil security, prisons, police, customs, etc.), in border control
applications (air freight, hold luggage, passengers, cabin luggage),
and for protection of sensitive sites (ministries, nuclear power
stations, etc.) and major events (sports tournaments, international
conferences, etc.).

COMPETITIVE POSITION

Safran covers international high-technology markets in aviation,
defence and security.

In all these fields, Safran faces fierce competition both from major
international rivals and niche players on some markets.

The Group makes every effort to ensure compliance with applicable
rules on competitive business practice in all the countries in which
it operates.

Safran operates in a high-technology and high value-added arena.
From aircraft engines and equipment to defence and security
systems, the required technological expertise and reliability must be
second to none, given the highly critical nature of the applications. In
order to achieve this objective, Safran calls on the best knowledge
available in mechanical engineering, aerodynamics, reactive flow
technology, thermodynamics, metal and composite materials,
fuel materials, electronic and electrical engineering, spectrometry,
X-ray imaging, image processing and information processing.
Research and technology (R&T) comprises all studies, research
and technological demonstrations needed to develop expertise
for a given product at the lowest possible risk and cost and within
the shortest possible timeframe.

Further downstream, research and development (R&D) corresponds
to product design, prototype manufacture, development tests
and certification tests showing that the product meets customer
specifications and applicable regulations. To bridge the gap
between R&T and R&D, and accelerate the emergence of new
operations involving innovative concepts, Safran set up an
Innovation Department in 2011. This department covers everything
from technological demonstrations through to market launch.

Research, Technology, Innovation and Development are
fundamental to the implementation of the Group's strategy. The

To mobilize sufficient resources and share the industrial risks
involved in innovative and costly programs, players in the aviation
industry can form partnerships capable of developing new
technologies, products and services. Accordingly, it is not unusual
to find otherwise rival companies joining forces on certain aviation
programs.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

expenditure involved, close to 70% of which is self-financed, totaled
€1.6 billion in 2012, representing almost 12% of revenue. This
commitment reflects the importance given to preparing for the
future and developing new products and programs.

Each Safran Group company is responsible for its own R&T, and
this enables it to concentrate on its own objectives. In tandem,
the Group is constantly working to develop technology synergies.
The bulk of Safran R&T breaks down into seven broad fields, each
covering a range of technological capacities consistent with Group
endeavors. There are around fifty of these technological capacities,
forming the elementary cells for cross-functional skills management,
benchmarking, partnerships and mutualized projects operating
across Safran Group companies. Each technological capacity is
managed by a leader chosen from among the best experts in the
Group.

Safran Group R&T is guided by major challenges, which account
for the bulk of the budget. These challenges are directly related to
the current positions of Safran in its markets and those targeted
in the long-term.

In taking up these challenges, Safran harnesses substantial
resources, to attract the best talent and open rewarding career
opportunities. Over 70% of engineers and managers are recruited
in scientific and technical branches.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 30 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT /

1.5.1 MAJOR TECHNOLOGICAL FOCUSES

1.5.1.1 PROPULSION PERFORMANCE

Propulsion performance objectives and acceptability requirements
for future aircraft engines derive from work carried out by ACARE").
Objectives are set for two dates: 2020 and 2050. For 2020, aircraft
propulsion systems are to cut fuel consumption by 20%, pollutant
emissions by 60% and noise levels by 50%. The Flightpath 2050
publication specifies reductions of 75% in greenhouse-gas
emissions, 90% in NOx and 65% in noise levels by 2050.

Snecma's roadmap for the aircraft propulsion systems of the future
incorporates two technology stages:

. the LEAP turbofan engine, with a very high bypass ratio. For
those modules under Snecma's responsibility in CFM, this
integrates advanced technologies such as a highly innovative
lightweight fan made from composite materials and a high-
efficiency low-pressure turbine. This engine will be available
in 2016 and will bring about major improvements in current
performance levels, particularly in terms of fuel consumption.
It has already been selected for the A320neo as the sole
western propulsion system source for the C919, and the sole
source for the Boeing 737 MAX. R&T work is in progress on
long-term continuous improvement in engine performance;

. the second phase is more ambitiously innovative, in line with
Flightpath 2050, whose objectives require breakthroughs
in engine architecture through developments such as the
open rotor concept and faired architectures with very high
bypass ratios, currently addressed by advanced research
under national and European programs such as the seventh
FPRTD®. Demonstrations will follow under the “Clean Sky”
Joint Technology Initiative.

Helicopter turbine engines are subject to similar imperatives
requiring reductions in fuel consumption and environmental impacts.
Turbomeca has undertaken technology programs along similar
lines to address future market needs. The first concrete example
of this work came with a new 800 kW engine for Eurocopter's
next-generation 4-ton helicopter program, launched in 2011.
Turbomeca also works with customers to produce innovative new
engine integration products, such as hybrid power architecture
concepts in drive systems.

The need to lighten aircraft and helicopters and their equipment
has led to increased use of composite materials. Safran engines
and equipment (whether engines, nacelles, landing gear or brakes)
are characterized by heavy mechanical loads and a more difficult
environment than for other aircraft sections such as airframes.
To develop its composite materials solutions, Safran set up the

(1) ACARE: Advisory Council for Aeronautics Research in Europe.
(2) FPRTD: Framework Program for Research & Technical Development.
(3) REACh: Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals.

(4) SPEC: Safran Power Electronics Center.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Safran Composites Center, with resources and skills in organic
matrix composites. Herakles, the Group's center of competence
for these technologies, provides core expertise in thermostructural
composites for aircraft engines, a major technological challenge
addressed by substantial research efforts. This research, along
with work on new metal alloys, and on high-performance coatings
compliant with European regulations (REACh)®, is coordinated by
the Safran materials and processes department.

LAUNCH VEHICLES AND MISSILES

Research efforts into rocket propulsion, a cutting-edge industry
where technological demands are extremely high, remains a Safran
priority. Following the decisions of the November 2012 conference
of ministers from European Space Agency (ESA) member states,
technological work in this sector is focused on enhanced
performance for the Ariane 5 launch vehicle (with an Ariane 5 ME
version for 2017/2018) and preparation for a forthcoming Ariane 6
launch vehicle, under the space section of the French government's
“Investment for the Future” project, with first flight planned for
2021/2022. The technological scope of these programs extends
to Snecma liquid propulsion and to solid propulsion, now fully
consolidated under Herakles.

Herakles develops new missile propulsion technologies, including
thruster and nozzle body technologies, solid propellant technologies
and innovative thruster architectures. Research focuses include
thrust modulation for tactical missiles, gas valving for interceptors,
and higher-thrust solid propellants with more eco-friendly
compositions.

1.5.12 ELECTRIC AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS

The move continues towards increased use of electrical energy for
aircraft systems and actuators. The movement, which started with
the A380 and Boeing 787 programs, will be a defining characteristic
of the next generation of short-to medium-haul aircraft. Safran must
position its new equipment solutions firmly in this niche and prepare
the technologies that will ensure its products are competitive in
terms of performance, functions and cost.

Safran is involved in several technology programs alongside aircraft
manufacturers in a European or French context. Within the Group,
electric aircraft projects have been launched by the Innovation
Department and by the SPEC"! Center of Excellence, focusing on
power electronics. This work is carried out in close liaison with
aircraft manufacturers: in 2012, for example, Airbus tested a
Sagem-developed electromechanical flight control prototype on an


--- Page 31 ---

A320. Work benefits from numerous academic alliances with around
15 CNRS laboratories, and from technology projects undertaken
with partners at the cutting-edge of electrical engineering in their
sector, such as Alstom, Schlumberger, Schneider and Valeo.
Under a partnership with Honeywell, the Innovation Department is
running the Electric Green Taxiing System project, for developing
a new system that will reduce aircraft fuel consumption during
taxiing. Instead of using the aircraft engines for ground maneuvers,
electrical energy generated by an auxiliary power unit (APU) drives
electric motors in the landing gear wheels.

From 2013, the acquisition of GEPS will further enhance Safran's
capabilities in aircraft electrical systems.

1.5.1.3 AVIONICS

NAVIGATION

Air, land, sea, satellite and weapons navigation markets are
constantly evolving and expanding: the integration of mobile units
into cooperative groups, increasing autonomy requirements, and
‘the required land-onboard continuum via secure links are only a few
drivers of renewed demand and associated technologies. Safran's
approach relies strongly on breakthrough HRG" technology, whose.
characteristics make it possible to design and produce world-
leading navigation equipment and weapons at competitive costs.

ELECTRONIC SOLUTIONS AND CRITICAL SOFTWARE

Because onboard electronic systems for severe environments
are key components of many Safran Group products, the
Safran Electronics division runs ambitious projects on controller
architectures featuring more efficient processors, and on component
packaging capable of withstanding the hotter environments of
future aircraft systems. On systems engineering, Safran is working
on process harmonization: a modern software development
workshop has been set up for group-wide rollout. Safran is one of
Europe's foremost instigators of technological progress in these
fields. For example, it was technical coordinator of the ARTEMIS
joint undertaking's CESAR project, which came to a successful
conclusion in 2012.

1.5.14 SERVICES

Innovation efforts are called for, consistent with the growing
importance of services in the Group's business. Techniques
used to diagnose and forecast the condition of airplane and
helicopter equipment and systems bring value for Safran product

(1) HRG: Hemispherical Resonator Gyros.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT /

users, as regards both operational considerations (optimization
of maintenance), and fleet management support (evaluation of
residual value). To address this need, Safran is developing its
Monitoring Services system for managing fleet equipment operating
data. The new system will initially be rolled out for helicopters.
Information extraction from massive amounts of data (big data) is
a research focus that holds high potential for the development of
new customer services.

1.5.1.5 DEFENCE

OPTRONICS

Optronics needs range from imagers operating in one or more
wavelength bands through to full image processing systems
handling monitoring, detection, identification, fire control and self-
protection. Integrated digital battlefield solutions are developed
using equipment and systems that couple infrared sensor and
light intensification technologies with other functions such as
geolocalization. In infrared sensors the Safran Group offers the
technologies held by Sofradir, its joint venture with Thales. Both
partners transferred their IR detector technologies to Sofradir in
2012, giving it one of the world's most extensive product ranges
in this field.

1.5.1.6 SECURITY

Morpho's leadership position in biometric systems, associated
terminals and identity document systems is maintained through
significant R&T investment in improving biometric data identification
and capture algorithms and in enhancing the performance of anti-
fraud and information protection systems. This yields a capability
to rapidly build, and then operate, large-scale biometric databases
such as that covering the population of India, which has an
enrollment rate topping a million individuals per day. The acquisition
of GE’s Homeland Protection division in 2009 provides Safran with
new development openings in the detection of explosives and other
illicit substances. The new acquisition, renamed Morpho Detection,
has yielded several technological advances, an example being the
detection of liquid explosives by X-ray diffraction. The combination
of high-performance detection systems with biometrics and secure
electronic identity documents gives rise to a new strategic focus
covering identification and flow control for people and goods, a
key growth segment in the coming years, especially in the field of
air transport security.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [ESI


--- Page 32 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT /

1.5.2 SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL PARTNERSHIPS

In implementing its R&T strategy, Safran enjoys the support of its
partners, which provide it with scientific and technological expertise.
Safran thus meets the two prerequisites for success: it identifies
known and latent market needs through customer contact, and it
adopts an open approach to what is an increasingly complex and
multidisciplinary scientific and technological environment.

In 2009, Safran created a scientific council, currently chaired by
Professor Mathias Fink, which comprises seven leading international
scientists bringing proven expertise in all the scientific disciplines
underlying Group businesses. One of the council's main functions
is to issue recommendations on the structure and quality of the
Group's scientific partnerships.

For the first R&T levels, Safran has developed a network of scientific
partners in France in the university and applied research sectors.
ONERA" is a key partner in many fields, such as aerodynamics,
energy and materials. In addition, Safran has long-term partnership.
agreements with 15 laboratories and institutes, and these act as
powerful external research facilities covering several sectors. Most
partnerships with these laboratories are covered by framework
agreements between Safran and the French Center for Scientific
Research (CNRS). In all, Safran supports the work of around
150 PhD students and brings its scientific partners considerable
amounts of annual financial support. Safran is also stepping up its

cooperation with CEA, the French Atomic Energy Commission. In
addition, Safran is a founder member of the French Foundation
for Aerospace Research (FNRAE), a front-line contributor in three
PIA® technological research institute projects, and a major player
in several competitiveness hubs, including System@tic, Aerospace
Valley and ASTech.

Safran plays an active role in European Union bodies and programs.
Since 2008, Safran has been closely involved in establishing the
Clean Sky Joint Technology Initiative, bringing together the leading
players in aviation R&D along with the European Commission in
a demonstration program on airframes, engines and systems.
Safran helped draw up the ACARE SRIA®! roadmap and the aviation
section of the EU H2020 framework program.

Safran takes part in many international cooperative research
initiatives, with university laboratories in Europe, the US, Russia
and Singapore.

The intellectual property related to this work is defined contractually
at the beginning of projects between partners. The general principle
is that the intellectual property belongs to the partners who
performed or co-financed the work, and, at the very least, Safran
receives rights of use in its own field.

1.5.3 INNOVATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Innovation is at the heart of Safran's strategy. The competitiveness
of its products is largely based on the successful integration of
technological innovation or adjustments, providing the customer
with industry-leading performances. Only a few examples are
necessary to demonstrate Safran's ability to produce innovations
which mark a break with existing technology, in sectors as varied
as electric brakes, composite fan blades, hemispheric resonator
gyros and detection of liquid explosives by X-ray diffraction. The
creation of cross-disciplinary teams, capitalizing on the wide range
of expertise available in the Group, offers both an efficient and
high-performance organizational structure. This approach is typified
by the high-potential projects run by the Innovation Department.

The development of technical expertise is also key to preparing for
the technological challenges of tomorrow. A process has been set
up to determine expertise needs within the Group's companies
and thereby plan ahead for renewals and training of new experts.

Intellectual property is of increasing importance amid globalized
markets and ever-fiercer competition. It responds to operational
imperatives, while strengthening and securing Safran's
commercial positions. The creative and innovative ability of teams
is demonstrated by the increasing number of patents filed: over
750 in 2012, which places the Safran Group among the front-
runners in French patents"). Overall, the Group's portfolio comprises
close to 24,000 rights around the world, bolstering its position as
international leader in its areas of business.

(1) ONERA: French National Aerospace Research Office.
(2) PIA: “investment Program for the Future”.
(3) SRIA: Strategic Research & Innovation Agenda

In addition to patent protection, because of Safran's international
reach and extensive partnership involvement, the Group gives great
importance to ensuring close control over technology transfers and
defining precise policy on the matter.

Some transfers are essential for market access reasons.
Technologies for transfer, which do not belong to Safran's core
technology portfolio, must be clearly identified, accurately valued,
and covered by carefully structured long-term partnership
arrangements. Under no circumstances may such partnerships
restrict the Group's capacity for technological differentiation in the
future.

DEPENDENCE

Safran has not identified any dependence on patents, licenses,
industrial, commercial or financial contracts, or new manufacturing
processes likely to have a material impact on the Group.

There are risks of production delays and cost penalties for Safran
in the event of supplier or partner shortcomings, as set out in
section 4.1.3 of this Registration Document (partner and supplier
risks).

(4) Ranked second by the French Industrial Property Institute (INP) at March 27, 2012 (patents filed in 2011).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 33 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENTS /

1.5.4 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURE

Including the portion funded by customers, the total expenditure on
Research, Technology and Development (RTD) was approximately
€1.6 billion in 2012, representing almost 12% of revenue. RTD
operations in France totaled around €1.4 billion, more than 89%
of overall RTD expenditure. Some 69% of RTD expenditure is self-
funded, and can be broken down as follows:

e Aircraft programs (including Silvercrest, LEAP, Airbus A350,
A400M and Boeing 787): 46%;

. Helicopter engines: 5%;

. Security and defence: 14%;
. R&T: 26%;

° Other: 9%.

(in € millions) Le
Not including non-current items" 2011 2012
Total R&D (1,277) (1,594)
External financing 469 491
Self-funded RTD (808) (1,103)
% of revenue 6.9% 8.1%
Research tax credit 121 124
Self-funded RTD after research tax credit (687) (979)
Capitalized expenditure 282 504
R&D amortization/impairment (90) (68)
Impact on operating income (495) (643)
% of revenue 4.2% 4.0%

(1) A provision of €23 milion for loss of value on the GP7200 program was reversed in 2011, this being booked under “Other non-recurring operating income

and expenses’

The significant increase in overall self-funded expenditure
(€295 million, up by 37%) is chiefly explained by closer milestone
intervals on the LEAP engine program, a second Silvercrest
application, work on A350 equipment, and increasing R&T effort,
partially offset by a reduction in expenditure on the A400M and
the Boeing 787.

1.6.1 INDUSTRIAL POLICY

Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure stood at
€68 million in 2012, compared with €90 million in 2011. Depreciation
was nil in 2012, compared with €32 million in 2011.

INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENTS

To offer its many customers tens of thousands of products of the
highest technical caliber every year, Safran pursues a proactive
industrial policy targeting industrial excellence and continuous
innovation.

This policy is rolled out across all the Group's companies. The
Group's Industrial Department oversees effective implementation of
the policy through Group industrial committees and various working
groups on industrial matters, and provides assistance to Group
companies on running their international projects.

As a driving force behind competitive performance, innovation is
central to Safran's industrial development endeavor, which explains
the steady and tightly controlled input of new technologies and
new methods for making new products that meet customers’
expectations.

To shorten new product development cycles, Safran's industrial
development teams work closely with design offices and apply
Group methods and tools for project management and continuous
improvement.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [EES


--- Page 34 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENTS /

To keep in the closest possible touch with end customers, Safran
has developed an international production system based on
industrial hubs covering strategic regions. These centers bring
together the resources of regional suppliers and local Safran
teams responsible for the most delicate operations carried out in
the Group's production facilities.

International development also provides opportunities for Safran's

historic suppliers, who are eager to work with Safran in these
growth markets. Safran has always given great importance to

its suppliers, as a source of innovation, flexibility and economic
competitiveness. The SME Pact to which it is signatory covers
support and development assistance to innovative SMEs.

Safran also gives special attention to the personal development
of its employees. This takes the form of extensive training
opportunities and ready transfer across sites and functions,
enabling each individual to acquire new skills and develop their
talent (see section 5.3).

1.6.2 MAIN INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENTS

Safran's industrial investments totaled €419 million in 2012, up by 19% on 2011. This increase is consistent with expected growth in the

Group's business.

Geographical zone (in € millions)

2011 2012

France 235 255
Europe (excluding France) 18 62
North America 74 69
Asia an 18
Rest of the world 14 15
TOTAL 352 419

France accounted for the bulk of Safran's industrial investments in
2012 (61%), as in previous years.

Two new production facilities were launched in France in 2012:
Snecma's Commercy plant in the Meuse region, which will make
composite parts (blower blades and casings) for the future LEAP,
and Itteville in the Essonne region, Safran's development center for
new composite materials. In 2012, work also began on the Safran
Corporate University in Vilgénis.

Safran's other investments in France continue the policy of previous
years, involving full renovation or modernization of industrial sites
to accommodate production ramp up, and the introduction of
new programs (Labinal at Villemur-sur-Tarn for wiring, Messier-
Bugatti-Dowty at Bidos for titanium landing gear rods), and plant
renewal and modernization at existing sites (machining systems at
Messier-Bugatti-Dowty Molsheim, renovation of presses at Snecma
Gennevilliers, test-cell modernization at Snecma Villaroche, etc.).

There was little change in the level of Safran's investments in North

America in 2012. The main investments here were:

. the modernization and adaptation of the Messier-Bugatti-
Dowty plant, which makes steel enclosures for landing gear
in Canada;

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

. capacity increases to meet market demand, with new wiring
production buildings for Labinal in the US and Mexico, and
new carbon brake stoves for Messier-Bugatti-Dowty's Walton
facility in the US.

The bulk of Safran's increased industrial investment in Europe

(outside France) was for spare CFM56 engines at SES (Shannon

Engine Support, a joint venture with GE). SES renewed part of

its pool of spare engines on lease, to offer latest-generation units

capable of supporting growth in fleet size among CFM customers.

Safran's investments in Asia include new industrial facilities in China
(Aircelle in Xi’an, Labinal in Shanghai) to meet the needs of the
C919 program. Safran also made investments in Malaysia, where
construction work started on a new plant making carbon brakes.


--- Page 35 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ REAL ESTATE AND PRODUCTION PLANTS /

REAL ESTATE AND PRODUCTION PLANTS

Safran's registered office is located in Paris, France. Headcount was selected as a consistent common indicator of
The Group carries out its activities at research, production and _Scale, given the production, research, development and technical
maintenance centers based at 250 maior industrial sites worldwide. support activities of the Group. Production capacity for the latter
The table below lists the Group's main sites in terms of either scale two activities is also based on the number of employees, since the
or geographic location. concept of utilization rates is not deemed relevant.
Headcount
as of
Company Site Activity Dec. 31,2012 Occupancy
FRANCE
Safran Paris 15 Registered office and combined activities 940 oO
Snecma Evry/Corbeil Machining and assembly of aviation parts, sales 2,874 °
and marketing of military engines
Snecma Gennevilliers Forging, casting and machining of aircraft parts 1,446 oO
Snecma Vernon Design and production of rocket engines. 1,045 oO
Snecma Villaroche Design, assembly and testing of jet engines, sales 3,954 oO
and marketing of commercial engines
Snecma Montereau/Melun Customer services 561 T
Snecma Chatellerault Maintenance of military engines, parts, devices 685
and commercial engines
Snecma Saint-Quentin-en- Commercial engine MRO (maintenance, repair 687 oO
Yvelines and operations)
Snecma Le Creusot Machining of turbine disks 199
Société de Motorisation Bourges Registered office, design, production and sale of 63 T
Aéronautique (SMA) light aviation aircraft engines
Herakles'” Le Haillan Registered office, propellant-based propulsion for 1,299 oO
Ariane and missiles, thermostructural composites
Herakles'” Saint-Médard-en- Production of solid propellants 734 oO
Jalles
Herakles'” Vert-le-Petit Design, development and production of energetic 208 oO
materials
Herakles'” Toulouse Production of raw materials for space chemistry 81 oO
Turbomeca Bordes Registered office, design, manufacture and 2,565 OandFL
testing of gas turbines
Turbomeca Tarnos Production of mechanical components and 1,500 oO
maintenance of helicopter engines
Turbomeca Buchelay Production of hydromechanical parts and 330 oO
subsystems for the aviation industry
Microturbo: Toulouse Manufacture of low-power turbines 485 oO
Aircelle Le Havre/Gonfreville Design and production of nacelles and thrust 1,510 oO
reversers
Hispano-Suiza Colombes. Registered office and research and production 741 oO
center for power transmission systems
Labinal Blagnac Registered office, engineering 189
Labinal Blagnac Assembly, installation, maintenance 350 T

(O: Owner —T: Tenant - FL: Finance lease) ;
(1) On May 1, 2012, Safran finalized the merger of its two SME subsidiaries (SNPE Matériaux Energétiques) and SPS (Snecma Propulsion Solid) to form Herakles, world
number two in solid propulsion.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 36 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

/ REAL ESTATE AND PRODUCTION PLANTS /

Headcount
as of

Company Site Dec. 31,2012 Occupancy

Labinal Villemur-sur-Tarn Production of aircraft wiring 539 fe)

Messier-Bugatti-Dowty — Molsheim Production of wheels, brakes and hydraulic 885 °
systems. Landing gear repair and maintenance

Messier-Bugatti-Dowty — Vélizy-Villacoublay Registered office, design and testing of brake 1,113 °
systems and landing gear

Messier-Bugatti-Dowty Villeurbanne Production, research and development of carbon 192 fe)
brakes

Messier-Bugatti-Dowty — Bidos/Oloron-Sainte- Production of landing gear 840 °

Marie

Safran Engineering Montigny-le- Engineering 594 T

Services Bretonneux

Safran Engineering Toulouse Registered office, services 398 T

Services

Sagem Paris 15 Registered office 386 fe)

Sagem Fougeéres Electronic subcontracting 657 fe)

Sagem Argenteuil R&D 590 fe)

Sagem Eragny R&D 573 (e)

Sagem Massy Manufacturing of optoelectronic and aviation 1,749 FLandT
systems. Electronic regulation and control
systems

Sagem Montlugon Domerat Mechanical, optics and electronics manufacture 1,180 fe)
and systems integration

Sagem Poitiers Manufacture of optoelectronic equipment 480 fe)

Sagem Dijon Manufacture of optical and optoelectronic 270 °
equipment

Sagem Mantes-la-Jolie Manufacture of aircraft equipment 272 fe)

Morpho Issy-les-Moulineaux Registered office, administrative and commercial 392 T
center

Morpho Osny R&D 634 fe)

EUROPE (EXCLUDING FRANCE)

Aleat Tirana Albania Manufacture and distribution of ID documents 271 T

Labinal GmbH Hamburg Germany Engineering, assembly, installation and 308 T
maintenance

Morpho Cards GmbH __Flintbek and Germany Research, manufacture and sale of smart cards 553 T

Paderborn

Sagem Navigation Murr Germany R&D, production 85 T

GmbH

Techspace Aero Herstal (Milmort) Belgium Registered office, aviation and aerospace 1,250 fe)
production, test cell design and jet engine testing

Aircelle Ltd Burnley United Production of nacelles and thrust reversers 739 fe)

Kingdom,
Messier-Dowty Ltd Gloucester United Research, testing, engineering and production of 886 °
Kingdom landing gear

Morpho B.V. Haarlem Netherlands — Production, customization and sale of cards, ID 327 T
and security documents and related products

Hispano-Suiza Polska  Sedziszow Poland Production of mechanical parts for Safran Group 478 fe)

sp. ZOO Malopolski companies.

Orga Zelenograd Smart Moscow Russia Research, manufacture and sale of smart cards 103 fe)

Cards and Systems,

Z.a.0.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 37 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ REAL ESTATE AND PRODUCTION PLANTS /

Headcount
as of
Company Site Activity Dec. 31,2012 Occupancy
(O: Owner ~ T: Tenant ~ FL: Finance lease)
Smartinvest 0.0.0.and | Moscow Russia Holding company, research 17 T
Smartec 2.4.0.
Vectronix Heerbrugg Switzerland — Research and manufacture of optronics defence 252 T
products
NORTH AMERICA
Messier-Dowty, Inc. Montreal Canada Production of landing gear 255 oO
Messier-Dowty, Inc. Toronto Canada Production and maintenance of landing gear 574 oO
Safran Electronics Peterborough Canada R&D, customer support and production of aircraft 111 T
Canada, Inc. equipment
Turbomeca Canada, Mirabel Canada Gas turbine and aircraft equipment MRO, and 55 oO
Inc. work on helicopters
Advanced Components Fort Myers United States Design and production of reservoirs for aerospace 30 oO
International applications
Aerosource Sommerset United States Repair and maintenance of aircraft parts 45 T
Cenco Inc. Minneapolis United States Test cell engineering 60 T
Globe Motors, Inc. Dothan United States Electric engines 188 oO
Labinal Inc. Denton United States Production of aircraft wiring 700 T
Labinal Inc. Everett United States Engineering 172 T
Labinal Salisbury Inc. Salisbury United States Production of aircraft wiring 882 oO
Messier-Bugatti USA Walton United States Production of carbon brakes, R&D 222 FL
Morpho Detection, Inc. Newark/ Wilmington United States Research, manufacture and sale of systems 304 T
and products for detecting dangerous and illicit
substances
MorphoTrak Anaheim/Tacoma United States Research, sale and technical support of identity 271 T
products and services
MorphoTrust Billerica United States Research, sale and technical support of identity 1,236 T
products and services
Optics 1, Inc. Manchester United States R&D and production of opto-mechanical and 51 T
electro-optical systems
Sagem Avionics, Inc. Grand Prairie United States Marketing and customer support for aircraft 90 T
product lines
Turbomeca Monroe United States Production of helicopter engine parts 125 oO
Manufacturing Inc.
Turbomeca USA Inc. Grand Prairie United States Maintenance of delivered engines and delivery of 370 oO
spare parts
Vectronix, Inc. Leesburg United States Marketing of observation and localization systems 65 T
and equipment
Labinal de Mexico Chihuahua. Mexico Production of aircraft wiring, engineering 3,208
Messier-Dowty Mexico  Querétaro Mexico Production of landing gear 204
Messier Services Querétaro Mexico Landing gear MRO 189 T
Americas
Morpho Mexico. Mexico Sale of biometric devices 36
Snecma America Querétaro Mexico Commercial engine MRO (maintenance, repair 149
Engine Services. and operations)
(SAMES)
Snecma Mexico Querétaro Mexico Production of commercial engine parts 239 T

(O: Owner  T: Tenant - FL: Finance lease)

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [EVAN


--- Page 38 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ REAL ESTATE AND PRODUCTION PLANTS /

Headcount
as of
Company Site Dec. 31,2012 Occupancy
SOUTH AMERICA
Morpho Cards do Brasil Taubate/Sao Paulo Brazil Research, manufacture and sale of smart cards 635 T
SA
Turbomeca do Brasil Rio de Janeiro Brazil Design, manufacture, purchase-sale and 215 fe)
Industria e Comercio maintenance of turbo engines
Lda
Morpho Bogota Colombia Local adaptation of government solution software 119 T
and hardware

Morpho Valores Bogota Colombia Manufacture and sale of smart cards 61 T
Plasticar
AFRICA AND THE MIDDLE EAST
Morpho South Africa Rivonia South Africa Sale of biometric devices 38 T
Pty Ltd (Johannesburg)
Turbomeca Africa Stanton South Africa Production and repair of helicopter engines 239 T
Morpho Abu Dhabi UAE Sale of biometric devices 79 T
Aircelle Maroc Casablanca Morocco, Construction of composite parts for engines 512 T
Labinal Maroc Temara/Ain Atiq Morocco, Production of aircraft wiring 1,102 FL
Safran Engineering Casablanca Morocco, Automobile and aeronautical engineering 124 FL
Services Morocco.
Sagem Sécurité Maroc Casablanca Morocco, Software development 150 T
Snecma Morocco Casablanca Morocco, Commercial engine MRO 179 T
Engine Services
ASIA AND OCEANIA
Morpho Australasia Sydney Australia Sale and maintenance of Morpho products 54 T
Pty Ltd
Turbomeca Australasia Sydney Australia Support and production of turbine engines 123 T
Messier-Dowty Suzhou Suzhou China Production of landing gear 368
Co, Ltd
Snecma Suzhou Co, Suzhou China Manufacture and assembly of engine modules 300 fe)
Ltd
Snecma Xinyi Airfoil Guiyang China Aircraft parts foundry 129 fe)
Castings Co Ltd
Smart Chip Ltd Syscom Noida/New Delhi India Research, manufacture and sale of smart cards 901 fe)
Corporation Ltd
Safran Engineering Bangalore India Automobile and aeronautical engineering 547 T
Services India
Messier Services Asia Singapore Singapore Landing gear repair 318 fe)
Pte Ltd
Cassis International Singapore Singapore ‘Trusted service management” 26 T
Pte Ltd
Morpho Cards Singapore Singapore Sale of smart cards 45 T

(Singapore) Pte, Ltd

(O: Owner ~ T: Tenant - FL: Finance lease)
(1) Tiusted services management enables mobile network operators and service providers to manage and implement authentication solutions on mobile devices, for secure
applications such as banking services, transport and physical access to secure sites.

Environmental factors likely to influence the Group's use of its property, plant and equipment are presented in section 5.4.3. The Group
has drafted Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) guidelines which enable it to assess the compliance of its property, plant and equipment
and operations with HSE regulations. It also regularly conducts self-assessments and audits.

[BEES sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 39 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ SAFRAN GROUP PURCHASING STRATEGY /

SAFRAN GROUP PURCHASING STRATEGY

Safran constantly strives to pursue a purchasing policy consistent
with its objectives of excellence and competitive performance, and
with its sustainable development policy. Supplier input accounts for
‘the majority of its development and production costs. Suppliers’
strategy, performance (cost, quality, delivery times), know-how,
technological innovation and capacity to tackle sustainable
development issues must match Safran's current and future needs.
This is a determining factor in the Group's capacity to reach its
goals.

Safran's purchasing policy seeks to concentrate business with
suppliers that meet these demands, that comply with the specific
rules applicable to the Aerospace, Defence and Security markets,
and that are prepared to commit to long-term undertakings with
Safran on a mutually profitable basis.

The policy has four main objectives:
. to build a supplier panel that:
- enables Safran to meet its current needs and plan
ahead as regards the international development of each
Group company in targeted geographic areas, and to
ensure secure sourcing for strategic purchases,
- enables Safran to roll out its sustainable development
policy upstream through the supply chain;
. to involve suppliers early on in the Group's development
programs so that they can meet all customer demands,
allowing them to propose innovations and harness the full

extent of their know-how on obtaining the best possible
cost and performance for Safran Group products, and
full compliance with health, safety and environmental
requirements;

. to promote common procedures, management tools and
metrics across all Safran Group companies to improve
operating modes and performance with suppliers;

. to support key suppliers on measures to adapt their
organizations and industrial configurations to Safran Group
expectations and shifts in market demand.

The application of Safran's purchasing policy is fully consistent with
its sustainable development policy.

Logistics chain players involved in the application of the purchasing
policy comply with the Safran Group's ethics charter.

The rollout of the policy requires close cooperation among Group
companies, a Safran purchasing network and culture, tight
coordination among all Group players in contact with suppliers, and
involvement of the purchasing team in all product life-cycle phases.

To help suppliers plan and finance their operations more efficiently,
Safran Group companies have taken up GIFAS recommendations,
which give suppliers more flexibility on delivery scheduling.
Specifically, the firm order period has been extended to six months
on a sliding basis. Safran has also improved its demand visibility by
extending the flexibility period.

SAFRAN QUALITY PERFORMANCE AND POLICY

Safran pursues an ambitious quality policy backed by a strong
continuous progress ethic, seeking to satisfy all its customers by
offering them the best products and services available anywhere
in the world.

Safran's quality policy operates synergetically across all Group
companies; performance targets are identified and priority actions
determined to achieve an optimally efficient response as regards
quality and customer satisfaction. Group-wide methods and tools
are used, derived from pooled experience and best practices
across all Group companies.

The quality policy is rooted in Safran Group values and is rolled out
consistent with the Safran+ plan.

Safran seeks to be recognized by all its customers as an exemplary
supplier and partner. To achieve this goal, it implements a series of
progress-oriented measures:

. continuous improvement in product and service quality,

based on objective measurement and a shared vision of
customer satisfaction;

. close attention to program management and design quality,
as evidenced by group-wide rollout of a single program
management standard targeting performance and risk
control;

. structured, coordinated action with internal and supply-chain
players, to ensure supplier delivery performance and support
supplier development under conditions of strong growth in
volumes;

. improved process robustness and optimized production
flows, backed by tougher error-avoidance systems.

These measures yielded a rise in delivered product quality in 2012,

meeting the target of a 20% increase in quality performance.

Several major customers expressed their appreciation for the result

obtained.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 40 ---

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ SAFRAN+ PROGRESS INITIATIVE /

The aim for 2013 is to pursue the program and further improve

results, with three key priorities:

. further improvements in customer satisfaction, in line with
Safran's ambition to be its customers’ top-ranking supplier
and partner;

. improvements in supplier performance, a prerequisite for
raising Safran's own performance level;

. tighter control over development quality (especially important
given the extent and importance of developments under way)
by taking account of lessons learned to ensure projects are
fully mature on operational release.

SAFRAN+ PROGRESS INITIATIVE

The Safran+ continuous progress and modernization initiative was
launched in 2009 with the aim of driving continuous performance
improvements throughout the Group. In order to achieve this,
Safran+ has defined key areas for progress, set targets and
developed a specific approach.

Safran+ is a centralized initiative, featuring its own network, and
deployed within all of the Group's entities. This structure allows for
an array of improvement initiatives, either created by the Group
and applicable to all of its companies, or created by the companies
themselves for their own internal use.

Most of these initiatives involve ongoing improvement, but five
ground-breaking projects have also been put forward by the Group.
These involve:

. the upgrade of management processes (geared towards
support functions);

. decreased working capital requirement;
. control over production purchases;
. the optimization of the upstream supply chain;

. increased effectiveness of development, research and
engineering programs.

They are joined by two permanent, cross-Group initiatives:

. interactive innovation initiatives offering employees the
possibility to improve the Company through their sector;

. the use of the Lean Sigma” approach to train Green and
Black Belts, professional drivers of Group change, acting in
a structured and standardized manner.

Most projects can be measured and target at least one of the
following three objectives:

. higher operating profit;
. lower working capital requirements;
. lower EUR/USD exchange rate risk.

For each of these initiatives, the Group's strategy helps define an
annual objective per company.

Work toward these objectives is monitored by means of two
complementary approaches:

. upstream, managers assess the direct progress of

actions using project-relevant operational indicators, from
identification through to fulfillment;

(1) Lean Sigma: Continuous performance improvement and waste elimination process.

[BZD sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

. downstream, key management indicators are applied to
compare expected against actual performance achieved by
the company during the year (e.g., production cost indexes,
lead part cycles, etc.).

The managers concerned report on progress to Safran executive
management at two reviews carried out at two different sites per
company.

©) 2012 pRoGRESS PLANS

The savings achieved in 2012 break down as follows:

/Interal share
Non-productin costs of production cost
aa
Sale development
-
Sourced share
intotal production costs

We note the following progress plan highlights in 2012:

. a group-wide Purchasing Specification project was launched
to pull on the purchasing performance lever and gear up
power of the Safran Purchasing Shared Services Centres;

. Safran pushed ahead with its project on modernizing
management, begun in 2009. All support functions are now
pooled group-wide: non-production purchasing, payroll,
recruitment, training, finance, communications, information
systems, health-safety-environment. From 2013 they will
gradually be transferred to a single building accommodating
Safran's Shared Services Centres;

. Safran's Interactive Innovation scheme generated more than
34,000 applicable ideas from personnel;


--- Page 41 ---

an operational coordination program was begun to steer
supplier performance. Rollout of cooperative actions with
suppliers using the Lean Sigma method was stepped up;

a global supply chain initiative gave rise to a joint approach
on processes, with definition of supply chain functions to
improve scheduling of operations both internally and at
supplier sites;

the purchasing function matured, promoting group-wide
convergence of multiple processes and coordination of joint
purchasing operations;

(1) Responsible for setting up Lean Sigma methods.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP.
/ SAFRAN+ PROGRESS INITIATIVE /

a group-wide standard was drawn up under the R&D progress
initiative, setting out basic principles for R&D performance
as regards development excellence in leadtimes, quality and
cost;

lean Sigma practices were stepped up, with group-wide
personnel education campaigns. In addition, more than 1,000
Green Belts"! and Black Belts" were trained, and eleven new
Master Black Belts" certified.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 42 ---

REVIEW OF
OPERATIONS IN 2012
AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013

2.1 COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE

IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA 44
2.1.1 Reconciliation of consolidated data with adjusted data 44
2.1.2 Overview of the Group’s performance in 2012 46
2.1.3 Adjusted key figures by business 48
2.2 COMMENTS ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 60
2.2.1 Consolidated income statement 60
2.2.2 Simplified consolidated balance sheet
at December 31, 2012 61
2.2.3 Change in net debt 62
2.3. COMMENTS ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 63
2.3.1 Safran SA income statement 63
2.3.2 Safran SA simplified balance sheet at December 31,2012 64
2.3.3 Information concerning supplier payment periods 64
2.4 OUTLOOK FOR 2013 65

2.5 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 65


--- Page 43 ---

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS IN 2012

AEROSPACE PROPULSION

° CFM56 engine deliveries increased 7.5% to 1,406 units in 2012 versus
1,308 in 2011

. New orders and purchase commitments for 1,096 LEAP engines and
898 CFMS56 engines in 2012;

° Almost 10,000 CFM56 and LEAP engines in the backlog (firm orders
and commitments), representing around seven years of production;

. Silvercrest engine chosen by Cessna to power its new Citation
Longitude business jet;

. 924 helicopter engines delivered, up from 922 in 2011;

. Creation of Herakles by the merger of Snecma Propulsion Solide (SPS)
and SNPE Matériaux Energétiques (SME), integrating the development
and production of solid propulsion engines with the development and
production of solid propellants.

AIRCRAFT EQUIPMENT

. Continued ramp-up of production under new programs, notably for
the Boeing 787 and the Airbus A380 and A330;

° Final agreement signed for the acquisition of Goodrich Electrical Power
Systems (GEPS), which will lead to the creation of a world leader in
aerospace electrical power.

DEFENCE

° Ongoing deliveries to the French Armed Forces of Felin infantry combat
protection systems, with ten regiments now fitted out;

. Creation of Optrolead, a 50-50 joint venture with Thales in the
optronics field. Optrolead will market and sell future-generation
optronics systems, chiefly for armed forces:

. Additional shares acquired in Sofradir, a leading player in infrared
detection, within the scope of the partnership with Thales.

SECURITY

. Safran selected by the Chilean government to produce and manage
ID documentation in the country;

. Acquisition of General Electric's residual 19% stake in Morpho.
Detection Inc. (MDI);

. Completion of several other selective acquisitions, including Cassis
International, a leading trusted service management (TSM) specialist,
and the European subsidiaries of the American Banknote group,
specializing in the production and customization of bank cards.

2012 ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES

Aerospace Aircraft Holding co.
Propulsion Equipment Defence Security and other Total

(in € millions) 2011 | 2012] 2011 | 2012 | 2011 | 2012 | 2011 | 2012 | 2011 } 2012 | 2011 | 2012 |

Revenue 6,110 7,005 3,097 3,691 1,264 1,315 1,249 1,546 16 3 11,736 13,560

Recurring operating income 909 1,099 202 287 58 81 139 145 (119) (141) 1,189 1,471
(loss)

Profit (loss) from operations 931 1,100 202 271 51 81 116 120 (140) (151) 1,160 1,421
Free cash flow" 692 464 (19) 38 (80) 13 (61) 1 10) 38 532 564

Acquisitions of property, plant 132 168 112 140 58 47 42 46 8 18 352 419
and equipment

Self-funded R&D. 420 649 159 213 118 117 111 124 N/A N/A 808 1,103
Headcount® 22,065 23,271 21,543 22,874 6,587 7,182 7,530 7,727 2,080 1,504 59,805 62,558

(1) Free cash flow is equal to cash flow from operating activities less changes in working capital and acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.
(2) Headcount at December 31

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 44 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE
IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA

2.1.1 RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED DATA

WITH ADJUSTED DATA

FOREWORD

To reflect the Group's actual economic performance and enable
it to be monitored and benchmarked against competitors, Safran
prepares an adjusted income statement alongside its consolidated
financial statements.

Readers are reminded that Safran:

. is the result of the May 11, 2005 merger of the Sagem
and Snecma groups, accounted for in accordance with
IFRS 3, Business Combinations, in its consolidated financial
statements;

. recognizes, as of July 1, 2005, all changes in the fair value
of its foreign currency derivatives in “Financial income (loss)”,
in accordance with the provisions of IAS 39 applicable
to transactions not qualifying for hedge accounting
(see section 3.1, “Accounting policies”, Note 1.F).

Accordingly, Safran’s consolidated income statement has been
adjusted for the impact of:

. purchase price allocations with respect to business
combinations. Since 2005, this restatement concerns the

[BEI sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

amortization charged against intangible assets relating to
aircraft programs revalued at the time of the Sagem-Snecma
merger. With effect from the 2010 interim consolidated
financial statements, the Group decided to restate the impact
of purchase price allocations for all business combinations. In
particular, this concerns the amortization of intangible assets
recognized at the time of the acquisition and amortized over
extended periods due to the length of the Group's business
cycles;

the mark-to-market of foreign currency derivatives, in order to

better reflect the economic substance of the Group's overall
foreign currency risk hedging strategy:

- revenue net of purchases denominated in foreign
currencies is measured using the effective hedging rate,
i.e., including the costs of the hedging strategy, and

- all mark-to-market changes on outstanding hedging
instruments at the closing date are neutralized.


--- Page 45 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

RECONCILIATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
WITH THE ADJUSTED INCOME STATEMENT

The impact of these adjustments on income statement items is as follows:

Currency hedging Business combinations

Amortization
of intangible
2012 Deferred assets from PPA impacts — 2012
CVE Ch) Remeasurement hedging Sagem-Snecma other business adjusted
(in € millions) data of revenue” gain (loss)” merger® combinations data
Revenue 13,615 (55) - - - 13,560
Other recurring operating income
and expenses (12,345) - 3 156 97 (12,089)
Recurring operating income 1,270 (55) 3 156 97 1,471
Other non-recurring operating income
and expenses (56) : - - 6 (50)
Profit from operations 1,214 (55) 3 156 103 1,421
Cost of debt (64) - - - - (64)
Foreign exchange gains 709 55 (742) - - 22
Other financial income and expense (120) - - - - (120)
Financial income (loss) 535, 55. (742) - - (152)
Share in profit from associates 19 - - - - 19
Income tax expense (442) - 270 (64) (37) (263)
Profit from continuing operations 1,326 - (469) 102 66 1,025

Profit from discontinued operations - - - - - -

Profit (loss) for the period attributable
to non-controlling interests (24) 1 (3) - (26)

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS
OF THE PARENT 1,302 - (468) 99 66 999

(1) Remeasurement of foreign-currency denominated revenue net of purchases (by currency) at the hedged rate (incluaing premiums on unwound options) through
the reclassification of changes in the fair value of instruments hedging cash flows for the period.

(2) Changes in the fair value of instruments hedging future cash flows deferred until the instruments are unwound, representing a negative amount of €742 million
excluding tax, and the impact of including hedges in the measurement of provisions for losses to completion (€3 million).

(3) Cancelation of amortization/impairment of intangible assets relating to the remeasurement of aircraft programs resulting from the application of IFRS 3 to the
Sagem-Snecma merger.

(4) Cancelation of depreciation/amortization/impairment of assets identified at the time of recent acquisitions.

Readers are reminded that only the consolidated financial Adjusted financial data other than the data provided in Note 4,
statements set out in section 3.1 of this document are audited “Segment information” in section 3.1 are subject to the verification
by the Group’s Statutory Auditors. The consolidated financial procedures applicable to all of the information provided in this
statements include the revenue and operating profit indicators set report.

out in the adjusted data in Note 4, “Segment information”.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [IZES


--- Page 46 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013

/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

2.1.2 OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012

ADJUSTED INCOME STATEMENT

(in € millions) Adjusted data Adjusted data
Revenue 11,736 13,560
Other income 216 209
Income from operations 11,952 13,769
Change in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress 134 340
Capitalized production 371 642
Raw materials and consumables used (6,836) (8,226)
Personnel costs (3,808) (4,205)
Taxes (235) (270)
Depreciation, amortization, and increase in provisions, net of use (342) (874)
Asset impairment (62) (26)
Other recurring operating income and expenses 15 21
Recurring operating income 1,189 1,471
Other non-recurring operating income and expenses (29) (50)
Profit from operations 1,160 1,421
Cost of net debt (42) (64)
Foreign exchange gains (losses) (46) 22
Other financial income and expense (127) (120)
Financial loss (215) (152)
Share in profit from associates 10 19
Profit before tax 955 1,288
Income tax expense (289) (263)
Profit from continuing operations 666 1,025
Profit from discontinued operations 3 -
PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 669 1,025
Attributable to:

* owners of the parent 644 999
* non-controlling interests 25 26
Earnings per share attributable to owners of the parent (in €)

Basic earnings per share 1.59 2.41
Diluted earnings per share 1.58 2.40
Earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to owners

of the parent (in €)

Basic earnings per share 1.58 2.41
Diluted earnings per share 1.57 2.40
Earnings per share from discontinued operations attributable to owners

of the parent (in €

Basic earnings per share 0.01 -
Diluted earnings per share 0.01 -

[EZ sarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 47 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

ADJUSTED REVENUE

For full-year 2012, Safran’s revenue was €13,560 million, a
15.5% year-on-year increase (8.6% organic growth), compared to
€11,736 million in 2011.

Full-year 2012 revenue increased by €1,824 million on a reported
basis, notably highlighting the performance in Aerospace and
Security. On an organic basis, revenue increased by €1,009 million
with higher Aerospace original equipment volumes, improving civil
aftermarket trends, resilience in the Defence business (avionics)
and momentum in Security (biometric identification, e-documents).

ADJUSTED RECURRING OPERATING INCOME

For full-year 2012, Safran's recurring operating income was
€1,471 million, or 10.8% of revenue, up 23.7% compared to
€1,189 million (10.1% of revenue) in full-year 2011. After taking into
account the positive currency impact (€131 million) and the impact
of acquisitions and newly consolidated activities (€23 million), the
organic year-on-year improvement was €128 million, or 10.8%.
This also includes a negative €29 million impact due to a higher
rate (announced in August 2012) in social contributions payable
on employee profit sharing.

The improvement was primarily driven by the Aerospace Propulsion
and Aircraft Equipment activities, which saw solid OEM growth and
positive trends in the civil aftermarket, as well as by a turnaround
of avionics in Defence.

(in € millions) 2011
Recurring operating income 1,189 1,471
% of revenue 10.1% 10.8%
Total non-recurring items (29) (50)
Capital gain on disposals - 1
Impairment reversal (charge) 23 (1)
Other unusual and material non-operating items (2) (60)
PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS 1,160 1,421
% of revenue 9.9% 10.5%

ADJUSTED PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS

Adjusted profit from operations climbed 22.5% to €1,421 million
versus €1,160 million in 2011. Non-recurring items represented an
expense of €50 million during full-year 2012, of which €34 million
of acquisition and integration costs mainly related to MorphoTrust,
as well as a net expense of €16 million related to our customer
Hawker Beechcraft, which had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection in May 2012.

ADJUSTED FINANCIAL INCOME (LOSS)

The Group reported an adjusted financial loss of €152 million in
2012, compared to loss of €215 million in 2011. The financial loss
chiefly reflects the cost of net debt, which was up slightly year-on-
year, to €54 million from €42 million in 2011. The financial loss also
includes the cost of unwinding discounts on certain assets and
liabilities (mainly provisions and repayable advances), as well as.
the impact of any changes in the discount rate used, particularly
to calculate provisions. The cumulative impact of these non-cash
items was an expense of €90 million in 2012 and an expense of
€69 million in 2011. The interest cost on post-employment benefit
obligations amounted to €21 million in 2012 versus €17 million
in 2011.

ADJUSTED INCOME TAX EXPENSE

The adjusted income tax expense for the year fell from €289 million
in 2011 to €263 million in 2012, largely due to the change in mix of
tax rates applicable in countries where the Group does business.
The Group's tax expense includes the favorable impact of the
absorption by Safran of subsidiaries which had been involved in
loss making activities divested several years ago.

ADJUSTED PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS
OF THE PARENT

Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent grew by 55%
year-on-year. It was €999 million or €2.41 per share, compared
to €644 million (€1.59 per share) in full-year 2011. In addition to
the rise in recurring operating income, this improved performance
includes:

. net financial expense of €152 million, including cost of debt
of €54 million;

. tax expense of €263 million.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [ZU


--- Page 48 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

2.1.3, ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES BY BUSINESS

SUMMARY OF ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES BY BUSINESS
The backlog grew 13% to €48.5 billion in 2012 compared to €43.0 billion last year.

Aerospace Aircraft Holding co.

Propulsion Equipment Defence Security and other Total
(in € millions) 2011 | 2012] 2011 MEE 2011 E2011 } 2012 2011 ] 2012] 2011 WPTE
Backlog" 24,490 29,879 14,469 14,467 2,704 2,380 1,334 1,787 N/A N/A 42,997 48,463
Orders recorded during the 13,713 11,516 4,642 3,539 1,120 1,142 1,320 1,862 N/A N/A 20,795 18,058
year”!
Revenue 6,110 7,005 3,097 3,691 1,264 1,315 1,249 1,546 16 3 11,736 13,560
Recurring operating income 909 1,099 202 287 58 81 139 145 (119) (141) 1,189 1,471
(loss)
Profit (loss) from operations 931 1,100 202 271 51 81 116 120 (140) (151) 1,160 1,421
Free cash flow®) 692 464 (19) 38 (80) 13 (61) 1 0 38 532 564
Acquisitions of property, plant 132 168 112 140 58 47 42 46 8 18 352 419
and equipment
Self-funded R&D. 420 649 159 213 118 7 4 124 N/A N/A 808 1,103
Headcount 22,065 23,271 21,543 22,874 6,587 7,182 7,530 7,727 2,080 1,504 59,805 62,558

(1) The backlog corresponds to orders recorded and not yet recognized in revenue.

(2) Orders recorded represent orders received during the year.

(3) Free cash flow is equal to cash flow from operating activities less changes in working capital and acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets.

(4) Headcount at December 31

2.1.3.1 AEROSPACE PROPULSION

ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES
2011
Quantities delivered
CFM656 engines 1,308 1,406 7%
Helicopter turbine engines 922 924 -
(in € millions)
Backlog 24,490 29,879 22%
Orders recorded during the year 13,713 11,516 -16%
Revenue 6,110 7,005 15%
Recurring operating income 909 1,099 21%
Profit from operations 931 1,100 18%
Free cash flow 692 464 -33%
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 132 168 27%
Research and development
Self-funded R&D (420) (649) 55%
% of revenue 6.9% 9.3% +2.4 pts
Research tax credit 47 47 -
Self-funded R&D after research tax credit (373) (602) 62%
Capitalized expenditure 161 342 112%
Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure (26) (25) -4%
Impact on profit from operations (238) (285) 20%
% of revenue 3.9% 4.1% +0.2 pts

Headcount"? 22,065 23,271 5%

(1) Headcount at December 31

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 49 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

Aerospace Propulsion activities can be split into four key sectors that contribute to business line revenue as follows:

% of business line revenue

Civil aviation 60% 61%
Military aviation 11% 11%
Helicopter turbine engines 17% 16%
Ballistics and space 12% 12%

REVIEW OF AEROSPACE PROPULSION OPERATIONS
IN 2012

Full-year 2012 revenue grew by 15% to €7,005 million, or 9.2%
on an organic basis, compared to revenue of €6,110 million in the
year-ago period. Revenue evolution resulted from a strong rise
in civil OEM deliveries, with CFM56 reaching record production
rates, and solid trends in the aftermarket for CFM56 engines
and helicopter turbines. CFM56 engine deliveries amounted to
1,406 units, 98 units more than in 2011. Total CFM56 and LEAP
orders and commitments now stand at 9,943 engines, about seven
years of production at current rates. Excluding the contribution of
newly acquired SNPE Matériaux Energétiques (SME), space and
missile propulsion revenue was flat in the year.

On a full-year 2012 basis, civil aftermarket revenue grew by 9.4%
in USD terms, driven by first overhauls of recent CFM56 engines.
Overall service revenue in Aerospace Propulsion grew by 9.9% in
euro terms. The strength of the helicopter engines maintenance
activity also contributed to service revenue growth. In contrast, that
related to the military engines aftermarket reported lower revenue
due to a high comparison base.

Full-year 2012 recurring operating income was €1,099 million
(15.7% of revenue), up 21% compared to €909 million in the
year-ago period (14.9% of revenue). This improvement resulted
from healthy activity in the civil aftermarket and helicopter engines
maintenance, as well as from increased volume on all military and
commercial OEM engines. Profits were also driven by significant
productivity gains from the transverse Safran+ cost reduction
program. R&D expenses grew, primarily on LEAP and Silvercrest
engines development. Currency hedging had a positive impact on
profitability.

The 12-month contribution of SME was €273 million in revenue and
€24 million (8.8% of sales) in recurring operating income.

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Civil aviation

® Low-thrust engines for civil aircraft
(regional and business jets)

SaM146 (13,500 - 17,800 pounds of thrust)

The SaM146 engine, developed in partnership with Russian engine
manufacturer NPO Saturn and with the participation of Italian
engine manufacturer Avio, was certified by the European Aviation
Safety Agency and by its Russian counterpart in 2010. The SaM146
engine has clocked up more than 30,000 flying hours. The SaM146

is used in the Sukhoi Superjet 100, which was itself certified by the
Russian aviation authorities in January 2011, and by the European
aviation authorities in February 2012. A total of eight Superjet
100 engines were delivered in 2012, bringing the total number of
deliveries to 13 for four airline companies.

In May 2012, one of the Superjet 100 test aircrafts crashed during
a demonstration flight in Indonesia. In December, the Indonesian
National Transportation Safety Committee (KNKT) confirmed that
the accident had been caused by a pilot error.

The backlog for Powerjet stood at 234 engines at the end of the
year.

Silvercrest (9,500 - 12,000 pounds of thrust)

Chosen by two aircraft manufacturers, the Silvercrest engine
incorporates leading-edge technology to offer unrivalled
performance, with ambitious targets in terms of fuel consumption,
reliability and respect for the environment.

Silvercrest will be used in Cessna’s new Citation Longitude business
jet, with a cruising speed of over 900km/h (490 knots) and an
intercontinental flying range of 7,408km (4,000 nautical miles), the
most of any Cessna aircraft.

The first engine was assembled in May 2012 and tests began in
October. The engine should be brought into service in 2017.

SMA

In July 2012, US aircraft manufacturer Cessna chose turboprop
SMA SR805-203E for the Turbo Skylane NXT, the latest aircraft in its
Cessna 182 range. At the end of December, 142 orders had already
been taken for this engine and the first ten production-standard
engines had been delivered.

© CFM mid-thrust engines for civil aircraft
(short-medium-haul aircraft)

CFMS56 - LEAP

Having been selected by Chinese aircraft manufacturer COMAC in
2009 as the sole Western source for its C919 and by Airbus in 2010
to upgrade its A320 fleet (A320neo), in 2011 LEAP was chosen by
Boeing as the sole engine in its 737 re-engining program known as
737 MAX. The 737 MAX is expected to be in service by 2017, and
the A320neo and C919 by 2016. This third success, opening up
further market opportunities for Safran, once again vindicates the
strategic and technological decisions resulting from its partnership
with General Electric.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 50 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

2012 also saw a string of major commercial successes. Orders
continued to grow for LEAP engines, set to gradually replace
CFM56 units. With new orders and purchase commitments
for 1,096 engines in 2012, the backlog for LEAP stood at over
4,300 engines under the C919, A320neo and 737 MAX programs.
at year-end.

The LEAP-1C is the sole Western source for the propulsion
system (engine plus nacelle) on COMAC's C919 Chinese aircraft.
On the A320neo, the LEAP-1A model competes with the
PurePower PW1000G engine made by US firm Pratt & Whitney.
At December 31, 2012, LEAP-1A had a market share of just
over 50% in aircraft for which engines had already been chosen.
The LEAP-1B model was chosen as the sole engine for the
Boeing 737 MAX.

Taking into account the 898 orders for CFM56 engines taken
during the year, the overall backlog (CFM56 + LEAP) represents
around 10,000 engines, or more than seven years’ production.
This success confirms CFM as leader in the market of 100+ seat
aircraft, and guarantees the success of these programs over several
decades.

Arecord 1,406 CFM56 engines were delivered by Safran during the
year, up 7% on 2011 (1,308). More than 24,000 CFM56 engines
have been delivered since the launch of the program. The in-service
fleet of CFM56 engines passed the 600 million flying hours mark
in 2012 and the engines are used by over 530 customers and
operators.

CFM56 engines deliver industry-leading reliability and operational
performance.

® High-thrust engines for civil aircraft (long-haul aircraft)

Production of high-thrust engines was up sharply in 2012, with
567 modules delivered compared to 514 in 2011.

GE90 family

Safran has an interest of around 24% in this General Electric
program and enjoys a sole-source position on the B777, for which
it delivered 187 modules in 2012. Production volumes remained
upbeat, with Boeing announcing a further ramp-up in production
of the 777, from seven aircraft per month in 2012 to 8.3 aircraft
per month in first-quarter 2013.

GP7200 (engine for the A380)

Safran delivered 62 high- and low-pressure compressor modules
in 2012. At the end of the year, the GP7200 was used by three
airlines and has been selected for almost 56% of the A380 aircraft
for which an engine has already been chosen.

GenX

The GenX engines manufactured for the Boeing 747-8 and
Boeing 787, respectively GenX-2B and Genx-1B, were certified
in 2011. The first 787 fitted with a GenX-1B engine entered into
service in April 2012.

A total of 151 compressor modules were delivered in 2012.

[EGSOI) srran / 2012 RecrsTRATION DOCUMENT /

CF6 — LM6000 family
A total of 167 modules were shipped in 2012.

@ Industrial operations

New production plants are currently being built in Commercy and
Rochester (United States) for 3D woven composite fan blades, in
a bid to adapt our industrial facilities to the increase in production
and to the very latest technology.

The launch of the Safran Composites R&T center in Le Bouchet
(France) signals further progress in the strategy to pool expertise
for the benefit of all Group companies.

Lastly, in 2012 Nippon Carbon Company, Ltd., GE and Safran set
up a joint venture to produce and sell silicon carbide continuous
fiber (SiC), or Nicalon®, an important material for CFM’s next-
generation of high-performance LEAP engine components.

Military aviation

@ M88/Rafale

In 2012, 26 M88 engines were delivered for the Rafale. The
in-service fleet clocked up more than 241,000 flying hours during
the year. In the first half of 2012, the first “Pack CGP" (total cost of
ownership) M88-4E engines were delivered to the French State.
This engine model makes it possible to reduce maintenance costs
as well as the frequency of inspections for major models, and
increases the life of hot and rotating parts.

India has begun exclusive talks with Rafale EIG to purchase 126
aircraft.

@ TP400

The TP400-D6 engine development program entrusted to the
EPI consortium (ITP group, MTU Aero Engines, Rolls-Royce and
Safran) and chosen to power the European military transport aircraft
Airbus A400M, continued to progress satisfactorily during the year.
The European Aviation Safety Agency certified the engine in 2011.

The backlog at the end of 2012 stood at 736 engines for the
174 A400M ordered by Airbus Military.

Good progress was made in the A400M program, with 300 hours
of functionality and reliability tests performed as a step towards
obtaining civil and military certification of the aircraft during first-
quarter 2013. The first delivery of the aircraft to the French Armed
Forces is slated for the second quarter of 2013, with four deliveries
to be made by the end of the year currently in the final assembly
phase.

@ Adour

A total of 43 Adour engines were delivered in 2012. The backlog
for Adour engines at the end of the year was 88 units, of which 44
were ordered by India for its Hawk fighter plane.

Helicopter turbine engines

The tentative rally in the global helicopter market observed in 2011
took hold in 2012, with an increase in the number of flying hours per
engine and in the total volume of hours under Service-by-the-Hour
(SBH) contracts. Net new orders totaled 774 units in 2012 and the
backlog at the end of the year stood at 1,359 engines. Deliveries of
new equipment rose to 924 production-standard helicopter engines
versus 922 in 2011.


--- Page 51 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

Bullish momentum in the offshore oil market was also confirmed in
2012, although austerity measures could act as a brake on military
spending in the main developed markets.

Consolidation and internationalization trends continued among
major helicopter operators in 2012, with several large-scale
acquisitions. In Europe, Avincis was created out of the merger of
Spanish firm Inaer and UK firm Bond, while in the US, Air Methods
acquired the helicopter operator Sundance.

® Light helicopters

This segment continued to grow on emerging markets:

. in China during the first half of the year, after local certification
was obtained for the Arriel 2D engine, Safran and Avic stepped
up their cooperation in the areas of new engine assembly,
maintenance and repair. Safran continued to provide technical
assistance and industrial support to engine manufacturer
Dongan, with a view to delivering the first Ardiden 3c/WZ16
engines for the Z15 helicopter in 2014;

. at the Zhuhai trade show in China, an order was signed for a
first series of 20 Arriel 2C engines for the Chinese coastguard.
Deliveries began at the end of 2012;

. in Russia, a cooperation agreement was signed in June 2012
with Russian Helicopters for the maintenance of Safran
engines used in the new Ka-226T light helicopters and
medium twin Ka-62 models operated by the military and the
government;

. in September 2012 in Russia, Russian Helicopters sold its first
Ka-226T helicopters fitted with two Safran Arrius 2G1 engines
to GazpromAvia. The contract covers a total of 18 aircraft.

In summer 2012, Safran enjoyed further success when its new
turbo-shaft engine, the TM800, was selected by Eurocopter to
power its next-generation X4 helicopter. This new engine benefits
from technological advances resulting from Safran’s R&T strategy,
for example in significantly reducing specific consumption in
comparison with the generation currently in service. This will help
improve performance (range, payload) and reduce environmental
footprint. The plan for the engine’s development and certification
are aligned with the entry into service of the initial version of the
helicopter in 2017.

Lastly, the new Arriel 2 (2E) engine was certified in January 2013.
This model will power Eurocopter’s twin-engine EC145T2
helicopter, which is expected to come into service at the end of
2013. The certification comes after that of the Arriel 2D model in
May 2011, used in Eurocopter's Ecureuils helicopters EC130T2
and AS350B3e.

(1) Source: Safran.

@ Heavy-lift helicopters

Following the launch of successors on two fiercely competitive
segments (4- to 6-ton and 6- to 8-ton), attention is now focused
on upgrading the 10-ton segment, with the X6 engine (successor
to the Super Puma), the new improved Russian Mi-17 model, and
the 10-ton Chinese helicopter.

ll Services

In 2012, Safran renewed its Global Support Package contract with
the French Ministry of Defence and Civil Security for a period of ten
years. Under the terms of this contract “MCO2", Safran undertakes
to ensure availability of the 1,408 turbo-shaft engines. Also in 2012,
Safran signed a Support-by-the-Hour contract with the German
federal police and the Swedish air force.

Another agreement was also signed specifically for the maintenance
of RTM322 engines used in NH90 military helicopters delivered to
France, the Netherlands, Belgium and Portugal.

At the end of the year, CHC, the world’s leading operator in the Oil &
Gas segment, signed a Support-by-the-Hour contract for its entire
fleet of Makila 2 engines used to power the EC225.

@ Industrial operations

In September 2012, Safran opened the extension of its Xerém
plant in the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. This facility houses
the new assembly line and repairs for the Makila 2 engine and
for the auxiliary power unit (APU) Saphir 20. These engines and
units, designed for both civil and military EC225/725 helicopters,
will be operated for the Brazilian market and in Latin America more
generally.

Ballistics and space

Following Safran’s April 2011 purchase of SME and its subsidiaries
(mainly 85% of Pyroalliance, 50% of Roxel [owner of Roxel France],
and 40% of Regulus), the activities of SME and SPS were merged
to form Herakles.

Herakles, number one in Europe and number two worldwide" in
solid propulsion technologies, employs more than 3,000 people,
including a research and development unit boasting over 600
engineers and researchers.

To effectively merge research teams with testing teams from a
functional standpoint, lean manufacturing procedures were rolled
out at the end of 2012. MBDA France acquired Roxel France's
ramjet” integration and testing activities. This transaction did
not include ramjet solid propulsion boosters or thermo-structural
materials activities, businesses which continue to be operated by
Roxel.

In the liquid propellant engine segment, six Vulcain engines and five
HM7 engines were delivered in 2012.

Seven Ariane 5 satellites were successfully launched in 2012
(versus five in 2011). This marks the European launch vehicle’s 53rd
consecutive success and confirms the excellent reliability of Ariane.

Safran is also a major contributor to the European launch vehicle
Vega. The first test launch in February 2012 from the Kourou Space
Center in French Guiana was a big success.

In the industrial applications sector, an agreement was signed with
automotive parts manufacturer Autoliv to supply propellants for
airbags in cars over the period 2012-2017.

(2) Ai-breathing engines particularly suited to power supersonic aircraft over long distances.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [ESI


--- Page 52 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

2.1.3.2 AIRCRAFT EQUIPMENT

ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES
2011
Quantities delivered
Power transmission systems 1,815 2,019 11%
A320 thrust reversers 489 489
A380 nacelles 104 108 4%
(in € millions)
Backlog 14,469 14,467
Orders recorded during the year 4,642 3,539 -24%
Revenue 3,097 3,691 19%
Recurring operating income 202 287 42%
Profit from operations 202 271 34%
Free cash flow (19) 38 N/A
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 112 140 25%
Research and development
Self-funded R&D (159) (213) 40%
% of revenue 5.1% 5.8% +0.9 pts
Research tax credit 29 29
Self-funded R&D after research tax credit (130) (184) 42%
Capitalized expenditure 81 126 66%
Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure (55) (32) -42%
Impact on profit from operations (104) (90) -13%
% of revenue 3.4% 2.4% -1.0 pts

Headcount") 21,543 22,874 6%

(1) Headcount at December 31

Aircraft Equipment activities can be split into four key sectors that contribute to business line revenue as follows:

% of business line revenue

Landing and aircraft systems 47% 47%
Engine systems and equipment 27% 27%
Electrical systems and engineering 24% 24%

Other equipment 2% 2%

[EI sarran 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 53 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

REVIEW OF AIRCRAFT EQUIPMENT OPERATIONS IN 2012

The Aircraft Equipment segment reported full-year 2012 revenue
of €3,691 million, up 19% (12.5% on an organic basis) compared
to the year-ago period.

Increases in OEM production rates (notably the Boeing 787 and
Airbus A330 and A380 programs) and a recovery of the regional
jets market drove revenue increases in all activities. The nacelle
activity recorded a significant increase in small nacelles deliveries
(up 24%), as well as higher deliveries of A380 nacelles and of
A330 thrust reversers. The harnessing and landing gear activities
saw a robust performance driven by a production ramp-up in all
‘their product lines.

On a full-year basis, aftermarket service revenue grew by 9.9% in
euro terms in 2012, driven by growth in carbon brakes where the
Group continues to win market share.

Full-year 2012 recurring operating income was €287 million (7.8%
of revenue), up 42% compared to €202 million in the year-ago
period (6.5% of revenue). This significant improvement was
driven by a favorable mix/volume impact and productivity gains
on harnessing and landing systems with the ramp-up of OEM
volumes. The increased activity in carbon brakes and auxiliary
power transmission spares also contributed to this performance.
Currency hedging had a positive impact on profitability.

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Landing and aircraft systems

To meet the demand for more integrated equipment offerings from
both aircraft manufacturers and airlines, Safran and Honeywell
set up a joint venture in June 2012 to jointly develop and sell an
innovative new electric Green Taxiing System for aircraft.

The aim is to fit both in-service and new aircraft with this system
as from 2016.

Promotional campaigns continue to be rolled out for airline
companies with positive feedback in terms of both OEM and
retrofits.

1 Wheels and brakes

At December 31, 2012, more than 5,500 aircraft with seating
capacity of 100 or more were equipped with Safran carbon brakes.
This represents a market share of close to 50%", a rise on 2011.

Safran brakes had been selected for 891 Boeing 737NG aircraft
(cumulative basis) at December 31, 2012 (700 at end-2011),
including 391 aircraft in connection with retrofit projects. A total of
428 of these 891 aircraft are already in service. The remaining 463
are expected to come into service in the near future.

Ethiopian Airlines’ first Boeing 787 came into service in
September 2012, fitted with electric brakes and wheels
manufactured by Messier-Bugatti-Dowty. Ethiopian Airlines is the
launch customer for Messier-Bugatti-Dowty electric brakes and has
already ordered ten Boeing 787s which will be equipped.

In September 2012, an agreement was signed with Eurocopter as a
single-source supplier of wheels and brakes for its next-generation
X4 helicopter. Safran will provide the four wheels and two electric
brakes. The electric brakes will be designed so as to reduce weight

(1) Source: Safran.

while retaining excellent friction properties and offering the simplified
maintenance needed to meet Eurocopter's in-service performance
objectives for this next-generation rotorcraft.

Also in September 2012, construction work began on a plant in
Malaysia that will manufacture carbon brakes.

@ Landing gear

In all, 1,191 landing gear units were delivered by Safran in 2012,
100 more than in 2011.

In January 2012, Safran delivered the first production-standard
main landing gear shipset for the Airbus A400M. Selected in 2004,
Safran is responsible for the design, development, manufacture,
integration and support of the A400M landing system.

The first main A350 landing gear for aircraft testing was also
delivered.

Safran continued to upgrade its production facilities in the year,
chiefly in Bidos (France), Montreal (Canada), and Gloucester (UK).
These sites will be housing all production of parts for the 787 and
A350.

Throughout 2012, Safran signed landing gear maintenance and
repair contracts for the Airbus fleets operated by Aegean Airlines,
Cyprus Airways, Maximus Air, EgyptAir, South African Airways
Technical and Qatar Airways.

& Ventilation systems

Through Technofan, Safran was selected by Embraer to supply the
ventilation system on its new KC-390 military cargo plane, thereby
confirming its growing foothold on the market for next-generation
aircraft.

Engine systems and equipment

1 Nacelles and thrust reversers

A total of 108 A380 nacelles were delivered in 2012, compared
to 104 in 2011.

Safran is responsible for the entire nacelle (including integration
‘on the engine) for the A320neo powered by CFM's LEAP engines.
In 2012, an important milestone was reached when production
began on the first full-scale components. These components were
produced with composite and metallic materials, applying the same
manufacturing process that will be used in its series production of
A320neo nacelles. The components were subsequently assembled
at the company’s Le Havre plant in France, enabling their integration
to be assessed and the industrial processes and ergonomic
aspects of the production line to be validated.

Another major advance was recorded in 2012 for the LEAP-1C
nacelle to be used in China’s future C919 aircraft, with the
completion of the preliminary design review (PDR). Safran will
supply the complete nacelle for the C919 through Nexcelle, a
subsidiary jointly owned with Middle River Aircraft Systems
(General Electric).

Safran is also involved in three nacelle development projects in the
business aviation sector (Silvercrest, Learjet 85, and Passport) on
behalf of GE for the Bombardier Global 7000/8000.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 54 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

Safran reported a 7% rise in aftermarket services, and signed a
services contract with Rolls-Royce for nacelles used in the Trent
900 engines powering British Airways’ A380 fleet. This marks a
long-term global care package commitment by the two aerospace
equipment manufacturers on a key component of the Airbus
flagship jetliner. The contract, which was signed at the Farnborough
airshow in July 2012, covers a period of 25 years beginning in
2013, during which Safran will provide complete support on the
nacelles it supplies for the Rolls-Royce Trent 900s that power British
Airways’ fleet of A380s.

i Power transmissions

In 2012, Safran made its 30,000" delivery of power transmission.
Safran is a major player in airborne applications of electrical power
and supplies an installed base of more than 24,000 CFMS56 engines
and over 5,000 engines in the Rolls-Royce Trent and BR700
families.

Besides these programs, Safran is also developing power
transmission for the LEAP and Trent XWB engines used in the
A350.

Electrical systems and engineering

®@ Power electronics and transmission systems

Safran can call on its engineering and research teams to develop
cutting-edge electrical solutions for all the energy needs of an
aircraft. Compared to the current architecture combining electrical,
hydraulic, pneumatic and mechanical networks, the “more
electric”’ aircraft offers optimum performance, superior reliability,
a lighter carbon footprint and significantly lower production and
maintenance costs.

Brazilian aircraft manufacturer Embraer selected Safran for its
upcoming KC-390 military transport aircraft, confirming Safran's
leadership in the “more electric” aircraft market. Safran was first
selected to work on this program in 2011, in order to supply the
aircraft's power transmission system. Safran will supply the power
transmission system (primary and secondary power distribution
and emerging electrical power generation) as well as the complete
power transmission system for the KC-390. In 2012, Embraer once
again chose Safran to supply the horizontal stabilizer trim system
(HSTS)" for this aircraft. The maiden flight of this military transport
and tanker aircraft is slated for 2014.

Along the lines of its wish to continue developing in this segment, in
October 2012 Safran announced that it had entered into a definitive
agreement to purchase Goodrich Electrical Power Systems
(GEPS). By adding new capabilities in electrical technologies, this
transaction will lead to the creation of a world leader in aerospace
electrical power systems, and mark a decisive breakthrough in
Safran’s “more electric” aircraft strategy. The acquisition will also
allow Safran to continue to develop new leading-edge solutions
for the electrification of aircraft equipment and closer integration
of electrical systems with the aircraft engine.

® Electrical wiring and engineering

In June 2012, Shanghai Saifei Aviation EWIS Manufacturing Co,
Ltd, a joint venture between Safran and COMAC, began operations.
Specializing in research and production of wiring for the aerospace
market in the Asia-Pacific region, the venture will be responsible for
running the EWIS program for COMAC's C919 aircraft.

The wiring contract with Lockheed Martin for the F16 was extended
until the end of 2015.

Two major industrial operations were carried out in the year:

. in Mexico, a new plant opened in Chihuahua manufacturing
wiring systems for civil and military aircraft and helicopters.
The plant is designed to enable the Group's existing facilities
to meet the ramp-up of production for the Boeing 787;

. in the US, production lines and offices of the North American
division were transferred from Corinth to Denton (both
in Texas).

In the engineering business, 2012 highlights include:

. Safran’s first certification for Embraer in several technical
areas;

. Safran’s renewal as a preferred supplier for the Airbus in 2012
to 2016.

(1) The horizontal stabilizer trio system enables the pilot to control the horizontal stabilizer trim as efficiently as possible, to keep the aircratt’s attitude stable, while also

minimizing the aerodynamic control forces to fly the plane.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 55 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

2.1.3.3 DEFENCE

ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES
2011
Quantities delivered
Inertial units 369 454 23%
Felin systems 3,900 4,000 3%
(in € millions)
Backlog 2,704 2,380 -12%
Orders recorded during the year 1,120 1,142 2%
Revenue 1,264 1,315 4%
Recurring operating income 58 81 40%
Profit from operations 51 81 60%
Free cash flow (80) 13 N/A
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 58 47 -19%
Research and development
Self-funded R&D (118) (117) 1%
% of revenue 9.3% 8.9% -0.4 pts
Research tax credit 32 36 12%
Self-funded R&D after research tax credit (86) (81) -6%
Capitalized expenditure 24 22 -8%
Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure (7) (8) 14%
Impact on profit from operations (69) (67) -3%
% of revenue 5.5% 5.1% -0.4 pts
Headcount" 6,587 7,182 9%
(1) Headcount at December 31.

Defence activities can be split into three key sectors that contribute to business line revenue as follows:

% of business line revenue

Optronics 55% 53%
Avionics 38% 38%
Electronics and critical software (Safran Electronics) 7% 9%

REVIEW OF DEFENCE OPERATIONS IN 2012

Full-year 2012 revenue was up 4.0% at €1,315 million, or up 1.0%
on an organic basis, compared to the previous year. Avionics
revenue grew on the back of higher deliveries of Mistral seeker
kit modules and a solid inertial navigation activity. This trend was.
partially offset by softer revenue in optronics given the tough
year-on-year comparison base for the long-range infrared goggles
on export markets. Deliveries of portable optronic devices were
down in the year, as a consequence notably of US military budget
contraction. Safran Electronics benefited from the increasing
deliveries of its digital engine control system (FADEC) for the CFM56
engines.

Full-year 2012 recurring operating income at €81 million (6.2%
of revenue) was up 40% (up 27.6% organically) compared to
€58 million (4.6% of revenue) in full-year 2011. The expected
turnaround of profitability in avionics resulted from a combination
of a favorable volume, price and mix effect, a significant reduction
in SG&A, a drastic reduction in manufacturing costs and an
improvement in production quality. Optronics continued to deliver
solid profits, although lower than last year, thanks to robust
deliveries of the Felin soldier integrated equipment.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [ETSI


--- Page 56 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Optronics

®@ Modernizing infantry

In 2012, deliveries of the Felin infantry combat system to the French
Army continued in line with contractual arrangements, with ten
regiments equipped by the end of the year. The units outfitted with
the system include mountain infantry battalions and a parachute
regiment as well as infantry regiments. Felin continues to attract
interest outside France and good feedback from its use in overseas
operations in Afghanistan should further cement its reputation. The
RIF NG next-generation soldier information network which offers
an extended network range, was put through its paces in several
tests carried out under real-life conditions.

® Portable optronic equipment, sight equipment and drones
Portable optronic equipment

2012 was a successful year for portable optronics, confirming the
front-ranking position of Safran technology despite a decline in the
market driven by the withdrawal of armed forces from overseas
military operations. Safran also landed the Long Range Thermal
Imager contract with the UK Ministry of Defence. This brings the
number of JIM-LR multifunction goggles in service and on order
across the globe to 5,000, including 2,000 for the French armed
forces.

2012 also witnessed success for Sterna, a compact precision
target locating system for armed forces, featuring a North Seeker
using hemispheric resonator gyro (HRG) technology. The first order
was received from the US Army, which intends to swiftly put the
equipment to use in operations.

Onboard optronic equipment

Business remained brisk in this segment with a high order intake.

In the shipbuilding market, the growing popularity of the
EOMS NG" surveillance system and gun fire control device for
surface vessels was confirmed with orders for French and Russian
Landing Helicopter Docks (LHDs). These systems will also be used
in upgrading the French Navy's six Floréal vessels.

Safran was chosen by the Ukranian Navy to supply Vigy Observer
watchtowers for its patrol vessels.

In the periscope business, Safran continued to develop optronic
surveillance masts for Barracuda nuclear attack submarines.

In the airborne segment, Safran and Thales worked together within
the scope of their Optrolead joint venture to prepare a bid for the
program to modernize the Atlantique 2 maritime patrol craft.

For ground forces, Safran delivered further SAVAN 11 devices for

bullet-proof vehicles for the Saudi Army and in conjunction with
MBDA, began to develop firing stations for medium-range missiles.

(1) EOMS NG: Electro-Optical Muttitunction System.

(2) SIMMAD: French Ministry of Defence aircraft maintenance and procurement agency.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Drones

Intensive use of the Sperwer drone in Afghanistan led to orders
from SIMMAD® for numerous spare parts within the scope
of maintenance operations. In parallel, the French defence
procurement agency (DGA) informed Safran of its order of five
further drones to round out existing in-service capabilities.

Avionics

®@ Navigation systems and sensors

2012 confirmed the operational success of the new Coriolis
production plant in Montlugon, which now houses production of
all gyrolasers and hemispherical resonators, a core component of
Sagem’ inertial units. It also integrates these units at the end of the
process. Safran invests heavily in this extremely high-tech business.

Hemispherical resonator gyro (HRG) technology confirmed its
competitive edge with the successful launch of BlueNaute at the
Euronaval trade show. BlueNaute is a next-generation attitude and
heading reference system for shipborne applications. Thanks to
HRG's excellent reliability, BlueNaute signals a major improvement
in maintainability and total cost of ownership compared with the
previous generation of maritime navigation equipment.

Further afield, the RS Alliance joint venture created by Sagem,
Rosoboronexport and ITT to serve the market for gyro-based
inertial navigation for planes carrying weapons in Russia, landed
its first major contract.

@ Seekers and guidance systems

In 2012, Safran continued to develop its range of AASM Modular
Air-to-Ground Weapons, after the excellent performance of
GPS/inertial guidance models with or without infrared imaging in
operations (Operation Harmattan in Libya). Three qualification firing
tests of the new laser-guided missile were successfully completed
on the Rafale, confirming the superior performance expected
by ground forces and paving the way for production-standard
weapons deliveries.

1 Flight control systems

Several milestones were reached in 2012, testifying to Sagem’s
expertise in electric flight control systems:

. the first AP180 autopilot prototypes were delivered and first
flights made on the AgustaWestland AW169 helicopter, while
integration continued on the AW149 and AW189;

. the preliminary design review (PDR) of the horizontal stabilizer
trim system which Sagem produced for Embraer’s KC 390
program was completed;

. the preliminary design review of the electric thrust reverser
actuation system was completed for the COMAC C919
(Sagem is responsible for the actuation system);


--- Page 57 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

. technological research projects continued apace, focusing on
flight control systems, onboard electronics and an optronics
program for the future X4 Eurocopter.

Aerospace Embedded Solutions GmbH, created by Sagem and
the German engine manufacturer MTU and combining teams and
resources to develop engine control devices.

Numerous in-progress projects have successfully completed

™ Electronics and critical software
.

Two joint ventures of significant importance for the future of Safran

Electronics were set up in 2012. Firstly, Fadec Alliance Inc, a joint

venture set up by GE Aviation and Fadec International (itself a

joint venture between Sagem and BAE) to supply next-generation

Fadec 4 (Full Authority Digital Engine Control) devices to be fitted .

to the LEAP and Passport engines. Secondly, Munich-based

2.1.3.4 SECURITY

important milestones:

the first brake actuator controllers and extended landing gear
for the Airbus 350 were delivered in the year;

the first A400M engine control devices were supplied ready
‘to be put in to service;

the first prototype of Fadec 4 was delivered to GE for software
integration.

ADJUSTED KEY FIGURES
2011
Quantities delivered
Smart cards (millions of units) 638 630 -1%
Biometric terminals 221,000 230,000 4%
(in € millions)
Backlog 1,334 1,737 30%
Orders recorded during the year 1,320 1,862 41%
Revenue 1,249 1,546 24%
Recurring operating income 139 145 4%
Profit from operations 116 120 3%
Free cash flow (61) 1 N/A
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment 42 46 10%
Research and development
Self-funded R&D (111) (124) 12%
% of revenue 8.9% 8% -0.9 pts
Research tax credit 13 12 -8%
Self-funded R&D after research tax credit (98) (112) 14%
Capitalized expenditure 16 14 -13%
Amortization and impairment of R&D expenditure (2) (3) 50%
Impact on profit from operations (84) (101) 20%
% of revenue 6.7% 6.5% -0.2 pts
Headcount" 7,530 7,727 3%
(1) Headcount at December 31.

Security activities can be split into three key sectors that contribute to business line revenue as follows:

% of business line revenue

Identification 58% 63%
e-Documents 25% 22%
Detection 17% 15%

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 58 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

REVIEW OF SECURITY OPERATIONS.

The Security activity reported full-year 2012 revenue of
€1,546 million, up 24% compared to the year-ago period. On
an organic basis, moderate growth of 4.6% reflects increasing
momentum in biometric identification in some emerging countries
and in e-Documents activities, partially offset by temporary
adjustments of government budgets in other countries. The
e-Documents activity continued to gain traction in the high-end
banking market in Latin America as the technology migrates to EMV
standard (Europay, Mastercard and Visa) with higher unit prices.
MorphoTrust grew its contribution showing strong US Federal sales
and higher-than-expected volumes in driving license programs and
enrollment services. Detection had a flat performance reflecting
renewed Transportation Security Administration (TSA) orders for
large CTX devices across the United States being offset by lower
Trace equipment deliveries.

Full-year 2012 recurring operating income increased by 4% at
€145 million (9.4% of revenue) compared to €139 million in the
year-ago period. The relatively slight incremental contribution was
driven by the migration to high-end products in e-Documents and
the increasingly positive contribution of MorphoTrust, fully achieving
the synergies expected at the start of integration. This performance
was partially offset in biometric identification (outside the former
L-+1 ID businesses) which suffered from an unfavorable contract mix.
The detection business recorded solid profits, though somewhat
below last year’s level, notably due to higher R&D expenses in
preparation of a major breakthrough in liquid explosives detection
and the integrated access control checkpoint in airports.

The 12-month contribution of L-1 Identity Solutions (MorphoTrust
and non-proxy businesses) was €335 million in revenue
and €48 million in recurring earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). In USD terms, revenue
was USD 431 million and recurring EBITDA USD 62 million (14%
of sales).

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Identification systems

In 2012, Safran iris and fingerprint-based personal authentification
technologies were each ranked number one by the US National
Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST)"". The fingerprint
identification algorithms earned praise in particular for their high
degree of accuracy and were ranked as the leading automated
fingerprint identification technology.

®@ Major identity management systems

Orders taken for identity management systems totaled over
€1 billion in 2012, up 45% on 2011 based on a constant scope of
business (i.¢., excluding activities previously carried out by L-1-ID). In
February, a major ten-year contract was signed with Chile's National
Records Administration (Servicio de Registro Civil e Identificacion)
to produce e-ID cards and e-passports under the country’s new

identification and ID and travel document issuance system. Safran
will be responsible for end-to-end secure ID management and
document production and will also supply enrollment stations for
capturing biometric data (photos and fingerprints). For additional
security, the ID cards and passport data pages will be manufactured
in highly secure production sites using polycarbonate, the most
resistant material on the market today.

In May 2012, Safran also landed the contract to supply e-passports
in Panama, conferring additional credentials on the Group for future
electronic ID bidding processes in Latin America.

In September, Safran was chosen to supply Kenya's Independent
Electoral and Boundaries Commission with a comprehensive
national electoral enrollment system for the March 2013 general
elections. It was also asked to prepare electoral lists within the
space of a few weeks. All electoral enrollment stations were
delivered and came into service less than two months after the
contract was signed.

In the US, Safran is the leading supplier of identity management
solutions, with its system for issuing driving licenses currently
used in 42 of 50 states. Several states (Louisiana, Mississippi,
Ohio and Vermont) renewed their commitment to Safran in 2012
for the replacement and upgrade of their driving license issuance
systems. In 2013, Safran and the state of Tennessee joined forces
to create self-service kiosks for renewal of driving licenses. Safran
also supplies all 50 US states with background vetting systems and
other identification services through 1,200 local service centers, as
well as biometric identification systems for the US Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI), Department of Defense, and State Department.

The Netherlands opted for Safran’s vehicle registration document
production systems and ordered extensions for Dutch passports.
Two major contracts were also signed in Finland to supply passports
and driving licenses, along with a driving license agreement
in Sweden.

In the United Arab Emirates, Group customer Emirates Identity
Authority (EIDA) ordered 10 million additional ID cards. In March,
Morpho landed the Egyptian contract for upgrading the country's
ID card system. The contract was previously held by a competitor
for 15 years.

On December 31, the Unique Identification Authority of India
delivered over 240 million Indian residents their unique identification
number from its Aadhaar biometric system which uses Morpho
technology. The first biometric terminals manufactured by Safran
in India were also sold under this project in 2012.

1 Border control

The European Commission awarded a consortium led by Morpho
a contract to maintain the European Schengen Visa Information
System (VIS).

The PARAFE (Passage Automatisé Rapide Des Frontiéres
Extérieures) automatic border control e-gates, already in service at
Orly and Roissy airports in Paris and which recorded their millionth
passenger in July, have been installed at Marseille Provence airport.

(1) Source: NIST — Evaluation of Latent Fingerprint Technologies: Extended Feature Sets - Evaluation #2 - 2012.

NIST ~ IRES Ill - Performance of Iris Identification Algorithms ~ 2012.

(BEES srran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 59 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE GROUP’S PERFORMANCE IN 2012 BASED ON ADJUSTED DATA /

@ Criminal identification

Several European countries ordered extensions or adaptations of
their Automated Fingerprint Identification System (AFIS), which can
link up with systems in other countries that are members of the
Priim treaty. This helps to reinforce cross-border cooperation in the
fight against crime, illegal immigration and terrorism.

Around ten next-generation (creations or extensions of existing
systems) Morpho Face Investigate™ systems (automated finger
and palm identification solutions) were sold in all four corners of the
globe, including to the police forces of Sweden and Peru.

AFIS devices were also ordered for the Orange County Sheriff's
Department and for the Colorado Bureau of Investigation (CBI)
in the US.

Lastly, the fingerprint identification module of the FBI's next-
generation identification system (NGIS) was successfully delivered
to the customer's satisfaction. A six-year maintenance contract
was also signed.

@ Biometric enrollment services

In the US, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA)
selected Safran as prime contractor for its Universal Enrollment
Service (UES) aimed at individuals requiring security enrollment
and registration (verification of biometric and background data for
individuals seeking access to critical premises or segments of the
transportation system).

® Biometric equipment

The compact, high-speed fingerprint scanner, MorphoTop™, was
certified by the FBI during the year. This certification covers both
tenprint rolled or flat fingerprint capture for background checks,
civil enrollment, criminal booking or personal identity verification
purposes.

Other activities

In road safety, the first automatic average speed control devices
were brought into operation in France at the end of the year.

Also at the end of the year, La Francaise des Jeux signed an
amendment to its 2009 framework agreement under which 34,000
next-generation Smart terminals were ordered. These terminals will
ultimately replace all existing gaming terminals.

e-Documents

The e-documents business neared double-digit growth in value
terms in 2012, amid fierce international competition. Growth in the
bank cards segment outperformed the market owing chiefly to the
continued expansion of the card personalization center network.

The Group's strategy of rolling out this technology offering to all
geographical regions helped it win a large number of new clients and
bolster its positions with major multinational telecommunications
groups and banks, especially in Latin America and Europe.

2012 also saw the launch of the SIM NFC (Near Field
Communication) technology in Asia (South Korea) and in Europe,
where Morpho began volume deliveries in the second half of
the year.

Vigorous growth continued in the bank cards segment, powered
by the migration from magnetic cards to smart cards compliant
with EMV (Europay MasterCard Visa), particularly in Latin America
and Eastern Europe, as well as by the migration to Contact and
Contactless Dual Interface technology in Western Europe.

During the year, the e-documents business continued to enhance
its offering and extend its geographic footprint, through two
selective acquisitions. Cassis International (Singapore/Malaysia)
was acquired in July and adds Trusted Services Management
(TSM) technology to Safran’s service offering as well as a bank card
personalization center in Malaysia. ABN Europe (France and Czech
Republic) was acquired in December, adding a card personalization
center in France and a bank card production and personalization
center in the Czech Republic.

Detection

In December, Safran acquired General Electric's residual 19%
stake in Morpho Detection Inc. (MDI). This transaction results from
the exercise of an option provided for in the 2009 agreements
concerning Safran's purchase from General Electric of an 81%
stake in MDI. The acquisition gave Morpho USA a 100% stake in
Morpho Detection Inc. and was financed by Safran’s available cash.

Other key events of 2012 are discussed below.

®@ Tomography and diffraction-based detection systems

Anon-exclusive framework agreement spanning several years was
signed with the US Transportation Security Administration (TSA) for
the purchase of explosives detection systems. Fixed-price orders
under this agreement could represent USD 528 million over the
next five years. Safran will supply its medium-throughput CTX 9800.
devices and associated equipment and services. The first order
received was for 37 systems, to be put into service in early 2013.

The Israel Airport Authority (IAA) chose Safran’s “System of Systems”
to meet the country’s stringent detection requirements for checked
baggage at Ben Gurion international airport in Tel Aviv. This system
consists of an X-ray diffraction-based XRD 3500™ explosives
detection system fully integrated with one or more CTX 9000 DSi™
computer tomography-based explosives detection systems. This
“System of Systems" significantly reduces false alarms and the
resultant costly and time-consuming manual inspections of bags.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 60 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS /

®@ Spectrometry-based trace detection equipment

Certification was obtained for explosives detection devices, whether
mobile (Itemiser desktop, certified for air cargo screening in the UK)

or portable (Mobile Trace, certified for use in airports in France),
used to control checked or cabin baggage and light airfreight
(express international transport of packages for businesses).

COMMENTS ON THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2.2.1 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

(in € millions) 2011

Revenue 11,658 13,615

Other operating income and expenses. (10,794) (12,345)

Recurring operating income 864 1,270 +47.0%
Other non-recurring operating income and expenses (29) (66)

Profit from operations 835 1,214 445.4%
Financial income (loss) (150) 535

Share in profit from associates 10 19

Income tax expense (201) (442)

Profit from continuing operations 494 1,326

Profit from discontinued operations 3 -

Profit (loss) for the period attributable to non-controlling interests (19) (24)

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS 478 1,302

OF THE PARENT

CONSOLIDATED REVENUE

RECURRING OPERATING INCOME

Consolidated revenue climbed 16.8% year-on-year, to
€13,615 million from €11,658 million in 2011.

The difference between adjusted revenue and consolidated revenue
is due to the exclusion of foreign currency derivatives from the
adjusted figures. Neutralizing the impact of foreign currency
hedging added €55 million to consolidated revenue in 2012 while
it decreased consolidated revenue by €78 million in 2011. This year-
on-year change in the revenue impact of foreign currency hedging
results from movements in average exchange rates with regard to
‘the effective hedged rates for the period on the portion of foreign
currency denominated flows hedged by the Group. For example,
the hedged EUR/USD rate in 2012 was 1.32, against an annual
average rate of 1.29, which explains why netting out the effect of
foreign currency hedging gives a consolidated revenue figure that is
higher than adjusted consolidated revenue. Year-on-year changes
in revenue excluding the impact of adjusting items are analyzed
below (see section 2.1.2).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Recurring operating income rose 47% to €1,270 million in 2012
from €864 million in 2011. The difference between recurring
operating income and adjusted recurring operating income, which
came in at €1,471 million, reflects:

. amortization charged against intangible assets measured
when allocating the purchase price for the May 2005 Sagem-
Snecma business combination (€156 million in 2012 versus
€158 million in 2011) and in connection with other business
combinations (€97 million in 2012 versus €71 million in 2011);

. a positive €52 million impact resulting from foreign currency

transactions (negative impact of €96 million in 2011).
Changes in recurring operating income, excluding the impact of
adjusting items, are analyzed below (see section 2.1.2).


--- Page 61 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS /

PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS

Profit from operations came in at €1,214 million for the year,
compared to €835 million in 2011. Profit from operations includes
recurring operating income of €1,270 million in 2012 (€864 million in
2011) and a non-recurring loss of €56 million (€29 million in 2011).

Changes in profit from operations, excluding the impact of adjusting
items, are analyzed below (see section 2.1.2).

FINANCIAL INCOME (LOSS)

The Group reported financial income of €535 million in 2012,
compared to a financial loss of €150 million in 2011.

Two items account for the difference between consolidated and
adjusted financial income (loss) for 2012:

. changes in the fair value of unwound foreign currency hedging
instruments which had a positive impact of €742 million in
2012 compared to a negative impact of €11 million in 2011.
This amount is recognized in full in financial income (loss) in
the consolidated financial statements. However, the impact
the changes in fair value of unwound foreign currency hedging
instruments is neutralized in the adjusted financial statements;

. the net negative impact of foreign currency hedging on the
portion of foreign exchange denominated flows hedged by

the Group totaling €55 million in 2012 (positive impact of
€76 million in 2011). This impact is recognized in financial
income (loss) in the consolidated financial statements,
but within profit from operations (mostly in revenue) in the
adjusted income statement.

INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Income tax expense in full-year 2012 came in at €442 million
compared to €201 million in 2011. The increase in this caption
chiefly results from the €1,073 million rise in profit before tax
between 2011 and 2012. The rise in profit before tax results partly
from changes in the Group's business (€379 million rise in profit
from operations - see section 2.1.2) and partly from movements in
foreign exchange gains and losses between 2011 and 2012, which
represented a net gain of €709 million in 2012 versus €19 million
2011.

CONSOLIDATED PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE
TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT

This caption amounted to €1,302 million for 2012 and €478 million
for 2011.

2.2.2 SIMPLIFIED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

AT DECEMBER 31, 2012

The simplified consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2012 presented below is taken directly from the consolidated financial statements

included in section 3.1 of this document.

(in € millions)

Assets

Goodwill 3,126 3,078
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 5,984 6,476
Other non-current assets 762 788
Derivatives (positive fair value) 279 647
Inventories and work-in-progress 3,799 4,131
Trade and other receivables 5,005 5,025
Other current assets 316 597
Cash and cash equivalents 1,431 2,193
TOTAL ASSETS 20,702 22,935
Equity and liabilities

Share capital 5,122 6,228
Provisions 2,438 2,579
Borrowings subject to specific conditions 682 670
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 2,445 3,175
Derivatives (negative fair value) 658 225
Other non-current liabilities O17 1,135
Trade and other payables 8,348 8,767
Other current liabilities 92 156
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 20,702 22,935

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [ESS


--- Page 62 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS /

2.2.3, CHANGE IN NET DEBT

The year-on-year change in the Group's net debt breaks down as follows:

(in € millions) 2011
Cash flow from operations 1,200 1,702
Change in working capital 47 (85)
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment (352) (419)
Acquisitions of intangible assets (363) (634)
Free cash flow 532 564
Dividends paid (317) (300)
Divestments/acquisitions of securities and other (1,236) (199)
NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (1,021) 65
Net debt at January 1 24 (997)
Net debt at December 31 (997) (932)

Cash flow from operating activities is calculated by taking profit
or loss before tax and adjusting for income and expenses with no
cash impact, for example net charges to depreciation, amortization
and provisions and changes in the fair value of hedging instruments.
not yet unwound at the end of the reporting period". The Group's
ability to finance working capital requirements, acquisitions of
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and dividends
out of operating activities rose by €502 million over the year, from
€1,200 million in 2011 to €1,702 million in 2012.

Operations generated €564 million of free cash flow (38%
of recurring operating income). The net debt position was
€932 million at December 31, 2012 compared to €997 million at
December 31, 2011.

Free cash flow generation of €564 million results from cash from
operations of €1,702 million partially offset by an increase in working
capital requirements of €85 million — very moderate considering
the rise in production volumes — and R&D spend and industrial
investments higher respectively by 37% and 19%. Good progress
was made in containing working capital requirements in the second
half of 2012, despite overdue payments from the French Ministry of
Defence amounting to €164 million at the end of the year.

(1) See section 3.1, “Consolidated statement of cash flows”.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Major cash outflows in the year were a 2011 final dividend
payment (€0.37 per share) as well as an interim 2012 dividend
payment (€0.31 per share) for a total of €283 million, in addition to
acquisitions (principally €90 million for the 19% stake in Morpho
Detection Inc. which GE had retained in 2009, and €24 million for
an additional 10% in Sofradir, the subsidiary specialized in infrared
matrices, jointly owned with Thales). Net proceeds of the sale to
employees of treasury shares upon implementation of the leveraged
employee shareholding plan were €118 million in 2012.

The February 9, 2012 issue of USD 1.2 billion in senior unsecured
notes on the US Private Placement (USPP) market was maintained
in US dollars and no foreign exchange swaps were taken out in
this respect. Changes in the euro value of this issue had a negative
impact of €6 million on the Group's net debt at December 31, 2012.

As of December 31, 2012, Safran had cash and cash equivalents
of €2.2 billion and €2.55 billion of secured and undrawn facilities
available.

The gearing ratio was 15% at end-2012 versus 19.5% one year
earlier.


--- Page 63 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS /

COMMENTS ON THE PARENT COMPANY

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements of Safran SA for the year ended
December 31, 2012 were prepared using the same accounting
principles as those used for the 2011 parent company financial
statements.

Safran decided that the assets and liabilities of its subsidiary Sagem
Télécommunications would be transferred to Safran SA with effect
from August 28, 2012, based on their net carrying amount. This
transaction generated a €2.4 million deficit which was recognized
in goodwill and allocated to a property “off-the-books”, i.e., without
adjusting any carrying amounts in the accounts of Safran.

2.3.1. SAFRAN SA INCOME STATEMENT

(in € millions) 2011
Revenue 243 314
Other operating income and expenses. (356) (443)
Loss from operations (113) (129)
Financial income 393 732
Non-recurring items 69 (6)
Income tax benefit 4 167
PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 353 765

Revenue came in at €314 million in 2012 versus €243 million in 2011,
and chiefly includes billings of general assistance services provided
by the parent company to its subsidiaries, as well as amounts
billed in respect of rent, employees, IT services and miscellaneous.
services related to projects managed by the parent company on
behalf of all of its subsidiaries. The €71 million increase in revenue
in 2012 results primarily from the development of research projects
and from the growth in volume of IT services carried out on behalf
of subsidiaries and rebilled to those companies.

Other operating income and expenses represented a net expense
of €443 million in 2012 and €356 million in 2011. The increase in
other operating expenses in 2012 stems mainly from the rollout of
Group-wide projects and from the rise in the number of Safran SA
employees following the implementation and completion of projects
to upgrade the Group's administrative and support functions.

Loss from operations totaled €129 million in 2012 and €113 million
in 2011.

Safran SA reported financial income of €732 million in 2012 and
€393 million in 2011. This figure mainly includes dividends received

from subsidiaries for €574 million (€385 million in 2011), interest
income of €39 million (€5 million in 2011), foreign exchange gains
amounting to €72 million (foreign exchange losses of €32 million in
2011), and net reversals from provisions for impairment of financial
assets or exchange losses totaling €47 million (€35 million in 2011).

The Company reported a non-recurring loss of €5 million in 2012
and €69 million in 2011.

The income tax line represented a benefit of €191 million under
the Group's tax consolidation regime (benefit of €85 million
in 2011). This tax benefit chiefly results from the absorption by
Safran of Sagem Télécommunications, which had been involved
in loss making activities divested several years ago. This benefit
also includes a net charge to the provision for the transfer of the
tax saving relating to the French tax group from Safran SA to its
loss-making subsidiaries, in an amount of €24 million (€81 million
in 2011).

On account of the above, profit for the year came in at €765 million,
compared to €353 million in 2011.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [IRE


--- Page 64 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013
/ COMMENTS ON THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS /

2.3.2 SAFRAN SA SIMPLIFIED BALANCE SHEET AT

DECEMBER 31, 2012

(in € millions) Dec. 31, 2011 } Dec. 31, 2012 |
Assets

Non-current assets 9,460 9,462
Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities 1,198 1,861
Other current assets 1,768 2,144
TOTAL ASSETS 12,426 13,467
Equity and liabilities

Share capital 5,266 5,758
Provisions 855 677
Borrowings 2,030 2,814
Other payables 4,275 4,218
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 12,426 13,467

The increase in share capital reflects a portion of the 2012 profit for
€765 million, outstanding dividends paid in 2012 in respect of 2011
for €154 million, interim dividends for 2012 paid in December of
that year for €129 million, and a net charge to tax-driven provisions
amounting to €10 million.

The attendant increase in cash and cash equivalents and borrowings
results from the February 9, 2012 issue of USD 1.2 billion in senior
unsecured notes on the US private placement (USPP) market.
The funds raised by the bond issue allowed Safran to diversify
its sources of financing and extend the average maturity of its
borrowings. They have also provided the Group with the means to
pursue its development going forward.

2.3.3. INFORMATION CONCERNING SUPPLIER PAYMENT PERIODS

Amounts not yet due
Amounts due in 0-30 days Amounts due in 30-60 days Total trade payables

(in € millions) Amounts due
December 31, 2012 79 45 67.4 79.8
December 31, 2011 5.3 12.5 55.5, 73.3,

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 65 ---

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS IN 2012 AND OUTLOOK FOR 2013

OUTLOOK FOR 2013

Safran expects on a full-year basis:

. adjusted revenue to increase by around 5% (at an estimated
average rate of USD 1.29 to the euro);

. adjusted recurring operating income to increase by almost
15% (at a hedged rate of USD 1.29 to the euro);

. free cash flow to represent about 40% of adjusted recurring
operating income taking into account the expected increase
in capital expenditure and R&D to cope with rising production
rates and new business opportunities.

The full-year 2013 outlook is based on the following underlying
assumptions:

. healthy increase in Aerospace OE deliveries;
. civil aftermarket increase of close to 10%;
. incremental R&D cash effort of around €200 million;

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

SALE OF 12.57% OF THE SHARE
CAPITAL OF INGENICO

March 15, 2013 - Pursuant to the authorizations granted by the
Boards of Directors of Safran on March 13, 2013 and of Morpho on
March 14, 2013, Safran, through its subsidiary Morpho, divested
part of its stake in payment solutions provider Ingenico by way of a
private placement, through an accelerated book building process.
A total of 6.6 million shares, representing 12.57% of the share
capital of Ingenico, were sold at a per-share price of €43.45, for
a total amount of €286.8 million. The resulting profit after tax for
Safran, calculated on the basis of a value per Ingenico share of
€22.74 in Safran’s consolidated financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2012, is approximately €130 million and
will be recorded in Safran’s 2013 half-year consolidated financial
statements. Safran intends to remain a significant shareholder of
Ingenico with a stake representing 10.2% of the share capital and
approximately 17% of the voting rights.

FINALIZATION OF GOODRICH
ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS (GEPS)
ACQUISITION

After completing all required approval procedures, Safran has
finalized on March 26, 2013, the acquisition of Goodrich Electrical
Power Systems (GEPS), a leading supplier of on-board aerospace
electrical power systems. The cash consideration for the transaction
amounts to approximately Euro 300 million.

/ OUTLOOK FOR 2013 /

. increase in acquisitions of property, plant and equipment of
around €200 million;

. continued margin improvement in Aircraft Equipment;
. stable profitability in Defence;
. profitable growth for the Security business;

. continued benefits from the ongoing Safran+ plan to enhance
the cost structure and reduce overheads.

FACTORS WITH A POTENTIAL IMPACT
ON RESULTS

Major risk factors that could have an adverse impact on the Group's
business, financial position or results of operations are described
in section 4.

GEPS brings new capabilities to Safran’s product offering, including
the critical electrical power generation know-how and experience
which is the heart of electrical power systems. This transaction,
by combining GEPS and Safran’s complementary strengths, gives
birth to a world leader in aerospace electrical power systems with
a comprehensive product portfolio.

SALE OF 3.12% OF THE SHARE CAPITAL
BY THE FRENCH STATE

On March 27, 2013, the French State finalized the sale of a 3.12%
stake in Safran's share capital by way of a private institutional
placement through an accelerated book building process reserved
for institutional investors. The French State's holding in Safran now
stands at 27.08%.

The French State has indicated that, in accordance with article 11 of
Law 86-912 of August 6, 1986, it will offer shares of the Company to
Safran employees at a later date. The French State further indicated
that the shares will be offered under preferential conditions.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN
