A.3 REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Dear shareholders,

Despite a difficult economic environment and
special burdens in the project business, Siemens’
overall performance in fiscal 2012 was respectable.

In fiscal 2012, the Supervisory Board performed the duties assigned to it by law, the Siemens Articles
of Association and the Bylaws for the Supervisory Board. We regularly advised the Managing Board
on the management of the Company and monitored the Managing Board's activities. We were directly
involved in all major decisions regarding the Company. In written and oral reports, the Managing
Board regularly provided us with timely and comprehensive information on Company planning and
business operations as well as on the strategic development and current state of the Company.
Deviations from business plans were explained to us in detail. The Managing Board coordinated with
us the Company’s strategic orientation. On the basis of reports submitted by the Managing Board,
we considered in detail all business transactions of major significance to the Company. The proposals
made by the Managing Board were approved after detailed examination and consultation. We held

a total of six regular meetings.

In my capacity as Chairman of the Supervisory Board, I was in regular contact with the Managing Board
between Supervisory Board meetings and was kept up-to-date on current developments in the Company's
business situation and on key business transactions. At separate strategy meetings, I discussed with
the Managing Board the perspectives and future orientation of the Company’s individual businesses.

Work in the Supervisory Board committees

To ensure the efficiency of its work, the Supervisory Board has a total of six standing committees, which
prepare the proposals for the Supervisory Board as well as the issues to be dealt with at the Board's
plenary meetings. Where legally permissible, the Supervisory Board's decision-making powers are also
delegated to these committees. The chairpersons of the committees report to the Supervisory Board
on the committees’ work at the subsequent Board meetings. The composition of the individual Super-
visory Board committees and the number of committee meetings and decisions are shown in chapter
> D.7 SUPERVISORY BOARD AND MANAGING BOARD, PAGES 234-235 below.

The Chairman’s Committee met six times in fiscal 2012. It also voted on five proposals using a
notional, or written, voting process. Between meetings, I discussed topics of particular importance
to the Company with the members of the Chairman's Committee. The Committee dealt with corporate-
governance-related matters, including the Declaration of Conformity with the German Corporate
Governance Code, with the preparation of decisions concerning Managing Board compensation, with
the assumption by Managing Board members of positions in other companies and institutions, and
Dr. Gerhard Cromme
Chairman
with a variety of personnel-related topics. The Committee endorsed a decision by the Managing Board
to issue warrant bonds with a value of up to US$5 billion and amended the Articles of Association after
the Company’s capital stock had been reduced as a result of the Managing Board's decision to retire
treasury stock that had been acquired as part of a share buyback program.

The Mediation Committee was not required to meet in fiscal 2012.

The Finance and Investment Committee met three times. It also voted on five proposals using
a notional, or written, voting process. The focuses of its meetings included the preparation of the
decision regarding the budget for fiscal 2012, the further development of the Company’s medium-
term strategy, the Company’s pension system and the approval of Company investment projects.

The Audit Committee met six times. In the presence of the independent auditors, the President and
Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the General Counsel, the Committee discussed
the financial statements and the Combined Management Report for Siemens AG and Siemens world-
wide, the proposal for the appropriation of net income and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, the Audit Committee made a recommen-
dation to the Supervisory Board regarding the Supervisory Board's proposal to the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting concerning the election of the independent auditors. The Audit Committee also gave in-depth
consideration to the appointment of the independent auditors for fiscal 2012, to monitoring the audi-
tors’ independence and qualifications as well as the additional services they perform, to determining
their fee and to the audit reviews of the Company’s quarterly financial reports and the half-year finan-
cial report. In addition, the Audit Committee dealt with the Company’s financial reporting process
and risk management system and with the effectiveness, resources and findings of the internal audit
as well as with reports concerning potential and pending legal disputes. The Audit Committee also
focused on Company compliance with the provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOA)
and on the internal audit of the effectiveness of our internal controls, regulatory compliance and the
integrity of our financial reporting.

The Compliance Committee met five times in fiscal 2012. At its meetings, which were generally attended
by Dr. Theodor Waigel in his capacity as Monitor, the Committee discussed primarily the quarterly reports
and the annual report submitted by the Chief Compliance Officer and the Chief Counsel Compliance.
The Committee also concerned itself with the preparation of the communications measures to be imple-
mented in connection with the conclusion of the Monitorship.

The Nominating Committee met six times in fiscal 2012 in order to prepare the election of the
Supervisory Board's shareholder representatives by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Siemens AG
on January 23, 2013. When preparing the list of candidates to be proposed to the Supervisory Board,
the Nominating Committee took into account the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act,
the German Corporate Governance Code and the Bylaws for the Supervisory Board as well as the
goals that the Supervisory Board had set for its own composition. The Nominating Committee consid-
ered, in particular, the character, integrity, commitment, professionalism and independence of the
individuals recommended for nomination. With a view to the Company’s international orientation,
the Nominating Committee attached particular importance to ensuring that a sufficient number of
members had extensive international experience. It also endeavored to ensure that the participation
of women was appropriate and that at least six shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board
were independent in the meaning of Section 5.4.2 of the German Corporate Governance Code. The
Nominating Committee recommended that the Supervisory Board propose to the Annual Shareholders’
Meeting on January 23, 2013 that Dr. Gerhard Cromme, Dr. Josef Ackermann, Gerd von Brandenstein,
Michael Diekmann, Dr. Hans Michael Gaul, Prof. Dr. Peter Gruss and Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kammiller be
reelected and that Gérard Mestrallet, Gtiler Sabanci and Werner Wenning be elected for the first time

to serve as shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board. At an election held on September 25,
2012 in accordance with the provisions of the German Codetermination Act, the following individuals
were elected to serve as employee representatives on the Supervisory Board, effective the end of

the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 23, 2013: Berthold Huber, Lothar Adler, Bettina Haller,
Hans-Jurgen Hartung, Robert Kensbock, Harald Kern, Jurgen Kerner, Dr. Rainer Sieg, Birgit Steinborn
and Sibylle Wankel.

Topics at the plenary meetings of the Supervisory Board

Regular topics of discussion at the Supervisory Board's plenary meetings were revenue, profit and
employment development at Siemens AG, at the Sectors and at Siemens worldwide as well as the
Company’s financial position, profitability and major investment and divestment projects. The Manag-
ing Board reported to us regularly and comprehensively on Company planning and on the Company's
strategic development, business operations and current situation.

At our meeting on November 9, 2011, we discussed the key financial figures for fiscal 2011 and approved
the budget for 2012. We also determined the compensation of Managing Board members for fiscal 2011
on the basis of their achievement of performance-related targets. The appropriateness of this compen-
sation was confirmed by an independent compensation consultant.

At our meeting on November 30, 2011, we primarily discussed the financial statements and the Com-
bined Management Report for Siemens AG and Siemens worldwide as of September 30, 2011 as well as
the agenda for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 24, 2012. We also discussed the Annual
Report for 2011 — in particular, the “Corporate Governance report” included therein — and established
the targets for Managing Board compensation in fiscal 2012.

At our meeting on January 23, 2012, the Managing Board reported on the Company’s business and
financial position following the conclusion of the first quarter. We also conducted by-elections for the
Audit Committee and the Finance and Investment Committee.

At our meeting on April 24, 2012, the Managing Board reported on the Company’s business and finan-
cial position following the conclusion of the second quarter of fiscal 2012. In addition, the Energy
Sector reported on the situation in its business. We also discussed profit protection measures with the
Managing Board.

At our meeting on July 25, 2012, we discussed the Company’s business and financial position follow-
ing the conclusion of the third quarter and decided to approve the Managing Board's plan to acquire
Siemens shares in order to retire them, offer them for purchase to employees, members of the govern-
ing bodies of Affiliated Companies and members of the Managing Board and/or use them to service
convertible bonds or warrant bonds. In addition, we concerned ourselves with the new version of the
German Corporate Governance Code of May 15, 2012. The Healthcare Sector also reported on the
situation in its business.
At our meeting on September 19, 2012, the Managing Board provided us with an overview of the
current state of the Company. On the occasion of the opening of an information and dialogue center
for urban development in London, the Infrastructure & Cities Sector reported on the situation in its
business. In addition, the Regional Company reported on business development in the UK. We were
also provided with an overview of the activities of Siemens Corporate Technology and approved the
acquisition of LMS International NV, Leuven (Belgium). LMS International NV is a leading provider of
industry software for the testing and mechatronic simulation of complex products.

Corporate Governance Code

The Supervisory Board concerned itself with the provisions of and amendments to the German Corpo-
rate Governance Code. At our meeting on July 25, 2012, we discussed the amendments to the German
Corporate Governance Code contained in the new version of May 15, 2012. At our subsequent meeting
on September 19, 2012, the Bylaws for the Supervisory Board were amended to take into account the
requirements of the new version of the Code. In addition, we adjusted the concrete goals for the Super-
visory Board's composition — which are set out in chapter —> B.1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT, PAGES 22-25
below — in order to take those requirements into account and determined that, in our estimation, the
Supervisory Board had an appropriate number of independent members. Information on corporate
governance at the Company and a detailed report on the level and structure of the compensation paid
to the members of the Supervisory and Managing Boards is provided in chapter —> 8.4 COMPENSATION
REPORT, PAGES 31-43 below. At their meetings on September 10 and 19, 2012, respectively, the Managing
Board and the Supervisory Board approved the issuance of an unqualified Declaration of Conformity
pursuant to Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), stating that the Company
complies with all the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code in the version of
May 15, 2012 and will continue to do so in the future. The exception mentioned in the Declaration of
Conformity of October 1, 2011 — namely, that the current compensation rules for the Supervisory Board
do not stipulate a performance-related compensation component — no longer applies since the new
version of the Code no longer includes a recommendation regarding the performance-related compen-
sation of supervisory board members. Siemens’ Declaration of Conformity with the German Corporate
Governance Code is permanently available to shareholders on the Company’s website.

Detailed discussion of the financial statements

Emst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprtifungsgesellschaft audited the Annual Financial Statements of
Siemens AG, the Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens worldwide and the Combined Manage-
ment Report for Siemens AG and Siemens worldwide for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 in
accordance with the requirements of the German Commercial Code (HGB) and approved them without
reservation. The Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG and the Combined Management Report
for Siemens AG and Siemens worldwide were prepared in accordance with the requirements of German
commercial law. The Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens worldwide were prepared in
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the European
Union (EU), and with the additional requirements set out in Section 315a (1) of the German Commercial
Code (HGB). The financial statements also comply with the IFRS, as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The independent auditors conducted their audit in accordance
with Section 317 of the HGB and in compliance with the generally accepted German standards for the
audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprtifer (IDW) and with the
International Standards on Auditing (ISA). The above-mentioned documents as well as the Managing
Board's proposal for the appropriation of net income were submitted to us by the Managing Board ina
timely manner. The Audit Committee discussed the Managing Board's proposal for the appropriation of
net income in detail at its meeting on November 6, 2012. The Committee discussed the Annual Financial
Statements of Siemens AG, the Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens worldwide and the
Combined Management Report in detail at its meeting on November 27, 2012.

The audit reports prepared by Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprtuifungsgesellschaft were distributed
to all members of the Supervisory Board and comprehensively reviewed at our meeting on November 28,
2012 in the presence of the independent auditors, who reported on the main findings of their audit.
The independent auditors also reported that there were no major weaknesses in the Company’s internal
audit or risk management systems. At this meeting, the Managing Board explained the financial state-
ments of Siemens AG and Siemens worldwide as well as the Company’s risk management system. The
independent auditors also discussed the scope, focal points and costs of the audit.

We concur with the results of the audit. Following the definitive findings of the examination by the
Audit Committee and our own examination, we have no objections. The Managing Board prepared the
Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG and the Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens
worldwide. We adopted the Annual Financial Statements and approved the Consolidated Financial State-
ments. We endorse the Managing Board's proposal that the net income available for distribution be
used to pay out a dividend of €3.00 per share entitled to a dividend and that the amount of net income
attributable to shares of stock not entitled to receive a dividend for fiscal 2012 be carried forward.

Changes in the composition of the Supervisory and Managing Boards

Dieter Scheitor resigned from the Supervisory Board, effective the end of the regular Annual Share-
holders’ Meeting on January 24, 2012. Effective January 25, 2012, Jurgen Kerner was appointed to the
Supervisory Board by court order. At the Supervisory Board meeting on January 23, 2012, Mr. Kerner
was elected to succeed Mr. Scheitor as employee representative on the Audit Committee and the Finance
and Investment Committee, effective January 25, 2012. The Supervisory Board would like to thank
Mr. Scheitor for his many years of loyal support.

There were no changes in the composition of the Managing Board in fiscal 2012.
The Supervisory Board would like to thank the members of the Managing Board as well as the employees

and the employee representatives of all Siemens companies for their work.

For the Supervisory Board

wi Cone

Dr. Gerhard Cromme
Chairman
Berlin and Munich, November 28, 2012
18

% .867) 95)2),997 %) /5Q961* *).

%A 9

| CHANGE IN THE VALUE OF AN INVESTMENT IN SIEMENS SHARES IN FISCAL 2012 (4567 85(58),89 *)5,()96)8; 5,8)<)8)

in % | September #:, ":!!

September #:, ":!"

140

130

120

110

100

90

80

70

=—= Siemens —  DAX® MSCI World

The Siemens share price developed positively over the course

of scal !"#!. However, the markets were volatile during this

period due to ongoing uncertainty in the eurozone. After in -
creasing at the beginning of the scal year, stock markets in

general and the Siemens share price in particular declined for

several months. Then, in June !"#!, a positive stock market

trend began. This trend continued until the end of scal !"#! -In
Augus t !"#!, the Company launched a share buyback prog ram.
From the start of the buyback program until the end of the

scal year , the Siemens share price gained more than #$%.

In the last few years, we have increased our dividend several

times — in some cases subs tantially — fom %#.&" per share in
scal !""" to %$."" per share in scal !"##. In line with the div -
idend policy of the One Siemens framework, we intend for our
shareholders to prot signicantly from Siemens nancial
success again this year. As a result, the Managing Board and
Supervisory Board will propose a dividend payment of %$.""
per share for scal !"#!, representing a payout ratio of (&%.
Siemens AG continues to have a very sound nancial basis. In
an environment in which the ratings of many countries have
come under pressure, the Company continues to enjoy good
investment-grade credit ratings. In the course of the above-
mentioned share buyback program, we repurchased shares up

to the end of November !"#! with a value of about %!.’ billion.
In Sept ember !"#!, the Company also retired some $$.! million
of its own shares, thereby reducing its capital stock from about
’#) million shares to **# million.

% .&.’Stock markets —
Siemens share price increases

Re ecting economic developments, the stock market envi -
ronment was characterized by continuously increasing share
prices during t he rst four months of scal !"#! (October #,
!"## to January $#, !"#!). These gains were then lost in the
following months, with prices bottoming out in June !"#!.

1 A. To our Shareholders 21° 2B.

Corporate Governance

The markets subsequently recovered steadily from this
trough, again reaching their previous high for the year toward
the end of scal !"#!.

Over the entire scal year, Siemens stock performed compara
tively well in this market environment, closing at %++.&# per
share on September $", !"#!. For shareholders who reinvested
their dividends, this amounted to a gain of #*.&% (scal !"##:

a loss of ’.(%) compared to the closing price a year earlier. The
Siemens share performed somewhat more weakly than the
leading international index, MSCI World (which rose !#.&%),
and remained noticeably behind the leading index of the
German stock market, the DAX (which advanced $#.!%).

LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE OF SIEMENS SHARES
COMPARED WITH LEADING INDICES
| (%)* %) %,- _Tol)*0 1*2 %3) 456 7 85(58),89 *)5,096)8)

Ten-year period FY "st —FY "2!"

Siemens <a |
DAX® 10.1%
MSCI World 8.0%

A long-term comparison illustrates the strength of the Siemens
share: the assets of an investor who acquired Siemens stock
worth %#,""" at the beginning of scal !""$ and reinvested
the dividends in additional Siemens shares would have in
creased to %!,’## by the end of scal !"#!. This annual return
of ##.$% is noticeably above the corresponding results for the
DAX $" (+#".#%) and MSCI World (+*."%).

%.&.;Stable dividend proposed

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting, the Managing Board and
the Supervisory Board will propose a dividend payment of
%§$."". After the substantial dividend increases in scal !"#"

49 ©. Combined Management Report

1 A. Letter to our Shareholders
10 A." Managing Board of Siemens AG
12 A.# Report of the Supervisory Board
18 A.S The Siemens share/Investor relations
| DIVIDEND

Fiscal year FY ":!" FY "2! FY "1: FY "2:2 FY "::@
Dividend per share (in A) 3.001 3.00 2.70 1.60 1.60
Dividend yield (in %)? 3.9 3.9 2.9 24 3.6
Ex-dividend date Jan. 24, 2013 Jan. 25, 2012 Jan. 26, 2011 Jan. 27, 2010 an. 28, 2009

Net income (in millions of A) 4,590 6,321 4,068 2,497 5,886
Total dividend payout (in millions of A) 2,528 3 2,629 2,356 1,388 1,380
Payout ratio (in %) 4 56 41 58 56 23

1 To be proposed to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting

2 Dividend payout/Siemens share price on day of Annual Shareholders’ Meeting;
for fiscal ":!": dividend payout /Siemens share price at fiscal year-end

and scal !"##, this proposal re ects our earnings position in
scal !"#! and is in strict accordance with our payout policy.
Representing a payout ratio of (&%, this proposal continues
our tradition of paying attractive dividends to our investors.

%.&.=share buyback program
and reduction of capital stock

In August !"#!, against the backdrop of favorable capital market
conditions, Siemens optimized its capital structure and initiated
a buyback of Company stock with a value of approximately
%\.
November +, !"#!, a total of about $* million shares were

billion. Under this program, which was nalized on

o”

acquir ed at an average price of %+&.’" per share. The repur -
chased shares can be used to cancel and reduce capital stock,

to issue shares to employees, the board members of Af liated
Companies and members of the Managing Board and to service
convertible bonds and warrant bonds. The share buyback was

nanced through long-term debt.

In addition to the share buyback program, the Company also

retired approximately $$.! million of its own shares in Septem -
ber !"#!, thereby reducing its capital stock from about ’#) mil -
lion shares to **# million.

| INVESTOR TYPE AND REGIONAL DISTRIBUTION

3 Based on currently estimated number of shares entitled to dividend payment

4 Excluding non-cash items in fiscal "::? and fiscal ":!: (NSN and DX impairment
charges), the payout ratio equaled #$% in fiscal "::? and $B% in fiscal ":!:

%.&.&hareholder structure

With some +)",""" shareholders, Siemens AG is one of the

world s largest publicly owned companies. An analysis of our
shareholder structure conducted in August !"#! showed that
shareholders in Germany hold the largest percentage of our

share capital, about $"% of all outstanding shares. Sharehold -
ers in the U.S. hold roughly #&% and shareholders in the U.K.,
around ’%, while investors in France and Switzerland hold *%

and &%, respectively.

Some (’% of Siemens outstanding shares are currently held
by institutional investors, about !"% by private shareholders
and around &% by members of the Siemens family.

% .&.Credit ratings

Siemens AG has good, investment-grade credit ratings:
Aa$/P-#/outlook stable from Moody s Investors Service and
A+/A-#+/outlook stable from Standard & Poor s are very posi -
tive ratings — paticularly when compared to those of our com -
petitors in the industry segment. Our solid nancial position

gives us unrestricted access to the international nancial and

capital markets.

Institutional
investors: 59%"

Siemens family
members: $%?

a
~

Unidentified

Private investors: 20% investors: %&%

Germany: !"% | Switzerland: $%
YS France: 8%

o————_ Rest of Europe: 7%

U.K.: #% @ @. Rest of world: 9%
U.S.: 16% I Unidentified: 15%

1 This figure includes a C.:"% stake in Siemens’ capital stock held by BlackRock Holdco "
Inc., Wilmington, U.S., a C.:!% stake in Siemens’ capital stock held by BlackRock, Inc.,
New York, U.S., and a #.:$% stake in Siemens’ capital stock held by the State of Qatar,
Doha, Qatar (represented by the DIC Company Limited, George Town, Grand Cayman),
as reported to us by these organizations.

135 D. Consolidated Financial Statements 239 £.

2 This figure includes a !.#:% stake in Siemens capital stock for which the von Siemens-
Vermégensverwaltung GmbH exercises voting rights under powers of attorney anda
#.:#% stake held by the Werner von Siemens Stiftung, Zug, Switzerland, as reported to
us by the Stiftung.

Additional Information

19
STOCK MARKET INFORMATION

At the end of scal !"#!, the net debt of Siemens AG was
(5, E, -,.)99 167)*459) 5,853 _%)8)

%’ ,\’! million, with cash and cash equivalents of %#",*’# mil

lion. For further information on our credit ratings and nancial FY" 1 FYI)
obligations, please see —> NOTE 28 TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL Stock price range (Xetra closing price)
STATEMENTS, PAGES 190-191. High 79.71 99.38
Low 63.06 64.45
| CREDIT RATINGS Fiscal year-end 77.61 68.12
September #:, ":!" September #:, ":!! Number of shares sec eB ona
Moody's Moody's (September #:, in millions) 91
Investors Standard & Investors Standard & Market capitalization (in millions of A)? 66,455 59,554
Service Poor's Service Poor's . 5
Basic earnings per share
Long-term debt Aa3 A+ Al A+ (from continuing operations) ? 5.77 8.23
Short-term debt P-1 A-l+ P-1 A-l+ Diluted earnings per share
(from continuing operations) ? 5.71 8.14
I Dividend per share 3.00 4 3.00

1. Fiscal year from October ! to September #:

%.& Siemens on the capital market 2 On the basis of outstanding shares

3 Regarding activities classified as discontinued operations, prior periods are presented
on a comparable basis.

We take our responsibility to maintain an intensive dialogue 4 To be proposed to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting

with the capital market very seriously. Cultivating close con

tacts with our shareholders, we keep them informed of all ma -
jor developments throughout Siemens.

% .&.Profit-sharing culture/
Stock-based compensation programs

As part of our investor relations work, we provide information

on the Company s development in quarterly, semiannual and
annual reports. Our CEO and CFO also maintain close contact
with investors through roadshows and conferences. In addi
tion, Siemens holds Sector Capital Market Days, at which the
management of our Sectors informs investors and analysts
about the Sectors business strategies and market environ
ments.

We also provide extensive information online. Quarterly, semi

Siemens has set itself the goal of more intensively fostering a
pro t-sharing culture at the Company and encouraging em
ployees to become shareholders. That s why we offer various
share-based payment programs to our employees. In scal
!"#!, (!!(4#$* Siemens shares were issued to service these
programs, namely, the Stock Awards program, the Share
Matching Program (including the Base Share Program, the
Share Matching Plan and the Monthly Investment Plan) and the
Jubilee Program. Non-vested and outstanding grants under the

annual and annual reports, analyst presentations, press re - various plans will result in additional share issuances to em -

leas es and our nancial calendar for the current year (please ployees in the future. For more detailed information on shar e-

see —> FINANCIAL CALENDAR, PAGE 251), which includes all major based payment, please see — NOTE 33 TO THE CONSOLIDATED

20

publication dates as well as the date of the Annual Share
holders Meeting, are available at

WWW.SIEMENS.COM/INVESTORS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, PAGES 208-211.

Our Company-wide Share Ownership Guidelines specify that
the members of the Managing Board and roughly ((" senior
executives must hold an interest in Siemens equal in value to
between ("% and $""% of their base compensation for the
period in whic h they hold of ce. For further information on
our employee share programs, please see
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, PAGES 208-211.

— NOTE 33 TO THE
B. Cor porate Governance

!.". Corpor ate Governance Report
"## Manag ement and control structure
"#.! Pur chase or sale of

the Company s shares
"#.& Shar eholder relations

"#  Signicant dif ferences between

B. Corpor ate Governance

Siemens corporate governance and
NYSE Corporate Governance Standards

Corpor ate Governance statement pursuant to
Section $%&a of the German Commercial Code
(part of the Combined Management Report)

!.” Compliance Report
".&# Our com pliance priorities
".&.! Integrity dialogue — Communication
between managers and employees
* ".&.& Com pliance risk assessments
at business units
* "\&.’ Collectiv e action — Supporting business
success through fair competition

&# !.( Compensation Report
(part of the Combined Management Report)
&# ".# Remuneration of members
of the Managing Board
*! "2.1 Remuneration of members
of the Supervisory Board
*& "’.& Other

** 1.) Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to Sections $%& para.
+,- para. * of t he German Commercial Code) and explanatory report
(part of the Combined Management Report)

$$

"# 234534678 93:84;6; 28485347

Good corporate governance is the basis for our decision-mak -
ing and control processes and comprises responsible, value-

based management and monitoring focused on long-term suc -
cess, goal-oriented and ef cient cooperation between our
Managing and Supervisory Boards, respect for the interests of

our shareholders and employees, transparency and responsi -
bility in all our entrepreneurial decisions and an appropriate

risk management system.

Siemens AG fully complies with all recommendations of the
German Corporate Governance Code (Code) in the version of
May !", #$!#.

The Managing Board and the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG

have discussed compliance with the Code s recommendations

in detail. Based on their deliberations, the boards have ap -
proved the annual Declaration of Conformity as of October !,

#$!#. This document is posted on our website and available on

> /OL #2.

Siemens voluntarily complies with the Codes non-binding
suggestions, with the following exception:

> In scal #$!!, t he Supervisory Board decided to appoint Dr.
Roland Busch, Klaus Helmrich and Dr. Michael S § to the
Managing Board, each for a term of ve years, and therefore
to no longer follow the suggestion set out in Section ".!.#
para. # sentence ! of the Code, according to which the maxi

mum possible appointment period of ve years should not
be the rule for rst-time appointments to a managing board.

Our listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) subjects

us to a number of provisions under U.S. securities laws (in -
cluding the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOA) as well as to the rules
and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis
sion (SEC) and the NYSE. To facilitate our compliance with the
SOA, we have, among other things, a Disclosure Committee in

place, comprising the heads of a number of our Corporate

Units. This committee is responsible for reviewing certain -
nancial and non- nancial information and advising our Man -
aging Board in its decisions regarding disclosure. We also have
procedures in place that require the members of the manage -
ment of our Sectors, Divisions, Financial Services, Cross-Sec -
tor Services, Regional Clusters and certain Corporate Units —
supported by certi cations provided by the management of

entities under their direction — to conrm to us the correct -
ness of the nancial data that they have reported to Siemens
corporate headquarters and the effectiveness of the related

control systems. Their con rmation provides a basis for our

CEO and CFO to certify our nancial statements to the SEC.
Consistent with the requirements of the SOA, we have proce -

dures for handling accounting complaints in place as well as
a Code of Ethics for Financial Matters. This Code of Ethics for
Financial Matters was last updated in #$!$.

"## Manag ement and control structure

yum

34. 15673859 !8 / 5:

Siemens AG is subject to German corporate law. It has a two-

tier board structure, consisting of a Managing Board and a Su -
pervisory Board. As required by the German Codetermination

Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz), the Company s shareholders
and its employees each select one-half of the Super visor y
Board s members. The term of of ce of the current members of

the Supervisory Board will expire at the close of the Annual

Shareholders Meeting #$!%.

The Supervisory Board rst de ned the objectives for its com -
position in scal #$!$. At its meeting on September !&, #$!#, it

modi ed these objectives in order to bring them into line with

Section ".’.! of the amended Code of May !", #$!# and reap -
proved them as follows:

> The com position of the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG
shall be such that qualied control and advising for the
Managing Board is ensured. The candidates proposed for
election to the Supervisory Board shall have the expertise,
skills and professional experience necessary to carry out the
functions of a Supervisory Board member in a multinational
company and safeguard the reputation of Siemens in public.
In particular, care shall be taken in regard to the personality,
integrity, commitment, professionalism and independence
of the individuals proposed for election. The goal is to en

sure that, in the Supervisory Board, as a group, all know-
how and experience is available that is considered essential
in view of Siemens activities.

> Taking the Company  s international orientation into ac -
count, care shall also be taken to ensure that the Super -
visor y Board has an adequate number of members with
extensive international experience. The goal for the next
Super visory Board election in #$!% is to make sure that the
present considerable share of Supervisory Board members
with international background is maintained.

> In its election pr oposals, the Supervisory Board shall also
pay particular attention to the appropriate participation of
women. Quali ed women shall already be included in the
initial process of selecting potential candidates for new elec -
tions or for the lling of Supervisory Board positions that
have become vacant and shall be considered, as appropriate,
in nominations. There are currently four women on our
Super visory Board. Our goal is, at the minimum, to maintain

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporate Governance
22 B+ Corporate Governance Report 31 B.O Compensation Report
28 B., Corporate Governance statement pursuant to (part of the Combined Management Report)
Section ,-.aoft he German Commercial Code 44 B.1  Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
(part of the Combined Management Report) Sections ,-. para. 0 and/+1 par a. 0 of the
29 B./ Compliance Report German Commercial Code) and explanatory report

(part of the Combined Management Report)
and, if possible, to increase this number at the next Super -
visory Board election in #$!%. It is also intended that a woman
join the Nominating Committee following this Supervisory
Board election.

> An adeq uate number of independent members shall belong
to the Supervisory Board. Material and not only temporary
con icts of interest, such as organizational functions or ad -
visory capacities with major competitors of the company,
shall be avoided. Under the presumption that the mere exer -
cise of Supervisory Board duties as an employee representa -
tive gives no cause to doubt the compliance with the inde -
pendence criteria pursuant to Section ".’.# of the Code, the
Supervisory Board shall have a minimum of sixteen mem -
bers who are independent in the meaning of the Code. In
any case, the Supervisory Board shall be composed in such a
way that a number of at least six independent shareholder
representatives in the meaning of Section ".’.# of the Code
is achieved. In addition, the Supervisory Board members
shall have suf cient time to be able to devote the necessary
regularity and diligence to their mandate.

> The ag e limitation established in the Bylaws of the Supervi -
sory Board will be taken into consideration. In addition, no
more than two former members of the Managing Board of
Siemens AG shall belong to the Supervisory Board.

The s tatus of implementation of these objectives can be sum -
marized as follows: On September #", #$!#, three women were
elected, pursuant to the German Codetermination Act s provi -
sions regarding the election of employee representatives to a
supervisory board,to serve as employee representatives on
Siemens Supervisory Board. Their terms of of ce will begin at

the close of the Annual Shareholders Meeting on January #%,
#$!%. In scal #$!#, the Nominating Committee met six times

in order to prepare the election of the Supervisory Board s
shareholder representatives by the Annual Shareholders Meet -
ing #$!%. In proposing candidates to the Supervisory Board,

the Nominating Committee took into account not only the re -
quirements of the German Stock Corporation Act, the Code

and the Bylaws for the Supervisory Board but also the Super -
visor y Board s objectives for its composition. On the basis of

the Nominating Committee s the Supervisory Board will pro
pose that the Annual Shareholders Meeting #$!% elect as
shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board several
candidates who are currently engaged in international activi -
ties and/or have many years of international experience. The
candidates will include two women, one of whom is intended

to join the Nominating Committee following the Supervisory

Board election.

Some Supervisory Board members hold — or have held in the
past year — high-ranking positions at other companies with

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135 D.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements

which Siemens does business. Nevertheless, transactions be -
tween Siemens and such companies are carried out on an

arm s length basis. We believe that these transactions do not
compromise the independence of the Supervisory Board mem -
bers in question.

The Supervisory Board oversees and advises the Managing

Board in its management of the Company s business. At regu
lar intervals, the Supervisory Board discusses business devel -
opment, planning, strategy and implementation. It reviews

the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG, the Consoli -
dated Financial Statements of Siemens worldwide, Manage -
ment Reports of these nancial statements and the proposal

for the appropriation of net income. It also discusses Siemens
quarterly and half-yearly reports and approves the Annual Fi -

nancial Statements of Siemens AG as well as the Consolidated

Financial Statements of Siemens worldwide, taking into ac
count both the audit reports issued by the independent audi -
tors thereon and the results of the review conducted by the
Audit Committee. In addition, the Supervisory Board concerns
s adherence to the statutory provi

itself with the Company

sions, of cial regulations and internal Company policies (com
pliance). It also appoints the members of the Managing Board
and determines each member s duties. Important Managing
Board decisions — such as those regarding major acquisitions,
divestments and nancial measures — require Supervisory
Board approval, unless the Bylaws for the Supervisory Board
specify that such authority be delegated to the Finance and In -
vestment Committee of the Supervisory Board. In the Bylaws

for the Managing Board, the Supervisory Board has established

the rules that govern the work of the Managing Board — in par -
ticular, the rules regarding the allocation of duties among indi -
vidual Managing Board members, the matters reserved for the
Managing Board as a whole and the quorum required for Man -
aging Board decisions.

The Supervisory Board currently has six committees whose du -
ties, responsibilities and procedures ful Il the requirements of

the German Stock Corporation Act and the Code, re ect appli -
cable SOA requirements and incorporate applicable NYSE rules

as well as certain NYSE rules, with which Siemens AG com
plies voluntarily. Each committee s chairperson provides the
Supervisory Board with regular reports regarding the activities
of his or her committee.

The Chairman s Committee , which comprises the Chairman
and Deputy Chairmen of the Supervisory Board as well as one
further employee representative elected by the Supervisory
Board, performs the collective tasks of a nominating, compen -
sation and corporate governance committee to the extent

that such tasks are not performed by the Nominating Commit -

239 E. — Additional Information

$+
$e

tee and German law does not require that such tasks be per
formed by the full Supervisory Board. In particular, the Chair
man s Committee makes proposals regarding the appointment
and dismissal of Managing Board members, handles contracts
with members of the Managing Board, prepares the determi
nation of Managing Board compensation and the review of the
Managing Board compensation system to be conducted at the
Supervisory Boards plenary meetings. In preparing recom
mendations on the appointment of Managing Board members,
the Chairman s Committee takes into account a candidate s
professional quali cations, international experience and lead
ership qualities, the board s long-range plans for succession as
well as the board s diversity and, in particular, the appropriate
consideration of women. The Chairman s Committee concerns
itself with questions regarding the Company s corporate gov
ernance and prepares the resolution regarding the Declaration

of Conformity with the Code to be approved by the Supervisory
Board. Furthermore, the Chairman s Committee submits rec
ommendations to the Supervisory Board regarding the compo-
sition of Supervisory Board committees and decides whether

to approve business transactions with Managing Board mem

bers and parties related to them.

The Audit Committee
sory Board, two of the Supervisory Board s shareholder repre

comprises the Chairman of the Supervi

sentatives and three of the Supervisory Board s employee rep
resentatives. According to German law, the Audit Committee
must include at least one independent Supervisory Board
member with knowledge and experience in the application of
accounting principles or the auditing of nancial statements.
The Chairman of the Audit Committee, Dr. Hans Michael Gaul,
ful lls these German statutory requirements. The Supervisory
Dr. Hans Michael Gaul — in addition to
Dr. Gerhard Cromme — as an audit committee nancial ex
pert, as dened by the SOA and the regulations of the SEC.
The Audit Committee oversees the accounting process. It also

Board has designated

prepares the Supervisory Board s recommendation to the An
nual Shareholders Meeting concerning the election of the in
dependent auditors and submits the corresponding proposal
to the full Supervisory Board. Furthermore, in addition to the
work performed by the independent auditors, the Audit Com
mittee discusses the Company s nancial statements prepared
quarterly, half-yearly and annually by the Managing Board. On
the basis of the independent auditors report on the annual
nancial statements, the Audit Committee makes, after its own
review, recommendations to the Supervisory Board regarding
the approval of the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens
AG and the Consolidated Financial Statements of Siemens
worldwide. It concerns itself with the Company s risk monitor
ing system and oversees the effectiveness of the internal con

trol system as this relates, in particular, to nancial reporting,

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B.

22 B+
28 2B.
Section ,-.a of t

29 BJ

Corpor ate Governance

Corpor ate Governance Report 31 BO
Corpor ate Governance statement pursuant to
he German Commercial Code
(part of the Combined Management Report)
Compliance Report

the risk management system and the internal audit system.
The Internal Audit Department reports regularly to the Audit
Committee. The Audit Committee awards the audit contract to
the independent audit ors elected by the Annual Shareholders
Meeting and monitors the independent audit of the nancial
statements — including, in particular, the auditor s indepen -
dence, professional expertise and services — and performs

other functions assigned to it under the SOA.

The Compliance Committee comprises the Chairman of the
Supervisory Board, two of the Supervisory Board s shareholder
representatives and three of the Supervisory Board s employee
representatives. The Compliance Committee concerns itself, in
particular, with the Company _ s adherence to the statutory pro -
visions, of cial regulations and internal Company policies.

The Nominating Committee , which comprises the Chairman

of the Supervisory Board and two of the Supervisory Board s
shareholder representatives, is responsible for making recom -
mendations to the Supervisory Board s shareholder represen -
tatives regarding the shareholder candidates to be proposed for

election to the Supervisory Board by the Annual Shareholders
Meeting. In preparing these recommendations, the objectives

speci ed by the Supervisory Board regarding its composition

are to be taken into account as well as the re quired knowledge,
abilities and experience of the proposed candidates; attention

shall also to be paid to independence, diversity and, in particu -
lar, the appropriate participation of women.

The Mediation Committee , which comprises the Chairman of

the Supervisory Board, the First Deputy Chairman (who is
elected in accordance with the German Codetermination Act),

one of the Supervisory Boards shareholder representatives

and one of the Supervisory Board s employee representatives,
submits proposals to the Supervisory Board in the event that

the Supervisory Board cannot reach the two-thirds majority re -
quired for the appointment or dismissal of a Managing Board
member.

The Finance and Investment Committee comprises the
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, three of the Supervisory
Board s shareholder representatives and four of the Superviso -
ry Board s employee representatives. Based on the Company S
overall strategy, which is the focus of an annual strategy meet -

ing of the Supervisory Board, the Committee prepares the dis
cussions and resolutions of the Supervisory Board regarding
questions relating to the Company s nancial situation and
structure as well as its xed assets and nancial investments.

In addition, the Finance and Investment Committee has been
authorized by the Supervisory Board to decide on the approval

of transactions and measures that require Supervisory Board

Compensation Report

(part of the Combined Management Report)
Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
Sections ,-. para. 0 and/+1 par a. 0 of the
German Commercial Code) and explanatory report
(part of the Combined Management Report)

44 Bl
approval and have a value of less than ()$$ million. The Fi -
nance and Investment Committee also exercises the right of

the Supervisory Board pursuant to Section %# of the German
Codetermination Act to make decisions regarding the exercise

of ownership rights resulting from interests in other compa -
nies. Section %# para ! sentence # of the German Codetermina -
tion Act stipulates that decisions made by the Finance and In -
vestment Committee require only the votes of the shareholder
representatives.

The composition of the Supervisory Board and its committees

is presented in chapter > :5 34.1 5673859 18/5: /< : =/</0 KO
18/5: 8< /O1 3 ##-#°) . Information on the work of this body

> /01 3
"#-":, The compensation paid to the members of the

is provided in the Report of the Supervisory Board on

Super visory Board is explained in the Compensation Report on
> /01 3 (#-C.

I" =/</0 “KO !8/5:
As the Company _ s top management body, the Managing Board

is committed to serving the interests of the Company and
achieving sustainable growth in Company value. The mem -
bers of the Managing Board are jointly responsible for the

entir e management of the Company and decide on the basic

issues of business policy and corporate strategy as well as on

the Company - s annual and multi-year plans.
The Managing Board prepares the Company s quarterly and
half-yearly reports, the Annual Financial Statements of
Siemens AG and the Consolidated Financial Statements of
Siemens worldwide. In addition, the Managing Board must en -
sure that the Company adheres to the statutory provisions, of -
cial regulations and internal Company policies (compliance)

and works to achieve compliance with these provisions and
policies within the Siemens group. Further comprehensive in -
formation on the compliance program and related activities in

scal #$!# is available on —> /O1 3 #>-°? (Compliance Report)
and —> /01 3"?>-""". The Managing Board and the Supervisory
Board cooperate closely for the bene t of the Company. The
Managing Board informs the Supervisory Board regularly, com -
prehensively and without delay on all issues of importance to

the Company with regard to strategy, planning, business de -
velopment, nancial position, earnings, compliance and risks.

When Iling managerial positions at the Company, the Manag-

ing Board takes diversity into consideration and, in particular,
aims for an appropriate consideration of women.

The Bylaws for the Managing Board provide for the establish -
ment of committees to deal with speci c tasks. Currently, there

is one Managing Board committee, the Equity and Employee

Stock Committee. This committee comprises three members of

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135 D.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements

the Managing Board and oversees the utilization of authorized
capital in connection with the issuance of employee stock and
the implementation of certain capital measures. It also deter -
mines the scope and conditions of the share-based compensa -
tion components and _/or programs for employees and manag -

ers (with the exception of the Managing Board).

The composition of the Managing Board and its committee is
presented in chapter —>:.; 34.1 5673859 !8/5: /<: =/</0 KO
!8/5: 8< /O1 3 # @-#2of this Annual Report. Information on
the compensation paid to the members of the Managing Board

is provided in the Compensation Report on > /01 3°)-(".

W""? 3A/51 8B<153A7

As of October !#, #$!#, the Managing Board s current members

held a total of #&%,*$* (#$!!: #*,!%+) Siemens shares repre -
senting $.$% (#$!!: $.$%)% of the capital stock of Siemens AG,

which totaled **!,$$$,$$$ (#$!!: &!’ ,#$%,’#!) shares.

As of the same day, the Supervisory Board s current members
of the Supervisory Board held Siemens shares representing
less than $.$! (#$!!: less than $.$!)% of the capital stock of
Siemens AG, which totaled **!,$$$,$$$ (#$!!: &! #$%, #!)
shares. These gures do not include the !!,""’,’)’ (#$!!:
!!,+!",%’#) shares, or !.%$ (#$!!: !.4*)% of the capital stock of
Siemens AG, which totaled **!,$$$,$$$ (#$!!: &! #$%, #!)
shares, over which the von Siemens-Verm gensverwaltung
GmbH (vSV), a German limited liability company, has voting
control under powers of attorney based on an agreement
between — among others — members of the Siemens family,
including Ger d von Brandenstein, and vSV. These shares
are voted together by vSV based on proposals by the family
es tablished by the
committees. Gerd von Brandenstein is the current chairman

partnership Siemens f amily or by one of its
of the executive committee and has a deciding vote in cases
of deadlock.

"#.! Purchase or sale
of the Company  s shares

Pursuant to/)"a of the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG),
members of the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board

are legally required to disclose the purchase or sale of shares

of Siemens AG or of nancial instruments based thereon if the

total value of such transactions entered into by a board mem -
ber or any closely associated person reaches or exceeds (",$$$

in any calendar year. All transactions reported to Siemens AG

in accordance with this requirement have been duly published

and can be found on the Company s website
BBB .371=1< 3.C8=/:75 1CIB5 3-: 1/E%*K03

239 E. — Additional Information

$F

" # & Shareholder relations

Siemens AG reports to shareholders on its business develop -
ment, nancial position and earnings on a regular basis four

times a year. An ordinary Annual Shareholders Meeting, at
which we also report on business development, normally

takes place within the rst four months of each scal year. The
Managing Board facilitates shareholder participation in this
meeting through electronic communications — in particular

the Internet — and enables shareholders who are unable to at -
tend the meeting to vote by proxy. Furthermore, shareholders

may exercise their right to vote in writing or by means of elec -
tronic communications (voting by mail). The Managing Board

may enable shareholders to participate in the Annual Share -
holders Meeting without the need to be present at the venue

and without a proxy and to exercise some or all of their rights

fully or partially by means of electronic communications. The
reports, documents and information required by law, includ -
ing the Annual Report, may be downloaded from our website.

The same applies to the agenda for the Annual Shareholders
Meeting and to possible counterproposals or shareholders
nominations, if any, that are required to be disclosed.

The Annual Shareholders
things, on the appropriation of net income, the rati cation of

Meeting decides, among other

the acts of the Managing and Supervisory Boards, and the ap -
pointment of the independent auditors. Amendments to the

Articles of Association and measures that change the Compa -
ny s capital stock are approved at the Annual Shareholders
Meeting and are implemented by the Managing Board. Share -
holders may submit proposals regarding the proposals of the
Managing and Supervisory Boards and may contest decisions

of the Annual Shareholders Meeting. Shareholders owning
Siemens stock with an aggregate notional value of (!$$,$$$ or

more may also demand the appointment of special auditors to
examine speci c issues.

As part of our investor relations activities, we inform our inves -
tors comprehensively about developments within the Company.

For communication purposes, Siemens makes extensive use

of the Internet. We publish quarterly, half-yearly and annual
reports, earnings releases, ad hoc announcements, analyst pre -
sentations and press releases as well as the nancial calendar

for the current year, which contains the publication dates of

signi cant nancial communications and t he date of the Annu -
al Shareholders BBB .371=1< 3.C8=/ K6 13185 3.
Details of our investor relations activities are provided on

Meeting, at

—> /01 #2 of this Annual Report.

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporate Governance
22 B+
28 «2B.

Section ,-.a of t

29 B./ Compliance Report

Corpor ate Governance Report 31 BO
Corpor ate Governance statement pursuant to
he German Commercial Code
(part of the Combined Management Report)

1"." 5. 85/D108615</<Cl 047: 1EK13
Our Articles of Association, the Bylaws for the Supervisory
Board and for its most important committees, the Bylaws for

the Managing Board, all our Declarations of Conformity with

the Code and a variety of other corporate-governance-related

documents are posted on our website at =
C85. 85 /D1-086 15</<C1

"#. Significant differences between
Siemens corporate governance and
NYSE Corporate Governance Standards

Companies listed on the NYSE are subject to the Corporate
Governance Standards of Section %$%A (NYSE Standards) of
the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Under the NYSE Standards,
Siemens AG, as a foreign private issuer, is permitted to follow
its home-country corporate governance practices in lieu of the
NYSE Standards, except that it must comply with the NYSE
Standards in having an audit committee whose members are
independent within the meaning of the SOA as well as with
certain NYSE noti cation obligations. In addition, the NYSE
Standards require that foreign private issuers disclose any sig

ni cant differences between their own corporate governance
practices and those that the NYSE Standards require of U.S. do
mestic companies.

As a company incorporated in Germany, Siemens AG must
comply in the rst instance with the German Stock Corpora

tion Act and the German Codetermination Act and voluntarily
follows the recommendations of the German Corporate Gov

— /01 3 ###) above. Further
more, Siemens complies with all binding rules and regula

ernance Code as set out on

tions of the markets on which its securities are listed, such as
the NYSE, and also voluntarily complies with many of the
NYSE requirements that by their terms apply only to U.S. do
mestic issuers.

The signi cant differences between our governance practices
and those of domestic U.S. NYSE issuers are as follows:

1.0" DB8-D5 18/5: 3104CDt51

The German Stock Corporation Act requires Siemens AG to
have a two-tier board structure, consisting of a Managing
Board and a Supervisory Board. The two-tier structure is char
acterized by a strict separation of management and supervi
sion. The roles and responsibilities of each of the two boards
are clearly de ned by law. The composition of the Supervisory

Compensation Report

(part of the Combined Management Report)
Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
Sections ,-. para. 0 and/+1 par a. 0 of the
German Commercial Code) and explanatory report
(part of the Combined Management Report)

44 Bl

BBB .371=1< 3.C8=/
Board is determined in accordance with the German Codeter -
mination Act, which stipulates that one-half of the required

#$ Super visor y Board members are to be elected by our em -
ployees in Germany. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board is
entitled to cast a deciding vote when the Supervisory Board is
unable to reach a decision in two separate rounds of voting.

N'C# K: LA<:1<Cl

In contrast to the NYSE Standards, which require a board of
directors to af rmatively determine the independence of the
individual directors with reference to speci c tests of indepen -
dence, German law does not require the Supervisory Board to

make such af rmative ndings on an individual basis. German

law requires an audit committee to include at least one in -
dependent super visory board member with knowledge and
experience in the application of accounting principles or the
auditing of nancial statements. In addition, the Bylaws for
Siemens Supervisory Board contain several provisions to help
ensure the independence of our Supervisory Board s advice

and supervision. Furthermore, the members of our Super -
visor y and Managing Boards are strictly independent of one
another: a member of one board is legally prohibited from be -
ing concurrently active on the other. Our Supervisory Board
members have independent decision-making authority and

are legally prohibited from following any direction or instruc -
tion. Moreover, they may not enter into consulting, service or

certain other contracts with Siemens, unless approved by the
Supervisory Board. We also use the independence criteria of

the Code as guiding principles.

"(2 @==DD13
In contrast to the NYSE Standards, which require the creation
of several specic board committees, composed of indepen

dent directors and operating pursuant to written charters that

de ne their tasks and responsibilities, the Supervisory Board

of Siemens AG has assigned many of the functions of a nomi -
nating, compensation and corporate governance committee to

its Chairman s Committee and has delegated part of the re -
maining functions to its Nominating Committee. Neverthe -
less, certain responsibilities — for example, the determination

of the compensation of the members of the Managing Board —

have not been delegated to a committee because German law
requires that these functions be performed by the full Super -
visor y Board. The Audit Committee, the Chairman s Committee

and the Compliance Committee have written bylaws — adopted

by the Supervisory Board — that de ne their respective tasks

and responsibilities. The NYSE Standards were taken into con -
sideration in drawing up these bylaws.

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135 D.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements

The Audit Committee of Siemens AG is subject to the require -
ments of the SOA and the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of !&%’,

as these apply to a foreign private issuer, and performs — in co -
operation with the Compliance Committee — functions similar

to those assigned to an audit committee by the NYSE Stan -
dards. Nevertheless, German law prohibits delegating certain
responsibilities — such as the selection of independent audi -
tors (who, under German law, must be elected at the share -
holders meeting) — to a committee.

The Supervisory Board of Siemens AG also has a Finance and
Investment Committee and a Mediation Committee, the latter

of which is required under German law. Neither of these com -
mittees is required by the NYSE Standards.

"CC 3A/S51A8E 15/.. 586/ E8H1I 47D)
@=.1< 3/ DB< .E/< 3; 31BC) 51. 45CA/ 313

The NYSE Standards generally require that the domestic, i.e.

U.S. companies listed on the NYSE obtain shareholder approv -
al of all equity compensation plans (including stock option

plans) and of any material revisions to such plans. Under
German law, the creation of authorized or contingent capital

in order to issue shares requires approval by our shareholders.
Shareholders must also approve of the key points of a stock op -
tion plan as part of a decision regarding the creation of contin -
gent capital or the authorization to repurchase and use
Siemens shares for servicing a stock option plan.

Under German law, share buybacks generally require prior
shareholder authorization. Such authorization was last given

at our Annual Shareholders Meeting on January #", #$!!, and

this matter will, as a general rule, be voted upon at the expira -
tion of each authorization.

239 E. — Additional Information

$G
(.) *+,-+,/0 1+20,3.3
40*/743 )89 a +: /;0 10,5.3 *+550,

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Section !"#a

of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) is an

integ ral part of the Combined Management Report. In accor -
dance with Section $%& para. ! sentence $ of the German Com -
mercial Code, the disclosures made within the scope of Section
!"#a of the German Commercial Code are not subject to the

audit by the auditors.

#$%&’(")*+, +-  Ya,-+( *)/ 0*)1

)1$ 2$(.’, Ya 3+(?)$ 2448,’ %$ Tat $
The Managing Board and the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG
approved the following Declaration of Conformity pursuant to
Section %’% of the German Stock Corporation Act as of October
%, \(%o!:

Declaration of Conformity by the Managing Board and the
Supervisor y Board of Siemens Aktiengesellschaft with the
German Cor porate Governance Code

Siemens AG fully complies and will continue to comply with

the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance

Code ( Code ) in the version of May %), !(%!, published by the
Federal Ministry of Justice in the of cial section of the elec -
tronic Federal Gazette ( elektronischer Bundesanzeiger ).

Since making its last Declaration of Conformity dated October %,
'!(%%, Siemens AG has complied with the recommendations of
the Code in the prior version of May !’, !(%(, with the exception
stated and explained therein (that, contrary to the provisions of
Section ).*.’ para. ! sentence % of the Code in the prior version
of May !’, !(%(, the rules for the compensation of the Super-
visory Board members contain no performance -related compen -
sation components since, in our view, a purely xed compensa -
tion reinforces the independence of the Supervisory Board). The
deviation no longer applies, because the recommendation f or
performance -related compensation for Supervisory Board mem -

bers is no longer included in the new version of the Code.
Berlin and Munich, October %, !(%!
Siemens Aktiengesellschaft

The Managing Board The Supervisor y Board

*-+(.7)*4, +,

Yt( 3+(°)$ 24+4$(,’ ,%$
Suggestions of the Code
Siemens voluntarily complies with the Codes non

3C %)*%$5

-binding
sugges tions, with the following exception:

In scal !(%%, the Supervisory Board decided to appoint
Dr. Roland Busc h, Klaus Helmrich and Dr. Michael S § to the

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporat e Governance

22 BJ
28 2B."

29 B.% Compliance Repor t

Corporat e Governance Report 31
Corporat e Governance statement pursuant to

Section "#$a of the German Commer
(part of the Combined Management Report)

*() 4//0503/ -6,46.3/ /+

*7.<*4=0

Managing Boar d, each for a term of ve years, and therefore to

no longer follow the suggestion set out in Section ).%.! para. !
sentence % of the Code, according to which the maximum pos -
sible appointment period of ve years should not be the rule

for rst -time appointments t 0 a Managing Board.
The Code can be downloaded from the Internet at:
000.5*$.$,5.%+./678 a.

Further Corporate Governance Practices applied beyond legal
requirements are contained in our Business Conduct Guidelines.

Our Company s values and

Business Conduct Guidelines

In the %’) years of its existence, our Company has built an ex -
cellent reputation around the world. Technical performance,
innovation, quality reliability, and international engagement

have made Siemens one of the leading companies in electron -
ics and electrical engineering. It is top performance with the
highest ethics that has made Siemens strong. This is what the
Company should continue to stand for in the future.

The Business Conduct Guidelines provide the ethical and legal
framework within which we want to maintain successful activi -
ties. They contain the basic principles and rules for our conduct
within our Com pany and in relation to our external partners and

the general public. They set out how we meet our ethical and

legal r esponsibility as a company and give expression to our cor -
porate values of being Responsible — Exellent — Innovative.
The Business Conduct Guidelines can be downloaded from the
000.5*$.$,5.%+./678 a.

Internet on:

+3$()*4+, 4-18 =. 7? 2*,2 94°( #,

J1$ 5:3 $(4*54+(/ 94'°( #,°, # U.345*)*4,

>, #43$(7)*4, +- )IS*( %+..*))$$5

The composition of the committees of the Managing and Super -
> #5 53394540 94 #
> 2$5 6<6-6<7 respectively of the An -

visory Boards is given under chapter
LHS 2*,2 94 #4, 3
nual Report, as is a description of the composition of the Man -
aging Board and the Supervisory Board. The compositions can
000.5*$.$,5.%+./678 a.

be accessed via the Internet on:

A general description of the functions and operation of the
Managing Board and the Supervisory Board can be found under

the heading Management and control structure under chap -
ter > 9.=.= %(34+( )$ 2+4$(,’,%$ ($340 +, 3’ 2$5 66-6> and
on: 000.5*$.$,5.%+./678 a. Further details regarding the
operation of the Managing and Supervisory Boards can be de -

rived from the description of the committees as well as from
the bylaws for the corporate bodies concerned. These docu -
000.5*$.$,5.%+./678 a.

ments can be found at:

B.& Compensation Report

(part of the Combined Management Report)
Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to

Sections "#$ para. & and %!’ para. & of the
German Commer cial Code) and explanatory report
(part of the Combined Management Report)

cial Code 44 BL
1" TS? ()*+, Ye -(&./

For Siemens, promoting integrity means acting in accordance
with our values
wher ever we do business. A key element of integrity is compli-

ance, which means for us: adherence to the law and to our

own internal regulations. We have zero tolerance for corrup -
tion and violations of the principles of fair competition. Pre -
venting misconduct before it occurs is our primary goal. When

we cant prevent wrongdoing in individual cases, we investi -
gate and take rigorous disciplinary action irrespective of the

people involved or their positions.

Our Business Conduct Guidelines describe how we ful I] our
compliance-related responsibilities. They re also an expression

of our values and lay the foundation for our own internal regu -
lations. For us, compliance is not just a program but the way

we do business and uphold integrity at our Company. Our
compliance system instills a permanent awareness of these
responsibilities in all our manag __ ers and employees. We actively
support the rati cation and enactment of the United Nations
Convention against Corruption, which provides important
guidance for our entire organization.

!."4# Our compliance pr_iorities

In scal !"##, we focused our compliance activities on four
priorities that provide the basis for the ongoing development of

our compliance system. This approach has proven its worth. Our
compliance priorities take into account and ful ll the continu -
ously evolving requirements in the eld of compliance — require-

ments that ar e the result of our own compliance work, on the
one hand, and of changing market conditions, on the other.

#$% &’ To(Tak*+(,-".)  *%o &BeMo(

Management resp

— esponsible, excellent and innovative —_

We ve revised our compliance priorities for scal !"#$:

> Stand for integrity

> Committed t o business

> Manage r isk and assurance
> Focus on ef ciency

The following topics will also be the focus of our activities in
scal !"#$.

!.".$ Integrity dialogue — Communica-
tion be tween managers and employees

We keep managers and employees in areas with high risk pro
les up to date on the latest compliance requirements. This is
an established and key element of our preventive measures.
For us, strengthening our managers personal responsibility
for compliance is vital. Thats why we strive to ensure their
commitment to our compliance goals and help them foster
integ rity visibly and energetically.

The principle is simple. First, Compliance Of cers train the top
managers in their respective units. These managers then train
their immediate subordinates, who, in turn, train those under
them. This compliance training is integrated into already
scheduled meetings and personal discussions and, thus, in
creases the importance of dialogue between managers and
their teams. Business units select the training materials from a
catalogue of modules that s available Company-wide and sup
plement these with speci c compliance-related topics relevant
for their own businesses.

> Compliance risk management > Whistleblowing channels Tell us

> Policies and procedures and ombudsman

> Consequences for misconduct

> Remediation

> Training and communication > Compliance controls > Global case tracking
> Advice and support > Monitoring and compliance reviews

> Integration in personnel processes > Compliance audits

> Collective action > Compliance investigations

49 C. Combined Management Report

135. D. Consolidated F inancial Statements

239° E. Additional Inf ormation

01

We Il begin introducing our integrity dialogues Company-wide
in scal !"#$. Compliance Of cers will support managers
throughout the process. They II also support the business units
in selecting the employees for whom participation in com pliance
training programs and integrity dialogues is obligatory. Man -
agers will select participants on the basis of Company-wide
regulations, taking into account, among other things, the re -
sults of compliance risk assessments (CRAs) — a pocess that
will enhance both management responsibility for compliance

and the business-speci c and risk-related orientation and ef -

ciency of our entire compliance system.

ia W

Compliance risk assessments
at busines s units

Initiating effective measures to detect and minimize com -
pliance-relat ed risks in business operations at an early stage is
the heart of a successful compliance system. Our assessment
and monitoring processes are being further improved by our
CRAs. In use since the beginning of scal !"#!, the CRA pro
cess improves the links between compliance and business

operations at Siemens.

Every year, the CEOs of our business units meet with other key
managers and the relevant Compliance Of cers to systemati -
cally determine the compliance-related risks at their respective

units. The compliance-related risks identi ed in the process

are then assessed and measures for reducing them de ned.

The resulting analyses are incorporated into the Company-

wide compliance risk analysis, which covers the material com
pliance-related risks for Siemens as a whole.

The accurate assessment of compliance-related risks depends
on close and trust-based cooperation between the managers
and specialists at our business units, on the one hand, and our
Compliance Of cers, on the other.

!.".7 Collective action — Suppoiting
business success through fair competition

Siemens promotes ethical business practices and fair competi
tion beyond Company boundaries — his, too, is one of our key

compliance priorities.

Going it alone can have only a limited impact in the ght
against corruption. If real progress is to be made, as many
stakeholders as possible must act in concert. That s why we ve
joined forces with other organizations to combat corruption
and promote ethical markets through collective action and
through the Siemens Integrity Initiative.

Now that we ve established collective action throughout the
Company and involved a large number of our business units
engaging with numerous partners in its implementation, we
plan to focus our collective action activities in scal !"#$ on
our particular business requirements more intensively than in
the past. There are many ways to do this. For example, future
CRAs can increase the emphasis on de ning collective action
measures such as fair competition partnerships between bid
ders for large contracts or the voluntary self-commitment of
industry federations to compliance standards that reduce com
pliance-related risks. As in the other areas described, close and
trust-based cooperation between Compliance Of cers, sales
personnel and managers will play a key role here in identifying
appropriate measures.

The further development of our compliance system entails
continuously adapting it to the evolving requirements in the
eld of compliance. Our overall aim remains unchanged: we
want to anchor compliance permanently throughout our glob
al Company in order to ensure that we continue making sound
business decisions based on clear principles of integrity.

To learn more, please see:
> *$., #%2 *.3.45. +6#$%
&%(%)&*+(/ *

*4(7°)%8 (.).9  %o(%o)# 2% ,+2#

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporat e Governance
22 B.0 Corporat e Governance Report 31 BS Compensation Report
28 B.1 Corporat e Governance statement pursuant to (part of the Combined Management Report)

Section 123a of the German Commer
(part of the Combined Management Report)
29 B.4 Compliance Repor t

cial Code 44 B.6  Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
Sections 123 para. 5 and 406 para. 5 of the
German Commer cial Code) and explanatory report

(part of the Combined Management Report)

1" $%&’ (*+,-%) .C %.,

The Compensation report outlines the principles underlying
the determination of the total compensation of the members
of the Managing Board of Siemens AG, and sets out the struc
ture and level of the remuneration of the Managing Board
members. It also describes the policies governing, and levels
of, the compensation paid to Supervisory Board members.

This section is based on the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code and includes disclosures in accor
dance with the requirements of the German Commercial Code
(HGB), German Accounting Standards (DRS), and International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Compensation Report
is an integral part of the Combined Management Report.

!."# Remuner ation of members
of the Managing Board

#.$.%o U8 ()*’ &+,-.* /0/,’(

The remuneration system for the Managing Board at Siemens
is intended to provide an incentive for successful corporate
management with an emphasis on sustainability. Members of

the Managing Board are expected to make a long-term commit

ment to and on behalf of the Company, and may bene t from

any sustained increase in the Company s value. In the interest

|, &0*’ &4,-.* 10/°( A&C 4*4+2-*2 #.4&3 CP E/

of that aim, a substantial portion of their total remuneration

is linked to the performance of Siemens stock. A further aim

is for their remuneration to be commensurate with the

Company s size and economic position. Exceptional achieve

ments are to be rewarded adequately, while falling short of
goals is intended to result in an appreciable reduction in remu
neration. The Managing Board s compensation is also struc
tured so as to be attractive in comparison to that of competi
tors, with a view to attracting outstanding managers to our
Company and keeping them with us for the long term.

The system and levels for the remuneration of the Managing
Board are determined and reviewed regularly by the Supervisory

Board, based on proposals from the Chairman s Committee.

The Supervisory Board reviews remuneration levels annually

to ensure that they are appropriate. In that process, the eco
nomic situation and the results of the Company as well as the

performance of the individual Managing Board members are

taken into account. In addition, the Supervisory Board consid
ers the adequacy of remuneration in comparison with stan

dard practice at similar companies and with the compensation
structure valid elsewhere in the Company. The remuneration
system that has been used for the Managing Board members
since scal !"## was approved by a large majority at the Annual
Shareholders Meeting on January !$, !"###.

Compensation

Granted in Timing

Long-term compensation
(target parameter: stock price
compared to 5 competitors)
Variability: 0 — 200%

Long-term compensation
(target parameter: fl earnings
per share)
Variability: 0

Stock-based
compensation

200%

Bonus (target parameters: revenue
growth (organic), ROCE (adjusted),
free cash ow)

Variability: 0 — 200%

Cash

compensati on
Base compensation

including other compensation

Restriction period and
period for target

measurement: 4 years
Stock Awards °

(forfeitable
grants of stock)

Performance period: 3 years, including year of compensation;
subsequent restriction period: 4 years

Bonus Awards
(non-forfeitable
grants of stock

Performance period
Year of compensation

Cash

FY 45"5_ FY 45"" FY 45"4 FY 45"! FY 45"6 FY 45"7_ FY 45"8

Share Ownership
Guidelines

Obligation to hold shares for duration of membership in Managing Board

Non-per formance-based components
HE Performance-based components

HE Performance-based components with deferred payout

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135 D.  Consolidat ed Financial Statements 239 §E. Additional Information

In scal !"#!, the remuneration system for the Managing Board
had the following components:

Non-performance-based components

Base compensation

Base compensation is paid as a monthly salary. It is reviewed
regularly, and revised if appropriate. The base compensation
of President and CEO Peter L scher was set at the time of his
appointment on July #, !""%, and has remained essentially
unc hanged since then. It is &!,""",""" per year. The base

compensation of the other members of the Managing Board

has been &’"",""" per year since October #, !"#".

Other compensation

Other compensation includes costs, or the cash equivalent, of
non-monetary bene ts and perquisites, such as provision of

a Company car, contributions toward the cost of insurance,
reimbursement of fees for legal advice, tax advice and accom -
modation and moving expenses, including a gross-up for any

taxes that have to be borne in this regard, as well as costs
relating to preventive medical examinations.

Performance-based components

Variable compensation component (bonus)

The variable compensation component (bonus) is based on
the Company s business performance in the past scal year.

The targets for the variable compensation component are de -
rived from One Siemens, our target system for sustainably en -
hancing corporate value. On the basis of this target system,

the Supervisory Board at the beginning of each scal year

de nes specic targets for several parameters. These target

parameters — in addition to other factors — also apply to senior

executives, with a view to establishing a consistent target sys

tem throughout the Company.

For a #""% target attainment (target amount) the amount of
the bonus equals the amount of base compensation. The
bonus is subject t 0 a ceiling (cap) of !""%. If targets are sub -
stantially missed, the variable component may potentially not

be paid at all.

The Supervisory Board is entitled to revise the amount result

ing from attaining targets, by as much as !"% upward or down
ward, at its duty-bound discretion (p ichtgem §es Ermessen);
the adjusted amount of the bonus paid can be as much as
!("% of the target amount. In choosing the factors to be con -
sidered in deciding on possible revisions of the bonus payouts

(— !"%), t he Supervisory Board takes account of incentives for
sustainable corporate management. The revision option may

also be exercised in recognition of Managing Board members
individual achievements.

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B.

22 B/

29 B.3 Compliance Report

Corpor ate Governance

The bonus is paid half in cash, and half in the form of non-for -
feitable stock commitments (Bonus Awards). After a four-year
waiting period, the bene ciary will receive one share of
Siemens stock for each Bonus Award. Instead of the transfer of
Siemens stock, an equivalent cash settlement may be effected.

Long-term stock-based compensation

Long-term stock-based compensation consists of a grant of
forfeitable stock commitments (Stock Awards). The bene ciar -
ies will r eceive one free share of Siemens stock for each Stock
Award after a restriction period. Beginning with scal !"##, the
restriction period for Stock Awards ends at the close of the sec -
ond day after publication of the operating results for the fourth
calendar year after the date of the award.

In the event of extraordinary unforeseen developments that

have an impact on the stock price, the Supervisory Board may
decide to reduce the number of promised Stock Awards retro -
actively, or it may decide that in lieu of a transfer of Siemens

Stock only a cash settlement in a de ned and limited amount

will be paid, or it may decide to postpone transfers of Siemens

Stock for payable Stock Awards until the developments have
ceased to have an impact on the stock price.

In the event of a #""% target attainment, the annual target
amount for the monetary value of the Stock Awards commit
ment will be &!.$ million for the President and CEO, and &# mil
lion for each of the other members of the Managing Board. Be -

ginning with scal !"##, the Supervisory Board has the option
of increasing, on an individual basis, the target amount for a
member of the Managing Board who has been reappointed by
as much as %$% above the amount of &# million, for one scal
year at a time. This option enables the Supervisory Board to
take account of the Managing Board member s individual ac

complishments and experience as well as the scope and de -
mands of his or her function. This rule does not apply to the
President and CEO.

The foundation for the performance-based component of long-

term stock-based compensation is One Siemens, our target
system for sustainably enhancing corporate value. The allo -
cation r ules for long-term stock-based compensation take this

focus into account as follows:

> On the one hand, half of the annual target amount for the
annual Stock Awards is linked to the average basic earnings
per share (EPS) for the last three completed scal years (from
continuing and discontinued operations). In principle, the
target value is the average basic earnings per share (from
continuing and discontinued operations) from the past three
scal years completed prior to the year of compensation. At
the end of each scal year, the Supervisory Board decides on

Corpor ate Governance Report 31 BA Compensation Report
28 B.0 Corporate Governance statement pursuant to
Section 012a of t he German Commercial Code
(part of the Combined Management Report)

(part of the Combined Management Report)

44 B.S Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
Sections 012 para. 4 and 3/5 par a. 4 of the
German Commercial Code) and explanatory report
(part of the Combined Management Report)
a gure that represents that year s target attainment, which
may lie between "% and !""% (cap). This target attainment
will then determine the actual monetary value of the award
and the resulting number of Stock Awards.
> On the other hand, the development of the performance of
Siemens stock compared to its competitors is to have a di -
rect effect on compensation. For this purpose, with respect
to the other half of the annual target amount for the Stock
Awards, the Supervisory Board will rst grant a number of
Stock Awards equivalent to the monetary value of half the
target amount on the date of the award. The Supervisory
Board will also decide on a target system (target value for
#""% and target curve) for the performance of Siemens
stock relative to the stock of competitors (at present ABB,
General Electric, Philips, Rockwell, Schneider). The refer -
ence period for measuring the target will be the same as the
Stock Awards. After this
Board will deter

four-year restriction period for the

restriction period expires, the Supervisory
mine how much better or worse Siemens stock has per -
formed relative to the stock of its competitors. This determi

nation will yield a target attainment of between "% and

!""% (cap). If target attainment is above #""%, an additional

cash payment corresponding to the outperformance is ef -
fected. If target attainment is less than #""%, a number of

Stock Awards equivalent to the shortfall from the target will

expire without replacement.

With regard to the further terms of the Stock Awards, the same
general principles apply for the Managing Board and for senior
executives; these principles are discussed in more detail in
DY 99-3 RL. K/.
That note also includes further information about the stock-

<34, 3 1-*4*5-4 << /,4,°(%,/

based employee investment plans.

Share Ownership Guidelines

The Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines are an integral part
of the remuneration system for the Managing Board and senior
management. These guidelines require the members of the
Managing Board — after a certain buildup phase — to hold
Siemens stock worth a multiple of their base compensation
(Q""% for the President and CEO, !""% for the other members

of the Managing Board) during their term of of ce on the Man

aging Board. The determining gure in this context is the aver -
age base compensation that the relevant member of the Man -
aging Board has drawn over the four years of the buildup
phase. Accordingly, changes that have been made to base com -
pensation in the meantime are included. Non-forfeitable stock

awards (Bonus Awards) are taken into account in determining
compliance with the Share Ownership Guidelines.

Evidence that this obligation has been met must rst be pro -
vided after the buildup phase, and updated annually thereafter.

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135 D.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements

If the value of the accrued holdings declines below the mini
mum to be evidenced from time to time because the market
price of Siemens stock has uctuated, the member of the
Managing Boar d must acquire additional shares.

Pension benefit commitments

The members of the Managing Board, like all Siemens AG em
ployees, are included in the Siemens De ned Contribution
Bene t Plan (BSAV). Under the BSAV, members of the Manag
ing Board receive contributions that are credited to their per
sonal pension account. The amount of the annual contribu
tions is based on a predetermined percentage which refers to
the base compensation and the target amount for the bonus.
This percentage is decided annually by the Supervisory Board;
it was set most recently at !*%. The non-forfeitability of pen
sion bene t commitments is in compliance with the provi
sions of the German Company Pensions Act (Betriebsrenten
gesetz). Special contributions may be granted to Managing
Board members on the basis of individual decisions of the
Super visory Board. In the case of new appointments of mem
bers of the Managing Board from outside the Company, these
contributions may be dened as non-forfeitable from their
incep tion. If a member of the Managing Board had earned a
pension benet entitlement from the Company before the
BSAV was introduced, a portion of his contributions went
toward nancing this prior commitment.

Members of the Managing Board are entitled to bene ts under
the BSAV on reaching the age of +", at the earliest. They may
choose to have their accrued pension bene t balance paid out
as a pension, as a lump sum, or in a maximum of twelve annu
al installments. If the pension option is chosen, a decision
must be made as to whether it should include pensions for
surviving dependents. If a member of the Managing Board dies
while receiving a pension, bene ts will be paid to the member s
surviving dependents if the member has chosen such bene ts.
The Company will then provide a limited-term pension to sur
viving children until they reach age !%, or age !$ in the case of
commitments made on or after January #, !""%.

Bene ts from the retirement bene t system that was in place
before the BSAV was introduced are normally granted as pen
sion bene ts with a surviving dependents pension. In this
case as well, a payout in installments or a lump sum may be
chosen instead of pension payments.

Members of the Managing Board who were employed by the
Company on or before September )", #’*), are entitled to
transition payments for the rst six months after retirement,
equal to the difference between their nal base compensa
tion and the retirement bene ts payable under the corporate
pension plan.

239 E. — Additional Information

Commitments in connection with

termination of Managing Board membership
Managing Board contracts provide for a compensatory pay
ment if membership on the Managing Board is terminated pre
maturely by mutual agreement, without serious cause. The
amount of this payment must not exceed the value of two
years compensation (cap). The amount of the compensatory
payment is calculated on the basis of the base compensation
and the variable components of compensation actually re
ceived for the last scal year before termination. The compen
satory payment is payable in the month when the member
leaves the Managing Board. In addition, a one-time exception
al contribution is made to the BSAV. The amount of this contri
bution is based on the BSAV contribution that the Board mem
ber received for the previous year, together with the remaining
term of the appointment, but is limited to not more than two
years contributions (cap). The above bene ts are not paid if an
amicable termination of the member s activity on the Manag
ing Board is agreed upon at the member s request, or if there is
serious cause for the Company to terminate the employment
relationship.

In the event of a change of control that results in a substantial
change in the position of the Managing Board member (e.g.,
due to a change in corporate strategy or a change in the Man
aging Board member s duties and responsibilities), the mem
ber of the Managing Board has the right to terminate his or her
contract with the Company for good cause. A change of con
trol exists if one or more shareholders acting jointly or in con
cert acquire a majority of the voting rights in Siemens AG and
exercise a controlling in uence, or if Siemens AG becomes a
dependent enterprise as a result of entering into an intercom
pan y agreement within the meaning of Section !’# of the Ger
man Stock Corporation Act, or if Siemens AG is to be merged
into an existing corporation or other entity. If this right of ter
mination is exercised, the Managing Board member is entitled
to a severance payment in the amount of not more than two
years compensation. The calculation of the annual compensa
tion includes not only the base compensation and the target
amount for the bonus, but also the target amount for the Stock
Awards, in each case based on the most recent completed s
cal year prior to termination of the contract. The stock-based
components for which a rm commitment already exists will
remain unaffected. There is no entitlement to a severance pay

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporate Governance

ment if the Managing Board member receives bene ts from
third parties in connection with a change of control. Moreover,
there is no right to terminate if the change of control occurs
within a period of twelve months prior to a Managing Board
member s retirement.

Additionally, compensatory or severance payments cover non-
monetary bene ts by including an amount of $% of the total
compensation or severance amount. Compensatory or sever
ance payments will be reduced by #$% as a lump-sum allow
ance for discount ed values and for income earned elsewhere.
However, this reduction will apply only to the portion of the
compensatory or severance payment that was calculated with-
out taking account of the rst six months of the remaining
term of the Managing Board member s contract.

If a member leaves the Managing Board, the variable compo
nent (bonus) is determined pro rata temporis after the end of
the scal year in which the appointment was terminated and
settled in cash at the usual payout or transfer date, as the case
may be. If the employment contract is terminated in the course
of an appointment period, the non-forfeitable stock awards
(Bonus Awards) for which the waiting period is still in progress
will remain in effect without restriction. If the employment
agreement is terminated because of retirement, disability or
death, a Managing Board member s Bonus Awards will be set
tled in cash as of the date of departure from the Board.

By contrast, stock commitments that were made as long-term
variable compensation (Stock Awards) and for which the re
striction period is still in progress will expire without replace
ment if the employment agreement is terminated in the course
of an appointment period. The same applies if the employ
ment agreement is not extended after the end of an appoint
ment period, either at the Board member s request or because
there is serious cause that would have entitled the Company to
revoke the appointment or terminate the contract. However,
once granted, Stock Awards do not expire if the employment
agreement is terminated because of retirement, disability, or
death, or in connection with a spin-off, the transfer of an op
eration, or a change of activity within the corporate group. In
this case, the Stock Awards will remain in effect upon termina
tion of the employment agreement and will be honored on ex
piration of the restriction period.

22 B./ Corporate Governance Report 31 BA Compensation Report

28 B.0 Corporate Governance statement pursuant to

(part of the Combined Management Report)

Section 012a of t he German Commercial Code 44 B.S Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to

(part of the Combined Management Report)
29 B.3 Compliance Report

Sections 012 para. 4 and 3/5 par a. 4 of the

German Commercial Code) and explanatory report

(part of the Combined Management Report)

#$.% <8" &+-*. 1° CP &/
21>? A+ 2-*2 #4&3 1. &1/;+ <=?%=
On the basis of our One Siemens target system, at the begin
ning of the scal year the Supervisory Board set the targets and
weighting for the unchanged parameters compared to the pre
vious year: organic revenue growth, return on capital em
ployed (ROCE) adjusted, and free cash ow, in each case on the
basis of continuing operations, together with earnings per
share (EPS) on the basis of continuing and discontinued opera
tions. The de nition of these parameters and their weighting
acknowledges a sustainable enhancement of corporate value.
An internal review of the appropriateness of the Managing
Board s compensation for scal !"#! has con rmed that the re
muneration of the Managing Board resulting from the target at
tainment for scal !"#! is to be considered appropriate. Follow
ing the decision on determining the achievement of the targets
set at the beginning of the scal year, the Supervisory Board
decided at its meeting on November %, !"#!, to set the variable
compensation component (bonus), the Stock Awards to be
granted and the pension bene t contributions as follows:

Variable compensation component (bonus)

In setting the targets for the variable compensation (bonus) at
the beginning of scal !"#!, the Supervisory Board took into
account that the Company focuses on a sustainable apprecia
tion of value:

> The primary focus of the decision was capital-ef cient
growth; consequently, for scal !"#! more importance was
attributed to the target parameters of organic revenue
growth and return on capital employed (ROCE) adjus ted.

> For ROCE adjusted, the target value from the prior year
remained unchanged.

> The t arget for free cash ow was increased noticeably com

pared to the prior year.

As aconseq uence, the following targets were set and attained
with respect to the variable compensation component:

Target parameter Weight % of target‘ |Actual 45"4 figure ‘Target attainment
Revenue growth (organic) 40 % 1% 3% 146.40%
ROCE adjusted 40% 16.1% 17.0% 123.75%
Free cash ow 20% &3,600 million &4,790 million 139.67%

Total target attainment

135.99%

| Continuing oper ations

The values measured for target attainment were not adjusted.
The Supervisory Board decided, exercising its duty-bound
discr etion (p ichtgem §es Ermessen), to individually adjust
the bonus payout amounts resulting from target attainment
upward or downward for single Managing Board members
with business responsibility for Sector portfolios. In its deci
sion, the Supervisory Board re ected the attained performance
of the Sectors.

Long-term stock-based compensation

For half of the annual target amount for the Stock Awards, an
average basic EPS (from continuing and discontinued opera
tions) of &$.$( was determined for scal years !"#" through

!"#!, yielding a target attainment of #$(%.

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135. D.  Consolidat ed Financial Statements

For the other half of the annual target amount for the Stock
Awards, the Supervisory Board approved a number of Stock
Awards equivalent to the monetary value of half the target
amount on the award date. The amount by which these stock
commitments must be adjusted
ment must be made — after the end of the restriction period
will depend on the performance of Siemens stock compared to

the stock of ve competitors (ABB, General Electric, Philips,
Rockwell, Schneider) over the coming four years, and will
therefore not be determined until after the end of scal !"#+.

The number of stock commitments (Bonus Awards and Stock
Awards) granted was based on the closing price of Siemens
stock in Xetra trading on the date of commitment less the
present value of dividends expected during the holding period,
because bene ciaries are not entitled to receive dividends.
This gure for determining the number of commitments
amounted to &+(.’) (prior year: &$%.%").

239 E. — Additional Information

— or an additional cash pay -

Total compensation

On the basis of the Supervisory Board decisions described
above, Managing Board compensation for scal !"#! totaled

&)’.+# million, which is at the same level as in the previous

year (!"##: &)’.+# million). Of this total amount, &#%.($ million
(!"##: &#*.’( million) was attributable to the cash compensa -
tion components and &!!.#+ million (!"##: &!".+* million) to
stock-based compensation. Thus, more than half of the com -
pensation was paid in the form of stock-based instruments

with waiting or restriction periods of four years and therefore

on a deferred basis.

The fair values of the granted stock-based compensation com -
ponent shown in the following table do not represent a cash
in ow for Managing Board members for scal !"#!. They rep -

resent the notional value of the Bonus Awards and Stock
Awards granted in scal !"#! as calculated on the basis of re
porting standards. The transfer of one share per award will not
take place until the expiration of the four-year waiting or re
striction period, or in other words, not until November !"#+.
The number of Stock Awards linked to the performance of the
price of Siemens stock will be adjusted after the end of the
restriction period, on the basis of the actual target attainment.
Accordingly, the value of the actual shares transferred may be
higher or lower than shown here, also depending on the stock
price in effect at the time of transfer.

The following compensation was determined for each of the
members of the Managing Board for scal !"#! (individualized
disclosure):

Non-performance-based components
without
long-term incentive effect
non-stock-based
Base compensation Other compensation Variable compensation
com ponent (bonus) —
Cash component
FY 06/0 FY 06// FY 06/0 FY 06// FY 06/0 FY 06// FY 06/0
(Amounts in number of units or 7) Shares Fair value °
Managing Board members
serving as of September !5, 45"4
Peter L scher 2,000,000 2,000,000 30,720 29,594 1,359,900 1,973,800 20,945 | 1,359,959
Dr. Roland Busch * © 900,000 450,000 49,771 88,726 550,760 444,105 8,483 550,801
Brigitte Ederer 900,000 900,000 27,697 54,651 611,955 888,210 9,425 611,965
Klaus Helmrich © 900,000 450,000 76,961 35,318 611,955 444,105 9,425 611,965
Joe Kaeser “ 900,000 900,000 72,935 72,411 611,955 888,210 9,425 611,965
Barbara Kux 900,000 900,000 33,960 168,176 611,955 888,210 9,425 611,965
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt * 900,000 900,000 64,132 62,565 673,151 888,210 10,368 673,194
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 900,000 900,000 42,146 41,303 611,955 888,210 9,425 611,965
Peter Y. Solmssen ® 900,000 900,000 33,498 64,720 611,955 888,210 9,425 611,965
Dr. Michael S § © 900,000 450,000 49,089 13,751 611,955 444,105 9,425 611,965
Former members of the Managing Board
Wolfgang Dehen = 450,000 = 25,046 = 444,105 = =
Total 10,100,000 9,200,000 480,909 656,261 6,867,496 9,079,480 105,771 | 6,867,709

1 Other compensation includes costs, or the cash equivalent, of non-monetary benefits and
perquisites, such as provision of Company cars in the amount of 7058,155 (06//: 70/0,94/)
contributions toward the cost of insurance in the amount of 718,402 (06//: 780,294),
reimbursement of fees for legal advice, tax advice and accommodation and moving ex-
penses, including any taxes that have been assumed in this regard as well as costs con-
nected with preventive medical examinations, in the amount of 7/35,905 (06//: 7386,959).

based compensation (Bonus Awards and Stock Awards)
Aatching Plan for members of the Managing Board in accordance with
IFRS in fiscal 06/0 and 06// amounted to 7/5,225,543 and 7/5 52, respectively.
The follow amounts pertained to the members of the Mani 1 06/0:
Peter L scher 73,858,8/6 (06//: 74,640,431), Dr. Roland Busch 7835,/98 (06//: 7015,359),
Brigitte Ederer 7256,056 (06//: 7899,89/), Klaus Helmrich 7835,/98 (06//: 7015,359),

Joe Kaeser 7/,81/,909 (06//: 7/,886,402 ), Barbara Kux 7/,423,589 (06//: 7/,026,665),
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt 7/,965,044 (06//: 7/,84/,022), Prof. Dr. Si
71,58/,180 (06//: 7/,86/,989), Peter Y. Solmssen 7/,599,380 (06//: 7/,929,930) and

Dr. Michael S § 7835,/98 (06//: 7015,359). The corresponding expenses for the former
Board member Wolfgang Dehen amounted to 7/,693,320 (06//: 7/,301,05/).

The total compensation reflects the current fair value of stock-based compensation
com ponents. On the basis of the current monetary values of stock-based compensation
components, total compensation amounted to 732,184,651 (06//: 732,056,202).

4 For Bonus Awards as well as Stock
for the past three fiscal years, the f
tive monetary values.

wards, whose target attainment depends on EPS

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporate Governance
22 B./ Corporate Governance Report 31 BA Compensation Report
28 B.0 Corporate Governance statement pursuant to (part of the Combined Management Report)
Section 012a of t he German Commercial Code 44 B.S Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
(part of the Combined Management Report) Sections 012 para. 4 and 3/5 par a. 4 of the

29 B.3 Compliance Report

efried Russwurm

‘air value on the award date is equivalent to the respec-

German Commercial Code) and explanatory report

(part of the Combined Management Report)

Variable compensation
component
(bonus) Bonus Awards *

Performance-based components

with
long-term incentive effect
stock-based

Stock Awards +

Total compensation ‘

FY 06// FY 06/0 FY 06// FY 06/0 FY 06//

Target attainment Target attainment Target attainment Target attainment

depending on EPS for past depending on future stock depending on EPS for past depending on future stock

three fiscal years performance three fiscal years performance

Shares Fair value ° Shares Fair value ° Shares Fair value 7 Shares Fair value ° Shares Fair value 7

34,208 | 1,973,802 29,648 | 1,925,045 19,252  1]195,549 24,697 | 1,425,017 21,664 1,836,014 7,871,173 8,738,227
7,697 444,117 11,859 770,005 7,701 478,232 4,940 285,038 4,333 267,215 3,299,569 1,979,201
15,394 888,234 11,859 770,005 7,701 478,232 9,879 570,018 8,666 534,430 3,399,854 3,835,543
7,697 444,117 11,859 770,005 7,701 478,232 4,940 285,038 4,333 267,215 3,449,118 1,925,793
15,394 888,234 20,754 | 1,347,557 13,477 836,922 9,879 570,018 8,666 534,430 4,381,334 3,853,303
15,394 888,234 11,859 770,005 7,701 478,232 9,879 570,018 8,666 534,430 3,406,117 3,949,068
15,394 888,234 11,859 770,005 7,701 478,232 9,879 570,018 8,666 534,430 3,558,714 3,843,457
15,394 888,234 11,859 770,005 7,701 478,232 9,879 570,018 8,666 534,430 3,414,303 3,822,195
15,394 888,234 11,859 770,005 7,701 478,232 9,879 570,018 8,666 534,430 3,405,655 3,845,612
7,697 444,117 11,859 770,005 7,701 478,232 4,940 285,038 4,333 267,215 3,421,246 1,904,226
7,697 444,117 =| 4,940 285,038 4,333 267,215 —| 1,915,521
157,360 | 9,079,674 145,274 |9,432,642 94,337 5,858,327 103,731 _|5,985,277 90,992 5,611,454 39,607,083 | 39,612,146

5 The mone tary values reflecting a target attainment of /66% amount to 79,/05,360

6

(06//:_ 75,056,038). For the individual members of the Managing Board, that value was:

Peter

L scher 7/,056,630 (06//: 7/,056,6/3), Dr. Roland Busch 7566,609 (06//: 7056,6/4), Brigitte
Ederer 7566,609 (06//: 7566,601), Klaus Helmrich 7566,609 (06//: 7056,6/4), Joe Kaeser

7185,690 (06//: 7566,601), Barbara Kux 7566,609 (06//: 7566,601), Prof. Dr.
Requardt 7566,609 (06//: 7566,601), Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 7566,609 (06//:

Hermann
7566,601),

Peter Y. Solmssen 7566,609 (06//: 7566,601) and Dr. Michael S § 7566,609 (06//: 7056,6/4).
The corresponding monetary value for the former Board member Wolfgang Dehen amounted

to 76 (06//: 7056,6/4).
The Super vi

sory Board adjusted the bonus payout amounts resulting from target attainment

individually as follows: Dr. Roland Busch by /6% downward, equivalent to 7/00,32/ and Prof.

Dr. Hermann Requardt by /6% upward, equivalent to 7/00,32/.

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report

135. D.

10

Dr. Roland Busch, Klaus Helmrich and Dr. Michael S § were elected full members of

The Super visory Board increased the annual target amount for the monetary value

of the Stock Awards commitment for Joe Kaeser for fiscal 06/0 by 85% to 7/,856,666.

7
the Managing Board effective April /, 06//.
8
9 Peter Y. Solmssen will be reimbursed for relocation expenses incurred

by him upon termination of his membership on the Managing Board of Siemens AG.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements

239 «EL

Wolfgang Dehen resigned from the Managing Board effective March 3/, 06//.

Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to totals provided.

Additional Information

Pension bene t commitments The contributions under the BSAV are added to the personal

For scal !"#!, the members of the Managing Board were pension accounts each January following the close of the s -
granted contributions under the BSAV totaling &$.% million cal year, with value date on January #. Until the bene ciary s
(!"##: &$.! million), based on the resolution of the Superviso - time of r etirement, the pension account is credited with an

ry Board dated November %, !"#!. Of this amount, &".# mil - annual interest payment (guaranteed interest), currently #.%$%,

lion (!"##: &".# million) related to funding of pension commit - on January # of each year.

ments earned prior to transfer to the BSAV and the remaining

&$.+ million (!"##: &$.# million) to contributions to their per - The following table shows individualized details of the contri -
sonal pension accounts. butions (additions) under the BSAV for scal !"#! as well as

the de ned bene t obligations for the pension commitments:

a

Total contributions for Defined benefit obligation + for all pension
commitments e xcluding deferred compensation
(Amounts in 7) FY 06/0 FY 06// FY 06/0 FY 06//
Managing Board members
serving as of September !5, 45"4
Peter L scher 1,120,000 1,120,000 14,717,395 ? 13,047,084 *
Dr. Roland Busch ° 504,000 252,000 1,446,910 833,494
Brigitte Ederer 504,000 504,000 1,102,958 606,730
Klaus Helmrich ° 504,000 252,000 1,723,759 1,098,440
Joe Kaeser 504,000 504,000 4,388,859 3,351,837
Barbara Kux 504,000 504,000 2,201,963 ? 1,651,873
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt 504,000 504,000 4,433,581 3,498,238
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 504,000 504,000 2,893,761 2,204,829
Peter Y. Solmssen 504,000 504,000 14,862,470 2 13,689,050 ?
Dr. Michael S § ° 504,000 252,000 1,789,619 1,253,272
Former members of the Managing Board
Wolfgang Dehen 7 = 252,000 2,374,826 2,166,086
Total 5,656,000 5,152,000 51,936,101 43,400,933
1 The expenses (service costs) recognized in accordance with IFRS in fiscal 06/0 for Man - obligations under all pension commitments, including deferred compensation, to
aging Board members entitlements under the BSAV in fiscal 06/0 came to 79,/50,6// Managing Boar d members serving as of September 36, 06// came to 748.6 million,

(06//: 74,50/,893). The following amounts pertained to the members of the Managing in addition to 70.0 million for former Managing Board member Wolfgang Dehen.
Board in fiscal 06/0: Peter L. scher 7/,035,953 (061/: 7/,038,634), Dr. Roland Busch 3. Deferred compensation totals 78,543,69/ (06//: 75,1/4,3/1), including 7092/48
7548,8/3 (06//: 741,102), Brigitte Ederer 7550,264 (06//: 7482,131), Klaus Helmrich caer eee ees tot to ses /12 tan oe Racnek We sb. 339.808)
7548985 (06//: 792,168), Joe Kaeser 7536,286 (06//: 7458,248), Barbara Kux 750,166 TO a aries ue (Dell 10.628.108) anbg/ 081 03) he Pak be Henna
(06//: 7482,610), Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt 7509,060 (06//: 7450,485), Prof. Dr. Seat ue gree aan nl TOG291O) and LOST OSS =Dt Hema
iegiried Russwurm 7549, 156 (06//: 7480,524), Peter Y. Solmssen 7553,039 (06/: qua 1615,232).

416,016) and Dr. Michael § § 7551,661 (06//: 7/06,160), in addition to 76 (06/1: 4 Dr Roland Busch, Klaus Helmrich and Dr. Michael $ § were elected full members
7003,685) for former Man

ing Board member Wolfgang Dehen. of the Managing Board effective April /, 06//.
2 The def ined benefit obligations reflect one-time special contributions of 7/2,351,666 for 5 Wolfgang Dehen resigned from the Managing Board effective March 3/, 06//.

new appointments from outside the Company, including 71,566,666 for Peter L scher,
7/6,5/1,666 for Peter Y. Solmssen and 7346,666 for Barbara Kux. The defined benefit

Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to totals provided.

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporate Governance
22 B./ Corporate Governance Report 31 BA Compensation Report
28 B.0 Corporate Governance statement pursuant to (part of the Combined Management Report)
Section 012a of t he German Commercial Code 44 B.S Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
(part of the Combined Management Report) Sections 012 para. 4 and 3/5 par a. 4 of the
29 B.3 Compliance Report German Commercial Code) and explanatory report

(part of the Combined Management Report)
Former members of the Managing Board and their surviving #.$.%.9 +33 ~ EE <-* I, &(+,-.*

dependents received emoluments within the meaning of Sec -  * /,.3;C-#+/ 3 ;.(D’*/+,-.* -*/ &)C * /

tion )#( para. # No. +b of t he HGB totaling &#$.* million (!"#H##: -* 1-/;+ <=?%=

&#$." million) in scal !"#!, but no Stock Awards (!"##: no This section provides information concerning the Stock

Stock Awards). Awards and stock options held by members of the Managing
Board that were components of stock-based compensation in

The dened bene t obligation (DBO) of all pension commit - scal !"#! and prior years, and also about the Managing Board

ments to former members of the Managing Board and their sur - members entitlements to matching shares under the Siemens

viving dependents as of September )", !"#!, amounted to Share Matching Plan.

&#*#.+ million (!"##: &#+#.’ million). This amount is included in

SDR HO BE SL <3 4 3 14-4 </, 4,7 Stock Commitments

The following table shows the changes in the stock commit
Other ments (Bonus Awards and Stock Awards) held by Managing
No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem - Board members in scal !"#!:
bers of the Managing Board.

Balance at beginning of Granted during fiscal year Vested Forfeited Balance at end of
fiscal 06/0 during during fiscal 06/0 4
fiscal year fiscal year
Forfeitable commitments
of Stock Awards
Non- Non- (Target (Target Non-
forfeitable forfeitable attainment attainment Commit- forfeitable
commit- Forfeitable commit- depending depending ments of commit- Forfeitable
ments of commit- ments of on EPS for on future Bonus Commit- ments of commit-
Bonus ments of Bonus past three stock | Awards and ments of Bonus ments of
(Amounts in number of units) Awards | Stock Awards Awards fiscal years) | performance) | Stock Awards | Stock Awards Awards | Stock Awards
Managing Board
members serving as of
September !5, 45"4
Peter L scher = 144,180 34,208 24,697 21,664 66,402 = 34,208 124,139
Dr. Roland Busch ' = 8,042 7,697 6,076 5,330 2,958 = 7,697 16,490
Brigitte Ederer —_— 12,422 15,394 9,879 8,666 4,179 — 15,394 26,788
Klaus Helmrich ' —_— 11,816 7,697 6,540 5,737 4,257 — 7,697 19,836
Joe Kaeser = 57,673 15,394 9,879 8,666 26,561 = 15,394 49,657
Barbara Kux —_— 29,055 15,394 9,879 8,666 — — 15,394 47,600
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt — 57,673 15,394 9,879 8,666 26,561 — 15,394 49,657
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm — 57,673 15,394 9,879 8,666 26,561 — 15,394 49,657
Peter Y. Solmssen — 57,673 15,394 9,879 8,666 26,561 — 15,394 49,657
Dr. Michael S § ! = 20,435 7,697 7,118 6,244 8,884 = 7,697 24,913
Former members
of the Managing Board
Wolfgang Dehen ° = 57,673 7,697 4,940 4,333 26,561 = 7,697 40,385
Total = 514,315 157,360 108,645 95,304 219,485 = 157,360 498,779
1 The weighted average fair value as of the grant-date for fiscal 06/0 was 751.85 per 3 Dr Roland Busch, flaws Helmrich and Dr. Michael S § were elected full members of the
granted share. ive April /, 06//.
2 igned from the Managing Board effective March 3/, 06//. Because

Amounts do no t include stock committments (Bonus Awards and Stock Awards) granted 4
in November 06/0 for al 06/0. For details, see +> D2’/ 9:-9E s ged positions within the Corporate group, his awards remain in effect under the
amounts may include Stock Awards received as compensation by the Managing Board applicable guidelines.

member before joining the Managing Board.

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135. D.  Consolidat ed Financial Statements 239 E. — Additional Information

65

Stock options
The authorization to issue stock options expired in December
!""+, On completion of a two-year vesting period, plan partici

pants were entitled to exercise their subscription rights within

a three-year period. Allowing for the vesting period, the last
options were exercised in scal !"##. Any options still unexer -
cised expired that same year. Consequently no options were out -

standing either as of September )", !"#!, or in the prior year.

Shares from the Share Matching Plan
In scal !"##, the members of the Managing Board were enti

tled for the last time to participate in the Siemens Share Match -
ing Plan, and under the plan were entitled to invest up to $"%

of the annual gross amount of their variable cash compensa
tion component (bonus) determined for scal !"#" in Siemens
shares. After expiration of a vesting period of approximately
three years, plan participants will receive one free matching
share of Siemens stock for every three Siemens shares ac -
quired and continuously held under the plan, provided the
participants were employed without interruption at Siemens

AG or a Siemens company until the end of the vesting period.

The following table shows the development of the matching

share entitlements of the individual members of the Managing

Board in scal !"#!.

Balance at beginning Due during Forfeited during Balance at end
of fiscal 06/0 " fiscal year fiscal year of fiscal 06/0 “+
Entitlement to Entitlement to Entitlement to Entitlement to
(Amounts in number of units) matching shares matching shares matching shares matching shares
Managing Board members
serving as of September !5, 45"4
Peter L scher _ _ _— _
Dr. Roland Busch ! 868 802 — 66
Brigitte Ederer 560 560 — —_—
Klaus Helmrich ! 1,131 1,128 — 3
Joe Kaeser 7,661 3,855 — 3,806
Barbara Kux 698 _ _— 698
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt 5,641 3,228 — 2,413
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 5,459 4,926 —_— 533
Peter Y. Solmssen 6,051 6,051 — —
Dr. Michael S § ! —_— —_— — —_
Former members
of the Managing Board
Wolfgang Dehen ° 5,845 4,140 — 1,705
Total 33,914 24,690 _— 9,224

1 Amounts ma y include entitlements acquired before the member joined the Ma
Board

2 The entitlements of t_ he Managing Board members serving in fiscal 06/0 had the follow-
r values: Peter L scher 76 (06//: 76), Dr. Roland Busch 73,494 (06//: 70/,632),
Brigitte Ederer 76 (06/: 7//,251), Klaus Helmrich 7508 (06//: 705,652), Joe Kaeser
7000,088 (06//: 7365,663), Barbara Kux 733,010 (06//: 733,010), Prof. Dr. Hermann
Requardt 7/46,103 (06//: 70/6,/92), Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 705,418 (06//:
7/3/,691), Peter Y. Solmssen 76 (06//: 7/02,511) and Dr. Michael $ § 76 (06//: 76).

The entitlement of former Managing Board member Wolfgang Dehen has the following

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B.

22 B/

29 B.3 Compliance Report

Corpor ate Governance

Corpor ate Governance Report 31
28 B.0 Corporate Governance statement pursuant to
Section 012a of t he German Commercial Code
(part of the Combined Management Report)

fair value: 716,1/5 (06//: 7/92,903). The above fair values also take into account that
the shares acquired under the Base Share Program as part of the Share Matchi
were provided with a Company subsidy (for additional information on the Ba
Program see > *.” 99-* 3.2.1.7 7. AL S34, 3 Le

3 Dr Roland Busch, Klaus Helmrich and Dr. Michael $ § were elected full members of
the Managing Board effective April /, 06//.

4 Wolfgang Dehen resigned from the Managing Board effective March 3/, 06//. Because
he changed positions within the Corporate Group, his entitlements remain in effect
under the applicable guidelines.

B.4 Compensation Report

(part of the Combined Management Report)
44 B.S Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
Sections 012 para. 4 and 3/5 par a. 4 of the
German Commercial Code) and explanatory report
(part of the Combined Management Report)
Share Ownership Guidelines

Different deadlines apply for the individual members of the
Managing Board to provide their rst-time proof of compliance
with the Siemens Share Ownership Guidelines, depending on
the date when the member was appointed to the Managing
Board. The following table shows the number of Siemens

shares held by Managing Board members as of the deadline in

March !"#! for showing compliance with the Share Ownership

Guidelines, and the number of Siemens shares to be held per

manently with a view to future deadlines.

Obligation under Share Ownership Guidelines

(Amounts in number of units or 7) Required value " Required number of shares * Proven number of shares
Managing Board members required

to show proof as of March B, 45"4

Peter L scher 5,961,250 81,874 144,419
Joe Kaeser 1,645,000 22,593 58,170
Prof. Dr. Hermann Requardt 1,645,000 22,593 48,093
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Russwurm 1,645,000 22,593 49,197
Peter Y. Solmssen 1,645,000 22,593 50,522
Total 12,541,250 172,246 350,401

1 The amount of the obligation is based on a member s average base compensation for
the four years prior to h w of his or her achievement of the targets defined by
the Share Ownership Guidelines.

The following table shows the proof-of-compliance obligations
of the other Managing Board members in view of the Share
Ownership Guidelines:

2 Based ont he a

(October — December)

yerage XETRA opening price of 780.1/ for the fourth quarter of 06//

3 As per March 2, 06/0 (date of proof), including 06// Bonus Awards

Obligation under Share Ownership Guidelines

Due date for initial

(Amounts in number of units or 7) Required value * Required number of shares * measurement of adherence
Managing Board members

required to show proof in subsequent years

Dr. Roland Busch 1,800,000 24,722 March 2016
Brigitte Ederer 1,800,000 24,722 March 2015
Klaus Helmrich 1,800,000 24,722 March 2016
Barbara Kux 1,705,000 23,417 March 2013
Dr. Michael S § 1,800,000 24,722 March 2016
Total 8,905,000 122,305

1 The amount of the obligation is based on a member s average base compensation for
the four years prior to h w of his or her achievement of the targets defined by
the Share Ownership Guidelines. The amount shown here is based on average base
compensation since the member s initial appointment.

2 Based on t he aver

(October — December)

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135 D.  Consolidat ed Financial Statements

239 E. — Additional Information

age XETRA opening price of 780.1/ for the fourth quarter of 06//

64

!.".: Remuner ation of members
of the Supervisory Board

The current remuneration policies for the Supervisory Board
were authorized at the Annual Shareholders Meeting held on
January !$, !"##. Details are set out in Section #% of the Articles
of Association of Siemens AG. The remuneration of the Super
visory Board consists entirely of xed compensation. The re
muneration of the members of the Supervisory Board re ects
the responsibilities and scope of work of the Supervisory Board
members. The Chairman and deputy chairmen of the Supervi
sory Board, as well as the Chairmen and members of the Audit
Committee and the Chairman s Committee, and — to a lesser
degree — the Compliance Committee and the Finance and In
vestment Committee, receive additional compensation.

According to current rules, members of the Supervisory Board
receive an annual base compensation of &#(","""; the Chair
man of the Supervisory Board receives a base compensation of

yen
Dy .

&!*","""" and each of the deputy chairmen receives &!

The members of the Supervisory Board committees receive the
following additional xed compensation for their work on
those committees: The Chairman of the Audit Committee re

monn

ceives &#+",""", and each of the other members receives
&*""""": the Chairman of the Chairman s Committee receives
&#!","""" and each of the other members receives &*",""";

the Chairman of the Finance and Investment Committee re

ceives &*",""",| and each of the other members receives
&(","""; the Chairman of the Compliance Committee receives
1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B.

22 B./ Corporate Governance Report 31

28 B.0 Corporate Governance statement pursuant to
Section 012a of t he German Commercial Code
(part of the Combined Management Report)

Corpor ate Governance

29 B.3 Compliance Report

one

&*""""" and each of the other members receives &(",""".

However, no additional compensation is paid for work on the
Compliance Committee if a member of that committee is al
ready entitled to compensation for work on the Audit Committee.

If a Supervisory Board member does not attend a meeting of
the Supervisory Board, one third of the aggregate compensa

tion due to that member is reduced by the percentage of
Super visory Board meetings not attended by the member in
relation to the total number of Supervisory Board meetings
held during the scal year.

In addition, the members of the Supervisory Board are entitled
to receive a meeting attendance fee of &#,$"" for each meeting
of the Supervisory Board and its committees that they attend.

The members of the Supervisory Board are reimbursed for
out- of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their
duties and f or any value-added tax to be paid on their remu
neration. For the performance of his duties, the Chairman of
the Supervisory Board is furthermore entitled to an of ce with
secre tarial support and use of the Siemens carpool service.

No loans or advances from the Company are provided to mem
bers of the Supervisory Board.

The following compensation was determined for each of the
members of the Supervisory Board for scal !"#! (individual
ized disclosure):

B.4 Compensation Report

(part of the Combined Management Report)
44 B.S Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
Sections 012 para. 4 and 3/5 par a. 4 of the

German Commercial Code) and explanatory report

(part of the Combined Management Report)

a

FY 06/0 FY 06//
Additional com- Additional com-
Base pensation for Base pensation for
(Amounts in 7) compensation committee work * Total compensation committee work Total
Supervisory Board members
serving as of September !5, 45"4
Dr. Gerhard Cromme 280,000 280,000 560,000 280,000 280,000 560,000
Berthold Huber * 220,000 80,000 300,000 210,833 76,667 287,500
r. Josef Ackermann ; \ p F r ;
Dr. Josef Ack 207,778 75,556 283,333 210,833 76,667 287,500
Lothar Adler * 140,000 160,000 300,000 40,000 160,000 300,000
Jean-Louis Beffa 132,222 37,778 170,000 40,000 40,000 180,000
Gerd von Brandenstein 140,000 40,000 180,000 34,167 38,333 172,500
Michael Diekmann 140,000 140,000 34,167 — 34,167
Dr. Hans Michael Gaul 140,000 160,000 300,000 40,000 160,000 300,000
Prof. Dr. Peter Gruss 140,000 140,000 28,333 — 28,333
Bettina Haller * 140,000 80,000 220,000 40,000 80,000 220,000
Hans-J rgen Hartung * 140,000 140,000 40,000 — 40,000
arald Kern \ , \ — i
Harald Kern * 140,000 140,000 40,000 40,000
Jrgen Kerner *! 105,000 90,000 195,000 — —_ —_
Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kamm Iler 132,222 132,222 28,333 — 28,333
Werner M nius * 140,000 40,000 180,000 40,000 40,000 180,000
H kan Samuelsson 140,000 40,000 180,000 28,333 36,667 165,000
Dr. Rainer Sieg 140,000 140,000 40,000 — 40,000
Birgit Steinborn * 140,000 120,000 260,000 40,000 120,000 260,000
Lord Iain Vallance of Tummel 140,000 80,000 220,000 40,000 80,000 220,000
Sibylle Wankel ¢ 140,000 40,000 180,000 40,000 40,000 180,000
Former Supervisory Board members
Dieter Scheitor *! 46,667 40,000 86,667 40,000 120,000 260,000
Total 3,083,889 1,363,333 4,447,222 ‘ 3,034,999 1,348,334 4,383,333 ‘
1 Dr. Gerhard Cromme as Chairman of the Supervisory Board and of the Chairman s Jr gen Kerner succeeded Dieter Scheitor on the Supervisory Board by court-ordered
Committee, the Compliance Committee, and the Finance and Investment Committee, appointment as of the end of the day of the Annual Shareholders Meeting on January
as well as a member of the Audit Committee; Berthold Huber as Deputy Chairman of 04, 06/0.
the Supervisory Board and member of the Chairman s Committee; Dr. Josef Ackermann In addition, t he members of the Supervisory Board are entitled to receive a meeting
as Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board and member of the Chairman s Commit - attendance fee of 7/,566 (06: 71,5 66) for cach mectine of the Supervisory Bourd
tee; Lothar Adler as member of the Chairman s Committee, the Compliance Committee sind ste committees that they attend. ta fiseal 06/0. Dr. Geethard Ceommne necel red
and the Finance and Investment Committee; Jean-Louis Beffa as member of the Finance see eter SCA NOI ar Memmare ron
. . meeting fees of 741,666 (06//: 749,566), Dr. Hans Michael Gaul received meeting
and Investment Committee; Gerd von Brandenstein as member of the Finance and fees of 734 66 (06//: 736,666), Lothar Adler rece s of 736,666 a
Investment Committee; Dr. Hans Michael Gaul as Chairman of the Audit Committee oy a a . : < Very a3
~ oe : . (06//: 734,566), Bettina Haller received meeting fees of 705,566 (06//: 736,666),
and member of the Compliance Committee; Bettina Haller as member of the Audit . . . . : - |
dnce Corunittees J ten Kernen ae tnewiber of the Aue Lord Iain Vallance of Tummel received meeting fees of 705,566 (06//: 701,566),
aoe Tce Coit Warne Mauie ae wana Dr. Josef Ackermann received meeting fees of 700,566 (06//: 7/2,566), Birgit Steinborn
‘ | and Mnvestment omni ener Ni nas as member received meeting fees of 700,566 (06//: 736,666), Berthold Huber received meeting
of the Finance and Investment Committee; H kan Samuelsson as member of the ve ae . . | Wonka) mecniam - .
. . . fees of 7/1,666 (06//: 7/2,566), Sibylle Wankel received meeting fees of 7/9,566
Finance and Investment Committee; Dieter Scheitor as member of the Audit Commit - . _ a . . - :
oe - (06//: 7/1,666), Gerd von Brandenstein received meeting fees of 7/3,566 (06//:
tee and the Finance and Investment Committee; Birgit Steinborn as member of the Torneo an - a .
- - ~ 7/9,566), Werner M nius rec: d meeting fees of 7/3,566 (06//: 7/1,666), H kan
Audit Committee and the Finance and Investment Committ ord Tain Vallance of Samuels sceived meeting fees of 7/3 56 6 (06//: 7/3,566), J rgen Kerner received
Tummel as member of the Audit Committee and the Compliance Committee; and Samuelsson received meeting wees OF 112900 COll’ 66), J rgen Kerner received
Sibvlle Wankel az member of the Compliance C se cach weoeived am addtional meeting fees of 7/0,666 (06//: 76), Dieter Scheitor received meeting fees of 7/6,566
Faced compensation for their, fhe see work, ommltice, each received an additional (06//: 736,666), Jean-Louis Beffa received meeting fees of 72,666 (06//: 7/9,566),
Wxee compensation Tor their committee Work. Michael Dickmann received meeting fees of 72,666 (06//: 7/6,566), Prof. Dr. Peter
2 Both the employee representatives on the Supervisory Board who represent the Gruss received meeting fees of 72,666 (06//: 72,666), Hans-J rgen Hartung received

yu.

ry

em ployees pursuant to Section 3 para. / No. / of the German Codetermination Act
(Mitbestimmungsgesetz, MitbestG) and the representatives of the trade unions on
the Supervisory Board declared their readiness to transfer their compensation to the
Hans Boeckler Foundation, in accordance with the guidelines of the Confederation
of German Trade Unions (DGB).

Other

The Company provides a group insurance policy for board and

committee members and certain employees of the Siemens

organization that is taken out for one year and renewed annu

ally. The insurance covers the personal liability of the insured

in the case of a nancial loss associated with employment

49 ©.

Combined Manag ement Report 135. D.

meeting fees of 72,666 (06//: 7/0,666), Harald Kern received meeting fees of 72,666
(06//: 7/0,666), Dr. Rainer Sieg received meeting fees of 72,666 (06//: 7/0,666) and
Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kamm ller received meeting fees of 78,566 (06//: 72,666).

Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to totals provided.

functions. The insurance policy for scal !"#! includes a

deductible f or the members of the Managing Board and the

- Supervisory Board in compliance with the requirements of

the German Stock Corporation Act and the German Corporate

Governance Code.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements

239 E. — Additional Information

(.) /0123425-5262407/ 87935:0 /87 ¢<5=<07/ /3
=2>/83 7= +?@ 3050. 07A ,*) 3050. . 39 /B2 C25:07
>3: :25> 06>3A2) 07A 2D6070/35E52;35 /

The Takeover-Relevant Information pursuant to Sections
!"# para. $ and %&’ para. $ of the German Commercial Code
(Han dels gesetzbuch) and Explanatory Report are part of the
Combined Management Report.

(.).* Composition of common stock

As of September %(, !(&!, the Company s common stock totaled
)!.*$% billion (!(&&: )!.+$% billion) divided into ""& million
(\(&&: #&$,1(%,$!&) registered shares with no par value and a
notional value of )%.(( per share. The shares are fully paid in.

In accordance with Section $ para. % of the Company
of Association, the right of shareholders to have their owner
ship interests evidenced by document is excluded, unless such
evidence is required under the regulations of a stock exchange
on which the shares are listed. Collective share certi cates
may be issued. Pursuant to Section *+ para. ! of the German
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), only those persons re
corded in the Company _ s stock register will be recognized as
shareholders of the Company. For purposes of recording the
shares in the Company _ s stock register, shareholders are re
quired to submit to the Company the number of shares held by
them and their e-mail address if they have one and, in the case

of individuals, their name, address and date of birth, or in the
case of legal entities, their company name, business address
and registered of ces.

All shares confer the same rights and obligations. At the Annual
Shareholders Meeting, each share of stock has one vote and
accounts for the shareholders proportionate share in the
Company s net income. Excepted from this rule are treasury
shares held by the Company, which do not entitle the Company

to any rights. The shareholders rights and obligations are gov
erned by the provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act,

in particular by Sections &!, ’%a et seq., &&" et seq. and &"* of
this German Stock Corporation Act.

(.).+ Restrictions on voting rights or
transfer of shares

Shares issued to employees worldwide under the stock
scheme implemented since the beginning of scal !((#, in
particular the Share Matching Plan, are freely transferable.
However, participants are required to own and hold the shares
issued to them under the rules of the Plan for a vesting period
of about three years, during which the participants have to
have been continuously employed by Siemens AG or another
Siemens company, in order to receive one matching share free

s Articles

of charge for each three shares provided. The right to receive
matching shares forfeits, if the underlying shares are sold,
transferred, hedged on, pledged or hypothecated in any way
during the vesting period.

The von Siemens-Verm gensverwaltung GmbH (vSV) has, ona
sustained basis, powers of attorney allowing it to vote, as of
October &!, !(&!, &&,$’$,$*$ shares on behalf of members of
the Siemens family, whereby aforementioned shares consti
tute a part of the overall number of shares held by members of
the Siemens family. The vSV is a German limited liability com
pany and party to an agreement with, among others, members
of the Siemens family (family agreement). In order to bundle
and represent their interests, the members of the Siemens
family established a family partnership. This family partner
ship makes proposals to the vSV with respect to the exercise of
the voting rights at Shareholders Meetings of the Company,
which are taken into account by the vSV when acting within
the bounds of its professional discretion. Pursuant to the fami

ly agreement, the shares under powers of attorney are voted
by the vSV collectively.

(.).. Equity interests exceeding
!-% of voting rights

We are not aware of, nor have we been noti ed of, any share
holder directly or indirectly holding &(% or more of the voting
rights.

(.).. Shares with special rights
conferring powers of control

There are no shares with special rights conferring powers of
control.

(.).) System of control of any
employee share scheme where
the control rights are not

exercised directly by the employees
Shares of stock issued by Siemens AG to employees under its
employee stock scheme are transferred directly to the employ
ees. The bene ciary employees who hold shares of employee
stock may exercise their control rights in the same way as any
other shareholder directly in accordance with applicable laws
and the Articles of Association.

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporate Governance
22 B.! Corporate Governance Report 31  B.& Compensation Report
28 8B." Corporate Governance statement pursuant to (part of the Combined Management Report)

Section "#$a of t he German Commercial Code 44 BL
(part of the Combined Management Report)
29 B.% Compliance Report

Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to
Sections "#$ para. & and %!’ para. & of the
German Commercial Code) and explanatory report
(part of the Combined Management Report)
(.).F Legislation and pr ovisions of the
articles of association applicable to the
appointment and removal of members
of the Managing Board and governing
amendment to the Articles of Association

The appointment and removal of members of the Managing
Board is subject to the provisions of Sections "$ and "’ of the
German Stock Corporation Act and Section %& of the German
Codetermination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). According to
these provisions, members of the Managing Board are appoint
ed by the Supervisory Board for a maximum term of ve years.
They may be reappointed or have their term of of ce extended
for one or more terms of up to a maximum of ve years each.
Pursuant to Section %& para. ! of the German Codetermination
Act, a majority of at least two thirds of the members of the
Super visory Board is required to appoint members of the Man
aging Board. If such majority is not achieved, the Mediation
Committee shall give, within one month after the rst round
of voting, a recommendation for the appointments to the Man
aging Board. The Supervisory Board will then appoint the
members of the Managing Board with the votes of the majority
of its members. If such appointment fails as well, the Chairman
of the Supervisory Board shall have two votes in a new round
of voting.

According to Section " para. & of the Articles of Association,
the Managing Board is comprised of several members, the
number of which is determined by the Supervisory Board. Pur
suant to Section "$ of the German Stock Corporation Act and
Section # of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board
may appoint a President of the Managing Board as well as a
Vice President. If a required member of the Managing Board
has not been appointed, the necessary appointment shall be
made, in urgent cases, by a competent court upon motion by
any party concerned, in accordance with Section "’ of the
German Stock Corporation Act. Pursuant to Section "$ para. %
of the German Stock Corporation Act, the Supervisory Board
may revoke the appointment of an individual as member of
the Managing Board or as President of the Managing Board for
good cause.

According to Section &+# of the German Stock Corporation Act,
any amendment to the Articles of Association requires a reso
lution of the Annual Shareholders Meeting. The authority to
adopt purely formal amendments to the Articles of Association
was transferred to the Supervisory Board under Section &% para.
! of the Articles of Association. In addition, by resolution of
the Annual Shareholders Meetings on January !+, !((# and
January !’, !(&&, the Supervisory Board has been authorized
to amend Section $ of the Articles of Association in accordance

with the utilization of the Authorized Capital !((# and the
Authorized Capital !(&&, and after expiration of the then-appli -
cable authorization period.

Resolutions of the Annual Shareholders Meeting require a
simple majority vote, unless a greater majority is required by

law. Pursuant to Section &+# para. ! of the German Stock
Corporation Act, amendments to the Articles of Association
require a majority of at least three-fourth of the capital stock
represented at the voting round, unless another capital major -
ity is prescribed by the Articles of Association.

(.).G Powers of the Managing Board
to issue and repurchase shares

The Managing Board is authorized to increase, with the

appr oval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock until Jan -
uary !*, !(&$ by up to )’!(." million through the issuance of

up to &+%.* million registered shares of no par value against
cash contributions and/or contributions in kind (Authorized
Capital !((#). The Managing Board is authorized to exclude,

with the approval of the Supervisory Board, preemptive rights

of shareholders in the event of capital increases against con -
tributions in kind. In addition, preemptive rights of sharehold -
ers may be excluded in the event of capital increases against

cash contributions, (&) to make use of any fractional amounts,

(!) in order to grant holders of conversion or option rights is -
sued by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as protection
against the effects of dilution, preemptive rights to subscribe

for new shares, and (%) if the issue price of the new shares is

not signi cantly lower than their stock market price and the

total of the shares issued in accordance with Section &"* para.

% sentence $ of the German Stock Corporation Act (against

cash contributions not signi cantly below the stock market

price, with shareholders subscription rights excluded) to -
gether with other shares issued or disposed of by direct or
mutatis mutandis application of this statutory regulation dur -
ing the effective period of this authorization until the date of

using this authorization does not exceed &(% of the capital

stock at that point in time.

Furthermore, the Managing Board is authorized to increase,

with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the capital stock

until January !$, !(&* by up to )#( million through the issu -
ance of up to %( million registered shares of no par value
against contributions in cash (Authorized Capital !(&é&). Pre -
emptive rights of existing shareholders are excluded. The new

shares shall be issued under the condition that they are offered
exclusively to employees of Siemens AG and its subsidiaries.

The new shares may also be issued to a suitable bank that as -
sumes the obligation to use these shares for the sole purpose

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135. D.  Consolidat ed Financial Statements 239 §E. Additional Information

of granting them to employees of Siemens AG and any of its
consolidated subsidiaries. To the extent permitted by law, em -
ployee shares may also be issued in such a manner that the
contribution to be paid on such shares is covered by that part

of the annual net income which the Managing Board and the
Supervisory Board may allocate to other retained earnings

om

under Section’" par a. ! of the German Stock Corporation Act.

As of September %(, !(&!, the total unissued authorized capital

of Siemens AG therefore consisted of )*&(." million nominal

that may be issued in installments with varying terms by issu -
ance of up to !(%.* million registered shares of no par value. For
details, please refer to Section $ of the Articles of Association.

By resolution of the Annual Shareholders Meeting of January

!*, 1(&(, the Managing Board was authorized until January !’,

!(&’ to issue bonds in an aggregate principal amount of up to

)&’ billion with conversion rights or with warrants attached, or

a combination of these instruments, entitling the holders to
subscribe to up to !(( million new registered shares of Siemens

AG of no par value, representing a pro rata amount of up to
)*((amillion of the capital stock. The bonds under this authori -
zation are to be issued against cash or non-cash contributions.

Besides, by resolution of the Annual Shareholders Meeting of
January !’, !(&&, the Managing Board was authorized until
January !$, !(&* to issue bearer or registered bonds in an ag -
gregate principal amount of up to )&’ billion with conversion

rights or with bearer or registered warrants attached or a com -
bination of these instruments, entitling the holders to sub -
scribe to up to #(__— million new registered shares of Siemens AG

of no par value, representing a pro rata amount of up to )!+(

million of the capital stock. The bonds under this authoriza -
tion are to be issued against cash contributions.

For further details of the authorizations please refer to the re

spective resolutions of the Annual Shareholders Meetings. In
particular, the bonds are, as a matter of principle, to be offered
to shareholders for subscription, including the possibility of is -

suing them to banks with the obligation that they must be of
fered to shareholders for subscription. However, the Managing
Board is authorized to exclude shareholders subscription

rights with the approval of the Supervisory Board (&) provided

that the issue price of the bonds is not signi cantly lower than

their theoretical market price computed in accordance with
generally accepted actuarial methods, (!) to the extent the ex -
clusion is necessary with regard to fractional amounts result -
ing from the subscription ratio, (%) in order to grant holders of
conversion or option rights or conversion or option obligations

on Siemens shares subscription rights as compensation against

the effects of dilution, and ($) to the extent that bonds were is -
sued against non-cash contributions, in particular within the

context of business combinations or when acquiring compa -
nies or interests therein.

In order to grant shares of stock to holders of convertible bonds
or warrant bonds issued until January !’, !(&’ by the Company
or any of its consolidated subsidiaries in accordance with the
authorization of the Managing Board adopted by the Annual
Shareholders Meeting on January !*, !(&(, the capital stock
was conditionally increased by )*(( million through the issu -
ance of up to !((

names of the holders (Conditional Capital !(&(). In order to

million no-par value shares registered in the

grant shares of stock to holders or creditors of convertible
bonds or warrant bonds issued until January !$, !(&* by the
Company or any of its consolidated subsidiaries in accordance

with the authorization of the Managing Board adopted by the
Annual Shareholders Meeting on January !’, !(&&, the capital
stock was conditionally increased by )!+( million through the
issuance of up to #(_ _— million no-par value shares registered in

the names of the holders (Conditional Capital !(&&).

The total of the shares to be issued on the basis of bond issues
under these authorizations pursuant to Section &"* para. % sen -
tence $ of the German Stock Corporation Act, in combination
with other shares issued or sold by direct or mutatis mutandis
application of this statutory regulation during the effective pe

riod of these authorizations, does not exceed &(% of the capital

stock at the date of using these authorization. This limit also
includes shares of stock issued up to this point in time against
non-cash contributions, under exclusion of shareholders sub -
scription rights, on the basis of the Authorized Capital !((#. In
addition, the issue of convertible bonds and/or warrant bonds
pursuant to both authorizations shall be limited to convertible

bonds and/or warrant bonds that entitle or oblige to subscribe

to a maximum number of !(( million Siemens shares repre

senting a pro rata amount of )*(( million of the capital stock

while both authorizations are simultaneously effective.

In February !(&! Siemens issued bonds with warrant units

with a volume of US$% billion. The bonds with warrant units

with a minimum per-unit denomination of US$!’(,((( were

offered exclusively to institutional investors outside the U.S.
Pre-emptive rights of Siemens shareholders were excluded.

The bonds issued by Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V.

are guaranteed by Siemens AG and complemented with war -
rants issued by Siemens AG. The warrants entitle their holders

to receive Siemens shares against payment of the exercise

price in Euros. At issuance, the warrants resulted in option

rights relating to a total of about !&.+ million Siemens shares.

The terms and conditions of the warrants enable Siemens to

service exercised option rights also by delivering treasury

stock as well as to buy back the warrants. The bonds with war -
rant units were issued in two tranches with maturities of

1 A. To our Shareholders 21 B. Corporate Governance
22 B.! Corporate Governance Report 31  B.& Compensation Report
28 8B." Corporate Governance statement pursuant to (part of the Combined Management Report)
Section "#$a of t he German Commercial Code 44 B.  Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to

(part of the Combined Management Report)

29 B.% Compliance Report

Sections "#$ para. & and %!’ para. & of the
German Commercial Code) and explanatory report
(part of the Combined Management Report)
peed

and +.’ years, respectively. The maturities refer to both the
bonds and t_ he related warrants. After issuance, the warrants
can be detached from the bonds, the option period com
menced on March !", !(&!. The bonds with warrant units, the
bonds detached from warrants and the warrants detached are
listed by Deutsche Bank AG in the Open Market segment of the
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Freiverkehr).

On January !’, !(&&, the Annual Shareholders Meeting autho
rized the Company to acquire until January !$, '(&* up to &(%
of its #&$,!(%,$!& shares of stock existing at the date of adopt

ing the resolution or — if this value is lower — as of the date on

which the authorization is exercised. The aggregate of shares

of stock of Siemens AG repurchased under this authorization
and any other Siemens shares previously acquired and still
held in treasury by the Company or attributable to the Compa

ny pursuant to Sections +&d and +&e of the German Stock Cor
poration Act, may at no time exceed &(% of the then existing
capital stock. Any repurchase of Siemens shares shall be ac
complished at the discretion of the Managing Board either (&)
by acquisition over the stock exchange or (!) through a public
share repurchase offer.

The Managing Board is additionally authorized, with the ap
proval of the Supervisory Board, to complete the repurchase of
Siemens shares in accordance with the authorization de
scribed above, with the use of certain equity derivatives (put
options, call options, forward purchases and by using a combi-
nation of these derivatives). In exercising this authorization,
all stock repurchases based on the equity derivatives are limit
ed to a maximum volume of ’% of the capital stock of
#&$,1(%,$!& shares existing at the date of adopting the resolu
tion at the Annual Shareholders Meeting. An equity deriva
tive s term of maturity must, in each case, not exceed &"
months and must be chosen in such a way that the repurchase
of Siemens shares upon exercise of the equity derivative will
take place no later than January !$, !(&*.

Besides selling them over the stock exchange or through a
public sales offer to all shareholders, the Managing Board was
authorized by resolution of the Annual Shareholders Meeting
on January !’, !(&& to also use Siemens shares repurchased on
the basis of this or any previously given authorization as fol
lows: such Siemens shares may be (&) retired; (!) offered for
purchase to individuals currently or formerly employed by the
Company or any of its consolidated subsidiaries as well as to
board members of any of the Company s consolidated subsid
jiaries, or awarded and / or transferred to such individuals with
a vesting period of at least two years, provided that the em
ployment relationship or board membership existed at the
time of the offer or award commitment; (%) offered and trans
ferred, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to third

parties against non-cash contributions, particularly in connec -
tion with business combinations or the acquisition of compa -
nies, businesses, parts of businesses or interests therein; ($)

sold, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to third par -
ties against payment in cash if the price at which such Siemens

shares are sold is not signi cantly lower than the market price

of Siemens stock at the time of selling, or (’) used to meet ob -
ligations or rights to acquire Siemens shares arising from, or in
connection with, convertible bonds or warrant bonds issued

by the Company or any of its consolidated subsidiaries. The ag -
gregate volume of shares used under the authorization pursu -
ant to ($) and (’) by mutatis mutandis application of the provi -
sions of Section &"* para. %sentence $ of the German Stock
Corporation Act together with other shares issued or sold by

direct or mutatis mutandis application of this statutory regula -
tion during the effective period of this authorization until the

date of using this authorization must not exceed &(% of the
capital stock at that point in time.

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board was authorized by resolu -
tion of the Annual Shareholders Meeting on January !’, '(&&

to use shares acquired on the basis of this or any previously

given authorization to meet obligations or rights to acquire
Siemens shares that were or will be agreed with members of

the Managing Board of Siemens AG within the framework of

rules governing Managing Board compensation. In particular,
repurchased shares may be offered for acquisition, or awarded

and /or tr ansferred subject to a restriction period, by the Super -
visor y Board to the members of the Managing Board, provided

that Managing Board membership existed at the time of the

offer or award commitment.

In August !(&!, Siemens announced a share buy back amount-

ing to up to )% billion, using the authorization given by the An -
nual Shareholders Meeting on January !’, !(&&. The shares re-
purchased may be used for the purposes of cancellation and
reduction of capital stock, issuance to employees, board mem -
bers of af liated companies and members of the Managing

Board as well as to meet obligations arising under and in con -
nection with convertible bonds and warrant bonds. The share

buy back was completed on November +, !(&!, after repurchas -
ing %+,#$#,!"* shares, the total consideration paid for the

shares amounting to about )!,# billion (excluding incidental
transaction charges). Additionally, the Managing Board decid -
ed to cancel %%,!(%,$!& treasury shares, which reduced the
common stock from #&$,!(%,$!& to ""& million shares. As of
September %(, !(&!, the Company held !$,+!’,*+$ ((&&:
%ot,#’ !,(+$) shares _ of stock in treasury.

For further information on the authorized and conditional capi -
tals and on the treasury stock of the Company as of September

Jol, (&! see > %&’( )* +% ,.* To&? (- ?& .&%-&I/+, O'( , 1+%0%+0/
-" 0 (2(%’-

49 C. Combined Manag ement Report 135. D.  Consolidat ed Financial Statements 239 §E. Additional Information

(.).? Significant agreements which take
effect, alter or terminate upon a change
of control of the Company following a
takeover bid

Siemens AG maintains two lines of credit in an amount of )$
billion and an amount of US$$ billion respectively which pro
vide its lenders with a right of termination in the event that (&)
Siemens AG becomes a subsidiary of another company or (!) a
person or a group of persons acting in concert acquires effec
tive control over Siemens AG by being able to exercise decisive
in uence over its activities (Art. %(!) of Council Regulation (EC)
& %#/!(($). In addition, Siemens AG has a bilateral credit line at
its disposal in the amount of )$’( million which may be termi
nated by the lender if major changes in Siemens AG s corpo
rate legal situation occur that jeopardize the orderly repay
ment of the credit.

Framework agreements concluded by Siemens AG under Inter
national Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. documentation
(ISDA Agreements) grant the counterparty a right of termina
tion upon the occurrence of the following events: (i) the
Company consolidates with, merges into, or transfers at least
substantially all its assets to a third party and (&) the resulting
entity s creditworthiness is materially weaker than the
Company s immediately prior to such event, or (!) the resulting
entity fails to simultaneously assume the Company s obliga
tions under the ISDA Agreement; or (ii) additionally some ISDA
Agreements grant the counterparty a right of termination upon

a third party acquiring the bene cial ownership of equity secu

rities having the power to elect a majority of the Company

Super visory Board or otherwise acquiring the power to control

the Company  s material policy-making decisions and the credit
worthiness of the Company is materially weaker than it was im
mediately prior to such event. In either situation, ISDA Agree
ments are designed such that upon termination all outstanding
payment claims documented under them are to be netted.

In February !(&! Siemens issued bonds with warrant units
with a volume of US$% billion. In case of a Change of Control ,
the terms and conditions of these warrants enable their hold

ers to receive a higher number of Siemens shares in accor
dance with an adjusted strike price if they exercise their option
rights within a certain period of time after the Change of Con
trol. This period of time shall end either (&) not less than
%( days and no more than *( days after publication of the
no tice of the issuer regarding the Change of Control, as deter

mined by the issuer or (!) %( days after the Change of Control
becomes rst publicly known. The strike price adjustment de -
creases depending on the remaining term of the warrants and

is determined in detail in the terms and conditions of the war -
rants. In this context, a Change of Control occurs if a person or
persons acting in concert, respectively, acquires or acquire
control of the Company.

(.).@ Compensation agreements with
members of the Managing Board or
employees in the event of a takeover bid

In the event of a change of control — that is if one or several
shar eholders acting jointly or in concert acquire a majority of

the voting rights in Siemens AG and exercise a controlling in -
uence, or if Siemens AG becomes a dependent enterprise as a

result of entering into an intercompany agreement within the
meaning of Section !#& of the German Stock Corporation Act,

or if Siemens AG is to be merged into another company — any
member of the Managing Board has the right to terminate the
contract of employment if such change of control results in a
substantial change in position (for example due to a change in
corporate strategy or a change in the Managing Board mem -
ber s duties and responsibilities). If this right of termination is
exercised, the Managing Board member is entitled to a sever -
ance payment in the amount of not more than two years com -
pensation. The calculation of the annual compensation in -
cludes not only the base compensation and the target amount

for the bonus, but also the target amount for the Stock Awards.

This calculation will be based on the last contractual year be -
fore the termination of the contract. Additionally, the sever -
ance payments cover non-monetary bene ts by paying an

amount of ’% of the compensation or severance total. Further -
more, compensatory or severance payments will be reduced

&’% as a lump-sum allowance for discounted values and for in -
come earned elsewhere. However, this reduction will apply on -
ly to the portion of the compensatory or severance payment

that was calculated without taking account of the rst six

months of the remaining term of the Managing Board mem -
ber s contract. The stock-based compensation components for

which a rm commitment already exists remain unaffected.

No severance payments are made to the extent the Managing

Board member receives bene ts from third parties on the occa -
sion of, or in connection with, a change of control. A right of
termination does not exist if the change of control occurs

within a period of twelve months prior to a Managing Board
member s retirement.
C. Combined
Manag ement Report

!." Busines s and economic environment
#$.$ The Siemens Gr oup

#.$.& Economic en vironment

#$.( Strategy

!.4 Financial performance measures

#.&$ Revenue growth Additional measures

#.&.& Capit al ef ciency and pro tability Additional information for
#.&.( Capit al structure nancial performance measures
#.&.) Dividend

!.§ Results of operations
#.($ Results of Siemens .(.( Reconciliation to adjusted EBITDA
+& #.(.& Segment inf ormation analysis (continuing operations)

%&!'.% Financial position
%& #.).$ Principles and objectives Cash 0 ws

of nancial management Capit al resources and requirements
%( #.).& Capit al structure

Net assets position
Overall assessment of the economic position
* !.( Subseq uent events

*4+ !.) Sustainability

*+ #.%$ Sus tainability at Siemens $") #.%.+ Environmental Portfolio
*% #.%.& Research and development $"’ #.%.% Environmental performance
"$ #.%.( Suppl y chain management $"+ #.%.* Employees

"& #.%.) Production $"* #.%.$" Com pliance

"( #.%.! Quality manag ement $$$ _ #.%.$$ Cor porate citizenship

"( #.%. Distribution and customer relations

$$ !.* Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks
$$$ #.*.$ Report on expected developments $&+ #.*.! Signicantc haracteristics of the
$’ #.*.& Risk manag ement accounting-related internal control
$% #.*.( Risks and risk management system

&’ #.*.) Oppor tunities

&* !."4+ Compensation Report, Corporate Governance statement
pursuant to Section,-.aoft he German Commercial Code,
Takeover-Relevant Information and Explanatory Report

(" !."""— Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of German commercial code)

(" #.$$.$ Business and economicen vironment $(( #.$$.) Employees

(" #.$$.& Results of operations $((__ #.$$.! Risks and opportunities
$(& #.$$.( Net assets and nancial position $( #.$$.’ Outlook

Q !."# Notes and forward-looking statements

Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this Combined Management Report may not add up
precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

ement Report

C. Combined Manag

/0

#3 56789:77 ;9< : #=9=>8# :92?8@=9>:9A

#.$.$8 The Siemens Gr oup

1" 12345674861 5 459

:4;6; 1<=2>;>5848615

We are a globally operating, integrated technology company

with core activities in the elds of energy, healthcare, industry,

and infrastructure, and we occupy leading market positions
worldwide in the majority of our businesses. We can look back

on a successful history spanning !"# years, with groundbreak -
ing and revolutionary innovations such as the invention of the
dynamo, the rst commercial light bulb, the rst electric
streetcar, the construction of the rst public power plant, and

the rst images of the inside of the human body. On a continu -
ing basis, we have around $%&,&&& employees as of September
$&, ’&!’ and business activities in approximately !(& countries

and reported consolidated revenue of )%*.’(" billion in scal

*>&!. We operate in excess of ’(& major production and manu -
facturing plants worldwide. In addition, we have of ce build -
ings, warehouses, research and development facilities or sales

of ces in almost every country in the world.

Siemens comprises Siemens AG, a stock corporation under

the Federal laws of Germany, as the parent company and a to -
tal of about !,&&& legal entities, including minority invest -
ments. Our Company is incorporated in Germany, with our
corporate headquarters situated in Munich. Siemens operates

under the leadership of its Managing Board, which comprises

the Chief Executive Of cer (CEO) and Chief Financial Of cer
(CFO) as well as the heads of selected corporate functions and

the CEOs of the Sectors.

Our fundamental organizational principles are:

> the CEO principle,

> the end-to-end business responsibility of the Sectors,
Divisions and Busines s Units, and

> the unrestricted right of selected corporate functions to
issue instructions in relation to a function to the extent

leg ally permissible.

The Siemens Managing Boar d is the sole management body
and has overall business responsibility in accordance with the

German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). At all other orga

nizational levels within our Company, management responsi
bility is assigned to individuals who make decisions and as -
sume personal responsibility (CEO principle). This principle es -
tablishes clear and direct responsibilities and fosters ef cient
decision-making.

Our Sectors, Divisions, Business Units and Financial Services
(SFS) are global entrepreneurs and have end-to-end business
responsibility worldwide, including with regard to their operat -
ing results. They therefore have right of way over the regional

units (Clusters and Countries) in business matters. The Clusters

and Countries are responsible for the local customer relation -
ship management and for implementing the business strate -
gies of the Sectors and SFS as well as the requirements set by

the corporate functions.

In addition to their particular authority to issue binding com -
pan y-wide guidelines and to their monitoring and coordinating
responsibilities, the heads of selected corporate functions (Fi -
nance and Controlling, Legal and Compliance, Human Resources

and Supply Chain Management, for example) have an unrestrict -
ed right to issue instructions in relation to a function across all

parts of the Company to the extent legally permissible.

Below the Managing Board, Siemens is structured organiza -
tionally into Sectors, SFS which acts as business partner for

the Sectors and also conducts its own business with external
customers, Cross-Sector Services that support other Siemens

units, Corporate Units with speci c corporate functions, and
regional Clusters. The Sectors are principally broken down into
Divisions and these in turn into Business Units.

During scal ’&!!, we initiated a change in the organizational
structure of our Sectors which became effective October !, ’&!!.
Beginning with scal ’&!’, we formed a fourth Sector, Infra -
structure &Cities, in additiont 0 our existing three Sectors,Ener = -
gy, Healthcare and Industry, in order to bene t from the growth

of urban centers and the demand for infrastructure solutions.

The Infrastructure &Cities Sect or comprises the activities of the
former Industry Sector s Divisions Building Technologies and
Mobility and the former Energy Sector s activities of the Power
Distribution Division, including Smart Grid applications. Results
for prior years are presented on a comparable basis.

Following this change in the organizational structure, our busi -
ness activities focus on four Sectors, Energy, Healthcare, Indus -
try and Infrastructure &Cities. These Sect ors form four of ourre -
portable segments. In addition to our four Sectors, we have two

additional reportable segments: Equity Investments and SFS.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and

93 C.0 Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
1436; 1< =2>;>5848615 4; 1<;>=8>C:>2 $+, #H"#

Infrastructure &Cities

Sect or

Fossil Power
Generation

Wind Power
Oil&Gas

Power Transmission

Diagnos tics

Drive Technologies

Indus try Automation

Transportation &
Logistics

Power Grid
Solutions &Products
Building
Technologies

Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements

Centrally managed

tfoli tiviti Siemens Real Estate
portfolio activities

Eliminations,
Corporate Treasury and
other reconciling items

Corporate items
and pensions

Within this combined management report, we provide nan
cial measures for our four Sectors and for two Businesses, each
combining two Divisions within a Sector as well as for eight Di
visions of our Sectors. These nancial measures include: new
orders, revenue, prot and prot margin. Divisions within a
Sector may do business with each other, leading to corre
sponding new orders and rev _ enue. Such orders and revenues
are only eliminated on a Sector _ level. Furthermore, our report
able segments may do business with each other, leading to
corresponding new order and revenue. Such orders and reve
nues are eliminated on the Siemens level within Eliminations,
Corporate Treasury and other reconciling items and are not in
cluded in new orders and revenue with external customers
(external orders and external revenue, respectively) reported

in this document. Free cash ow and further information is re
ported for each reportable segment in the Notes to Consolidat

ed Financial Statements.

For information related to the de nition of these nancial
measures and to the reconciliation of segment nancial mea
sures to the Consolidated Financial Statements, see

> "4

51 8>; 459 <12@429-Al1 B653 ;848>C>58; and — 51 8> $ 65 9.

51 8>; 81 115; 1A6948>9<6545 ! 64A; 848>C>58; .

129 C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C..,
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant

information and explanatory report

On a geographic basis, Siemens is subdivided into !+ Regional
Clusters, which are in turn assigned to one of our three reporting

regions. We report nancial measures for these three regions:

2>361 54A ;82D! 8D2> 4; 1<;>=8>C:>2 $+, #+"#

ructure

Europe, Asia.
C.LS., Africa, Americas ‘Australia
Middle East

1 Common wealth of Independent States.

In addition, we report nancial information at group level
for certain major countries within each region, including
Ger many (within the region Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East),
the U.S. (within the region Americas), and China and India
(within the region Asia, Australia).

135) D.
239 «EL

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
134 C.- Notes and forward-looking statements

1?
N"\""# :D;65>;;9>; !26=865

Energy

The Energy Sector offers a wide spectrum of products, services

and solutions for the generation and transmission of power, and

the extraction, conversion and transport of oil and gas. It primar -
ily addresses the needs of energy providers, but also serves in -
dustrial companies, particularly in the oil and gas industry.

External revenue of the Sector was )’%.$&’ billion in  scal

’*&!’, representing $#% of Siemens revenue. The following

chart provides a geographic breakdown of the Sector s exter -
nal revenue in scal ’&!’.

| 2>E>SD> ;F42> 65 G (C3#;A8=9 =D#67A=>: @)

Asia, Australia: 19%

Europe, C.LS.’, °
Africa, Middle East: 51%

Americas: 30%

therein U.S.: 20%
therein Germany: 7%

1 Common wealth of Independent States.

At the end of scal ’&!’, the Energy Sector comprised the fol -
lowing ve Divisions: Fossil Power Generation; Wind Power;

Oil &Gas; Power Transmission and Energy Service. In the
fourth quarter of scal ’&!’, Siemens decided to divest its so -
lar thermal business and photovoltaic business (solar busi -
ness). Following the decision the solar thermal and photovol -
taic businesses are reported as discontinued operations for all

periods covered in this annual report. Energy formed a new
Sector-led unit, Hydro &Storage. This unit comprises the Sec -
tor s hydro power generation activities including its minority

stake in Voith Hydro Holding GmbH &Co. KG as well as its en -
ergy storage devices.

The Fossil Power Generation Division offers high-ef ciency
products and solutions for fossil-based power generation. The
offering extends from gas and steam turbines and generators

to complete turnkey power plants. The Division concentrates

on gas and steam turbines and turbo generators, including

control systems, in the larger power range, with an emphasis

on combined-cycle (gas and steam) power plants, heat recov -
ery steam generators, steam power plants and conventional is -
lands for nuclear power plants. It also develops solutions for
instrumentation and control systems for all types of power

plants and for use in power generation, including information
technology solutions providing management applications

from the plant to the enterprise level and is working on the de -
velopment and production of systems based on emerging
technologies such as integrated gasi cation and carbon cap -
ture and storage. In scal ’&!’, the Division acquired the

NEM B.V. business, a specialist in heat recovery steam genera -
tors for combined-cycle power plants. To further expand its
global gas turbine manufacturing network, Fossil Power Gener -
ation launched a subsidiary, Siemens Gas Turbine Technologies
Holding B.V. in scal ’&!’. The Division has a "#% stake in the
subsidiary. As part of the transaction, Fossil Power Generation
completed the sale of its ’#% interest in OAO Power Machines,
Russia. The Division is represented in a number of joint ventures

in China, including Shanghai Electric Power Generation Equip -
ment in which Fossil Power Generation holds a stake of +&%.

The Wind Power
power rating ranging from ’.$ megawatts to ".& megawatts

Division manufactures wind turbines with a

and rotor diameters spanning *’ to !#+ meters for on- and off -
shore applications. It also provides services to off- and onshore

wind farms. The Division holds a +(% equity stake in a joint
venture with Dong Energy A/S, A’Sea A/S, a supplier of installa -
tion services for the construction of offshore wind-farms. In

scal ’&!’, the Division entered into agreements for two joint
ventures with Shanghai Electric Group (SEG) for the produc -
tion and sales of wind turbines in China.

The Oil &Gas Division supplies highly ef cient small and me -
dium gas and steam turbines for industrial power generation
and mechanical drives as well as turbo compressors for a broad
range of applications to the oil and gas industries, the process
industry and other industries. The Oil &Gas Division fur ther of
fers a variety of automation and electrical products, systems

and solutions for eld, production and management levels, en -
terprise intelligence solutions for safe and reliable operation,
planning, scheduling and life-cycle services, including feasibil -
ity studies, as well as design and performance enhancement
programs. In addition, the Division offers a broad range of wa -
ter treatment, (re-)injection and management systems for on -
shore installations and for xed and oating facilities offshore.

Recent acquisitions, including all of the shares of ve entities
constituting the Connectors | &Measur ements business of | Expro
Holdings UK $ Ltd., help the Division to strategically expand its

range of products, solutions and consulting services for sub -
sea activities.

The Energy Service Division offers comprehensive services,
including parts and components, for complete power plants
including on- and of fshore wind farms as well as rotating ma -
chines such as gas and steam turbines, generators and com -
pressors. It provides these services using advanced plant diag -
nostics and systems engineering. The Division also offers pow -
er plant maintenance and operation services and emissions

control services and systems. Financial results relating to the

Energy Service Division are re ected in the Fossil Power Gen -
&Gas Division and t he Wind Power
Division and ar e therefore not reported separately.

eration Division, the Oil

95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
96 C.2  Subseq uent events
97 C3 Sustainability

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C., Business and economic environment
64 C.- Financial performance measures
69 C.. Results of oper ations
82 C./ Financial position

93 C.0 Net assets position

111 C4 Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks
The Power Transmission
mission solutions, power and distribution transformers, high-
voltage switching and non-switching products and systems,
and innovative alternating and direct current transmission
systems. The Division supplies energy utilities and large indus
trial power users with equipment, systems and services used
to process and transmit electrical power from the source, typi
cally a power plant, to various points along the power trans
mission network. The Division is working with joint ventures
in China with different partners and has a joint venture with
In neon Technologies in Germany for design, manufacturing
and sale of high performance semiconductors.

The Energy Sector distributes its products and services through
its own dedicated sales force, supported by Siemens world
wide network of regional companies. Additional sales chan
nels include joint ventures and license partners, especially in
markets requiring a high degree of local knowledge.

Overall, the Sector s principal customers are large power utili
ties and independent power producers. Because certain signi
cant areas of the Sector s business, such as power plant con
struction, involve working on medium- or longer-term projects
for customers who may not require the Sector s services again
in the short term, the Sector s most signi cant customers tend
to vary signi cantly from year to year.

The Energy Sector s business activities vary widely in size from
component delivery and comparatively small projects to turn
key contracts for the construction of new power plants with
contract values of more than )&.# billion each. The large size of
some of the Sector s projects occasionally exposes it to risks re
lated to technical performance, a customer or a country. The
Sector has experienced, and may continue to experience signi
cant losses on individual projects in connection with such risks.
Moreover, the Sector generates an increasing portion of its rev
enue from oil and gas activities and industrial customers in the
developing world. While this region represents a growth market
for power generation, and transmission products and systems,
the Sector s activities in that region expose it to risks associated
with economic, nancial and political disruptions that could
result in lower demand or affect customers abilities to pay.

While the Sector historically competed primarily with large in
dustrial companies from western countries, emerging market
competitors have become more and more important, as they are
increasingly expanding their operations beyond the borders of
their home markets. The Sector s competitors vary by Division.

The Fossil Power Generation Division s market consists of a rel
atively small number of companies, some with very strong
positions in t heir domestic markets. Its principal competitors

Division covers high-voltage trans

in gas turbines are Alstom, General Electric and Mitsubishi
Heavy Industries, whereas its main competitors in steam tur
bines are Alstom, Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited, General
Electric and Toshiba. In China, manufacturers are mainly
focused on their large home market, but have recently begun
to transform from local to international suppliers. The Division
aims to participate in growth through a Chinese joint venture.
Korean engineering and procurement companies offer a large
product and solutions range and establish themselves as one-
stop-shops which offer customer solutions out of one hand.
In instrumentation and controls, ABB and Emerson Electric are
the Division s principal competitors.

The principal competitors in the market served by the Wind
Power Division ar e Enercon, Gamesa, General Electric, Gold
wind, Sinovel, Suzlon and Vestas. The competitive situation
differs between the market segments. In the market for on
shore wind-farms, competition is widely dispersed, without
any one company holding a dominant share of the market. In
contrast, there are only a few major players in the market for
technologically more complex offshore wind-farms. Overall,
the industry currently suffers from overcapacity and is largely
regarded as being in an early stage of consolidation.

The principal competitors of the Oil
uct; in automation and electrical equipment, they are ABB and
Honeywell above all, whereas in compressors and steam and gas

turbines, they are Dresser Rand, General Electric, MAN Diesel
Turbo and Solar Turbines. Overall, competition in the markets

served by the Oil &Gas Division is c haracterized by a relatively

small number of companies, some with a very strong position in
the markets and some with a regional focus, playing key roles.

The primary competitors of the Power Transmission Division
are a small group of large, multinational companies offering a
wide variety of products, systems and services. Its key global
competitors are ABB and Alstom. Further competition comes
from emerging countries, regional and niche manufacturers,
such as XD from China, Crompton Greaves from India, HHI from
Korea and Mitsubishi Electric from Japan. Power Transmission
Division entered into several joint ventures in China, which is
the Sector s largest national power transmission market.

Healthcare
The Healthcare

portfolio of medical solutions across the treatment chain

Sector offers customers a comprehensive

ranging from medical imaging to in-vitro diagnostics to inter
ventional systems and clinical information technology sys
tems — all from a single source. In addition, the Sector provides
technical maintenance, professional and consulting services,
and, together with Financial Services (SFS), nancing to assist
customers in purchasing the Sector s products.

&Gas Division v ary by prod -

135. D. Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. — Additional Information
129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.,, Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134. C.- Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report
/I

External revenue of the Sector was )!$."&& billion in scal

*&!’, representing !%% of Siemens revenue. The following
chart provides a geographic breakdown of the Sector s exter -
nal revenue in scal ’&!’.

| 2>E>5D> ;F42> 65 G (C=#,A8=9 =D#67A=>:@)

Asia, Australia: 24%

Europe, C.L.S.’,,. ——————~
Africa, Middle East: 34%

therein Germany: 8% eS

Americas: 42%

therein U.S.: 35%

1 Common wealth of Independent States.

The Healthcare Sector comprises the following three Divisions,
one Operational Unit and one separate sector-led Business
Unit. In addition to the nancial results for the Sector, nancial
results are also reported externally for the Diagnostics Division.
The Imaging &Therapy Systems Division provides a broad
range of medical devices for diagnostic imaging and for therapy
solutions. Imaging equipment includes computer tomographs,
magnetic resonance imaging equipment, and positron emission
tomography. Siemens is a market leader in this eld. Therapy
solutions mainly comprise angiography systems, particle thera -
py systems, and minimally invasive procedures. These systems

are closely linked with imaging equipment, in particular in the

area of therapy planning. The Division leverages synergies be -
tween imaging equipment and therapy solutions in order to
strengthen its leading position in these markets. Starting in

scal ’&!!,t he Division shifted the focus of certain particle ther -
apy projects primarily to research. In scal ’&!’, the Sector re -
structured its radiation oncology business and stopped the sales

of linear accelerators as of January !, ’&!’.

The Clinical Products
with ultrasound and X-ray equipment including mammogra -

Division mainly comprises the business

phy. In addition to providing innovative high-end solutions, the
Clinical Products Division focuses on the development of cost-

ef cient, less complex equipment that meets essential custom -
er requirements, particularly in emerging economies. The Clini -
cal Products Division also comprises the internal supplier Com -
ponents and Vacuum Technology which also provides compo -
nents to the Imaging &Ther apy Systems Division.
The Diagnostics Division offers products and services in the
area of in-vitro diagnostics. In-vitro diagnostics is based on the
analysis of bodily uids such as blood or urine and supplies vital
information for the detection and management of disease as

well as an individual patient s risk assessment. The Division s

product portfolio represents a comprehensive range of diagnos -

tic testing systems and consumables, including clinical chemis
try and immunodiagnostics, molecular diagnostics (i.e., testing
for nucleic acids), hematology, hemostasis, microbiology, point-
of-care testing and clinical laboratory automation solutions.
The Sector s Operational Unit | Customer Solutions manages
the sales and service organization as well as the Business Unit
covering hospital information systems. Audiology Solutions

provides hearing aids and is a sector-led Business Unit.

The customers of the Healthcare Sector include healthcare pro -
viders such as hospital groups and individual hospitals, group

and individual medical practices, reference and physician of ce
laboratories and outpatient clinics. The Sector sells the majori -
ty of its products and services through in-house sales staff,

which is grouped in its Customer Solutions Operational Unit,
supported by dedicated product specialists. In some countries,

it also uses dealers, particularly for the sale of low-end products

(such as low-end ultrasound and X-ray equipment). A small
portion of the Sector s revenue derives from the delivery of
products and components to competitors on an original equip -
ment manufacturer (OEM) basis. The Sector s products are ser -
viced primarily by its own dedicated personnel.

As a large part of Healthcare s revenue stems from recurring
business, the Sector s business activities are to a certain extent
resilient to short-term economic trends but are dependent on
regulatory and policy developments around the world. The
Healthcare Sector faces market risks in connection with ongo -
ing health care reform efforts. In the U.S., a health care reform

was enacted in the spring of ’&!&. In particular in connection

with this reform, it is currently expected that an excise tax will

be charged on certain medical devices from ’&!$ onwards.
Siemens believes that this tax will impact all businesses ex -
cept of Audiology.

The Healthcare Sector s principal competitors in medical imag -
ing are General Electric, Philips, Toshiba, Hitachi and Hologic.
Other competitors include Roche, Abbott and Danaher for in-
vitro diagnostics, McKesson and Cerner for healthcare infor -
mation technology systems and Sonova, GN Resound, William
Demant and Starkey for audiology (hearing aids). The trend to -
ward consolidation in the Sector s industry continues. Compe -
tition among the leading companies in the eld is strong, in -

cluding with respect to price.

In scal ’&!’, the Healthcare Sector launched Agenda ’&!$, a
global initiative to grow its innovative capacity and make itself
more competitive. Agenda ’&!$ is the Sectors proactive re -
sponse to the challenges emerging from a changing market en -
vironment. To meet these challenges, Agenda ’&!$ includes
measures targeting innovation, regional presence, competitive -

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and

93 C.0 Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
ness, and human resource development. These include focused
investments in product development and expanded sales activ -
ities in growth markets. Agenda ’&!$ also encompasses a re -
alignment of the radiation therapy business unit that includes
rightsizing measures. In addition, Agenda ’&!$ includes a pro -
gram to improve the cost position in the Diagnostics Division.

Industry

The Industry Sector offers a broad spectrum of products, servic -
es and solutions for the ef cient use of resources and energy

and improvements of productivity and exibility in industry. Its
integrated technologies and holistic solutions address primarily
industrial customers, such as process and manufacturing indus -
tries. The portfolio spans industry automation, indus trial soft -
ware and drives products and services, system integration and
solutions for industrial plant businesses. After the close of scal

*&!’, the Sector decided to dispose of its business of mechani -

cal, biological and chemical treatment and processing of water.

External revenue of the Sector was )!*.*%’ billion in scal

’&!’, representing °+% of Siemens revenue. The following

chart provides a geographic breakdown of the Industry Sec -
tor s external revenue in scal ’&!’.

| 2>E>S5D> ;F42> 65 G (C3#;A8=9 =D#67A=>: @)

c- Asia, Australia: 25%

Europe, C.I.S.’,, ————*
Africa, Middle East: 5 A . 7267
° Americas: 23%
therein Germany: 24% soe of,
therein U.S.: 15%

1 Common wealth of Independent States.

The Industry Sector consists of the three Divisions Industry
Automation, Drive Technologies and Customer Services as well
as the sector-led Metals Technologies Business Unit. Financial
results relating to the Customer Services Division are re ected
in the Industry Automation Division, the Drive Technologies
Division and the Metals Technologies Business Unit and are
therefore not reported separately.

The Industry Automation Division offers automation systems
such as programmable logic controllers and process control
systems, sensors such as process instrumentation and analyt -
ics, and industrial software such as product lifecycle manage -
ment and manufacturing execution systems software. The
Division s portfolio ranges from standard products and systems

for the manufacturing, processing and construction indus tries
to solutions for entire industrial vertical markets, including au -
tomation solutions for entire automobile production facilities

and chemical plants. Furthermore, the Division s offerings in

scal ’&!’ comprised equipment and related services for indus
trial process water, industrial and municipal wastewater treat
ment such as water puri cation systems, clari cation systems
and systems and solutions for water recycling and reuse. As not
ed above, Industry has decided to divest its business of mechan
ical, biological and chemical treatment and processing of water.
The Division will continue to offer ef cient solutions for the
control, management and instrumentation of water processes.
In scal ’&!’, Industry Automation completed the acquisitions
of RuggedCom Inc., a provider of robust, industrial-quality eth
ernet communication products and network solutions as well as
several other acquisitions to enhance its offerings for industrial
software. After the close of scal ’&!’, the Division announced
the acquisition of LMS International, a provider of mechatronic
simulation software that expands and complements the Divi
sion s product lifecycle management portfolio.

The Drive Technologies — Division offers integrated technolo
gies that cover a wide range of drive applications with electri
cal components such as standard motors and drives for con
veyor belts, pumps and compressors, heavy duty motors and
drives for rolling steel mills, compressors for oil and gas pipe
lines and mechanical components such as gears for wind tur
bines and cement mills. With its e-Car business, the Division
develops motors and inverters for electric cars for the automo
tive industry. Drive Technologies offers products such as auto
mation systems and services for production machinery and
machine tools. The Division s portfolio includes standard prod
ucts as well as industry-speci c control and drive solutions for
wind power, metal forming, printing and electronic manufac
turing as well as solutions for manufacturers of glass, wood,
plastic, ceramic, textile and packaging equipment and crane
systems. In addition, the Division offers integrated drive and
automation solutions especially for the marine and shipbuild
ing, minerals and pulp and paper industries, including related
services over the lifecycle of the solutions.

The Customer Services Division offers a comprehensive portfo
lio of services and supports industrial customers in their efforts

to increase their productivity. The portfolio includes product-
related services which seek to enhance reliability, pro tability,
ef ciency anden vironmental compatibility of industrial plants.
The Sector-led Metals Technologies Business Unit offers en
gineering and plant-building services for the iron and steel in
dustry, as well as for the rolling sector of the aluminum and
non-ferrous industries. The Business Unit provides technolo
gies, solutions, and services for metallurgical plants, integrat

ed steelworks and minimills. Its vertically integrated supply
capability includes mechanical equipment, drives, motors,
electrics, automation, mechatronics, technological packages
and all environmental systems.

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.,, Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
/J

The Industry Sector s principal customers are industrial cus -
tomers in a broad range of markets, including transportation

and logistics, metals and mining, machinery, utilities and au -
tomotive. The Sector is active globally, including in emerging
markets, especially those in the Asia, Australia region, which

Sector management believes have a long-term growth poten -
tial. Apart from the Siemens brand, the Sector markets some

parts of its portfolio under different brand names (such as
Flender for gears or Winergy for wind turbine components),
depending on geography and technology.

The Sector sells its products primarily through dedicated per -
sonnel in Siemens worldwide network of regional sales units.

In addition, it uses original equipment manufacturers, solu -
tion providers, installers, general contractors, third-party dis -
tributors and independent agents.

The large size of some of the Sector s projects occasionally ex -
poses it to risks related to technical performance or speci c
customers or countries. In the past, the Sector has experi -
enced signi cant losses on individual projects in connection

with such risks. For additional information on these risks, see

> !* 2>=128 15 >K=>! 8>9 9>E>A =C>58; 459 4;; 1! 648>9 C48>264A,
1 ==1 28D5686>; 459 26;B;.

The Sector has manufacturing locations worldwide, especially
throughout North and South America, Western and Eastern
Europe, and Asia, allowing it to stay close to its major customers
and keep shipping charges low. In recent years, material costs
have been negatively affected by signi cant price increases for
metals, energy and other raw materials. The Sector continues to
work on reducing the use of hazardous materials (e.g., lead)
and to replace them in its products and processes. Sustainable
products and processes, such as coking coal free iron produc -
tion processes (COREX), energy ef cient motors and energy
management play a major role in its innovation strategy.

Average product lifetimes in the Sector s product businesses

tend to be short (typically ranging from one to ve years from in -
troduction) and are even shorter where software and electronics

play an important role. The lifecycles in the solutions businesses

tend to be longer, as the Sector supports its customers with sig
ni cant services through the whole life of their infrastructures.
The timing and extent to which a Division of the Industry Sector
is affected by economic cycles depends largely on the kind of
business activities it conducts. Business activities that tend to re -
act very quickly to changes in the overall economic environment
include many of the business activities of Industry Automation

and those business activities of Drive Technologies that serve
customers in the manufacturing industries. Business activities

that are generally affected later by the changes in the overall
economic environment include those business activities of Drive

Technologies that serve customers in process industries as well
as in the energy and infrastructure sector.

The competitors of our Industry Sector can be grouped into
multinational companies that offer a relatively broad portfolio

and companies that are active only in certain of the geographic

or product markets served by the Industry Sector. The Sector s
principal competitors with broad portfolios are multinational
companies such as ABB, Emerson Electric and Schneider Elec -
tric. In the industries in which the Sector is active consolida -
tion is occurring on several levels. In particular, suppliers of
automation solutions have supplemented their activities with
actuator or sensor technology, while suppliers of components

and products have supplemented their portfolio with comple -
mentary products for their sales channels.

Asian competitors are generally focused on large-scale produc -
tion and cost cutting. European competitors are focused on
high quality lifecycle service. Nevertheless, most major com -
petitors have established global bases for their businesses. In
addition, competition in the eld has become increasingly fo -
cused on technological improvements and price. Intense com -

petition, budget constraints and rapid technical progress with

in the industry place signi cant downward pressure on prices.

In addition, competitors continuously shift their production to
low-cost countries.

The main competitors of the Industry Automation Division are

ABB, Schneider Electric, Rockwell and Emerson Electric. Within

its product lifecycle management business, the Division also
competes with, among others, Dassault Systemes and PTC.
Competitors of the Drive Technologies Division include compa -
nies with broad business portfolios such as ABB, Emerson Elec -
tric and Mitsubishi Electric but also specialist companies such

as Fanuc and SEW. The main competitors of our Metals Tech -
nologies Business Unit are Danieli and SMS.

& Cities

&Cities Sector offers a wide range of sus

Infrastructure
The Infrastructure

tainable technologies for metropolitan centers and urban infra -
structures worldwide, such as integrated mobility solutions,
building and security systems, power distribution equipment,
smart grid applications and low- and medium-voltage products.

| 2>E>5D> 5F42> 65 G (C=#,A8=9 =D#67A=>:@)

Asia, Australia: 14%

Europe, C.LS.’,
Africa, Middle East: 60%

Americas: 26%

therein U.S.: 19%
therein Germany: 17%

1 Common wealth of Independent States.

95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
96 C.2  Subseq uent events
97 C3 Sustainability

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C., Business and economic environment
64 C.- Financial performance measures
69 C.. Results of oper ations
82 C./ Financial position

93 C.0 Net assets position

111 C4 Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks
External revenue of the Sector was )!".%$! billion in  scal

’&!, representing *!% of Siemens revenue. The following

chart provides a geographic breakdown of the Infrastruc -
ture &Cities Sect or s external revenue in scal ’&!’.

The Sector consists of ve Divisions: Rail Systems; Mobility and
Logistics; Low and Medium Voltage; Smart Grid; and Building
Technologies. Financial results of the Rail Systems and the Mo -
bility and Logistics Divisions are reported together in the Trans -
portation &Logistics Business. Financial results of the Divisions

Low and Medium Voltage and Smart Grid are reported together

in the Power Grid Solutions | &Products Business.
The Rail Systems
business. The Division s activities consist mainly of the busi

Division comprises Siemens rail vehicle

nesses relating to rail vehicles for mass transit, regional and
long-distance transportation, driverless systems, locomotives

for passengers or rail freight, traction systems, bogies and on -
board power supplies.

The Mobility and Logistics
ucts, solutions (including IT solutions) and services in operating

Division primarily provides prod

systems for rail transportation such as central control systems,
interlockings and automated train controls, for road traf c in -
cluding traf c detection, information and guidance, for airport
logistics including cargo tracking and baggage handling and

for postal automation including letter and parcel sorting.

The Low and Medium Voltage
grid operators and large industrial electricity consumers with

Division supplies electrical

medium- and low-voltage equipment. Furthermore, the Divi -
sion provides systems and services for the distribution of elec -
trical power from high-voltage transmission grid access to me -
dium or low-voltage grids directing the electrical energy to

end consumers and their access points.

The Smart Grid Division provides energy automation solutions,
smart grid applications, transmission and distribution services,
applications for electromobility solutions and rail infrastructure

electri cation solutions for mainline and mass transit applica -
tions. In scal ’&!’, the Division acquired the U.S.-based com -
pany eMeter in order to position the Division to expand its ener -
gy information and meter data management solutions.

The Building Technologies Division offers products, services
and solutions for commercial, industrial, public and residential
buildings, including building automation, comfort, building

safety and security and building operations. In addition, the
Division offers energy solutions aiming to improve a building s
energy cost, reliability and performance, while minimizing its

impact on comfort and the environment. The Division s offer -
ings include heating and ventilation controls, security systems

and devices such as intruder detection, video surveillance and
building access control, re safety solutions such as re detec
tion, protection alarm systems and non-water based re extin
guishing.

The Infrastructure &Cities Sect or also holds the Atos S.A. (AtoS)
shares and the convertible bond, which Siemens received fol
lowing the sale of Siemens IT Solutions and Services to AtoS.

The Infrastructure &Cities Sect or distributes its products and
services through its own dedicated sales force, supported by
Siemens worldwide network of regional companies. In addi
tion, the Divisions of the Sector use, to varying degrees, third-
party distributors, panel builders, original equipment manufac
turers, value added partners, installers and general contractors.

Overall, the Sector s principal customers are railway operators,
public utilities, industrial and infrastructure customers, elec
trical grid operators, construction and real estate customers
and manufacturers of heating, ventilation and air-conditioning
solutions. The timing and extent to which a Division of the
Infrastructure &Cities Sect or is affected by economic cycles de
pends largely on the kind of business activities it conducts.
Business activities that tend to react very quickly to changes in
the overall economic environment include Low and Medium
Voltage. Divisions where business activities are generally af
fected later by the changes in the overall economic environ
ment include Smart Grid and Building Technologies. The de
velopment of markets served by our Rail Systems Division and
Mobility and Logistics Division is primarily driven by public
spending. Customers of these Divisions usually have multi-
year planning and implementation horizons. They therefore
tend to be independent of short-term economic trends.

The Sector is globally active in a broad range of markets, in
cluding construction and real estate, transportation and logis
tics and utilities. The Sector s activities include emerging mar
kets, e.g., those in the Asia, Australia region. While the Sector
believes that these markets offer signi cant growth potential,
the Sector s activities in that region expose it to risks associat
ed with economic, nancial and political disruptions that

could result in lower demand or affect customers abilities to

pay. Some markets, such as those served by our Divisions Rail
Systems, Mobility and Logistics and Smart Grid, are signi

cantly in uenced by public spending. The large size of some of

the Sector s projects (especially in the following Divisions: Rail
Systems, Mobility and Logistics and in parts of Building Tech
nologies) occasionally exposes it to risks related to technical
performance or specic customers or countries. In the past,

the Sector has experienced signi cant losses on individual
projects in connection with such risks. For additional informa

> !* 2>=128 15 >K=>! 8>9 9>E>A =C>58;
1! 648>9 1 ==1 28D5686>; 459 26;B;.

tion on these risks, see
459 4;;

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.,, Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
The Sector s principal competitors are multinational companies
such as ABB, Alstom, Ansaldo, Bombardier, General Electric,
Honeywell, Johnson Controls, Schneider Electric and Tyco. The
Sector s competitors vary by Division. The main competitors of
the Rail Systems Division and the Mobility and Logistics Divi
sion are Alstom, Ansaldo, Bombardier and General Electric. The
primary competitors of the Low and Medium Voltage Division
are ABB, General Electric, Honeywell and Schneider Electric.
The principal competitors of the Smart Grid Division are ABB,
Alstom, General Electric, and Schneider Electric. The main com
petitors of the Building Technologies Division are Honeywell,
Johnson Controls, Schneider Electric and Tyco. Infrastruc
ture &Cities also f aces competition from niche competitors and
from new entrants, such as utility companies and consulting
rms, exploiting the fragmented energy ef ciency market. The
Sector s solution businesses also compete with engineering,
procurement and construction (ECP) providers while competi
tors in the service eld often include small local players.

Equity Investments

In general, the segment Equity Investments comprises equity
stakes held by Siemens that are accounted for by the equity
method, at cost or as current available-for-sale nancial assets

and are not allocated to a Sector, SFS, Centrally managed port

folio activities, Siemens Real Estate (SRE), Corporate items or
Corporate Treasury for strategic reasons. Our main investments
within Equity Investments are our stake of approximately
#&.&% in Nokia Siemens Networks B.V. (NSN), our #&.&% stake
in BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausger te GmbH (BSH) as well as

our +(.&% stake in Enterprise Networks Holdings B.V. (EN).

Financial Services
Financial Services (SFS) provides a variety of nancial servic
es and products both to third parties and to other Siemens en
tities and their customers. SFS has three strategic pillars: sup
porting Siemens Sectors with nancing solutions for their cus-
tomers, manage nancial risks of Siemens and offering third-
party nancing services and products. To better achieve this
goal, Financial Services intends to grow its business in a pro t

able, controlled manner.

SFS business can be divided into capital business and fee busi
ness. The capital businesses support activities for Siemens
sales as well as third party vendors and customers and consist
of leasing, loans, asset-based lending and equity investments
(both in infrastructure projects and corporate venture capital).
The fee businesses comprise support and advisory activities
concerning nancial risk and investment management, proj
ect &export nancing, and arranging of project nancing for
Siemens projects, treasury & nancingser vices, pension asset
investment management, insurance brokerage as well as re-in

surance of Siemens risks.

/

SFS conducts its business through seven Business Units: Com
mercial Finance; Project and Structured Finance Energy; Proj -
ect-, Structured and Leveraged Finance Healthcare; Project- and
&Indus try; Trea
&Investment Management and Insur

Structured Finance Infrastructure and Cities

sury; Financing Services
ance. In addition, one Business Segment (Venture Capital) is di -
rectly assigned to SFS CEO. The SFS functions Trade Finance
Advisory and Corporate Pensions provide advisory and assis -
tance services to the entire Siemens Company. In addition, SFS

host a number of functions to support its own business.

In its transactions with Siemens and third parties, SFS acts
consistently with banking industry standards in the interna -
tional nancial markets that are both applicable and mandato -
ry for these transactions. In December ’&!&, the Siemens Bank
GmbH was granted a license by the German Federal Financial
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt fr Finanzdienstleis -
tungsaufsicht — BaFin) to engage in banking business. In par -
ticular, the license covers engaging in loan, guarantee busi -
ness and deposit taking. Siemens Bank GmbH was established

to support the operational businesses of Siemens Sectors by
providing nancing solutions and the license enables the bank

to gain access to the deposit and re nancing facilities of the
European Central Bank.

SFS competition mainly includes commercial nance opera -
tions of banks, independent commercial nance companies,

captive nance companies and asset management companies.
International competitors include BNP Paribas Equipment
Finance, De Lage Landen, General Electric Commercial Finance,
Macquarie and Soci t Gnrale Equipment Finance. Particu -
larly in the commercial nance business, SFS competitors are

often local nancial institutions and competition therefore

varies from country to country.

#.$.& Economic en vironment

1." @12A9@69> $151CA@ >5E6215C>58

Growth in the global economy continues to slow down in ’&!’,
with real global gross domestic product (GDP) expected to rise
by only ’.#% compared to $.&% in ’&!!. Above all, the unstable
economic situation in Europe burdens economic activity
worldwide. Concerns about the stability of the banking sector,
the sovereign debt crisis and the fragile economy continue to
hamper private-sector investment and consumer spending.
Moreover, austerity policies to cut government de cits and
bring down debt levels in Europe have led to a signi cant re -
duction of government spending. In addition, the U.S. economy
remains sluggish and growth in emerging markets has cooled
down due to spillover effects from advanced economies and
various country-speci c factors.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and

93 C.0 Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
| @12A9 2>4A39= 32 1 @8F (89 E#=>F;@:< A= F@8=@ G:'@)

-BB3 -BB4 -B,B -B,, -B,-

and Syria, where the economy is contracting rapidly. In con

due to high oil prices. Growth in

highly dependent on raw material prices. The

1 According to IHS Global Insight as of October 0, -B,-;
growth rates provided by calendar year.

2 Estimate for calendar year -B,-.

From a regional perspective, the slowdown is sharpest in

Eur ope , with economic growth coming to a standstill in ’&!’.
Restrictive scal policies, rising unemployment, large capital

out ows to northern countries and the sovereign debt crisis

have all deepened the contraction in the southern periphery
economies. This in turn increasingly hampers growth in the

core northern countries such as Germany. On top of that, the
uncertain economic situation in Europe keeps consumer
spending and private-sector investments on a low level. Gross

xed investment, one way in which gross domestic product is

used, is expected to decline by ’.!% in ’&!’ compared to ’&!!.

To foster the stability of the Eurozone, European governments

have taken important measures. The establishment of the per -
manent European Stability Mechanism (ESM) as a substitute

for the temporary European Financial Stability Facility is aimed

at ensuring the nancial solvency of the Eurozone countries.
Moreover, in order to bring down government bond yields and

to ensure the functioning of monetary operations in every
country of the monetary union, the European Central Bank
(ECB) has declared its willingness to buy sovereign bonds on

the secondary market without limit if a country meets the cri -
teria of the ESM. This announcement calmed nancial markets

and reduced yields of Italian and Spanish bonds, making re -
nancing cheaper for these countries. Economic development

in the Middle East
sions involving Iran and ongoing violence and unrest in Yemen

is still affected by severe geopolitical ten -

trast, growth in other oil-exporting countries remains robust,

Africa is surprisingly strong

in ’&!’. But the continent still suffers from an unstable politi -
cal environment, and economic growth in many countries is

C.LS. countries

have to deal with relatively low growth of $."% in ’&!’. The
whole region is negatively affected by the European sovereign
debt crisis due to nancial and trade linkages.

In the Americas , GDP growth is expected to slow slightly in
*&!’, to ’.$%. On one hand, the growth rate in Latin America is
expected to decrease to ’.(%, due in part to lower export de
mand from a weak global economy. Furthermore, the global
slowdown also causes some commodity prices to fall, which
strongly affects Latin America as a major seller of commodi
ties. Hence, investment spending has slowed down consider
ably. Representative for the economic development in Latin
America is Brazil, which is expected to grow by only !."% in
*&!’. On the other hand, the U.S. is expected to grow slightly
faster year-over-year, with ’.!% growth compared to !.*% in
°&!!. U.S. investment growth is expected to be particularly
strong: #."% in ’&!’ compared to $.+% in ’&!!. Additionally,
the American housing market seems to be stabilizing towards
the end of the year. Nevertheless, the U.S. faces a high level of
debt and low employment growth. Moreover, the country
political gridlock creates economic uncertainty particularly re
garding tax increases and spending cuts that will take place
automatically at the beginning of ’&!$ if no agreement can be
reached (the so-called scal cliff).

2>4A39= 32 1 @8F =>2 2>3615
_ (#H;91 : 89 E #=>F;,@:< A= F@8=@ G:}@)

World Europe, C.LS. 4 Americas Asia,
A + Australia
Middle East
/ 47 4.6
I
3.0
ul 25 24 23 — 24
? 0.9
mm 23. -B,,
1 According to IHS Global Insight as of October ,0, -B,-;
growth rates provided by calendar year.
Estimate for calendar year -B,-.

won

Common wealth of Independent States.

In Asia, Australia growth is accelerating slightly in ’&!’, al
though China s and India s extraordinarily high growth levels
are expected to cool down to %.+% and #.!%, respectively.
China, a leading e xporter, is signicantly affected by the
decrease in global demand, so gross xed investments are
trending in line with slower GDP growth. The Chinese govern
ment has implemented expansionary scal and monetary
measures in order to support the economy. The Indian econo
my is negatively affected by strong credit linkages with a
struggling Europe and weaker capital in ows. Moreover, India
was also hit by a series of major electricity failures throughout
the whole country. Japan s economy started to recover from
the consequences of the earthquake and tsunami in March
’&!!. Its expected growth rate of ’.$% is caused mainly by in

creased government spending, with a boost from stronger

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.,, Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
JO

household spending. Furthermore, Indonesia, Thailand and
Vietnam continue to grow rapidly and support the economy s
growth of the Asia, Australia region of +.%% in ’&!’.

A key factor for Siemens as a manufacturer is real manufac -
turing value added, a component used in calculating gross
domestic product by means of the production approach. De -
spite accelerating growth in both the Asia, Australia and
Americas regions, growth in manufacturing value added on a

global basis is expected to decline in ’&!’ to +.!% from +.#%

in ’&!!. This is due to signicantly slower growth in the
Europe, C.LS., Africa, Middle East region, including a slight
decline in Europe.

The partly estimated gures presented here for gross domestic
product, gross xed investments and manufacturing value add -
ed are drawn from an IHS Global Insight report dated October

!#, ’&!. Siemens has not independently veri ed this data.

In addition to the common currency of the European Mone -
tary Union (the euro, )) another key currency for Siemens is

the US$. Following an appreciation of the ) against the US$ at

the beginning of scal ’&!’, concerns over the sovereign debt

crisis in a number of southern European member states of the
European Monetary Union led to decline of ) against the US$.

For the remainder of scal ’&!’, the value of the ) relative to

the US$ remained below its level at the end of scal ’&!!. Dur -
ing July ’&!’, the value of the ) against the US$ reached its

lowest levels of the scal year. Only at the end of scal ’&!’

did the value of the ) begin to recover somewhat. Among the
contributing factors were the German constitutional court s
rejection of applications to block the ESM and the ECB s an -
nouncement of the modalities of a new government bond
purchase program. Nevertheless at September $&, ’&!’, the

value of the ) against the US$ was around +% below the level

a year earlier.

Our businesses are dependent on the development of raw mate -
rial prices. Key materials to which we have signi cant cost ex -
posure include copper, various grades and formats of steel and
aluminum. In addition, within stainless steel we have consider -
able exposure related to nickel and chrome alloy materials.

The average monthly price of copper (denominated in ) per

metric ton) for September ’&!’ was +% higher than the aver -
age monthly price in September ’ &!!; this reversed a previous -
ly negative trend year-over-year and was due to the release of
nancial and fundamental stimulus programs. Prices on a s -
cal-year average were *% lower in scal ’&!’ than the average

for scal ’&!!. Prices for copper are still supported by tight sup -
ply and demand fundamentals and by speculative in uences

in the commodity markets. Nevertheless, because copper is
produced in multiple locations and traded, such as across the

London Metal Exchange, the risk to Siemens is primarily a

price risk rather than a supply risk.

Average monthly prices of aluminum traded at the London

Metal Exchange faced more pressure year-over-year, losing +%

in September ’ &!’ compared to September ’&!!. While, among

other factors, high energy costs put upward pressure on alumi -
num, these were more than offset by oversupply. As with cop -
per, we see developments in the aluminum market as posing a

price risk, rather than a supply risk.

The average monthly steel prices for September ’&!’ came

down by $% compared to the average monthly prices in Sep -
tember ’&!!. Especially at the end of scal ’&!’, steel markets

and prices for upstream raw materials (e.g. iron ore) softened

signi cantly (source: CRU, an independent business analysis

and consultancy group focused on, among other things, the

mining and metals sectors).

| >K! F453 > 248> 9>E>A=C>58 1 < 8F>D;M =>2 N®<:J: 5:1899891 =D D87#;C &'""% = $"")

FY -BB3 FY -BB4 FY -B,B FY -B,, FY -B,-
710
HO
7,0
70
200
0
-0
LO
Source: Bloomberg
1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and

93 C.0 Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
| 9>E>A=C>58 1 < 24@ C48>264A =26>; (M<:J: 5:1899891 =D D87#;C &""% = $"")

FY -BB3 FY -BB4

FY -B,B FY -B,, FY -B,-

,00

2L/

20

L/

2
200 | __ LS So
<—TJ

/0

—= Copper Aluminum (HG) == Steel HRC

Source: London Metal Exchange (LME) for copper and aluminum, CRU HRC Germany for steel; cash prices in K per ton.

In addition to the above-mentioned raw materials, we have ex
posure related to rare earth metals and magnets. The market
situation for buyers improved considerably throughout scal
*&!’, with respect to both price and availability. Nevertheless,
we track these factors closely as they could still pose signi
cant price or supply risks for technology manufacturers, in
cluding Siemens.

Our main exposure to the prices of copper and related prod
ucts, and to steel and stainless steel, is in the Sectors Energy,
Industry and Infrastructure  &Cities. Our main pr ice exposure
related to aluminum is in the Energy Sector. In addition,
Siemens is generally exposed to energy and fuel prices, both
directly (electricity, gas, oil) and indirectly (energy used in the
manufacturing processes of suppliers). Some of our continu

ing operations face price and supply risks related to rare earth
metals, particularly the Industry Sector s Drive Technologies
Division and the Energy Sector s Wind Power Division.

Siemens employs various strategies to reduce the price risk in
its project and product businesses, such as long-term contract
ing with suppliers, physical and nancial hedging and price
escalation clauses with customers.

'" #4 C42B>8 9>E>A=C>58

According to an analysis published by IHS Global Insight on Ju
ly ’&, ’&!’, investments in ’&!’ are expected to continue to
grow in nominal terms compared to ’&!!. But the pace of
growth for ’&!’ is expected to slow down considerably com
pared to the prior year in almost all of the market segments
that are signi cant for our Sectors. This is due largely to the
sovereign debt crisis in the euro zone, especially in countries
affected by bank solvency risks, credit availability and austerity
measures, and also to repercussions of the sovereign debt cri
sis in other regions, particularly including emerging markets.

In markets signi cant for the Energy Sector, investments in
power utilities are expected to grow by around #% in ’&!’,
slightly down from around "% in ’&!!. Within these numbers,
investments in many emerging markets are expected to con -
tinue to grow clearly or signicantly in ’&!’ compared to

>&!! — yet the expected growth rates in the majority of these
countries are still slower than a year earlier. Demand in Europe

is particularly weak. Following a recovery in ’&!!, power utility
investments are expected to show a decline in nearly all Euro -
pean countries in ’&!’, especially in countries affected by the
sovereign debt crisis. In contrast, investments in the U.S. are
expected to grow moderately in ’&!’, following a decline a

year earlier. Investments in the oil and gas markets are expect -
ed to grow around "% year-over-year, down markedly from
around !%% in ’&!!. Some of the most important countries in

this market, including the U.S., Russia and Saudi Arabia, which
increased their investments in ’&!! substantially year-over-

year, are expected to either clearly reduce investment growth

in ’&!’ or to keep investments on the prior-year level. In the
chemical industry, which is particularly sensitive to changes in

current economic conditions, growth in investments is also
expected to slow considerably year-over-year, down to around

#% in ’ &!’ compared to around !%% a year earlier. This includes
lower growth in China, the worlds largest national market,

and shrinking investments year over-year in other major coun -
tries, among them Japan and Germany. In contrast, the growth

rate in the U.S. is expected to remain nearly steady.

Investments within the international healthcare markets,
served by our Healthcare Sector, are expected to increase by
around ’% in ’&!’, following a rise of around !&% in the year
before. This decline in growth includes reduced investments

not only in many European countries, but also in some emerg -
ing markets such as Brazil. Furthermore, growth in other large

emerging markets, is expected to slow down year-over-year,

135. D. Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. — Additional Information

J?
129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.,, Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134. C.- Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report
such as in China and Russia, or come to a halt, as in India. In

the U.S. market, which is particularly signi cant for our Health -
care Sector, growth in investments is expected to increase
slightly in ’&!’ compared to the prior year.

The Industry Sector is in uenced by the development in some

of the markets mentioned for the Energy Sector, including by

the oil and gas markets and the chemical industry. In other
markets signi cant for the Industry Sector, investments in the
automotive industry are expected to grow by around #% in

>&!, down from growth in investments of around !#% a year
earlier. This change includes all major countries, which are
showing either signi cantly slower growth or declining invest -
ments year-over-year. These factors are particularly evident in
Europe. Investment growth is declining also in a number of
emerging markets, where investments were recently driven by

strong demand for vehicles. Notable examples include China,

which is experiencing signi cantly lower growth, and India,

where investments are declining year-over-year following

strong expansion a year earlier. Against this trend, growth in
investments year-over-year is expected to accelerate in Japan.

Even in the food and beverage industry, which is usually less
susceptible to uctuations in the economy, growth in invest -
ments is expected to decline signi cantly in ’&!’ to around

#%, down from around !#% a year earlier. This is due to signi -
cant declines in investments in many European countries, es -
pecially those affected by high unemployment and low con -
sumer con dence. Investments are also expected to decline in

a number of emerging markets as their populations are affect -
ed by rising food prices. Investments in the minerals sector are
expected to grow by around #% in ’&!’, sharply lower than
growth of around !(% a year earlier. Within this sector, growth

in investments in the largest industry, mining, is expected to
contract most signi cantly: from around °!% in ’&!! to around

#% in ’&!’. Among major countries in industrial mining, this
decline in growth includes sharply lower growth in China and
Canada and a reduction in investments in India year-over-year,

while growth in investments in Australia is expected to come

down only slightly. Investments in the machine building in -
dustry are expected to grow by around %% year-over-year in
*>&!, compared to around !*% a year earlier. Growth in invest -
ments in the last few years was driven by exceptionally rapid
expansion in China, which is by far the world s most important
investor in machine building. In contrast, growth in China is
expected to slow markedly in ’&!’ as demand weakens in the
country s manufacturing sector. For the pharmaceutical indus -
try, investment growth is estimated to decline to around "% in

*&!’, after around !#% in ’&!!. Within these numbers, the larg -
est investors, China and Japan, are expected to continue to in -
crease their investments in ’&!’ but at a slower pace than in

*&!!. Against this trend, the U.S. shows increasing growth in
investments year-over-year. Investments in the pulp and paper

sector are expected to grow by around +% in ’&!’, following in -
vestment growth of around !$% a year earlier. The develop -
ment within the largest markets is expected to be mixed. While
investment growth in China is slowing signicantly and
growth in Japan is nearly coming to a halt, investments in the

U.S. are growing moderately following a decline in the prior

year. In the metals industry, investments in ’&!’ are expected

to grow by around #% compared to around !"% a year earlier.
Growth in China is expected to slow to single digits, and India

is forecast to reduce its investments following a substantial in -
crease a year earlier. Investment growth in Japan and South

Korea is expected to decline less signi cantly year-over-year.
Investments in water and wastewater utilities are expected to

grow by around +% in ’&!’ compared to around *% in ’&!!.
While investment growth in China is expected to be higher in

*>&! compared to the prior year, and the U.S. is expected to in -
crease investments in ’&!’ following a decline a year earlier,

many other major countries, especially in Europe, are forecast

to reduce their investments in ’&!’.

The Infrastructure &Cities Sector is inuenced by develop

ments in a number of markets mentioned above for the Sec

tors Energy, Healthcare and Industry, including power utilities,
oil and gas, healthcare and pharmaceuticals. In other markets
important to the Sector, investments in both, the transporta

tion infrastructure and transportation services markets, are ex -
pected to grow by around #% in ’&!’. The pace of growth in

the prior year was around !#% in transportation infrastructure,

faster than growth of around *% in transportation services. For
transportation infrastructure, investments are expected to

slow in the large Chinese market and shrink in some of the

larger European countries, including France and Germany. The

U.S. and Russia are expected to keep investment growth near

the prior-year level. Overall growth in transportation service is

held back by declining investments in Europe, even as China is
expected to clearly increase investments in ’&!’ following a
decline in investments a year earlier. Growth in investments in

the public, research and education sector is expected to de -
cline to around $% in ’&!’, down from around (% in ’&!!.
While the large majority of European countries and also a
number of emerging countries including Brazil and India are
expected to reduce investments in ’&!’ compared to ’&!!, the

USS. is forecast to expand its public investments year-over-year.

For construction and real estate, investments are expected to

grow around $% in ’&!’ compared to the prior year. A year ear -
lier, growth in investments was around !’%. While these mar -
kets are depressed in Europe, growth in the U.S. is accelerat -
ing, as these industries are bene ting from low mortgage rates
and improved consumer con dence. In the post and logistics
sector, investment growth in ’&!’ is forecast to slow to around
’% year-over-year, compared to around !$% a year earlier.
While growth in scal ’&!’ is particularly burdened by shrink

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and
93 C.0 Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
ing investment in large parts of Europe, the change year-over-

year is particularly strong in Brazil, where sharp growth a year
earlier is expected to be followed by a clear decline in invest -
ments. In the wholesale and retail sector, investment growth

is expected to decline to around $% year-over-year, down from
around !$% a year earlier, following the same pattern as invest -
ments in post and logistics.

#.$.( Strategy
1,".$." 3 AL: 4A C>3482>59;

Global megatrends are long-term developments that are expect -
ed to have an impact on all humanity. We at Siemens view
demog raphic change, urbanization, climate change and global -
ization as megatrends that will drive global demand in coming
decades. We have aligned our strategy with these developments

and accordingly have organized our business into four Sectors:
Energy, Healthcare, Industry, and Infrastructure &Cities.
Demographic change includes two major trends: the world s
population continues to grow rapidly, and it continues to get

older. Together, these two trends will challenge the ability of

future healthcare systems to make affordable healthcare avail -
able to everyone. Urbanization — refers to the growing number

of large, densely-populated cities around the world. This trend

intensi es the already strong demand for sustainable and ener -
gy-ef cient infrastructures for buildings, transportation sys -
is a fact. The average

tems, energy and water. Climate change

global surface temperature increased by &.%"|C between !*#&

and the beginning of the *! * century. The reduction of green
house gas emissions is vital to avoiding increasingly drastic
effects on our ecosystem. There is a strong need for innovative
technologies to increase ef ciency and reduce the emissions
related to energy generation and consumption. Globalization
refers to the increasing integration of the world s economies,
politics, culture and other areas of life. Globalization leads to
increased competitive pressure and demand for economical,

timely-to-market, high-quality products and solutions.

1.".$.4 ;8248>301< 8F>;@C>5; 321 D&

Our vision is to be a pioneer in

> ener gy ef ciency,

> indus trial productivity,

> affordable and personalized healthcare, and
> intelligent infrastructure solutions.

Our com pany strategy guides us in turning our vision into real -
ity. We are aiming to be a market and technology leader in our
, excel-

businesses, based on our values — to be responsible

lent and innovative . We believe that this will position us to

achieve sustainable, pro table growth and thereby continually

increase our company value. As an integrated technology com -
pany, we intend to prot from the megatrends described

above.

Our strategy comprises what we call our three strategic direc -
tions :

> focusing on innovation-driven growth markets,
> getting closer to our customers, and

> using t he power of Siemens.

One Siemens _ is our framework for sustainable value creation,
with a nancial target system for capital-ef cient growth and
the goal of continuous improvement relative to the market and
our competitors.

The nancial target system of One Siemens de nes nancial

key performance indicators for revenue growth, for capital ef -
ciency and pro tability, and for the optimization of our capi -
tal structure. In addition, we set hurdle rates that generally

need to be considered before acquisitions are executed. Fur -
ther, we de ned an indicator targeted at an attractive dividend

policy. We believe that these indicators will play a key role in
driving the value of our Company. For further information, see

> 1.4 <6545!64A =>2k2C45 !> C>4;D2>;.

To achieve our One Siemens goal of sustainably enhancing the

value of Siemens and of exploiting the full potential of our in -
tegrated technology company, we have de ned three concrete

focus areas along each of the three strategic directions set

forth above, which we aim to address in the years ahead.

In the strategic direction of | focusing on innovation-driven
growth markets __, our rst focus area is to be a pioneer in tech-
nology-driven markets. Here, we intend to concentrate on mar -
kets that are believed to have future growth potential, for ex -
ample, in vertical IT and software. Our second focus area is to
strengthen our portfolio. We are actively and systematically
managing our portfolio with the principal aim of achieving or
maintaining a No. ! or No.’ position in our cur rent and future
markets. To provide a leading environmental portfolio is our

third focus area: Our Environmental Portfolio enhances our
Company s revenue and makes a signi cant contribution to cli -
mate protection.

In the second strategic direction of getting closer to our cus -
tomers , one of our focus areas is to grow in emerging markets

while maintaining our position in our established markets. We

plan to offer more products, solutions and services for the rap -
idly growing entry-level segments, which are more price-sen -

sitive and mostly found in emerging markets. A second focus

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.,, Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
JI

area is to expand our service business. We believe that the
large installed base of our products and solutions at our clients
provides promising growth opportunities for our service busi
ness. Services play a key role in pro tability at Siemens and, in
addition, long-term service agreements are less likely to be im
pacted by economic uctuations. To intensify our customer fo
cus is our third focus area. We believe that customer proximity
and local presence are important factors in being able to re
spond quickly to changing market requirements.

In the strategic direction of | using the power of Siemens

rst focus area is to encourage lifelong learning and develop
ment of our employees. We invest continuously in expanding
the expertise of our people through demanding training and
education programs. We aim to develop our employees world
wide by identifying talent and offering challenging tasks. To
empower our diverse and engaged people worldwide is our
second focus area. We believe that the strong potential of our
employees skills, experience and quali cations can give us a
clear competitive advantage in our global markets. The third
focus area is to stand for integrity. On the basis of our values,
we have formulated clear and binding principles of conduct
that cover all aspects of our entrepreneurial activities.

Beginning with scal ’&!$, we are implementing Siemens
’&!+, a company-wide program supporting the One Siemens
framework for sustainable value creation. The goal of the pro
gram is to reduce cost, increase competitiveness, and become
faster and less bureaucratic. We intend to improve pro tability
through ve key enablers: cost reduction, strengthening core
activities, go-to-market, optimizing our infrastructure, and
simplifying governance. The program is aimed at raising Total
Sectors pro t margin to at least !’% by scal ’&!+. To achieve
this goal, we are targeting substantial productivity gains over
the next two scal years from the activities just mentioned. In
the area of cost reduction, which is expected to yield the ma
jority of these gains, we want to, for example, enhance prod

uct design by better integrating engineering, development,
manufacturing and purchasing pro ces ses ; improve global ca
pacity utilization and presence; and increase process ef ciency

and quality. To achieve these results, our Sectors are undertak

ing a broad range of measures that are expected to result in

charges to earnings in the next two scal years.

, our

we

#.8& 1B;9 #§C
F:@D=@>:;9: >:;76@:7

This section on nancial performance measures describes
several measures that are or may be non-GAAP nancial mea -
sures. Other companies that report or describe similarly titled

nancial measures may calculate them differently.

One
— our framework for sustainable value creation ;
> !.".$ ;8248>30. As part of One

Siemens, we have developed a nancial target system for capi -

As of the beginning of scal ’&!!, we introduced
Siemens
for further information see

tal-ef cient growth that we believe will increase the value of

our Company. Our goal is to achieve continuous improvement
relative to the market and our competitors. The nancial target

system de nes indicators for revenue growth, capital ef cien -
cy and pro tability, the optimization of our capital structure,

and our dividend policy. In addition, we set hurdle rates that
generally must be considered before we make acquisitions.

#.& $Revenue growth

We believe that an important driver for increasing our Compa -

ny s value over the long term is pro table revenue growth . Spe-

ci cally, our goal is to grow our revenue faster than the average
revenue growth of our most relevant competitors. For purposes
of comparison to the revenue growth of our competitors, our
revenue growth is calculated as the growth rate of reported rev -

enue as presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

| 2>E>5D> 321 @8F

[ Revenue current period

| L100%

Revenue prior-year period

Actual
FY -B,- $e
FY -B,, 6%

#.&.&Capital efficiency and profitability

Our aim is to work pro tably and as ef ciently as possible with

the capital of our shareholders and lenders. We monitor our cap -
ital ef ciency using adjusted return on capital employed, or

ROCE (adjusted) , which is reported on a continuing operations

basis. This measure assesses our generated income from the

point of view of our shareholders and lenders. ROCE (adjusted)

is de ned as income from continuing operations before interest

after tax divided by average capital employed. Our target is to
achieve a ROCE (adjusted) of !#% to ’&%. ROCE (adjusted) in

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and
93 C.0 Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
the scal years ’&!’ and ’&!! was !%.&% and ’#.$%, respective
ly. Siemens weighted average cost of capital (WACC) is cur -
rently %.#%.

2>8D25 15 !4=684A >C=AO>9 (21! >) (<M67A:<)
| #=9A89689I =F: @;A8=97)

Income from continuing operations before interest after tax

L 100%
Average capital employed

FY -B, i, —_——_—,
FY -B,, 25.3%
Target range: ,0 — -B%

Our nancial indicator for measuring capital ef ciency at

ROE
(after tax) , in line with common practice in the nancial ser -
vices industry. We de ne ROE (after tax) as SFS pro t after tax,
divided by SFS average allocated equity. For purposes of calcu -

Financial Services (SFS) is return on equity after tax, or

lating ROE (after tax), the relevant income tax is calculated on

a simpli ed basis, by applying an assumed $&% at tax rate to

SFS pro t, excluding income (loss) from investments account -
ed for using the equity method, net, which is basically net of

tax already, and tax-free income components and other com -
ponents which have already been taxed or are generally tax-

free. Our goal is to achieve ROE (after tax) of !#% to °&% at SFS.

| 2>8D25 15 >QD68OAI >) (;DA:@ A;J)

compared to !#.!% a year earlier. Healthcare s adjusted EBITDA
margin was !*.#%, up from !#.%% in scal ’&!!. The adjus ted
EBITDA margin for our Industry Sector was !+.(%, down from

!".*% in the prior year. The adjusted EBITDA margin for Infra -

structure &Cities w as %.#%, compared to *.$% a year earlier.

| 49PD;8>9 >:6894 C42365; <O#+"#
Margin Target range
Energy ee | 10 — 15%
Healthcare SS ii — 15 — 20%
Industry Ww 11 — 17%
Infrastructure &Cities 7.5% —— 8 — 12%
Adjusted EBITDA margins of respective markets throughout business cycle.

#.&.( Capital structure

Sustainable revenue and pro t development can be achieved

only on the basis of a healthy capital structure. A key consider -
ation for us in this regard is maintaining ready access to the

capital markets through various debt products and preserv -
ing our ability to repay and service our debt obligations over

time. Therefore, we use the ratio of adjusted industrial net

debt to adjusted EBITDA for optimizing our capital structure.

For information on this calculation and its components see

—> |.%.# !4=684A ;82D 8D2>. Our goal is to achieve a ratio in the
range of &.# — !.&.

_ !4=684A ;82D! 8D2>(#=9A89689I =F: @ ;A8=97)

SFS pro t after tax

L 100%
SFS average allocated equity

Adjusted industrial net debt

Adjusted EBITDA

219, a —ar

FY -B,-

FY -B,- 0.24

FY -B,,

22.6%

FY -B,, (0.14)

Target range: ,0 — -B%

Our goal is to achieve margins comparable to the best compet -
itors within our industries throughout the entire business

cycle. We therefore seek to maintain or improve the pro tabili -
ty of our businesses as appropriate. Our measure in this regard

is adjusted EBITDA margins __, de ned as the ratio of adjusted
EBITDA (as presented in —> !.$.$ 2>!1 5!6A6496 81 49PD;8>9
>:6894 (!1 5865D653 1=>2484 5;) ) to revenue. We have de ned
adjusted EBITDA margin ranges for the respective industries of

our four Sectors. Adjusted EBITDA target margin ranges for the
Sectors, an d their performance in scal ’&!’, are shown in the

chart below. The adjusted EBITDA margin for Energy was (.$%,

‘Target range: B.0 — ,.B

#.&.) Dividend

At the Annual Shareholders Meeting, the Managing Board, in
agreement with the Supervisory Board, will submit the follow -
ing proposal to allocate the unappropriated net income of
Siemens AG for the scal year ended September $&, ’&!’: to
distribute a dividend of )$.&& on each no-par value share enti -
tled to the dividend for scal year ’&!’ existing at the date of

the Annual Shareholders Meeting, with the remaining amount

to be carried forward. Payment of the proposed dividend is

135. D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

/

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C.,, | Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
JJ

contingent upon approval by Siemens shareholders at the
Annual Shar eholders Meeting on January ’$, ’&!$. The prior-
year dividend was )$.&&.

| 96E69>59 =40 D8 =>2 >5843>

Total dividend payout

Net income

FY -B,-

FY -B,, 42%

We intend to provide an attractive return to shareholders. We
previously set a target range for our dividend payout percent -
age of $&% to #&% of net income. The proposed dividend of
)$.&& per share for scal ’&!’ represents a total payout of

y #"( billion based on shares outstanding as of September

$&, ’&!’. Based on net income of )+.#(& billion for scal ’&!’,

the dividend payout percentage would be #"%. The percentage

for scal ’&!! was +’%, based on a total dividend payout of

y’.""( billion and net income of )".$’! billion.

We intend in the years ahead to propose a dividend payout

which — combined with outlays for share buybacks during the

scal year — results in a sum representing +&% to "&% of net in -
come, which for this purpose we may adjust to exclude excep -
tional non-cash effects. As in the past, we intend to fund the
dividend payout from free cash ow.

#.&.! Additional measures

In addition to the nancial performance measures discussed
above, we use several other metrics to assess the economic
success of our business activities. To determine whether a par
ticular investment is likely to generate value for Siemens, we
use net present value or economic value added (EVA“). EVA“
considers the cost of capital in calculating value creation by
comparing the expected earnings of an investment against the
cost of capital employed. EVA“ is also an indicator for measur
ing capital ef ciency in our Sectors and at SFS.

To measure liquidity management of our operating activities,
we analyze net operating working capital turns. In addition,
we set hurdle rates that generally must be considered before
we make acquisitions. In particular, acquisitions should have
the potential to be accretive to EVA“ within three years after
the integration and generate a !#% cash return within ve
years. Cash return is de ned as Free cash ow divided by aver

age capital employed.

#.&.’ Additional information
for financial performance measures

#2." 2>8D25 15 !4=684A >C=KO>9

(21! >) (49PD;8>9)

As part of One Siemens, we monitor our capital ef ciency us
ing the indicator return on capital employed ROCE (adjusted)
(continuing operations). The following tables report this nan
cial indicator as de ned under One Siemens.

(in millions of K) B4/.B/-B,- B1/.B/-B,- B//.,/-B,- |-/.,/-B,, B4/.B/-B,,
Capital employed Fiscal ,0?,
Total equity 31,302 32,313 32,142 33,947 32,156
Plus: Long-term debt 16,880 15,234 14,731 14,566 14,280
Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 3,826 5,236 4,799 2,841 3,660
Less: Cash and cash eq_uivalents (10,891) (8,963) (8,424) (8,977) (12,468)
Plus: Pension plans and similar commitments 9,926 9,060 7,492 6,774 7,307
Less: SFS Debt (14,558) (13,644) (13,303) (13,424) (12,075)
Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment (1,670) (1,638) (1,474) (1,544) (1,470)
Capital employed (continuing operations and discontinued operations) 2 34,817 37,597 35,962 34,182 31,391
Less: Assets classi ed as held for disposal presented as discontinued operations (4,694) (4,696) (4,894) (4,969) (4,667)
Plus: Liabilities clas si ed as held for disposal presented as discontinued operations 2,016 1,925 1,685 1,669 1,756
Capital employed (continuing operations) 32,138 34,825 32,753 30,882 28,479

1 Debt is generally reported with a value representing approximately the amount to ingful figure for the calculation presented above. For further information on fair value

be repaid. However for debt designated in a hedging relationship (fair value hedges), >518>$ * 51.8>:81 115; 1A6948>9<¢ 64.A; 848>C>58:

this amount is adjusted by ch: 's in market value mainly due to changes in interest
rates. Accordingly, we deduc changes in market value in order to end up with
an amount of debt that approximately will be repaid, which we believe is a more mean-

1 A. To our Shareholders

ar is determined as

pital employed for a ag
ers starting with the capital employed as of

mployed of the respective q
mber .B of the previous fiscal year.

95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
96 C.2  Subseq uent events
97 C3 Sustainability

111 C4 Report on expected developments and

21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C., Business and economic environment
64 C.- Financial performance measures
69 C.. Results of oper ations
82 C./ Financial position
93 C.0 Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks

a

(in millions of K) B4/.B/-B,, BI/.B/-B,, B/.,/-B,, +/./-B,B B4//B/-B,B
Capital employed Fiscal ,0??
Total equity 32,156 31,542 31,483 32,057 29,096
Plus: Long-term debt 14,280 14,191 14,196 15,656 17,497
Plus: Shor t-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 3,660 4,971 5,016 4,051 2,416
Less: Cash and cash eq_uivalents (12,468) (13,006) (14,973) (15,662) (14,108)
Plus: Pension plans and similar commitments 7,307 5,997 5,845 7,234 8,464
Less: SFS Debt (12,075) (10,384) (10,037) (9,925) (10,028)
Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment ° (1,470) (808) (719) (1,037) (1,518)
Capital employed (continuing operations and discontinued operations) 2 31,391 32,503 30,812 32,374 31,819
Less: Assets classi ed as held for disposal presented as discontinued operations (4,667) (5,636) (5,148) — —
Plus: Liabilities classi ed as held for disposal presented as discontinued operations 1,756 3,121 2,966 — —
Capital employed (continuing operations) * 28,479 29,987 28,630 32,374 31,819

1 Debt is g enerally reported with a value representing approximately the amount to ingful figure for the calculation presented above. For further information on fair value

be repaid. However for debt designated in a hedging relationship (fair value hedges), hedges see —> 51 8> $" 659.’ 51 8>; 81 !15; 1A6948>9<6545 ! 64A; 848>C>58; .
this amount is adjusted by changes in market value mainly due to changes in interest
rates. Accordingly, we deduct these changes in market value in order to end up with
an amount of debt that approximately will be repaid, which we believe is a more mean-

Average capital employed for a fiscal year is determined as a five-point average in
capital employed of the respective quarters starting with the capital employed as of
September .B of the previous fiscal year.

a

Year ended September .B,

(in millions of K) -B,- -B,,
Income from continuing operations before interest after tax
Net income 4,590 6,321
Less/Plus: Other interest expense/income, net (471) (376)
Less/Plus: SFS Other interest expense/income ” 462 371
Plus: Interest cost on Pension plans and similar commitments : 333 356
Less: Taxes on interest adjustments =" (93) (81)
Income bef ore interest after tax 4,821 6,590
Less/Plus: Income/los s from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 595 1,055
Income fr om continuing operations before interest after tax 5,416 7,645

Return on capital employed (ROCE) (adjusted) (continuing operations)

(I) Income from continuing operations before interest after tax 5,416 7,645
(II) Average capital employed (continuing operations) 31,816 30,258
(1)/(I) ROCE (adjusted) (continuing operations) 17.0% 25.3%
1 SFS Other interest income/expense is included in Other interest income/expense, net. (both as reported in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) applied to Pension
Adding back SFS Other interest income/expense in the numerator corresponds to the plans and similar commitments as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
adjustment for SFS Debt in the denominator. Position as of September .B, -B,, and -B,B, respectively.

2 For fiscal -B,- and -B,,, interest cost on Pension plans and similar commitments is 3 Effective tax rate for the determination of taxes on interest adjustments is calculated by
calculated using the weighted average discount rate of our pension benefit plans dividing Income taxes through Income from continuing operations before income taxes,
for the fiscal year ended September .B, -B,, (/.0%) and September .B, -B,B (/.-%) both as reported in > 9." !15; 1A6948>9; 848>C>58; 1<@!1 C>.

135. D. — Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 §E. Additional Information

129 C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. ©... Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.- Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report
L#.# 2>8D25 15 >QD68OZI1 >) (4<8>2 84K)
The following table reports the calculation of ROE (after tax) of
SFS as de ned under One Siemens.

Year ended September .B,

(in millions of K) -B,- -B,,
Calculation of income taxes of Financial
Services (SFS)
Pro t of SFS
(Income before Income Taxes, IBIT) 479 428
Less/Plus: Income/los s from investments
accounted for using the equity method,
net of SFS ? (168) (92)
Less: Tax-free income components
and others 57 (16)
Tax basis 368 319
Tax rate (at) 30% 30%
Calculat ed income taxes of SFS 110 96
Pro t after tax of SFS
Pro t of SFS (IBIT) 479 428
Less: Calculated income taxes of SFS (110) (96)
Pro t after tax of SFS 368 332
ROE (after tax) of SFS
(D) Pro t after tax of SFS 368 332
(II) Average allocated equity of SFS_ 1,681 1,468
(1)/() ROE (after tax) of SFS 21.9% 22.6%
1 For information on Income (loss) from investments accounted for using the equity

method, net of SFS,see > !.$.$ 2>!1 5!6A648@ 81 49PD;8>9 >:6894 (11 5865D653

1=>2484 5;) .

i

Tax-free income components include forms of financing which are generally
exempted from income taxes. Others comprise result components related to the
(partial) sale/divestment of equity investments, which are reclassified from at
equity to available- for-sale financial ts and are therefore not included in the
(Income) loss from investments accounted for using the equity method, net.
Such results are already taxed or generally tax free. Others may also comprise

an adjustment for material taxable Income (loss) from investments accounted for
using the equity method, net.

3 Average allocated equity of SFS for a fiscal is determined as a five-point average
in allocated equity o 'S of the respective quarters starting with the allocated equity
of SFS as of September .B of the previous fiscal year.

!#..$ 9><6568b5; 1<18F>2
<6545! GA =>24 2C45 !>C>4;D2>;
We also use other nancial performance measures in addition
to the measures described above, such as new orders and order
backlog for the assessment of our future revenue potential. We
de ne and calculate new orders and order backlog as follows:
new orders

Under its policy for the recognition of , Siemens

generally recognizes the total contract amount for a new order

when we enter into a contract that we consider legally effec -

tive and compulsory based on a number of different criteria.

The contract amount is the agreed price or fee for that portion
of the contract for which the delivery of goods and /or the pro
vision of services has been irrevocably agreed. Future reve

nues from service, maintenance and outsourcing contracts are
recognized as new orders in the amount of the total contract

value only if there is adequate assurance that the contract will
remain in effect for its entire duration (e.g., due to high exit
barriers for the customer). New orders are generally recog
nized immediately when the relevant contract is considered
legally effective and compulsory. The only exceptions are or

ders with short overall contract terms. In this case, a separate
reporting of new orders would provide no signi cant addition

al information regarding our performance. For orders of this

type the recognition of new orders thus occurs when the cor
responding revenue is recognized.

Order backlog
of our Company resulting from already recognized new orders.

represents an indicator for the future revenues

Order backlog is calculated by adding the new orders of the
current scal year to the balance of the order backlog as of the
end of the prior scal year and by subtracting the revenue rec
ognized in the current scal year. If the amount of an order al
ready recognized in the current or the previous scal years is
modi ed or if an order from the current scal year is cancelled,
Siemens adjusts its new orders for the current quarter and also
its order backlog accordingly, but does not retroactively adjust
previously published new orders. However, if an order from a
previous scal year is cancelled, new orders of the current
quarter and, accordingly, the current scal year are generally
not adjusted, instead, the existing order backlog is revised di
rectly. Aside from cancellations, the order backlog is also sub
ject to portfolio effects and to currency translation effects.

There is no standard system for compiling and calculating new
orders and order backlog information that applies across com
panies. Accordingly, Siemens new orders and order backlog
measures may not be comparable with new orders and order
backlog reported by other companies. Siemens subjects its
new orders and its order backlog to internal documentation
and review requirements. Siemens may change its policies for
recognizing new orders and order backlog in the future with
out previous notice.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and
93 C.0 Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks

#.( @76CA7 =D =F: @ ;A8=97

#.($ Results of Siemens

The following discussion presents selected information for
Siemens for the scal year ended September $&, ’&!’:

1,$."."" 5>@ 129>2; 459 2>E>5D>

Revenue increased steadily quarter by quarter throughout s
cal ’&!’ and came in at )%*.’(" billion, up %% from the prior-
year period. Revenue growth included increases in all Sectors
and all three reporting regions, supported by Siemens strong
order backlog. Slowing growth in the world economy was evi
dent in the development of new orders, which decreased !&%
year-over-year primarily due to substantially lower volume
from large orders compared to the prior-year period. This re
sulted in a book-to-bill ratio of &.(* for Siemens in scal ’&!’.
On an organic basis, excluding currency translation and port
folio effects, orders decreased !$% and revenue came in $%
above the prior year. The order backlog (de ned as the sum of
order backlogs of our Sectors) was )(* billion as of September
$&, ’&!’, up from )(% billion a year earlier, including positive
currency translation effects of )$ billion.

Orders related to external customers
!&% overall, with results varying among the Sectors. Orders for
Healthcare were up #%, with most of its businesses contribut

ing increases, and were level in Industry. Order intake declined

in Energy and Infrastructure
volumes from large orders compared to the prior-year period,
which included a number of orders for large wind-farms in

Energy and a )$.% billion order for trains in Germany won by
Infrastructure &Cities. Or ders from emerging markets on a glob

al basis, as these markets are de ned by the International Mon
etary Fund, declined %%, less than orders overall, and accounted
for )’".’++ billion, or $+%, of total orders for scal ’&!’.

In the region Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East
clined !%% including double-digit decreases in Infrastructure
Cities and Ener gy, which were due to the high basis of compari
son from large orders mentioned above. This high basis of com

[ 5>@129>2; (C=#A8=9 =D#67A=>: @)

in scal ’&!’ declined

&Cities due t o substantially lower

, orders de -
&

parison was also the primary factor in the order decline in
Germany. Orders for Industry in the region were level compared
to the prior-year period and Healthcare s orders came in slightly
below the level of scal ’&!!. In the
slightly on increases in three of the four Sectors. The Energy
Sect or showed a slight decrease due in part to a lower volume
from large orders compared to the prior-year period. Order intake
in the Asia, Australia
’>&!’. Double-digit order growth in Healthcare was more than
offset by decreases in the other Sectors. Order intake in India de

creased sharply compared to the prior-year period, due primarily
to a major contract win at Energy in the prior-year period.

As previously disclosed, Siemens has decided that, subject to
certain limited exceptions, it will not enter into new contracts
with customers in Iran and has issued group-wide policies
es tablishing the details of its general decision. Under the origi
nal version of the policies, among other exceptions, which
have been previously disclosed, products and services required
to maintain the installed base (e.g. deliveries of spare parts,
maintenance and assembly services) were permitted to be pro
vided. However, in the beginning of calendar year ’&!’,
Siemens resolved to amend the policies to provide that no new
business with respect to products and services destined to
maintain the installed base in Iran s oil
tered into under any circumstances. In addition, even outside
the oil &gas sector, products and services for the installed base
in Iran may be provided only in strictly limited circumstances
which can be demonstrated to satisfy humanitarian purposes
or private purposes serving the common good (e.g. water sup
ply and healthcare of the civilian population). In the fourth
quarter of scal ’&!’, Siemens revised its credit risk assess
ment for Iran. In accordance with project accounting princi
ples, Siemens therefore revised project calculations for the af
fected projects that were still permitted to be provided under
these policies. The change in credit risk assessment resulted in
an earnings impact of )$+% million. We expect further prot
impacts related to Iran in scal ’&!$. For additional informa
tion, see —> !.*.$ 26:B:.

region showed a slight decrease in scal

Americas _, order intake rose

&gas sector may be en

Year ended September .B, % Change vs. previous year therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted Currency Portfolio
Europe, C.L.S.-, Africa, Middle East 38,655 46,711 (17)% (19)% 1% 1%
therein Germany 9,894 17,353 (43)% (43)% 0% 0%
Americas 22,271 22,077 1% (5)% 5% 1%
therein U.S. 15,403 15,732 (2)% (9)% 6% 1%
Asia, Australia 15,987 16,378 (2)% (7) % 4% 0%
therein China 6,037 6,241 (3)% (1)% 8% 0%
therein India 1,689 3,310 (49)% (45) % (4)% 0%
Siemens 76,913 85,166 (10)% (13)% 2% 1%
1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects. 2 Common wealth of Independent States.
135. D. Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. — Additional Information

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.,, Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.- Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report

2>E>5D>(C=#:A8=9 =D#67A=>:@)

Year ended September .B,

% Change vs. previous year therein

(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted Currency Portfolio
Europe, C.LS.:, Africa, Middle East 39,909 38,448 4% 2% 1% 0%
therein Germany 11,072 10,810 2% 2% 0% 0%
Americas 22,864 20,470 12% 5% 6% 1%
therein U.S. 16,670 14,368 16% 1% 8% 1%
Asia, Australia 15,523 14,357 8% 3% 5% 0%
therein China 6,348 6,389 (1)% (7)% 1% (1)%
therein India 2,311 2,353 (2)% 4% (5)% 0%
Siemens 78,296 73,275 1% 3% 3% 0%
1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects. 2 Common wealth of Independent States.
Revenue related to external customers rose %% compared to On a geographic basis, revenue increased in all three reporting
scal ’&!!, including increases in all Sectors. Strong conver regions, led by double-digit growth in the Americas. In the Eu-

sion from the Sectors order backlogs played a major role in
broad-based revenue growth. Energy revenue increased !’% in
scal ’&!’ and Healthcare revenue increased (%. Revenue in
Industry and Infrastructure | &Cities sho wed a moderate growth
compared to the prior-year period. On a global basis, emerging
markets grew %%, and accounted for )’#."#’ billion, or $$%, of

total revenue in scal ’&!’.

|. 5>@129>2; 459 2>E>S5D> :O0 QD428>2 (89 >8CC8=97 =D N)

rope, C.LS., Africa, Middle East
year-over-year, including increases in all Sectors. In the

region, revenue increased +%
Ameri-
cas , higher revenue included double-digit increases in Energy,
Industry and Infrastructure § &Cities, due t o revenue growth of
!"% in the U.S. In the Asia, Australia
on substantial increases in Energy and Healthcare, which were
&Cities and Indus try.

region, revenue rose *%

partly offset by decreases in Infrastructure

New orders Revenue Book-to-bill ratio
Q4 12 21,4 Q4 12 21,703 0.99
Q3 12 WA Q3 12 19,502 0.91 |
Q212 7 Q2 12 19,235 0.93 |
Qi 12 07. == Qi 12 17,856 Ll fa
Q411 21,059 | Sn mR ee 411 20,285 1.04 \
Ql 22,879 | A Ql 17,782 1.29 oo
Qu 20,532 (i as Ql 17,633 1.17 =
Ql 20,647 (A a Qiil 17,575 1.17 iz
I
1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C., Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C.3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and
93 C.0 Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
1.$.".# 115; 146948>9 ; 848>C>58; 1<@!1C>

Year ended September .B, % Change
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,,
Gross pro t 22,204 22,229 0%
as per centage of revenue 28.4% 30.3% _—
Research and development
expenses (4,238) (3,899) 9%
as per centage of revenue 5.4% 5.3% _—
Marketing, selling and general
administrative expenses (11,162) (10,239) 9%
as per centage of revenue 14.3% 14.0% —
Other operating income 516 547 (6)%
Other operating expense (276) (374) (26)%
ncome (loss) from invest-
ments accounted for using
the equity method, net (266) 210 n/a
nterest income 2,234 2,200 2%
nterest expense (1,728) (1,716) 1%
Other nancial income
(expense), net (5) 649 n/a
ncome from continuing
operations before income
taxes 7,279 9,608 (24)%
ncome taxes (2,094) (2,232) (6)%
as per centage of income
from continuing operations
before income taxes 29% 23% _—
ncome from continuing
operations 5,184 7,376 (30)%
Loss from discontinued
operations, net of income
taxes (595) (1,055) (44)%
Net income 4,590 6,321 (27)%
Net income attributable to
non-controlling interests 132 176 —
Net income attributable to
shareholders of Siemens AG 4,458 6,145 (27)%

In scal ’&!’, we achieved Income from continuing opera

tions of )#.!*+ billion. While this was one of our highest re
sults ever, it was substantially lower than in the prior year. The
primary factors in the decline were cost of goods sold; research
and development expenses; marketing, selling and general ad -
ministrative expenses; and income (loss) from investments ac -
counted for using the equity method, net. In addition, the pri -
or year included substantially higher nancial income associ -
ated with a major divestment. Each of these factors is described

in more detail below. Other line items in the Consolidated

> 518>; & ° 459 ) 65
9.” 51 8>; 81 !15; 1A6948>9<6545 ! 64A; 848>C>58; .

Statements of Income are discussed in

While revenue for scal ’&!’ rose %% year-over-year as dis -
cussed earlier, gross pro t was nearly unchanged from the pri -
or-year level and declined as a percent of revenue. Industry,
&Cities all dealt wit ha less favorable
revenue mix year-over-year, which reduced their gross pro t

Energy and Infrastructure

margins. Gross pro t in Energy included )#%& million in proj -
ect charges related to offshore grid-connection projects. The
majority of Healthcare s charges for its Agenda ’&!$ initiative

also impacted gross pro t. In scal ’&!!, Healthcare s )$*! mil -
lion in charges in the third quarter related to particle therapy

were included in gross pro t.

Furthermore, all Sectors increased their spending for market -
ing, selling and administrative expenses and research and de -
velopment expenses in anticipation of an improving global
economic environment in the second half of the scal year. In

fact, global economic growth slowed instead of picking up in

the second half, leaving the Sectors with cost positions that
adversely affected income. For more details on our research

and development activities, including a split of research and
development expenses for the Sectors, see > !).# 2>>>42!F
459 9>E>A1=C>S8.

Income (loss) from investments accounted for using the eq uity
method, net swung from a positive )’!& million in scal ’&!!

to a negative )’"" million in scal ’&!’. The primary factor

was Nokia Siemens Networks B.V. (NSN), which took substan -
tial restructuring charges in connection with repositioning its
business. This in turn led to an equity investment loss of )%+!
million associated with NSN, compared to a loss of )’*& mil -
lion in the prior year. For additional information, see > 51 8> (
659.’ 51 8>; 81 !15; 1A6948>9<6545 ! 64A; 848>C>58; .

Income from continuing operations in scal ’&!! bene ted
from a gain of )!.#’ & billion on the sale of Energy s interest in
Areva NP S.A.S. (Areva NP), partly offset by the negative im -
pact of )"*’ million related to an adverse arbitration decision
associated with our decision to exit our nuclear power joint
venture with Areva S.A. (Areva). The net effect of these factors

is included in Other nancial income (expense) net. For addi -
tional information, see +> 518>) 65 9.’ 51 8>; 81 !15; 1A6948>9

<6545 ! 64A; 848>C>58; .

In the current period, Income from continuing operations
included )!+* million in gains related to changes in other
post-employment bene ts (OPEB) in the U.S., more than off -
set by pro t impacts of )$+% million, primarily in the Energy
Sector, related to a change in credit risk assessment for Iran.

These gains and impacts were distributed among various

line items.

135. D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C.,, | Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
As a result of these developments, Income from continuing
operations before income taxes declined ’+%. Income taxes
declined "% year-over-year. The effective tax rate was ’(%. For
comparison, the effective tax rate of ’$% a year earlier bene t -
ed from the mainly tax-free Areva disposal gain.

Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes in
scal ’&!’ was )#(# million, compared to )!.&## billion in s -
cal ’&!!. Loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax -
es was comprised of the following:

Year ended September .B, % Change
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,,
Siemens IT Solutions
and Services 41 (826) n/a
OSRAM (121) 309 n/a
Siemens solar business (241) (365) (34)%
Other former activities (274) (172) 59%

Results related to Siemens IT Solutions and Services, which
was sold to Atos S.A. (AtoS) in the fourth quarter of scal ’&!!,
differed substantially year-over-year. In scal ’&!’, income
was a positive )+! million, compared to a loss of )*’" million
in scal ’&!!, which included signi cant expenses related to
the disposal.

Results for OSRAM in scal ’&!’ included a non-cash effect of a
negative )++$ million (pretax). This effect arises from the fact

#.(.& Segment inf ormation analysis

that Siemens no longer considered it highly probable to com -
plete its original plan to dispose of OSRAM via an initial public
offering (IPO) in the third quarter of scal ’&!’, and therefore

had to recognize accumulated depreciation, amortization, im -
pairments and equity pick-ups related to OSRAM which under

IFRS were not recognized beginning with the announcement

of the IPO plan in March ’&!!. The Company intends to dispose

of OSRAM via a spin-off to Siemens shareholders, which is sub -
ject to approval by the Annual Shareholders Meeting on Janu -
ary ’$, ’&!$. While revenue rose %% year-over-year, bene ting

from currency translation and portfolio effects, ongoing mar -
ket challenges held back pro t development.

In addition, discontinued operations include Siemens solar
business, which posted losses of )’+! million and )$"# million
in scal ’&!’ and ’&!!, respectively. Both years included pre-
tax impairment charges: )!#& million in scal ’&!’ and )’$!
million in scal ’&!!.

Discontinued operations also include certain remaining items

related to former activities that were disposed of in prior years.

Fiscal ’&!’ included pretax expenses of )!+$ million related to

a settlement with the Greek State, and negative tax effects of

)!!# million, both related to former Com activities. For addi -
tional information, see > 518> % 69.’ 51 8>; 81 !15; 1A6948>9
<6545 ! 64A; 848>C>58; .

Net income for Siemens in scal ’&!’ declined to )+.#(& bil -
lion from )".$’! billion a year earlier. Net income attributable

to shareholders of Siemens AG was )+.+#* billion, down from

)".!4# billion in the same period a year earlier.

1.9.4." >5>230
| :>!812
Year ended September .B, % Change therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted ° Currency Portfolio
Prot 2,159 /-.B (/4)%
Pro t margin 7.8% 2.-%
New orders 26,881 .,,/B2 ()% (,3)% -%e -%
Total revenue 27,537 -/,1/0 Te 2% a 3%
External revenue 27,302 -/,.4B Te
therein:
Europe, C.I.S.:, Africa, Middle East 14,077 1" HS Toe
therein Germany 1,927 ',&&’ !&%
Americas 8,131 $($% '%%
Asia, Australia 5,093 "7 &) Make)
1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects. 2 Common wealth of Independent States.
1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and
93 C.0 Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
Energy reported a pro t of )’.!#( billion in scal ’&!’, a sharp
decrease compared to scal ’&!!. Sector pro t was held back
by project charges related to offshore grid connection projects
totaling )#%& million. In the fourth quarter of scal ’&!’,
Siemens revised its credit risk assessment for Iran. In accor
dance with project accounting principles, we therefore revised
project calculations for the affected contracts. The change in
credit risk assessment resulted in earnings impacts totaling
)$’% million mainly at Oil &Gas. Ener gy also recorded burdens
of )!# million associated with the Olkiluoto project in Fin
land. In addition, Energy _ s business expansion strategy result
ed in higher marketing, selling and general administrative ex
penses as well as higher research and development expenses,
and pro t development was also held back by a less favorable
revenue mix. For comparison, pro t of )+.’$& billion in scal
*&!! bene ted from the Areva NP gain of )!.#’& billion men
tioned earlier, only partly offset by the )"*’ million pro t im
pact related to the arbitration decision discussed earlier and
the Sector s )"& million share of special employee remunera
tion costs. The Sector expects further pro t impacts related to
Iran in scal ’&!$.

|. 5>@129>2; :O :D;65>;;>;

Revenue rose on conversion from the Sectors strong order
backlog in all three reporting regions, including a substantial
increase in Asia, Australia. Orders came in !+% lower compared
to the prior year, when the Sector recorded a substantially larg

er volume from major orders. This comparison effect was par
ticularly notable in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East. Energy s
book-to-bill ratio for scal ’&!’ was &.(* and its order backlog
was )## billion at the end of the period.

Fossil Power Generation generated pro t of )!.($$ billion
on strong pro t contributions from the service and products
businesses, while results from the solutions business were
signi cantly lower due to a less favorable project mix com
pared to a year earlier. Pro t bene ted from a )*% million gain
from the sale of the ’#% interest in OAO Power Machines. In
addition, the Division recorded higher expenses for market
ing and selling year-over-year. For comparison, pro t a year
earlier included the )!.#’& billion Areva NP gain and a more
favorable project mix in the component business, partly off
set by the )"*’ million Areva arbitration impact. Pro t in both
years was burdened by charges related to the Olkiluoto proj

Year ended September .B, % Change therein

(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted Currency Portfolio
Fossil Power Generation 11,116 12,487 dN% (17)% 2% 4%
Wind Power 4,932 6,461 (24)% (26)% 2% 0%
Oil&Gas 5,307 5,551 (4)% (10)% 2% 3%
Power Transmission 5,824 7,271 (20)% (21)% 1% 0%

1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects.

2>E>5D> :O :D;65>;;>;

Year ended September .B, % Change therein

(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted Currency Portfolio
Fossil Power Generation 11,161 10,203 9% 5% 3% 2%
Wind Power 5,066 3,686 37% 29% 8% 0%
Oil&Gas 5,115 4,719 8% 3% 2% 3%
Power Transmission 6,593 6,334 4% 2% 2% 0%

1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects.

=21 <68 459 =21 <68 C42365 :O :D;65>;;>;

Profit Profit margin
Year ended September .B, Year ended September .B,

(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, % Change -B,- -B,,
Fossil Power Generation 1,933 2,837 (32)% 17.3% 27.8%
Wind Power 304 357 (15)% 6.0% 9.7%
Oil&Gas 218 467 (53)% 4.3% 9.9%
Power Transmission (302) 566 n/a (4.6)% 8.9%

135. D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C..,
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements

LH
LI

ect in Finland, amounting to )!#’ million in the current year
and )*% million a year ago. Revenue rose (% year-over-year,
with substantial growth in Asia, Australia and signi cant

growth in the Americas more than offsetting a moderate de
cline in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East. Due to a lower vol

ume from major orders, scal ’&!’ orders came in !!% lower
than a year earlier, including a substantial decline in Europe,
C.LS., Africa, Middle East.

Wind Power
butions from substantially higher revenue were offset by high

Pro t at

was lower year-over-year. Positive contri

er expenses for research and development, marketing and sell -
ing associated with expansion, a less favorable revenue mix,
and increased pricing pressure. In addition, earnings came in
lower due to a )$’ million provision related to a wind turbine

component from an external supplier and a charge of )’& mil
lion related to capacity adjustment. Revenue rose $%% year-
over-year, due to conversion of large orders into current busi -
ness mainly in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East, and, to a less -
er degree, in the Americas and Asia, Australia. Revenue growth

was supported clearly by positive currency translation effects.

New orders were down ’+% due primarily to a lower volume

from large offshore orders in Germany. New order int ake in the
U.S. was down compared to scal ’&!!. With the expected
near-term expiration of tax incentives in the U.S., orders in

that country nearly ceased towards the end of scal ’&!’. Giv -
en market developments in the U.S., Wind Power announced

plans to reduce its production capacity. Challenging market
conditions at Wind Power, including pricing pressure, are ex -
pected to continue in coming quarters.

Prot at Oil &Gas declined sharply year-over-year from the
prior year due primarily to )’%# million in earnings impacts

!_$.#.4# F>4A8R 42>

stemming from the change in credit risk assessment for Iran
mentioned above. In other respects, Oil &Gas per formed well,
including a higher earnings contribution from its services
business as well as from its turbines business. Revenue in -
creased clearly due primarily to growth in Asia, Australia. Or -
ders decreased substantially in Asia, Australia, taking orders

lower for the Division overall.

Power Transmission reported a loss of )$&’ million for scal
*&!’, compared to prot of )#'"" million for scal ’&!!. The

major factor was )#%& million in project charges related pri -
marily to technically complex grid connections to offshore
wind-farms in Germany. These charges were due to project
delays resulting from a complex regulatory environment and

the projects complex marine environment, which required
revised estimates of resources and personnel. In addition,

mn

pro t was impacted by charges totaling )"" million to address
structural issues in the transformers business. Earnings were

also held back by a less favorable revenue mix, due in part to
low-margin orders booked during prior periods with signi -
cant pricing pressure. These factors were only partly offset by

the release of a provision of )"+ million related to a successful

project completion. For comparison, prior-year period pro t
included charges of )#% million, including for staff reduction
measures, associated with optimizing the Divisions global
manufacturing footprint. Order intake decreased ’&% com -
pared to the prior year, which included a higher volume from

large orders and a sharp drop in orders in the solutions busi -
ness due in part to more selective order intake. All three
reporting regions saw lower orders. The Division expects con -
tinuing challenges, including the technically complex grid-
connection projects mentioned above and structural issues in

certain businesses.

Lo >!812
Year ended September .B, % Change therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted ? Currency Portfolio
Prot 1,815 se 1%
Pro t margin 13.3% B.2%
New orders 13,806 | a. 1 0% B% 1% B%
Total revenue 13,642 5-0,2 4% 1% 1% B%
External revenue 13,600 /1. 4%
therein:
Europe, C.L.S.:, Africa, Middle East 4,593 HH) %
therein Germany 1,056 ))* &I
Americas 5,692 %,*"" )%e
Asia, Australia 3,315 * SH! 1G

1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects. 2

1 A. To our Shareholders

Common wealth of Independent States.

95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
96 C.2  Subseq uent events
97 C3 Sustainability

21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C., Business and economic environment
64 C.- Financial performance measures
69 C.. Results of oper ations
82 C./ Financial position

93 C.0 Net assets position

111 C4 Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks
The healthcare market environment re ected continuing pres -
sure on public health budgets in developed countries while
healthcare spending increased in emerging market countries,
particularly including China. In scal ’&!’, the Healthcare
Sector launched Agenda ’&!$ , which is a global initiative tar -
geting innovation, regional presence, competitiveness, and

human resource development. The initiative encompasses a
realignment of the radiation therapy business that includes
rightsizing measures and a program to improve the cost posi -

tion at Diagnostics.

The Healthcare Sector delivered )!.*!# billion in prot in

scal ’&!’, led by continued strong earnings performance
from its imaging and therapy systems businesses. Results for
Agenda ’&!$ , including )!*+
million in charges. The Sector expects additional charges in

the year were in uenced by

coming quarters. Prot development also included higher
expenses for research and development as well as higher
marketing, selling and general administrative expenses, due

in part for investments in product development and expand -
ed sales activities in emerging markets. These effects were

partly offset by the Sector s )+( million portion of the OPEB-

gain in the U.S. mentioned earlier and a net gain of )$+ mil -
lion from the successful pursuit of a patent infringement

claim. For comparison, Healthcare prot in scal ’&!! was

held back by negative impacts related to particle therapy
projects, primarily including )$*! million in the third quarter

when the Sector shifted the focus of certain projects primar -
ily to research. Within this impact was a negative effect of
approximately )!&& million related to reducing revenue from

prior periods. In addition the Sector took )$’ million in
charges stemming from increased cost estimates for com -
pleting particle therapy contracts in the rst quarter. Fiscal

!.$.4.$ 69D;820

’&!! prot was held back also by the Sectors )+$ million
share of the special employee remuneration allocation men
tioned earlier and a loss of )$’ million on the sale of a health
care IT business in France.

Protat Diagnostics came in at )$!+ million compared to )$&&
million a year earlier, driven primarily by higher revenue. In
connection with the Agenda ’&!$ initiative, Diagnostics took
)*& million in charges in scal ’&!’ related to improving its
cost position. For comparison, prot at Diagnostics in scal
’>&!! was impacted by an increase in valuation allowances for
receivables triggered by a debt rating downgrade related to
Greece. Purchase price allocation (PPA) effects related to past
acquisitions at Diagnostics were )!%$ million in scal ’&!’. A
year earlier, Diagnostics recorded )!"( million in PPA effects.

Revenue for Healthcare in scal ’&!’ increased (% compared
to the prior-year period, including growth on a broad basis
among its businesses. Revenue a year earlier included the neg
ative revenue effect of approximately )!&& million related to
particle therapy projects mentioned above. Orders came in #%
higher, with most businesses contributing increases. On a
geographic basis, Asia, Australia and the Americas drove reve
nue and order growth, due to increases in China and the U.S.
The book-to-bill ratio was !.&!, and Healthcare s order backlog
was )% billion at the end of scal ’&!’.

The Sectors Diagnostics business contributed to overall
growth. Revenue and orders were up *%, both reaching )$.("(
billion from )$.""% billion and )$."%* billion, respectively, in
the prior-year period. Diagnostics showed the same develop
ment as the Sector with regard to the regions. On an organic
basis, both revenue and orders rose +%.

p>! 812
Year ended September .B, % Change therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted Currency Portfolio
Prot 2,467 -,20- (,B)%
Pro t margin 12.0% /.B%
New orders 19,985 -B,,3/ (,)% (.)% -%e B%
Total revenue 20,508 4,04B 0% -%o a B&
External revenue 18,872 33,,-/ 1%
therein:
Europe, C.LS.°, Africa, Middle East 9,789 ),"$& #%
therein Germany 4,487 #,*)" %o%o
Americas 4,280 vc "%
Asia, Australia 4,802 #,)#$ (")%
1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects. 2 Common wealth of Independent States.

135 Consolidat ed Financial Statements

Additional Information

mo

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.,, Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
In scal ’&!’, pro t at
market conditions for the Sector became less favorable in the
second half of the period. This was particularly evident in
China and t o a lesser extent in Germany, two of the Sector s
most important national markets. Pro t development in scal
>&! was also held back by a less favorable business mix as
well as higher marketing, selling, general and administrative
expenses associated with innovation and growth opportuni
ties. Furthermore, pro t at Industry was impacted by market
challenges for its renewable energy offerings. The Sector took
y’* million in charges related to severance programs for ad
justing capacity and adapting its portfolio primarily related to
those offerings. These factors were only partially offset by In
dustry s )$& million portion of the OPEB gain mentioned earli
er. For comparison, pro tin scal ’&!! was burdened by Indus

try s )%# million share of a special remuneration allocation.

Revenue in scal ’&!’ for Industry rose moderately year-over-
year on broad-based increases across its businesses. Industry

orders declined slightly compared to the prior scal year as
higher orders at Industry Automation were more than offset by
a decrease at Drive Technologies and the metal technologies
business. On a regional basis, revenue was up in the Americas

Industry declined !&% year-over year as

cy translation effects. On a book-to-bill ratio of &.(%, Industry
order backlog was )!! billion at the end of scal ’&!’, un
changed from a year earlier.

Prot at Industry Automation
decline compared to the prior scal year was due mainly to a
less favorable business mix, higher marketing and selling,
general and administrative expenses and lower earnings from
the Division s offerings for renewable energy. On growth in all
three reporting regions, revenue for the Division was up %%
and orders increased "% year-over-year. Both scal years under
review included PPA effects from the acquisition of UGS Corp.,
acquired in scal ’&&%. PPA effects were )!+( million in scal
’&!’ and )!$% million a year earlier.

Prot at Drive Technologies
lion, down signi cantly from a year earlier also due mainly to a
less favorable business mix, lower earnings from its offerings
for renewable energy, and higher research and development as
well as marketing, selling and general administrative costs
compared to scal ’&!!. The Division s portion of the severance
charges mentioned for the Sector was )’& million. While reve
nue for Drive Technologies grew moderately compared to scal

declined #% year-over year. The

in scal ’&!’ came in at )(%& mil

and Europe, C.LS., Africa, Middle East, more than offsetting a >&I!, orders declined clearly year-over year. On a regional basis,

decline in Asia, Australia. The decline in orders was due pri - revenue growth was driven by the Americas and supported by
moderate growth in Europe, C.LS, Africa, Middle East. The de -

cline in orders was due to weak demand from Asia, Australia.

marily to lower demand from Asia, Australia. Revenue and or -
der development in scal ’&!’ bene ted from positive curren -

| 5>@129>2; :O :D;65>;;>;

Year ended September .B, % Change therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted ? Currency Portfolio
Industry Automation 9,547 8,983 6% 4% 3% 0%
Drive Technologies 9,395 9,995 (6)% (8)% 2% 0%
1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects.
2>E>5D> :O :D;65>;;>;
Year ended September .B, % Change therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted ° Currency Portfolio
Industry Automation 9,563 8,974 1% 3% 3% 0%
Drive Technologies 9,640 9,179 5% 3% 2% 0%
1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects.
=21 <68 459 =21 <68 C42365 :O :D;65>;;>;
Profit Profit margin
Year ended September .B, Year ended September .B,
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, % Change -B,- -B,,
Industry Automation 1,335 1,411 (5)% 14.0% 15.7%
Drive Technologies 970 1,158 (16)% 10.1% 12.6%

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and
93 C.0 Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
!.$.4#.% 6 <24;82D ! 8D2>&!686>;

3>!1812

Year ended September .B, % Change therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted ? Currency Portfolio
Prot 1,102 wl (-)%
Pro t margin 6.3% 1.1%
New orders 17,150 -,,./3 (-B)% (--)% -% B%
Total revenue 17,585 1,421 1% a) % B%
External revenue 16,731 w1,,11 -%
therein:
Europe, C.1.S.°, Africa, Middle East 10,121 &%
therein Germany 2,880 (*)%
Americas 4,344
Asia, Australia 2,267 * &)# (!&)%

I Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects. 2

Protat Infrastructure &Cities came in at )!.!&’ billion,do wn
&Prod -

ucts business and the Building Technologies Division both im -

slightly year-over-year. While the Power Grid Solutions
proved pro t year-over-year, pro t at Transportation &Logis tics
declined substantially due mainly to )*" million in charges at

a rolling stock project in Germany. Pro t development for the

Sector was also held back by )+’ million in charges related to
severance programs. These negative effects were partly offset

by a positive )#& million contribution from the Sector s inter -
est in AtoS and the Sector s )$& million portion of the OPEB

gain mentioned earlier. For comparison, prot in scal ’&!!

was burdened by the Sectors )"$ million share of a special
employee remuneration allocation.

| 5>@129>2; :O :D;65>;;>;

Common wealth of Independent States.

Revenue grew moderately year-over-year, as higher revenue in

the regions America and Europe, C.LS., Africa, Middle East

more than offset a decline in Asia, Australia. Revenue growth

&Products and Building
&Logistics declined

was driven by Power Grid Solutions
Technologies. Revenue at Transportation
slightly year-over-year. Orders for the Sector decreased *&%
compared to the prior year, which included a sharply higher
&Logis tics. This
included Siemens largest-ever train order in Germany, worth

)$.% billion, and a major order for high-speed trains in the U.K.

As a result, scal ’&!’ orders came in substantially lower in
Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East. Order intake was also clearly
lower in Asia, Australia, only partly offset by a slight increase

in the Americas. On a book-to-bill ratio of &.(*, Infrastruc

ture &Cities order backlog was )’+ billion at the end of scal

>&!’, unchanged from a year earlier.

volume from major orders at Transportation

Year ended September .B, % Change therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted ? Currency Portfolio
Transportation &Logistics 5,382 10,052 (46)% (48)% 1% 0%
Power Grid Solutions &Products 6,275 5,905 6% 4% 2% 0%
Building Technologies 5,809 5,597 4% 0% 3% 0%
1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects.
2>E>S5D> :O :D;65>;;>;
Year ended September .B, % Change therein
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, Actual Adjusted ? Currency Portfolio
Transportation &Logistics 5,969 6,041 (1)% (4)% 2% 0%
Power Grid Solutions &Products 6,068 5,657 71% 5% 2% 0%
Building Technologies 5,820 5,468 6% 3% 3% 0%

I Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects.

135. D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C.,, | Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
| =21<68 459 =21 <68 C42365 :O :D;65>;;>;

Profit Profit margin

Year ended September .B, Year ended September .B,
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, % Change -B,- -B,,
Transportation &Logistics 236 365 (35)% 4.0% 6.0%
Power Grid Solutions &Products 457 413 11% 7.5% 7.3%
Building Technologies 379 364 4% 6.5% 6.7%

Protatthe Transportation &Logistics busines s declined $4#%
year-over-year. This decline was due mainly to the above-men -
tioned )*" million in charges related to delays in ful lling a

rolling stock order in Germany. In addition, the revenue mix in

scal ’&!’ was less favorable due to lower margins associated

with large, long-term contracts from prior periods which
Transportation &Logistics began to convert into current busi -
ness in scal ’&!’. Revenue came in slightly lower year-over-

year, as higher revenue in the Europe, C.LS., Africa, Middle

East region was more than offset by lower revenue in Asia,
Australia and the Americas. Order intake decreased +"% year-
over-year, due to the sharply higher volume from large orders a

year earlier. This comparison effect was particularly evident in

the Europe, C.LS., Africa, Middle East region, where Transpor -
tation &Logistics won the above-mentioned large orders in s -

cal ’&!! for trains in Germany and the U.K.

& Products

was driven by the business low and medium voltage activities.

The pro t improvement at Power Grid Solutions
Pro t from smart grid activities was held back by higher re -
search and development, marketing, selling and general ad -
ministrative expenses for growth initiatives. Revenue and or -
ders increased clearly year-over-year, particularly including
double-digit growth in the Americas.

Prot at Building Technologies increased moderately year-
over-year. Prot development in scal ’&!’ was held back by

higher research and development, marketing, selling and gen -
eral administrative expenses associated with growth initia -
tives. Growth in revenue and orders was driven by demand for

the Division s energy ef ciency solutions. On a regional basis,
revenue and orders were up in all three reporting regions.

'$.#.& >QD68 GH E>;8C>58;

In scal ’&!’,

lion compared to a loss of )’" million in scal ’&!!. The differ -

Equity Investments recorded a loss of )#+( mil
ence year-over-year is due mainly to a sharply higher equity in -
vestment loss related to our share in NSN, which increased to

)%+! million in scal ’&!’ compared to a loss of )’*& million a

year earlier. NSN reported to Siemens that it took restructuring
charges and associated items totaling )!.&#( billion in scal

>&! up from )!#! million in the prior scal year. In scal ’&!’,

NSN started implementing its previously announced global re -
structuring program aimed at maintaining its long-term com -
petitiveness and improving pro tability. Equity investment loss

related to our share in EN declined to )’$ million in scal ’&!’
compared to )+" million a year earlier. Losses in both scal

years were partly offset by income from equity investments
related to our share in BSH. Furthermore, results from Equity
Investments in scal ’&!! bene ted from a )(& million gain on

the sale of our share in KMW. Results at Equity Investments are
expected to remain volatile in coming quarters.

!.$.#. <@45 !G4A; >2E6 >; (3<;)
Year ended September .B, % Change
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,,
Income before income taxes 479 428 12%
Total assets 17,405 14,602 19%

In scal ’&!’, SFS recorded a higher pro t (de ned as income
before income taxes) year-over-year. While both interest result
and operating expenses associated with SFS growth strategy

increased year-over-year, the current period was primarily af -
fected by a )%* million gain on the sale of a stake in Bangalore
International Airport Limited, a public-private partnership, re -
ducing SFS equity participation from +&% to ’"%. This gain was

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and
93 C.0 Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
partly offset by higher credit hits. The growth strategy at SFS
has led to a signi cant build-up in total assets, from )!+."&’ bil
lion at the end of scal ’&!! to )!%.+&# billion at the end of
scal ’&!’, including positiv —_e currency translation effects.
The following table provides further information on the capital
structure of SFS as of September $&, ’&!’ and ’&!!:

Year ended September .B,

(in millions of K) -B,- -B,,
Allocated equity 1,790 1,593
Total debt 14,558 12,075
therein intragroup nancing 14,510 12,066
therein debt from external sources 47 9
Debt to equity ratio 8.13 7.58
Cash and cash equivalents 116 178

Both Moody s and Standard
nance com pany. These rating agencies generally recognize
and accept higher levels of debt attributable to captive nance
subsidiaries in determining long-term and short-term credit
ratings.

The allocated equity for SFS is mainly determined and inu
enced by the size and quality of its portfolio of commercial
nance as well as project and structured nance assets (pri
marily loans and leases) and equity investments. This alloca
tion is designed to cover the risks of the underlying business
and is in line with common risk management standards. The
actual risk of the SFS portfolio is evaluated and controlled on a

regular basis. The allocated equity is calculated quarterly.

1.$.#.( 2>!15! 6464865 81

'15; 1 A6948>9 <@45 ! 4A; S48>C>58;
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements includes
Centrally managed portfolio activities, Siemens Real Estate
(SRE) and various categories of items which are not allocated
to the Sectors and to SFS because the Company
has determined that such items are not indicative of the Sectors
and SFS respective performance.

Centrally managed portfolio activities

Centrally managed portfolio activities reported a loss of )’(
million in scal ’&!’, compared to a loss of )+& million in scal
&ll.

129. C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C.,,
statement pursuant to — Section -34a of t_ he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.-

information and explanatory report

&Poors view SFS as a captive

s management

Siemens Real Estate

Income before income taxes at SRE was )!!# million in scal
>&!, compared to )!#& million in scal ’&!!. This decrease is
due in part to lower income related to the disposal of real es
tate. SRE expects to continue with real estate disposals de
pending on market conditions.

Corporate items and pensions
Corporate items and pensions totaled a negative )$&’ million
in scal ’&!’ compared to a negative )’#% million a year earlier.

The difference was due mainly to centrally carried pension ex
pense, which totaled a negative )+% million in scal ’&!’, com
pared to a positive )%# million in the prior year. The change is
due primarily to a negative effect resulting from a lower ex
pected return on plan assets and higher interest costs.

Corporate items were a negative )’## million in scal ’&!’
compared to a negative )$$! million in scal ’&!!. The amount
for scal ’&!’ bene ted from positive effects related to legal
and regulatory matters, compared to net expenses, including a
provision of regional risks of )(( million, related to such mat
ters in the prior year. In addition, scal ’&!’ includes an
amount of )!&$ million related to reimbursements to AtoS,
compared to )#$ million in the prior year. It also includes a net
gain of )!( million related to a major asset retirement obliga
tion, compared to a net loss of )’* million in scal ’&!!. The
prior year bene ted from management s allocation of )’"%
million of personnel-related costs related to special employee
remuneration, which had been accrued in Corporate items in
scal ’&!&. Within this amount, )’+& million was allocated to
the Sectors.

Eliminations, Corporate Treasury

and other reconciling items

In scal ’&!’, income before income taxes from Eliminations,
Corporate Treasury and other reconciling items was a positive
y’$ million, compared to a negative )(& million a year earlier.
The main factor of the improvement was Corporate Treasury
activities, due mainly to positive changes in the fair market
value of interest rate derivatives not qualifying for hedge
accounting used for interest rate management, partly offset
by negative currency effects relating to corporate nancing
activities.

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements
#.(.( Reconciliation t o adjusted EBITDA (continuing operations)

The following table gives additional information on topics in
cluded in Pro t and Income before income taxes and provides

a reconciliation to adjusted EBITDA based on continuing opera
tions. We report adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBITDA as a per
formance measure. The closest comparable GAAP gure under

| <12 8F> <6;!4A O>42; >59>9 ; >=8>C:>2 $+, #4" # 459 H+"

IFRS is Net income as reported in our Consolidated Statements

of Income. For further information regarding adjusted EBIT

and adjusted EBITDA, please see -> !."# 51 8>; 459 < 12@429-
All B653 ;848>C>S58; .

Profit’? Income (loss) from investments
accounted for using the equity
method, net
(in millions of K) -B,- -B,, -B,- -B,,
Sectors
Ener gy Sector 2,159 4,230 87 75
therein: Fossil Power Generation 1,933 2,837 41 33
Wind Power 304 357 6 (3)
Oil&Gas 218 467 —_—
Power Transmission (302) 566 25 35
Healt hcare Sector 1,815 1,334 8 9
therein: Diagnos tics 314 300 =
Indus try Sector 2,467 2,752 12 19
therein: Indus try Automation 1,335 1,411 2 8
Drive Technologies 970 1,158 10 7
Infrastructure &Cities Sector 1,102 1,126 25 18
therein: Transportation &Logistics 236 365 15 11
Power Grid Solutions &Products 457 413 9 7
Building Technologies 379 364 1 1
Total Sectors 7,543 9,442 133 121
Equity Investments (549) (26) (568) (44)
Financial Services (SFS) 479 428 168 92
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements
Centr ally managed portfolio activities (29) (40) 7 12
Siemens Real Es tate (SRE) 115 50 —
Corpor ate items and pensions (302) (257) —
Eliminations, Corpor ate Treasury and other reconciling items 23 (90) (5) 29
Siemens 7,279 9,608 (266) 210

1 Profit of the Sectors as well as of Equity Investments and Centrally managed portfolio
activities is earnings before financing interest, certain pension costs and income taxes.
Certain other items not considered performance indicative by Management may be
excluded. Profit of SFS and SRE is Income before income taxes. Profit of Siemens is
Income from continuing operations before income taxes. For a reconciliation of Income
from continuing operations before income taxes to Net income see
; 848>C>58; 1<@!1 C>.

> 9." 115; 1A6948>9

nN

Includes im pairments and reversals of impairments of investments accounted for using
the equity method.

3 Includes im pairment of non-current available-for-sale financial a
Financial income (expense), net comprises Interest income, Inter
financial income (expense), net as reported in the Consolidated Si

's. For Siemens,
xpense and Other
atements of Income.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.. Business and economic environment 95 C.1 Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C.- Financial performance measures 96 C.2  Subseq uent events
69 C.. Results of oper ations 97 C3 Sustainability
82 C./ Financial position 111 C4 Report on expected developments and
93 C.0 Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
Financial income Adjusted EBIT! Amortization Depreciation and Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA margin
(expense), net impairments of property,
plant and equipment
and goodwill 7
-B,- -B,, -B,- -B,, -B,- -B,, -B,- -B,, -B,- -B,, -B,- -B,,
39 827 2,033 3,327 97 60 426 343 2,557 3,730 9.3% 15.1%
67 823 1,825 1,981 21 5 142 125 1,988 2,121
(5) (3) 303 364 27 9 100 63 430 435
(4) (3) 222 470 38 26 71 63 330 560
(20) 10 (308) 520 ll 0 109 87 (187) 617
2 3 1,804 1,322 377 320 349 324 2,530 1,967 18.5% 15.7%
9 5 305 295 232 188 226 219 763 702
(15) (2) 2,469 2,735 268 249 323 309 3,060 3,292 14.9% 16.8%
(8) (1) 1,340 1,403 209 193 137 129 1,687 1,725
(6) (1) 966 1,152 48 45 172 163 1,187 1,360
29 (28) 1,048 1,136 112 115 165 163 1,324 1,414 7.5% 8.3%
(16) (7) 236 361 13 5 46 44 296 421
(4) (4) 452 409 39 41 71 71 562 521
(2) (1) 381 365 60 58 47 48 488 471
55 800 7,355 8,521 854 744 1,262 1,139 9,471 10,404
7 13 12 5 12 5
385 299 (73) 37 7 9 264 256 197 303
= = (36) (52) 2 4 (31) (44)
(112) (82) 227 232 2 325 271 553 504
29 94 (331) (350) 16 12 51 47 (264) (290)
137 10 (109) (129) = = (41) (50) (151) (179)
501 1,133 7,043 8,264 882 770 1,862 1,667 9,788 10,701

4 Adjusted EBIT is Income from continuing operations before income taxes less Financial
income (expense), net and Income (loss) from investments accounted for using the equity

method, net.

5 Amortization and impairments, net of reversals, of intangible assets other than goodwill.

129 C..B Compensation Report, Corporate Governance
Section -34a of the

statement pursuant to

German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

130 C..,

6

Depreciation and impairments of property, plant and equipment, net of reversals.

Includes impairments of goodwill of K — million in the current period and K — million

in the prior-year period, respectively.

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of

135. D.
239 «EL

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

134. C..-

German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking

statements
"

* + -/0/ *.01 234.5.3/

* +., Principles and objectives
of financial management

Siemens is committed to a strong nancial pro le, which pro
vides the nancial exibility to achieve growth and portfolio
optimization goals largely independent of capital market con
ditions.

Financial management at Siemens is executed according to
applicable la ws and internal guidelines and regulations. It in
cludes the following activities:

#.$.% U8) +, -/.01-1/+

Our principal source of nancing is cash in ows from operat
ing activities. Corporate Treasury generally manages cash and
cash equivalents for Siemens and has primary responsibility
for raising funds in the capital markets for Siemens through
various debt products, with the exception of countries with
con icting capital market controls. The relevant consolidated
subsidiaries in these countries obtain nancing primarily from
local banks. Siemens follows a prudent borrowing policy that
is aimed towards a balanced nancing portfolio, a diversi ed
maturity pro le and a comfortable liquidity cushion. On Sep
tember !", #"$#, Siemens held %$".&’$ billion in cash and cash
equivalents, mainly in euro, which were predominantly man
aged by Corporate Treasury. Especially since the beginning of
the global nancial markets crisis, Siemens monitors funding
options available in the capital markets, trends in the availabil
ity of funds and the cost of such funding very closely to evalu
ate possible strategies regarding its nancial and risk pro le.

Corporate Treasury enters into reverse repurchase agreements
with nancial institutions with investment grade credit rat
ings. Siemens holds securities as collateral under these agree
ments via a third party (Euroclear) and is permitted to sell or
re-pledge the securities. The extent to which Siemens engages

in transactions involving reverse repurchase agreements de
pends on its liquidity management needs and the availability

of cash and cash equivalents which varies from time to time.
For further information on reverse purchase agreements see

> /24+1347/ *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 &*41* 77//  #. &64+41-1/+6

1 A. To our Shareholders

#.$.%.8#.69 -./.01-1/+

Cash management comprises the management of bank part
ner relationships and bank accounts as well as the execution
of payments, including the administration of cash pools, on a
global level. Siemens strives to raise ef ciency and transparency
through a high level of standardization and continuous ad
vancement of payment processes. Where permissible, the exe
cution of intercompany and third party payments is effected
centrally through group-wide tools with central controls to en
sure compliance with internal and external guidelines and re
quirements. To ensure ef cient management of Siemens funds
Corporate Treasury has established a central cash manage
ment approach: to the extent legally and economically feasi
ble, funds are pooled and managed centrally by Corporate
Treasury. Conversely, funding needs within Siemens are cov
ered centrally by Corporate Treasury via intercompany current
accounts and /or loans wher e legally and economically feasible.

#$.%.37// #. &:76;-/.01-1/+

Investments of cash and cash equivalents are subject to credit
requirements and counterparty limits. Corporate Treasury
pools and centrally manages Siemens interest rate, certain
commodity and currency risk exposures and uses nancial de
rivative instruments in transactions with external nancial in
stitutions to offset such concentrated exposures. Especially
since the beginning of the global nancial market crisis,
Siemens monitors counterparty risk in its nancial assets and
nancial derivative instruments very closely. For more detailed
information about nancial risk management at Siemens see
> / 241 387/ *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 &*41*7//  #. &6441-1/+6

#.$.%.$- ./01-1/4+2 7<1/62/< &/ 71/10
Siemens funding policy for its pension funds is part of its over

all commitment to sound nancial management, which in
cludes a continuous analysis of the structure of its pension
liabilities. F or more detailed information about Siemens pen
sion plan funding see => #.$.$.3 7)/"'/0 2. 7 <1/6°2/ < &/6 ./*
6-’ &: #2--'+-1/+6

#.$.%.=#.<’+. &6+:) #4):1 -./.01-1/+

J # V4 47/0

To effectively manage its capital structure, Siemens seeks to
maintain ready access to the capital markets through various
debt products and to preserve its ability to repay and service its
debt obligations over time. For more detailed information
about Siemens capital structure, see below.

21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and
93 C.% Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
A key factor in maintaining a strong nancial pro le is our
credit rating which is affected by, among other factors, our

capital structure, pro tability, ability to generate cash ow,

geographic and product diversi cation as well as our competi -

tive market position. Our current corporate credit ratings from
s) and Standard &Poors
Ratings Services (S&P) are noted as follows:

Moody s Investors Service (Moody

Moody s S&P
Long-term debt Aa3 A+
Short-term debt P-1 A-1+

On June (, #"$# Moody
rating from A$ to Aa!. The rating classi cation Aa is the

s raised its long-term Siemens credit
second highest rating within Moody s debt ratings category.
The numerical modi er ! indicates a ranking in the lower end

of that rating category. At the same time Moody s revised its

outlook for our credit rating from positive to stable. The

Moody s rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely direc -
tion of an issuer s rating over the medium-term. Rating out -
looks of Moody s; fall into the following six categories: posi -

tive, negative, stable, developing, ratings under review

and no outlook. Moody _ s announced that the rating action
was prompted by the higher levels of pro tability and cash
ow leverage that the company has been able to achieve over
the past few years, and Moody s assessment that these levels
are likely to be sustainable through economic cycles, including

the current period of economic weakness in Europe.

Moody s rating for our short-term corporate credit and commer -

cial paper is P-$, the highest available rating in the prime rating

system, which assesses issuers ability to honor senior nancial

oblig ations and contracts. It applies to senior unsecured obliga -

tions with an original maturity of less than one year. On June (,
#"$# Moody s af rmed our P-$ short-term rating.

On November $), #"$#, S&P revised its outlook for Siemens
credit rating from positive to stable . At the same time, S&P
afrmed the A+ long-term corporate rating and the A-$+

short-term rating, which is the highest short-term rating with -

in the S&P s short-term rating scale.

The outlook revision to stable captures the contraction of op -

erating margin during scal #"$# as well as Siemens pursuit of

more shareholder friendly actions in the form of a share buy -

back and a revision of the shareholder distribution policy from
!"%-(""% payout range to )"%-*"% including share buybacks.
Within S&Ps long-term credit rating de nitions A has the

third highest long-term rating category. The modi er + indi
cates that our long-term debt ranks in the upper end of the A
category. A rating outlook indicates the potential direction of a
long-term credit rating over the medium-term. Rating outlooks
of S&P s fall into the following four categories: positive, neg
ative, stable and developing.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission granted Moody
and S&P the status of nationally recognized statistical rating or
ganizations (NRSROs). Siemens does not have any agreements
with other nationally recognized statistical rating organiza
tions to provide long-term and short-term credit ratings.

We believe that our high credit rating for our long-term debt
applied by Moody s and S&P s allows us to raise funds in the
capital markets with attractive conditions or to obtain exible
nancing from banks. A high credit rating generally leads to
lower credit spreads and therefore our rating also positively af
fects our funding costs. We expect no impact on our funding
costs as a consequence of the revised rating outlook by S&P on

November $), #"$#.

Security ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
securities. Credit ratings may be subject to revision or with
drawal by the rating agencies at any time and each rating
should be evaluated independently of any other rating.

* +.7. Capital structure

Given the favorable capital market conditions at the end of s
cal #"$#, Siemens announced in August #"$# that it would ad
just its capital structure through share buybacks amounting to
up to %! billion by December !", #"$#. The shares repurchased
may be used for the purposes of cancellation and reduction of
capital stock, issuance to employees, board members of af li
ated companies and members of the Managing Board as well
as to meet obligations arising under and in connection with
convertible bonds and warrant bonds. In scal #"$#, the Com
pany repurchased #! ,#"#,(""" treasury shares at a weighted av
erage share price of %+*.$). Additionally, the Managing Board
decided to cancel !!,#"!,)#$ treasury shares, which reduced
common stock from ’$) million shares to &&$ million shares.
After the end of scal #"$# Siemens repurchased additional
$),+)*,+&* treasury shares at a weighted average price of
%+&.$) and completed this share buyback program in Novem
ber #'"$#.

In September #"$#, Siemens issued %$.) billion and £$." billion
(%$.! billion) in xed-rate instruments, which were partly used
to nance this share buyback program.

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 Cl"

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
Considering the above mentioned transactions and the chang -
es in equity and debt described in > #=/ 1+ 66146 <26’+°2/,

the capital structure changed as follows:

a

(loss) from investments accounted for using the equity
me thod, net. For further information, see > #.3.3 : 1#2/ #&. -

+°2/4+2#2/62 K*A1* 77//  #. &6441-1/+6

a

Year ended September #6, % Change Year ended September #6,
(in millions of 8) "6!" "6!! (in millions of 8) "6!" "6!!
Total equity attributable to Short-term debt and current maturities
shareholders of Siemens AG 30,733 31,530 (3)% of long-term debt ° 3,826 3,660
As percentage of total capital 60% 64% Plus: Long-term debt © 16,880 14,280
Short-term debt and current Less: Cash and cash eq_uivalents (10,891) (12,468)
maturities of long-term debt 3,826 3,660 Less: Current available-for-sale nancial assets (524) (477)
Long-term debt 16,880 14,280 Net debt 9,292 4,995
Total debt 20,707 17,940 15% SES Debt" (14,558) (12,075)
As percentage of total capital 40% 36% Pension plans and similar commitments > 9,926 7,307
Total capital Credit guarantees 326 591
(total equity and total debt) 51,440 49,470 4% - -
: %6% nominal amount h_ ybrid bond ? (920) (883)
| ss: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment “ (1,670) (1,470)
Adjusted industrial net debt 2,396 (1,534)
We have commitments to sell or otherwise issue common : _ '
. ; . . Adjusted EBITDA (continuing operations) 9,788 10,701
shares in connection with established share-based compensa -
: " :
tion plans. In scal #"$#, commitments for share-based com - ‘Adjusted industrial net debt Jadjus ted EBITDA
pensation were ful Iled through treasury shares. In scal #"$!, (continuing operations) 0.24 (0.14)

we may again ful ll commitments for share-based compensa -
tion through treasury shares. Amongst other purposes men -
tioned above we may therefore repurchase additional treasury
shares in scal #"$!. For additional information with respect to
share-based compensation see > / 241 337/ *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/ -

62R*41* T// #. &6441-1/4+6

As part of our One Siemens framework for sustainable value
creation, Siemens decided to continue to use an indicator to

evaluate its capital structure. For further information, see
D#HB TI #. &<1:72:-./ #1 -1.6):16
this regard is maintenance of ready access to the capital mar

. A key consideration in

kets through various debt products and preservation of our
ability to repay and service our debt obligations over time.

Siemens set a capital structure target range of ".( —_—
ratio is de ned as the item Adjusted industrial net debt divid -
ed by the item Adjusted EBITDA (continuing operations). The
calculation of the item Adjusted industrial net debt is set

forth in the table below. Adjusted EBITDA (continuing opera -
tions) is de ned as adjusted earnings before income taxes

(EBIT) before amortization (de ned as amortization and im -
pairments, net of reversals, of intangible assets other than
goodwill) and depreciation and impairments of property,

plant and equipment and goodwill. Adjusted EBIT is de ned

as the line item Income from continuing operations before in -
come taxes less the line item Interest income, less the line

item Interest expense less the line item Other nancial in -
come (expense), net as well as less the line item Income

1 The item Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt as well as the
term debt included in total fair value he counting adjustments of
8!,&’6 million and 8!,$’6 million for the fiscal year ended September #6, "6!" and
"611, respectively

2 The adjus tment considers that both Moody s and S&P s view SFS as a captive finance
company. These rati ncies generally recognize and accept higher levels of debt
attributable to captive finance subsidiaries in determini redit ratings. Following
this concept, we exclude SFS Debt in order to derive an adjusted industrial net debt
which is not affected by SFS s financing activities.

3 Toreflect Siemens total pension liability, adjusted industrial net debt includes line
item Pension plans and similar commitments as presented in > *.3 #2/62 &¥*+1*
64+1-1/462 T7// #. &<26'4'2/.

4 The adjus tment for our hybrid bond considers the calculation of this financial ratio
applied by rating agencies to classify %6% of our hybrid bond as equity and %6% as
debt. T ignment reflects the characteristics of our hybrid bond such as a long
maturity date and subordination to all senior and debt obligations.

wn

Debt is generally reported with a value representing approxi the amount to

be repaid. However for debt designated in a hedgi relationship (fair value hedges),

this amount is adjusted by char in market value mainly due to changes in inter-

est ra cordingly we deduct these cha in market value in order to end

up wit amount of debt that approximately will be repaid. We believe this is a
more meaningful figure for the calculati ‘sented above. For further information
ssee > / 2+1 3% /24+16 +2 #2/62 &*41*7T// #.&

on fair value he
6+41-1/+6

* +.9 Cash flows

The following discussion presents an analysis of our cash

ows from operating, investing and nancing activities for s -
cal #"$# and #"$$ for both continuing and discontinued opera -
tions. Discontinued operations include primarily OSRAM and
Siemens IT Solutions and Services, which were classi ed as
discontinued operations during the second quarter of scal

#"$$, and the solar business, which was classi ed as discontin -
ued operations during the fourth quarter of scal #"$#.
Siemens IT Solutions and Services was sold to AtoS in the
fourth quarter of scal #"$$.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
L.#.69 7&B6

Continuing operations Discontinued operations Continuing and
discontinued operations
Year ended September #6, Year ended September #6, Year ended September #6,
(in millions of 8) "6!" "ol! "6!" "6!! "6!" "6l!
Net cash provided by (used in):
Operating activities 6,996 8,081 (24) (314) 6,972 7,767
Investing activities (5,034) (2,739) (650) (1,305) (5,685) (4,044)
therein: Additions to intangible assets and
property, plant and equipment (2,206) (2,163) (204) (454) (2,410) (2,617)
Free cash ow ° 4,790 5,918 (228) (768) 4,562 5,150
Financing activities (3,591) (7,062) 674 1,619 (2,916) (5,443)
1 The closes t comparable financial measure of Free cash flow under IFRS is Net cash operations is reported in > *.$ #2/62 &*4+1* 6+4+1-1/+62 7#.697 &B . Other
provided by (used in) operating activities. Net cash provided by (used in) operating companies that report Free cash flow may define and calculate this measure differently

activities from continuing operations as well as from continuing and discontinued

We report Free cash ow as a supplemental liquidity measure,

which is de ned as net cash provided by (used in) operating
activities less cash used for additions to intangible assets and
property, plant and equipment. We believe that the presenta -
tion of Free cash ow provides useful information to investors
because it gives an indication of the long-term cash-generat -
ing ability of our business and our ability to pay for discretion -
ary and non-discretionary expenditures not included in the
measure, such as dividends, debt repayment or acquisitions.

We also use Free cash ow to compare cash generation among

the segments of our business. Free cash ow should not be
considered in isolation or as an alternative to measures of cash

ow calculated in accordance with IFRS. For further informa -
tion about the usefulness and limitations of this measure, see

> #.%8 2416 /* 72: B 622;7/0 6+.+1-1/+6

Cash ows from operating activities — Continuing opera -
tions provided net cash of %*.’’* billion in scal #"$#, com -
pared to net cash provided of %&."&$ billion in the same period

a year earlier. In the current period income from continuing
operations was %(.$&) billion. Therein included were amortiza -
tion, depreciation and impairments of %#.+)) billion. A build-

up of operating net working capital reduced the cash in ows

by %".+ billion. The increase in operating net working capital

was due mainly to a decrease in billings in excess of costs and
estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts and related ad -
vances primarily in the Energy Sector due in part to lower or -
ders year-over-year. The current period also included cash out -
ows of approximately %".! billion related to the revaluation of

the commercial feasibility of Healthcare s particle therapy
business for general patient treatment as well as Healthcare s
Agenda #"$! initiative. In the prior-year period income from
continuing operations was %+.!+* billion. Therein included

were amortization, depreciation and impairments of %#.)!+
billion. Income from continuing operations also included the

Areva NP disposal gain of %$.(#" billion, partly offset by the
negative impact of %*&# million related to an adverse arbitra -

tion decision associated with Siemens decision to exit its nu -
clear power joint venture with Areva, which was deducted in

the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow within the line item
(Gains) losses on sales of investments, net. A build-up of oper -
ating net working capital in the prior-year period reduced cash

in ows near the level of scal #"$#.

Discontinued operations used net cash of %#) million in scal
#"$#, compared to net cash used of %!$) million in the prior-
year period. The largest factor of the decrease in cash out ows
year-over-year was lower cash out ows related to Siemens IT
Solutions and Services, which a year earlier included higher
payments in connection with the establishment of Siemens IT
Solutions and Services as a separate legal group, including for
carve-out activities and personnel-related matters.

Cash ows from investing activities — Net cash used in in
vesting activities for continuing operations amounted to
%(."!) billion in scal #"$# compared to net cash used of
%#.+\’ billion in the prior-year period. The increase in cash out -
ows from investing activities was due mainly to lower pro -
ceeds from sales of investments, intangibles and property,

plant and equipment of %$.!(( billion; to higher acquisitions,

net of cash acquired, of %$."$$ billion; and to the higher build-

up in receivables from nancing activities of %!$+ million relat -
ing to SFS s asset growth strategy. Proceeds of %+(! million in

the current period from the sales of investments, intangibles

and property, plant and equipment included the sale of our

#(% interest in OAO Power Machines, held by the Energy Sector.

In the prior-year period, proceeds from sales of investments,
intangibles and property, plant and equipment provided net

cash of %#.$"& billion. This total included proceeds from the

sale of investments of %$.(&+ billion, mainly related to the sale

of our Areva NP stake for %$.+ billion in the second quarter of

scal #"$$, subsequently reduced by %".+ billion in the third
quarter of scal #"$$ due to the arbitration decision mentioned

earlier, and the sale of our )’% minority stake in KMW. Cash

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 Cl"

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
in ows for the prior-year period also included higher proceeds

from real estate disposals at SRE. Acquisitions, net of cash ac -
quired, increased to %$.!$) billion from %!"! million in the pri -
or-year period, comprising several acquisitions of entities
within the Sectors to optimize our business portfolio, includ -
ing in the current period the acquisition of the Connectors and
Measurements Division of Expro Holdings UK ! Ltd. in the En -
ergy Sector as mentioned earlier. The aggregate consideration

of this acquisition, net of cash acquired, amounted to %)*$
million. In the current period, cash out ows for the purchase

of investments of %#!) million included the second install -
ment payment in connection with our equity investment in
A#SEA A/S, a supplier of installation services for the construc -
tion of offshore wind-farms. The equity investment is held by

the Energy Sector. For comparison, purchase of investments of

%+#) million in the prior-year period included cash out ows re -
lating mainly to %("" million in new equity, which we provid -
ed to NSN in exchange for preferred shares in order to further
strengthen NSN s_ nancial position and the rst installment
payment for our equity investment in A#SEA A/S.

Discontinued operations used net cash of %*(" million in scal

#"$#, compared to net cash used of %$.!"( billion in the prior-

year period. These lower cash out ows related primarily to
OSRAM, which a year earlier included payments related to the
acquisition of Siteco. While both periods included cash out -
ows of a mid triple-digit million % amount relating to Siemens

IT Solutions and Services, these cash out ows were higher in

scal #"$$.
Free cash ow from continuing operations decreased year-
over-year due primarily to cash ows from operating activities
as discussed above.

On a sequential basis Free cash ow during scal #"$# and s -
cal #"$$ developed as follows:

, 7:11 #.69 78@B (/:.11.3/43_ - 5) *
Q412 | 4,343 an
Q3 12 918 i
Q2 12 500 i
Ql 12 (971) Pe
Q4i1 | 3,462
Q311 | 1,028
Qu 393
Qiu | 1,035 —

1 Continuing operations.

1 A. To our Shareholders

Cash ows from nancing activities
tions used net cash of %!.(’$ billion in scal #"$#, compared to

net cash used of %+."*# billion in scal #"$$. The decrease in

net cash out ows in scal #"$# was due primarily to the pro -

— Continuing opera -

ceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of %(.$$! billion, in -
cluding the issuance of US$!." billion bonds with warrant

units in February #"$# as well as the issuance of %$.) billion

and £§." billion in xed-rate instruments in four tranches in
September #"$#. These cash in ows were partly offset by the
repayment of long-term debt of %!.#$& billion relating to the
redemption of %$.(( billion in (.#(%- xed-rate-instruments,

%" + billion in oating rate assignable loans, US$".( billion in

oating rate notes and US$".+( billion in (.(% notes. In scal

#"$# we recorded also cash out ows of %$.+#$ billion relating

to the repurchase of #!,#'"#,("" treasury shares at a weighted

average share price of %+*.$). For comparison, the prior-year
period included the redemption of %#." billion in (.+(% bonds,

a payment of %$." billion related to the binding offer to pur -
chase additional shares in order to increase our stake in our
publicly listed Indian subsidiary Siemens Ltd. and higher cash

out ows for nancing discontinued operations. Both periods
included cash out ows for dividends, which were %#.*#’ bil -
lion (for scal #"$$) in scal #"$# compared to %#.!(* billion

(for scal #"$") in scal #"$$.

* +.+ Capital resources and requirements
Our capital resources consist of a variety of short- and long-
term nancial instruments including, but not limited to, loans

from nancial institutions, commercial paper, notes and bonds

as well as credit facilities. In addition to cash and cash equiva -
lents and to available-for-sale nancial assets, liquid resources

consist of future cash ows from operating activities.

Our capital requirements include, among others, scheduled

debt service, regular capital spending, ongoing cash require
ments from operating and SFS nancing activities, including
higher cash out ows related to the growth strategy of SFS, div -
idend payments, pension plan funding, portfolio activities,

and cash out ows in connection with restructuring measures.

Total debt

Obligations under nance leases and Other nancial indebted -

comprises our Notes and bonds, Loans from banks,

ness such as commercial paper. Total debt comprises Short-
term debt and current maturities of long-term debt as well as
Long-term debt, as stated on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. Total liquidity refers to the liquid nancial
assets we had available at the respective end of the reporting
period to fund our business operations and pay for near-term

obligations. Total liquidity comprises Cash and cash equiva -

21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events

69 C.# Results of oper ations

82. C$ Financial position
93 C.% Net assets position

97 CL
lll C)

Sustainability
Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks
lents as well as current Available-for-sale nancial assets, as
stated on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
Net debt
ment uses the Net debt measure for internal corporate nance

results from total debt less total liquidity. Manage -

management, as well as for external communication with in -
vestors, analysts and rating agencies, and accordingly we be -
lieve that presentation of Net debt is useful for those con -
cerned. Net debt should not, however, be considered in isola -
tion or as an alternative to short-term debt and long-term debt
as presented in accordance with IFRS. For further information
about the usefulness and limitations of Net debt, see > #.%8
/ 2416 /* 72: B.*- &22;7/0 64+.41-1/+6

a

Year ended September #6,

(in millions of 8) "6!" "ol!
Short-term debt and current maturities
of long-term debt 3,826 3,660
Long-term debt 16,880 14,280
Total debt 20,707 17,940
Cash and cash equivalents (10,891) (12,468)
Available-for-sale nancial assets (current) (524) (477)
Total liquidity (11,415) (12,945)

Net debt © 9,292 4,995

1 We typically need a considerable portion of our cash and cash equivalents as well
as current available-for financial assets at any given time for purposes other

than debt reduction. The deduction of these items from total debt in the calcula-
tion of Net debt therefore should not be understood to mean that these items are

for debt reduction at any given time. Net debt comprises items
TTI #. &<26'4+72/

available exclusive
as statedon  -> *.3 #2/62 &*41* 6+441-1/+6 2

The changes in Net debt from scal #"$$ to #"$# may also be
presented as follows:

L#9./0167/ —/ 1+ *1E+(/:.11.3/43_ - 5)
6,259 9,292
697
° 5,034
49950
(7,693)

Net debt at Net cash Income and Net cash Changes Net debt at
September used in the other used in in certain September
#6, "6!! build-up of changes in investing financing #6, "6!"
operating net cash activities activities ~

net working provided by
capital © operating
activities
Total net cash provided
by operating activities
1 In fiscal "6!", net cash used in the build-up of operating net working capital included
net cash used in inventories less advance payments received of 8(% million, net cash
provided by trade and other receivables of 8!%’ million, net cash provided by trade

payables of 8!)’ million and net cash used in billings in excess of costs and in
estimated earnings on incompleted contracts and related advances of 8)&% million.

2 Continuing operations.
3 Included in f iscal "6!" primarily cash outflows related to dividends paid of totaling
8".°($ billion and to purchase of common stock of 8!.’"! billion.
129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130) Cl!

statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.\"
information and explanatory report

Commercial paper program — We have a US$’." billion
(%+." billion) global multi-currency commercial paper program

in place, which includes the ability to issue US$-denominated
extendible notes. In scal #"$# we issued commercial paper in
varying amounts to fund our ongoing short-term capital re -
quirements. Our issuances of commercial paper typically have

a maturity of less than ’" days. As of September !", #"$#, we

had no commercial paper outstanding. All commercial paper

issued in scal #"$# was completely repaid within the year.

Notes and bonds | — We have a program for the issuance of
debt instruments (debt issuance program, formerly called me -
dium-term note program) of %$(." billion in place which we
update on a regular basis. The last update was made in May

#"$#. Under this program, we issued the following instru -
ments:

> In Sep tember #"$#, we issued %$.) billion and £$." billion in
xed-rate instruments in four tranches comprising %)""
million in ".!+(% instruments due in September #"$), %$."
billion in $.("% instruments due in March #"#", £!(" mil -
lion in #.+(% instruments due in September #"#( and £*("
million in !.+(% instruments due in September #")#.

> In February #"$#, we issued US$)"" million in oating rate
notes (three months London Interbank Offered Rate + $.)"%)
due in February #"$’.

> In February #""’, we issued %)." billion in xed-rate instru -
ments in two tranches comprising %#." billion in ).$#(% in -
struments due in February #"$! and %#." billion in (.$#(%
instruments due in February #"$+.

> In June #'""&, w e issued %!.) billion in xed-rate instru -
ments in three tranches, comprising: %$.# billion in (.4(% in -
struments due in December #"$$, which were redeemed at
face value on their maturity date; %$." billion in (.!+(% in -
struments due in June #"$) and %$.# billion in (.*#(% instru -
ments due in June #"$&.

> In August #""&, we increased two tranches of the %!.) bil -
lion xed-rate instruments by %+(" million, including %!("
million in (.#(% instruments due in December #"$$, which
were redeemed at face value on their maturity date and
%)'"" million in (.*#(% instruments due in June #"$&.

> In March #'""*, we issued US$$." billion in notes in two
tranches comprising US$(""" million in oating rate notes
(three months London Interbank Offered Rate + ".$(%) due
in March #"$#, which were redeemed at face value on their
maturity date and US$("" million in (.*#(% notes due in
March #"$*,

The nominal amount outstanding under the debt issuance pro -
gram was %’.’ billion as of September !", #"$#.

135. D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements
In February #"$#, Siemens issued US$ bonds with warrant
units in an aggregate principal amount of US$!." billion in two
tranches. The bonds due in August #"$+ have a volume of
US$$.( billion and a coupon of notional $."(% per annum; the
bonds due in August #"$’ have a volume of US$$.( billion and
a coupon of notional $.*(% per annum. The exercise price of
the warrants was xed at $!+.(% of the reference price. On
that basis, the exercise price amounts to %$").""$& per share.
At issuance, one warrant will entitle its holder to receive
$,&"*.$)’* Siemens AG shares. The warrants result in option
rights relating to a total of about #$.+ million Siemens AG
shares. The equivalent amount of these bonds outstanding as
of September !", #"$# was %#.! billion.

In September #'""*, we issued a subordinated hybrid bond in two

oun

tranches, a euro tranche of %’"" million in (.4(% notes and a
British pound tranche of £+(" million in *.$#(% notes, both
tranches with a nal legal maturity in September #"**. The com
pany has a call option after ten years or thereafter. If the bond is
not called, both tranches will become oating rate notes accord
ing to the conditions of the bond. The total nominal amount of

our hybrid bond as of September !", #"$# was %$.& billion.

In August #""*, we issued notes totaling US$(." billion. These
notes were issued in four tranches comprising: US$+(" million
in oating rate notes (three months London Interbank Offered
Rate + "."(%) due in August #""’, which were redeemed at
face value at their maturity date; US$+(" million in (.(% notes
due in February #"$#, which were redeemed at face value on
their maturity date; US$$.+(" billion in (.+(% notes due in Oc
tober #"$* and US$$.+(" billion in *.$#(% notes due in August
#"#*. We may redeem, at any time, all or some of the xed rate
notes at the early redemption amount (call) according to the
conditions of the notes. The nominal amount of these notes
outstanding as of September !", #"$# was %#.+ billion.

Assignable loans
assignable loans with an aggregate amount of %$.$ billion:

— In June #""&, we issued four tranches of

%!+" million in oating rate notes (six months European Inter
bank Offered Rate + ".((%) and %$$!.( million in (.#&!% notes,
both maturing in June #"$! and %#&!.( million in oating rate
notes (six months European Interbank Offered Rate + ".+%)
and %!!! million in (.)!(% notes, both maturing in June #"$(.

Both oating rate tranches were called in August #"$$ and re
deemed in December #'$$ at face value.

Credit facilities | — We have three credit facilities at our dispos
al for general corporate purposes. Our credit facilities as of
September !", #"$#, consisted of %+.( billion in committed
lines of credit. These facilities included:

1 A. To our Shareholders

> a %)." billion undr awn syndicated multi-currency revolving
credit facility provided by a syndicate of international banks
with a ( year tenor and two one-year extension options,
which was signed in April #'"$#. It replaced a USS(." billion
syndicated multi-currency revolving credit facility, which ex-
pired in March #'"$#;

> a%)(" million bilat eral undrawn revolving credit facility pro
vided by a domestic bank expired in September #'$#. This
credit facility has been extended to September #'"$!;

> a US$)." billion syndicat
piring August #"$! provided by a syndicate of international
banks. This facility comprised a US$$." billion (%".& billion)
term loan which was drawn in January #'""+ and is due in
August #"$! as well as an undrawn US$!." billion (%#.! bil
lion) revolving tranche.

ed multi-currency credit facility ex

As of Sep tember !", #"$#, %*.& billion of these lines of credit
remained unused.

The maturity pro le of the loans, notes and bonds described
above is presented below:

&2./6, /2+16 ./* E2/*6 -4)2+, <:2 TS
(/3:./01 0:3</54 3<5450/=./> ./ ?.11.3/4 3 -3)
| 29
2.2!
1
14 1.6 15 14 18
18! 1.0
ul
a | | |_|
2013 12014 ROIS 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2025 2026! 2042 12066
1 The matur ity of the hybrid bond depends on the exercise of a call option: the
bond is callable by us in September "6!& and thereafter, with a final legal maturity
ending in September "6&&.
2 We may redeem, at any time, all or some of US$-notes, issued in August "66&,
at the early redemption amount (call) according to the conditions of the notes.

As mentioned above Siemens AG maintains two lines of credit
of %) billion and of US$) billion,
of credit provide its lenders with
event that ($) Siemens AG
company or (#) a person or a group of persons acting in con

respectively. These two lines
a right of termination in the

cert acquires control over Siemens AG by being able to exer
cise decisive in uence over its activities (Art.
Regulation (EC) $!’/#"")). In addition, Siemens AG has a bilat
eral credit line at its disposal in the amount of %)(" million as
mentioned above which may be terminated by the lender if
major changes in Siemens AG s corporate legal situation occur
that jeopardize the orderly repayment of the credit.

21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events

69 C.# Results of oper ations
82. C$ Financial position
93 C.% Net assets position

97 C. Sustainability
111 C.) Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks

becomes a subsidiary of another

! (#) of Council
None of our credit facilities contains a material adverse change
provision of the type often found in facilities of such nature
and none of our global commercial paper and debt issuance
programs nor our credit facilities contain speci c nancial cov
enants such as rating triggers or interest coverage, leverage or
capitalization ratios that could trigger remedies, such as accel-
eration of repayment or additional collateral.

Further information about our bonds and the other compo
nents of our debt as well as about the use of nancial instru
ments for hedging purposes is provided in
7 *.5 1241642 42/62 &*4+1* 7//  #. &6441-1/+6
Investing activities in intangible assets and property,
plant and equipment — Additions to intangible assets and
property, plant and equipment from continuing operations in
creased from %#.$*! billion in the prior year to %#.#"* billion in
scal #"$#. The majority of the additions, %$.*$’ billion, took
place in the Sectors. The remaining portion, %(&+ million relat

ed mainly to SRE associated with SRE s responsibility for uni
form and comprehensive management of real estate of our
company worldwide.

We directed signi cant portions of our additions to intangible as

sets and property, plant and equipment in scal #"$# to expand
capacities in strategic growth markets, particularly including
emerging markets; to safeguard or enhance market share; and

to secure leadership or competitiveness in technology-driven

s additions totaled %(!# million. They
included extension of capacities and facilities such as for the

growth markets. Energy

technology-driven wind power market, particularly in Europe,
as well as improvement and expansion of market presence in
Brazil, Russia, India and China (BRIC countries) at Power Trans
mission. Considerable amounts at Energy were also used at Fos
sil Power Generation, including for the rationalization of pro
duction processes with regard to technical equipment and ma
chines. Healthcare additions totaled %!() million in scal #"$#,
including additions to intangibles such as licenses as well as
developing and implementing software and IT solutions, main
ly relating to the medical imaging, therapy systems and labora
tory diagnostics businesses. Industry spent a large portion of its
additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equip
ment of %))# million for the replacement of products and ramp
ing up capacities, particularly at Industry Automation in China,
and implementing additional productivity measures, particular
ly at Drive Technologies. Infrastructure &Cities spent the largest
amount of its additions of %#°" million at the Power Grid Solu
tions &Products business, mainly for investments in innovations

at Low and Medium Voltage. The Sector also invested signi
cant amounts for strengthening its regional footprint in emerg

ing markets and its position in fast-growing market segments.

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 Cll
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 Cl"

information and explanatory report

> / 2416 88 ./* 3%

The changes of additions to intangible assets and property,
plant and equipment from scal #"$$ to #"$# are as follows:

42/6 +42 /4/0E 8 66146 /* <:2<1:4,
| <8 10" <-1/+ (J: 113/43 -;)

Siemens (continuing operations)
FY 2012 | 2,206 ST
2%
FY 2011 2,163 | | | | | |
Energy Sector
FY 2012 532 —
(9)%
FY 2011 587 i
Healthcare Sector
FY 2012 354 i
25%
FY 2011 284
Industry Sector
FY 2012 442 —
(2)%
FY 2011 451 '
Infrastructure &Cities Sector
FY 2012 290 i
10%
FY 2011 264

For continuing operations the ratio of the items Additions to
intangibles assets and property, plant and equipment and Ad -
ditions to assets held for rental in operating leases to deprecia -
tion and impairments of property, plant and equipment, net of
reversals of impairments as well as amortization and impair -
ments, net of reversals of impairments, of intangible assets

other than goodwill was ’)% for scal #"$#.

Dividend — Atthe Annual Shareholders Meeting scheduled for
Januar y #!, #"$!, the Managing Board, in agreement with the
Supervisory Board, will submit the following proposal to allo -

cate the unappropriated net income of Siemens AG for the s
cal year ended September !", #"$#: distribution of a dividend of
%!."" on each no-par value share entitled to the dividend for
scal year #"$# existing at the date of the Annual Shareholders
Meeting, which in the aggregate amounts to an at present ex -
pected total distribution of approximately %#.( billion.

Other capital requirements — As expected, the current scal
year included signi cant cash out ows relating to the divest -
ment of Siemens IT Solutions and Services in scal #"$$. We
expect that this divestment will occasion further signi cant

cash out ows in future periods that might reach a remaining

mid triple-digit million % amount in total.

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements
FG

As mentioned earlier, Siemens announced in August #"$# that

it would adjust its capital structure through share buybacks
amounting to up to %! billion by December !", #"$#. In scal

#"$# we recorded cash out ows of %$.+#$ billion relating to the
repurchase of #!,#'#,(""" treasury shares at a weighted aver -
age share price of %+*.$). After the end of the scal #"$# we re -
corded additional cash out ows of %$.# billion relating to the

share buyback program.

Other capital requirements also include expected signi cant

cash out ows in coming quarters relating to charges for pro -
gram-related productivity measures in Sectors in connection

with Siemens #"$), a company-wide program supporting our

One Siemens framework for sustainable value creation.

With our ability to generate positive operating cash ows, our
total liquidity of %$$.)$( billion and our %*.& billion in undrawn
lines of credit and given our credit ratings at year-end we be

lieve that we have suf cient exibility to fund our capital re -
quirements including scheduled debt service, regular capital
spending, ongoing cash requirements from operating and SFS
nancing activities, dividend payments, pension plan funding
and portfolio activities. Also in our opinion, our working capi -

tal is suf cient for the Company S present requirements.

#.$.$.% #2/+:. #4). &2E&0.+'2/6

In the ordinary course of business, Siemens primary contrac -
tual obligations regarding cash relate to debt, purchase obliga -
tions and operating leases.

The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as
of September !", #"$# that will result in future cash out ows:

L <- 1/46 *)1 E, <1:2°2*

Total | Less than !—# $— % After
(in millions of 8) ! year years years % years
Debt 20,707 3,826 1,940 7,325 7,615
Purchase
obligations 20,519 14,097 3,256 1,650 1,515
Operating leases 3,167 812 1,043 543 7710
Total contractual
obligations 44,392 18,735 6,239 9,519 9,899

Debt —As of September !", #"$#, Siemens had %#".+"+ billion

of short- and long-term debt, of which %!.&#* billion will be -
come due within the next twelve months. Short-term debt in -
cludes current maturities of long-term debt, as well as loans

from banks coming due within the next twelve months. Fur -
ther information about the components of debt is given in

> / 241 88°/ *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 R*4+l* 7//  #’. K6441-1/+6

Debt for Siemens as of September !", #"$# consisted of the
following:

(in millions of 8) Short-term Long-term Total
Notes and bonds 2,018 16,194 18,212
Loans from banks 1,505 449 1,954
Other nancial indebtedness 270 110 380
Obligations under nance leases 33 128 161
Total debt 3,826 16,880 20,707

Purchase obligations — Purchase obligations include agree
ments to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and
legally binding and which specify all of the following items: ($)
xed or minimum quantities, (#) xed, minimum or variable
price provisions and (!) approximate timing of the transaction.

As of September !", #"$#, Siemens had %#".($’ billion in pur -
chase obligations. These purchase obligations primarily relat -
ed to agreements of our Sectors on the purchase of goods such

as property plant and equipment, intangible assets, raw mate -
rials and supplies or to the purchase of services such as advertis -
ing or maintenance. These purchase obligations have not been
recognized as liabilities or expenses as of September !", #'"$#.

In December #"$", Siemens and AtoS signed an option agree -
ment (written call option) which granted AtoS the right to ac -
quire Siemens IT Solutions and Services. Closing of the trans -
action was on July $, #"$$. Related to the transaction is a sev -
en-year outsourcing contract worth around %(.( billion, under

which AtoS will provide managed services and system integra -
tion to Siemens. The expected remaining cash out ows from

the outsourcing contract are included in these purchase obli -
gations. For further information on that transaction see

> 1/241 $7/ *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 KS*41* 7//  #. &6+41-1/4+6
Operating leases — As of September !", #"$#, Siemens had
a total of %!.$*+ billion in total future payment obligations
under non-cancelable oper _ ating leases, mainly relating to SRE
activities.

Other

related to certain items of property, plant and equipment. Such

— Siemens is subject to asset retirement obligations

asset retirement obligations are primarily attributable to envi -
ronmental clean-up costs related to remediation and environ -
mental protection, which amounted to %$.##) billion as of

Sep tember !", #"$#, and costs primarily associated with the re -
moval of leasehold improvements at the end of the lease term

of %(& million as of September !", #"$#. The environmental
clean-up costs related to remediation and environmental

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events

69 C.# Results of oper ations

82. C$ Financial position
93 C.% Net assets position

97 CL
lll C)

Sustainability
Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks
protection liabilities have been accrued based on the estimat -
ed costs of decommissioning facilities for the production of
uranium and mixed-oxide fuel elements in Hanau, Germany
(Hanau facilities), as well as a nuclear research and service
center in Karlstein, Germany (Karlstein facilities). For addition -
al information with respect to asset retirement obligations, see

> / 241 8$7/ *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 &*41* 77/./  #. &6441-1/+6

Our liquidity may be adversely affected in future periods by
regular or special contributions to fund our pension plans and

similar commitments. As of September !", #"$#, our liability

for pension plans and similar commitments as recognized in

the Consolidated Statements of Financial Positions amounted

to %’.’#* billion. However, the recognized liability may uctu -
ate signi cantly in future periods due to changes in assump -
tions, in particular the discount rate, rate of future compensa -
tion increases and pension progression. Actual developments

may differ from assumptions due to changing market, eco -
nomic and governmental regulatory conditions, thereby re -
sulting in an increase or decrease of the liability. Employer
contributions expected to be paid to the funded pension plans

during scal #"$! are %*#( million, including contributions

due to contractual and legal obligations of approximately %".!

billion. Additional contributions to our pension bene t plans

may be made or contractually agreed at the discretion of our
management after the end of the reporting period. In scal

#"'”, Siemens reached an agreement with the trustees of cer -
tain pension plans in the U.K., which may lead to contractually

agreed contributions of up to approximately %".& billion in com -
ing years. For additional information regarding contributions to

the fund our pension plans and similar commitments see

> / 241 837/ *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 K*+1* 77/./  #. &6+4+1-1/+6

For further information with respect to contractual obligations
see > /2+1387/ *.5/ 24+164+2#2/62 &*4+1*7// — #. &64+41-1/+6

#.$.$.8 277-E. & / #1 6911+ .::./01-1/+6

Guarantees

— Siemens guarantees are principally credit guar
ant ees and guarantees of third-party performance. As of Sep -
tember !", #"$#, the undiscounted maximum amount of poten -
tial future payments for guarantees was %&.#"( billion, includ -
ing guarantees relating to discontinued operations. Credit guar -
antees cover the nancial obligations of third-parties in cases
where Siemens is the vendor and /or contr actual partner. In ad -
dition, Siemens provides credit guarantees generally as credit-
line guarantees with variable utilization to joint ventures and

associated and other companies accounted for using the equity

method. Total credit guarantees were %*!( million as of Sep
tember !", #"$#. Furthermore, Siemens issues guarantees of
third-party performance, which include performance bonds
and guarantees of advanced payments in cases where Siemens

is the general or subsidiary partner in a consortium. In the
event of non-ful Ilment of contractual obligations by the con -
sortium partner(s), Siemens will be required to pay up to an
agreed-upon maximum amount. Guarantees of third-party per -
formance amounted to %$.(** billion as of September !", #"$#.

In scal #""+, The Federal Republic of Germany commissioned
a consortium consisting of Siemens and IBM Deutschland GmbH
(IBM) to modernize and operate the non-military information
and communications technology of the German Federal Armed
Forces (Bundeswehr). This project is called HERKULES. A proj -
ect company, BWI Informationstechnik GmbH (BWI),
vide the services required by the terms of the contract.

will pro -

Siemens is a shareholder in the project company. The total
contract value amounts to a maximum of approximately %* bil -
lion. In connection with the consortium and execution of the
contract between BWI and the Federal Republic of Germany in
December #'""*, Siemens issued several guarantees legally

and economically connected to each other in favor of the Fed -
eral Republic of Germany and of the consortium member IBM.

The guarantees ensure that BWI has suf cient resources to
provide the required services and to ful Il its contractual obli -
gations. Total future payments potentially required by Siemens
amounted to %#.#’ billion as of September !", #"$# and will be
reduced by approximately %)"" million per year over the re -
maining ve-year contract period as of September !", #"$#.

Yearly payments under these guarantees are limited to %)""
million plus, if applicable, a maximum of %’" million in un -
used guarantees carried forward from the prior year.

Other guarantees amounted to %!.+$) billion as of September

!", #"$# and included indemni cations issued in connection

with dispositions of business entities. Such indemni cations,

if customary to the relevant transactions, may protect the buy -
er from potential tax, legal and other risks in conjunction with

the purchased business entity. Indemni cations primarily re -
late to NSN, disposed of in scal #""+, EN, disposed of in scal

#'"&, and to Siemens IT Solutions and Services, disposed of in

scal #"$$. In the event that it becomes probable that Siemens

will be required to satisfy these guarantees, provisions are es -
tablished. Such provisions are established in addition to the
liabilities r ecognized for the non-contingent component of the
guarantees.

Capital commitments — As of September !", #"$#, the Com -
pany had commitments to make capital contributions to vari -
ous companies of %#$$ million.

For additional information with respect to guarantees and our
other commitments, see > /2+1 8H’/ *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 &*4+1*

Tl #, &6++1-1/+6

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 Cl"

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements

F@
F"

#.$.$.3 7)/’/02 7<1/6'2/< & /6

SFO & 1 #2--+-1/46

As of September !", #'$#, the combined funded status of
Siemens pension plans showed an underfunding of %’." bil
lion, compared to an underfunding of %*.# billion as of Sep
tember !", #"$$. A signi cant increase in Siemens de ned
bene t obligation (DBO) was only partly offset by an increase
in the fair value of Siemens funded pension plan assets.

The DBO of Siemens pension plans, which takes into account
future compensation and pension increases, amounted to
%!!." billion on September !", #"$#, an increase of %(.’ billion
from the DBO at the end of the prior scal year. The DBO in
creased primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate for do
mestic pension plans and almost all our foreign pension plans.

The fair value of Siemens funded pension plan assets as of
September !", #"$#, was %#).$ billion, compared to %#$." bil
lion at the end of the prior scal year. The increase was mainly
due to the actual return on plan assets, which for scal #"$#
amounted to %!.# billion, resulting from both xed income and
equity investments. This represents a $(.*% actual return. For
comparison, the expected return recognized through pro t or
loss for scal #"$# amounted to %$.! billion, which corresponds
to *.!%.

TIFL* 6+4)62 76°1-1/6 <1/6°2/< &/6
| (/2.11.3/43 - 3) *

September 30, "6!" (9.0)

September 30, "6!! (6.2)

1 Continuing operations.

The funding policy for our pension plans is part of our overall
commitment to sound nancial management, which also in
cludes ongoing analysis of the structure of its pension liabili
ties. To balance return and risk, we have developed a pension
bene t risk management concept. We have identi ed that the
prime risk is a decline in the plans funded status as a result of
the adverse development of plan assets and /or de ned bene t
obligations. The prime risk quanti es the expected maximum
decline in the plans funded status for a given con dence level

over a given time horizon. We monitor our investments and our

1 A. To our Shareholders

de ned bene t obligations in order to measure such prime risk.
A risk budget on the Group level forms the basis for determining
of our investment strategy, i.e. the strategic allocation of plan
assets among asset classes and the degree of hedging for inter
est rate risk. We regularly review both our risk budget and in
vestment strategy with external experts from the international
asset management and insurance industry to afford an integrat
ed view of pension assets and pension liabilities. We select asset
managers based on our quantitative and qualitative analysis,
and then continually monitor their performance and risk both
on a stand-alone basis, and in the broader portfolio context. We
review the asset allocation of each plan in light of the duration
of the related pension liabilities and analyze trends and events
that may adversely affect asset values, so that we can initiate
appropriate countermeasures at a very early stage.

We also regularly review the design of our pension plans. His
torically, the majority of our pension plans have included sig
ni cant de ned bene ts. However, in order to reduce exposure

to certain risks associated with de ned bene t plans, such as
longevity, in ation, effects of compensation increases and oth
er factors, we implemented new pension plans during the last
several years in some of our important regional companies in
cluding those for Germany, the U.S. and the U.K. The bene ts
of these new plans are based predominantly on the contribu
tions we make. They are still affected by longevity, in ation ad
justments and compensation increases, but only to a minor ex
tent. We expect to continue evaluating the need to implement
similar plan designs in coming years, to better control future
bene t obligations and related costs.

The combined funded status of Siemens predominantly un
funded other post-employment bene t plans amounted to an
underfunding of %".+ billion as of September !", #"$#, com
pared to an underfunding of %".& billion at the end of the prior
scal year. The underfunding decreased mainly due to a plan
change of the main health care plan in the U.S. The group in
surance program for a de ned group of Siemens retirees is re
placed by individual healthcare agreements between the af
fected bene ciaries and healthcare insurance providers, result
ing in a one-time reduction of current and future contributions.

For more information on Siemens pension plans, see >/
1 *.5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 &*4+1* 7//  #. &6441-1/+6

21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and
93 C.% Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
* @/ SN 0444543 4.5.3/

During scal #"$#, total assets increased to %$"&.#&# billion, up

from %$").#)! billion the year before. Our total assets in scal

#"$# were in uenced by positive currency translation effects

of %#.*)) billion due mainly to the US$. Within total assets of
%$" & #&# billion, total assets related to SFS increased to %$+.)"(
billion as of September !", #"$# from %$).*"# billion a year ear -
lier, driven by the growth strategy at SFS. These amounts re -
presented $*% of Siemens total assets in scal #"$#, compared

to $)% in the prior year. Total current assets were )&% in scal

#"$#, compared to ("% in the prior year.

The following table shows current assets at the respective
balance shee t dates:

Year ended September #6,

(in millions of 8) "ol" "ol!
Cash and cash equivalents 10,891 12,468
Available-for-sale nancial assets 524 477
Trade and other receivables 15,220 14,847
Other current nancial assets 2,901 2,628
Inventories 15,679 15,143
Income tax receivables 836 798
Other current assets 1,277 1,264
Assets classi ed as held for disposal 4,800 4,917

Total current assets 52,129 52,542

Cash and cash equivalents totaled %$".&’$ billion as of Septem -
ber !", #"$#. The decrease of %$.(++ billion from the prior-year

level was mainly due to net cash provided by operating activi -
ties of %*.’+# billion, more than offset by net cash used in in -
vesting activities of %(.*&( billion and net cash used in nanc -
ing activities of %#.’$* billion in scal #"$#. For detailed infor -
mation, see — #.$.3#4.69 7&B6.

The growth strategy at SFS was the primary factor in the in -
crease year-over-year of %!+! million in the line item Trade and

other receivables and the increase of %#+! million in the line

item Other current nancial assets.

The increase of %(!* million year-over-year in the line item
Inventories was due primarily to higher inventories in Total
Sectors. This factor was most notable in the Energy Sector driv -
en by higher nished goods and products held for resale and in

the Infrastructure &Cities Sect or driven by an increase in costs

and earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts.

Assets classi ed as held for disposal decreased to %).&"" bil -
lion as of September !", #"$# compared to %).’$+ billion a year

earlier. The decline year-over-year was due primarily to lower
assets at OSRAM and the sale of our #(% interest in OAO Power
Machines partly offset by an increase in assets relating to the

solar business, which was classied as discontinued opera -
tions during the fourth quarter of scal #"$#.

Long-term assets at the respective balance sheet dates were as

follows:
Year ended September #6,

(in millions of 8) "ol" "ol!
Goodwill 17,069 15,706
Other intangible assets 4,595 4,444
Property, plant and equipment 10,763 10,477
Investments accounted for using

the equity method 4,436 4,966
Other nancial assets 14,666 12,126
Deferred tax assets 3,777 3,206
Other assets 846 776

Total long-term assets 56,153 51,701

Goodwill increased to %$+."*’ billion as of September !", #"S#
compared to %$(.+"* billion a year earlier. The increase in
goodwill was due mainly to acquisitions and purchase ac -
counting adjustments and to a lesser extent to currency trans -
lation differences. Acquisitions and purchase accounting ad -
justments included the acquisition of the Connectors and
Measurements Division of Expro Holdings UK ! Ltd in the
Ener gy Sector, RuggedCom Inc. in the Industry Sector, the
NEM B.V. business in the Energy Sector and eMeter Corpora -
tion in the Infrastructure  &Cities Sect or.

For information on additions to other intangible assets and
property, plant and equipment see > #$.$ #<°+. &:162): #16
J 107: 1-1/4+6

Investments accounted for using the equity method decreased
year-over-year by %(!" million. The main factor was a sharply
higher equity investment loss related to our share in NSN year-
over-year.

The line item Other nancial assets increased to %$).*** bil -
lion as of September !", #"$# compared to %$#.$#* billion a

year earlier. The change was due primarily to higher loan re -
ceivables driven by the growth strategy at SFS, an increase in

the non-current portion of the fair market values of nancial
derivatives used for our hedging activities and an increase in

the market value of our shares in AtoS.

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129 C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 Cl"

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements

F>
F?

The table below shows our current and long-term liabilities at
the respective balance sheet dates:

Year ended September #6,

(in millions of 8) "ol" "ol!
Short-term debt and current
maturities of long-term debt 3,826 3,660
Trade payables 8,036 7,677
Other current nancial liabilities 1,460 2,247
Current provisions 4,750 5,168
Income tax payables 2,204 2,032
Other current liabilities 20,306 21,020
Liabilities associated with assets
classi ed as held for disposal 2,054 1,756
Total current liabilities 42,637 43,560
Long-term debt 16,880 14,280
Pension plans and similar commitments 9,926 7,307
Deferred tax liabilities 494 595
Provisions 3,908 3,654
Other nancial liabilities 1,083 824
Other liabilities 2,052 1,867
Total long-term liabilities 34,344 28,527

Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt in -

creased by %$** million compared to the end of the prior scal
year. The main factor of the increase were the reclassi cations
of %#." billion in ).$#(% instruments, due in February #"$!,
and of US$$." billion term loan, due in August #"$!, which was
largely offset by redemptions, including %$.(( billion in (.#(%
xed-rate instruments, %".+ billion in oating-rate assignable
loans, US$".( billion in oating-rate notes and US$".+( billion
in (.(% notes.

Trade payables increased to %&."!* billion as of September !",
#"$# compared to %+.*++ billion a year earlier. The main factor
in the increase was higher trade payables in the Energy Sector.

The decrease in the line item Other current nancial liabilities to
%$.)*" billion as of September !", #"$# from %#.#)+ billion in
the prior-year is due mainly to a decrease in the current por tion
of the fair market values of nancial derivatives used for our
hedging activities and a decrease in miscellaneous liabilities,

including liabilities relating to purchase price ad —justments as

1 A. To our Shareholders

well as purchase-price-related commitments in connection with
the divestment of Siemens IT Solutions and Services.

Current provisions declined by %)$& million compared to the
prior year, which included substantial provisions related to
particle therapy contracts in the Healthcare Sector and the
divestment of Siemens IT Solutions and Services. Fiscal #"$#
included an increase in provisions in the Energy Sector, pri -
marily related to off-shore grid connection projects.

Other current liabilities decreased by %+$) million compared to

the prior year-end. The main factor was lower billings in ex -
cess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted con -
tracts and related advances particularly in the Energy Sector.

Liabilities associated with assets classi ed as held for disposal
increased to %#."() billion as of September !", #"$# from
%$.+(* billion in the prior year. The change year-over-year was

due primarily to higher liabilities at OSRAM and the solar busi -
ness, following its classi cation as discontinued operations as
mentioned above.

Long-term debt increased by %#.*"$ billion due mainly to the
issuance of US$!." billion bonds with warrant units and the is -
suance of %$.) billion and £$." billion in xed-rate instruments

in four tranches. These issuances were partly offset by the
above-mentioned reclassi cation in the line item Short-term

debt and current maturities of long-term debt.

The line item Pension plans and similar commitments in -
creased by %#.*$’ billion as of September !", #"$#, re ecting

the increase in the underfunding of the funded status of
Siemens pension plans as of September !", #"$# to %’." bil -
lion, compared to %*.# billion a year earlier.

The increase in the line item Provisions of %#() million year-
over-year related primarily to an increase in the Energy Sector
including provisions arising from project charges mentioned
above and to liabilities relating to our Hanau and Karlstein
facilities, partly offset by a decrease in provisions related to the
divestment of Siemens IT Solutions and Services.

The line item Other nancial liabilities increased by %#(& mil -
lion year-over-year mainly related to an acquisition with a mi -
nority shareholder, who was granted a put-option on the non-
controlling interests.

21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events

69 C.# Results of oper ations

82. C$ Financial position
93 C.% Net assets position

97 CL
lll C)

Sustainability
Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks
Shareholders equity and total assets were as follows:

Year ended September #6,

(in millions of 8) "ol" "ol!

Total equity attributable

to shareholders of Siemens AG 30,733 31,530

Equity ratio 28% 30%

Non-controlling interests 569 626
Total assets 108,282 104,243

Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG de
creased from %!$.(!" billion at the end of scal #"$$ to %!".+!!
billion at the end of scal #"$#. In scal #"$#, the main factors
relating to the change in total equity attributable to sharehold -
ers of Siemens AG were: ($) Dividend payments of %#.*#’ billion
(paid for scal #"$$); (#) cancellation of !!,#"!,)#$ treasury
shares, which reduced common stock from ’$) million shares to
&&$ million shares; (!) repurchase of #!,#"#,(""" treasury shares

at a weighted average share price of %+*.$); ()) net income at
tributable to shareholders of Siemens AG of %).)(& billion.

The line item Total equity attributable to shareholders of
Siemens AG decreased by %+’+ million and total assets in

creased by %)."!’ billion year-over-year, and as a result our eq -
uity ratio decreased to #&% as of September !", #"$# compared

to !"% in the prior-year.

For additional information on our net assets position, see
/ 2416 +2 #2/62 &*4+1* 7//  #. &64+1-1/+6
European sovereign credit exposures — Due to the recent
uncertainties with regard to European sovereign debt expo -
sures we regularly monitor our credit exposures in particular to

public and private sector debtors in Italy, Spain, Greece, Portugal

and Ireland. These credit exposures include trade receivables

from the sale of goods and services, receivables from nance

leases and other nancial assets. To evaluate these exposures

we perform a credit rating for public and private sector debtors

using different methods subject to centrally de ned limits. For
exposures to public sector debtors, which represented approxi -
mately a quarter of these exposures, we applied a speci c poli -
cy: This policy provides that the rating applied to individual
public sector customers cannot be better than the weakest of

s, S&P s and Fitch for
the respective country. Based on our ratings and our credit ex -

the sovereign ratings provided by Moody

posures to end customers or main contractors located in Italy,
Spain, Greece, Portugal and Ireland, totaling a low single-digit
billion % amount as of September !", #'$#, we believe that
Siemens is well-positioned to bear these risks.

* B 3CADOI1 044A44:A/5
3- SEA A3/3:. * 23.4.5.3/

In scal #"$# we increased revenue by +% year-over-year to
%+&.# * billion, with all four Sectors and all three reporting re -
gions contributing to growth. New orders came in near the

level of revenue but $"% lower compared to the prior year,
which included substantially higher volumes from large orders

in our Sectors Infrastructure | &Cities and Ener gy. For example,
orders a year earlier included Siemens largest-ever order for

trains, worth %!.+ billion.

In scal #"$#, we achieved income from continuing operations

of %(.$&) billion. While this was one of our highest results ev -
er, it was substantially lower than in the prior year and lower

than we expected one year ago. The decline was due mainly to

our Energy Sector which took substantial charges mainly relat -
ed to projects with a complex marine and regulatory environ -
ment in the current period and bene ted from the divestment

of its share in Areva NP in the prior year. Due mainly to chal -

lenges in these projects we reduced our income guidance dur

ing scal #"$#. Furthermore, pro t in Energy in scal #"$# was

also burdened by pro t impacts of %!#+ million (pretax) related
to a change in credit risk assessment for Iran. Income from
continuing operations in scal #"$# was also held back by a
less favorable market environment in the second half of the
scal year. This was particularly evident in the Industry Sector
where pro t came in $"% lower year-over-year. Pro t at Infra -
structure &Cities in scal #"$# also declined y
the Sector took %&* million (pretax) in charges at a rolling

ear-Oover-year, as

stock project in Germany. In contrast, our Healthcare Sector in -
creased pro t year-over-year. For comparison, pro t at Health -
care in scal #"$$ was burdened by charges related to particle
therapy projects. In scal #"$#, income from continuing opera

tions was also burdened by a sharply higher loss at Equity
Investments. This was due primarily to our share in NSN. In s -
cal #"$#, NSN took substantial restructuring charges in con -
nection with its previously announced measures aimed at
maintaining its long-term competitiveness and improving

pro tability.

Net income in scal #"$# was %).(’" billion, down from %*.!#$

billion a year earlier. This decline was due to lower income

from continuing operations, only partly offset by lower losses

from discontinued operations. In the prior year, discontinued
operations were burdened by a substantial loss related to our

former Siemens IT Solutions and Services business, partly off -
set by income from discontinued operations related to OSRAM.
Income from discontinued operations related to OSRAM turned
negative in the current period.

As a result of the above-mentioned pro t impacts, two of our
Sectors, Energy and Infrastructure &Cities, missed their re -

spective adjusted EBITDA target ranges in scal #"$#.

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 Cl"

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
We achieved our target for capital ef ciency measured in terms

of ROCE (adjusted) on a continuing basis, with a result of
$+."%, well within our target range of $(% to #"%. ROCE (ad
justed) on a continuing basis a year earlier was #(.!%, bene t -

ing from the above-mentioned divestment at Energy.

Our Free cash ow from continuing operations declined to

%).+'" billion, down $’% year-over-year. Free cash ow devel
opment was particularly in uenced by lower income from con -
tinuing operations. Additional factors included cash out ows

in the current period related to project-related charges in
Healthcare.

In the fourth quarter of scal #"$#, we initiated a share buy-

back program of up to %!." billion, to be nanced partly by
long-term debt, and issued bonds totaling %#.+ billion. These
measures are aimed at taking advantage of favorable capital
market conditions while reducing the gap to our capital struc -

ture target. We have set this target, de ned as the ratio of ad
justed industrial net debt to adjusted EBITDA, in the range of
"\( to $.". In scal #"$#, our capital structure was a positive
"#) compared to a negative ".$) in the prior scal year.

We believe that we achieved the goals we had announced in
our Interim report for the third quarter of scal #"$#. With re -
gard to One Siemens, our framework for sustainable value
creation, we believe that we did not fully succeed in our fun -
damental goal of continuous improvement relative to our
markets and competitors. We believe that Agenda #"$!, an

* F 4<?4AGK<A/5 ACA/54

After the end of scal #"$#, Siemens announced the acquisi -
tion of LMS International NV, Belgium, a leading provider of
mechatronic simulation solutions. With the acquisition, which

will be integrated in the Industry Sector s Industry Automation
Division, Siemens intends to expand and complement the

Indus try Sector s product lifecycle management portfolio with
mechatronic simulation and testing software. The purchase

price amounts to approximately %*&" million. The transaction

is subject to approval by regulatory authorities. Closing is expect -
ed in the second quarter of scal #"$!.

initiative started by our Healthcare Sector at the beginning of
scal #"$# is making a contribution to achieve these goals.
We intend to expand these efforts on a company level. We
therefore initiated Siemens #"$) , a company-wide program
aimed at improving our productivity. We de ned action areas
for cutting our costs, strengthening our portfolio and becom
ing faster and less bureaucratic. These goals apply company-
wide, with specic implementation measures to be devel
oped by each Sector. While program-related productivity mea
sures will burden Total Sectors prot, particularly in scal
#"$!, we expect that the productivity gains realized will en
able us to achieve a Total Sectors pro t margin of at least $#%
by scal #"$).

In the fourth quarter of scal #"$# in connection with the
Siemens #"$) company program, we decided to divest our so

lar business, consisting of our solar thermal and photovoltaic
activities, because they have not met our expectations with re

gard to a number of factors, including changed market condi
tions, lower growth and strong price pressure.

We intend to provide an attractive return to shareholders. We
previously set a target range for our dividend payout percentage
of !"% to ("% of Net income excluding selected exceptional
non-cash effects. The Siemens Managing Board, in agreement
with the Supervisory Board, proposes a dividend of %!."" per
share, unchanged from a year earlier. This proposal represents
a dividend payout percentage of (*%, based on shares outstand

ing as of September !", #"$#.

Also after the end of scal #"$#, Siemens announced that

it plans to divest the business activities included in the Indus
try Sector s Water Technologies Business Unit, which as of
September !", #"$# was part of the Industry Automation
Division. The Busines s Unit s offerings comprise solutions for
municipal and industrial water puri cation and wastewater
treatment.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events

69 C.# Results of oper ations

82. C$ Financial position
93 C.% Net assets position

97 CL
lll C)

Sustainability
Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks
* H 4<450./0?.1.51

* H., Sustainability at Siemens

#.H.%.211:P 1B

Sustainability is a guiding principle within our Company.
Siemens has de ned sustainability to mean acting responsibly
on behalf of future generations to achieve economic, environ
mental and social progress. We are aware of the associated
high standards and the possibility of con icting goals. Never
theless, the aim to create sustainable added value remains a
key element of our corporate strategy. We are convinced that
sustainability, in this sense, is also a business opportunity, and
one that is worth seizing. One Siemens, our framework for
sustainable value creation and capital-ef cient growth ad
dresses this business opportunity with its three strategic direc
tions: Focus on innovation-driven growth markets, Get closer
to our customers and Use the power of Siemens.

The products and solutions in our Environmental Portfolio and
the innovative power of Siemens play a central role in contrib
uting to environmental and climate protection while also
strengthening our standing in these innovation-driven growth
markets.

A close customer relationship based on trust and a competi
tive, globally balanced and localized network of suppliers sup
ports us in getting closer to our customers all over the world.

Excellent employees are one of Siemens vital strengths as
they play a key role in our success and are the true power of
Siemens. Leveraging the power of Siemens also means strictly
adhering to clear principles of integrity — something we also

expect of our partners and suppliers.

As all these examples clearly show, sustainability is not just
embellishment at Siemens, it s the central theme of our corpo
rate strategy. The following chapters will detail this under
standing and will provide further information on Sustainability
at Siemens.

#.H.%.86) 64+.°/.E” &+, -./.01-1/+

S*® 2:0. J. 472/

The importance we attach to the topic of sustainability is also
evident in our programs and measures we execute and in the
central positioning within the Company $ organization. In our
Sustainability Program we focus targets and activities in
three areas: Business opportunities, Walk the talk, and Stake
holder engagement. In the rst area we turn our approach to
sustainability into concrete business opportunities. Walk the
talk means we are committed to embedding sustainability
throughout our organization and operations. In the third area

we focus on collaboration with all relevant stakeholders.

Ef cient sustainability management is a company-wide task
that requires a clear organizational structure and a thorough
anchoring of sustainability in our corporate culture. All our
Chief Sustainability
Of cer , who is a member of our Managing Board. In order to

sustainability activities are steered by the

coordinate and manage our sustainability activities ef ciently,
we established the Siemens Sustainability Board, the Sustain
ability Of ce and the Siemens Sustainability Advisory Board.
The Siemens Sustainability Board , which is chaired by the
Chief Sustainability Of cer, is the central steering committee
for sustainability at Siemens. In its regular meetings, it sets our
sustainability strategy and adopts appropriate measures and

| 6 1-1/6 6)6+.°/.E" &+, E2.:*
Head of Head of Head of Head of Head of Head of Head of
Corporate Corporate Corporate Human Environmental Corporate Corporate Finance — Corporate Legal
Communications Strategies Resources — EMEA Protection, Health Technology — Reporting and and Compliance
and Government and Governance, Management Research >ch- Controlling
Affairs Processes and Safety nology Center
Chief CTO of CEO of CEO of CEO of CEO of CEO of
Compliance Imaging &Therapy Customer Services Low and Medium Siemens Cluster Brazil
Of cer Systems (Industry) Voltage Financial Services
(Healthcare) (Infrastructure &
Cities)
135. D. Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. Additional Information
129 C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of

statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

German Commercial Code)
134 C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements

FD
initiatives. Our Chief Sustainability Of cer also manages the
Sustainability Of ce , which is responsible for implementing
the sustainability strategy and for coordinating company-wide

programs and measures.

To help us maintain an objective perspective on our sustainabil
ity challenges and performance, we have also created the
Siemens Sustainability Advisory Board composed of nineem  -
inent gures in science and industry from a range of disciplines

and regions of the world. None are employees of Siemens. The

Board meets at least twice a year, and through professional ex -
changes and concrete initiatives has already contributed to the

further development of our sustainability program.

Furthermore, assigned Sustainability Managers in the Sectors
and Clusters ensure that sustainability measures are imple -
mented throughout the Company.

#.H..%.3#2 && E2:.+’/0

72: 6)6+./.E? &+,./* <1: 72:-/ #1

Our sustainability efforts are generally based on our Business
Conduct Guidelines, which provide the ethical and legal frame -
work within which we conduct our business activities. They
contain the basic principles and rules for our conduct within

our Company and in relation to our external partners and the
general public. Specic issues, such as those relating to the
environment, are covered in more detailed regulations and
guidelines. This comprehensive set of rules is generally bind -
ing for all companies controlled by Siemens.

Furthermore, we believe that close collaboration with stake -
holders supports us in addressing complex, interlocking sus -
tainability challenges and topics. Maintaining an intensive dia -
logue with partners along the supply chain and with external
stakeholder groups and organizations is important for us:
Siemens is actively engaged with leading global sustainability
organizations, such as the World Business Council for Sustain -
able Development (WBCSD), and committed to international
standards and guidelines for sustainability. For example, we

signed on to the United Nations Global Compact in #""! and
became a signatory to the Global Compact s CEO Water Man -
date in #""&; since scal #"$$, we are member of the steering
committee of the Global Compact s Caring for Climate initia -
tive. We regularly report on our sustainability performance us -
ing the current guidelines (G!.") of the Global Reporting Initia -
tive (GRI), which aim at high transparency and comparability

for corporate sustainability reporting.

Siemens has been part of the widely respected Dow Jones
Sustainability Index for thirteen consecutive years and is
ranked as Sector Leader in #"$# for Diversi ed Industrials for
the fth time in a row and as Supersector Leader for Industrial

Goods and Services for the rst time ever. We also earned high

ratings on a number of other indexes and rankings, including

those created by the prestigious Carbon Disclosure Project
(CDP). Siemens was included in CDP s Global ("" Carbon Dis -
closure Leadership Index (CDLI) for the fth time in a row with

one of the top scores in the world.

* H.7 Research and development

#.H.8.%: 161.: #9. /*

*1TL @<-1/+ 2: 0/I5472/ /* 6+: +10,
In scal #"$#, we continued to focus on the following areas
in research and development (R&D): ($) ensuring long-term
futur e viability, (#) enhancing technological competitiveness,
and (!) optimizing the allocation of R&D resources.

Our R&D activities are geared toward ensuring sustainable en -
ergy supplies, which is essential to our long-term viability and
competitiveness in the energy and infrastructure industries.
Accordingly, major focus areas include:

> incr easing the ef ciency of both renewable and conventional
power generation,

> improving low-loss power transmission, and

> nding ne  w solutions for intelligent power networks (smart
grids), carbon dioxide separation in power plants, and ener-
gy storage systems for volatile renewable energies.

Another major focus is promoting more ef cient energy use in
buildings, industrial facilities, and the transport sector —for
example through the development of electric drives and faster

charging stations for electric vehicles.

Across all focus areas, we recognize the vital importance of so -
phisticated software solutions — not just for the areas men -
tioned above but also in nearly all of the other elds in which
Siemens is active. Siemens software was used, for example, to
virtually develop, build, test, and continually optimize the Red

Bull Formula $ championship-winning car throughout the #"$$
season. The same is true of the Mars rover Curiosity, which
landed on the red planet in August #"$#. Siemens software

was used here to digitally design, assemble, and test a virtual

rover before the rst prototype was even constructed.

R&D activities are carried out by both our Sectors and our Cor -
porate Technology (CT) department. The Sectors focus their

R&D efforts on the next generations of their products and solu -
tions. In contrast, the aim of CT is to be a strong innovation
partner for operational units and to help secure our technology

and innovation future while strengthening Siemens as an inte -
grated technology company.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
men

CT has more than +,
wide network with primary locations in Germany, the U.S.,

employees and is set up as a world -

Austria, Russia, India, and China. Among CT s employees, approx -
imately ),""" software engineers at locations in Asia, Europe
and the Americas develop and implement software for new
products and services for our Sectors. CT makes important
contributions along the entire value chain, from research and
development to production technology, manufacturing pro -

cesses, and testing procedures.

The technology elds cover all technological areas of Siemens.

They include research on materials that help make our prod

ucts more ef cient and the creation of IT platforms, security
solutions, software architecture, technical systems, energy
technologies, sensors, and electronic components. CT also
conducts research into new solutions for automation, medical
information systems, and imaging processes. This portfolio is
supplemented by innovation projects for electric mobility, sus -
tainable urban development, and biotechnology — in other
words, elds with major strategic importance for us. All of CT s
activities are chosen to optimize the allocation of R&D resourc-

es, with a balance between support for the Sectors current of -
ferings and development of longer-term opportunities.

CT also strategically handles the intellectual property of
Siemens. Around !(" experts help the Company register pat -
ents and trademarks, establish them, and put them to pro t -
able use. CT also acts as a coordinator and leader with regard

to key strategic issues at Siemens, such as lean management

and production, standardization, and project management.

Cooperations with universities and non-university research in -
stitutes make an important contribution to Siemens capacity
to innovate. The key goals of these partnerships are:

> tapping the potential for joint research and development
projects,

> de veloping and extending the network of universities or
research institutes with which Siemens works and
incr easing communication between Siemens and these
univ ersities or institutes, and

> strengthening the appeal of Siemens to highly quali ed
young people as a potential employer.

In addition, Siemens takes part in publicly funded research pro -
grams. The most important research areas include the develop -
ment of sustainable technologies, the networking of machines,

and the creation of new materials and sustainable recycling.

129 C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130) Cl!
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

134. CC!"

#.H.8.8 : 161.: #9 &* 11 &<-1/+ 7°0):16

In scal #"$#, we recognized research and development ex -
penses of %).#!& billion, compared to %!.&’’ billion in scal

#"$$ and %!.()+ billion in scal #"$". The resulting R&D inten -
sity, de ned as the ratio of R&D expenses and revenue, of (.)%

was higher than in scal #"$$ and _ scal #"$".

Li &* /4+1/6'+,

Research and development Research and de-

expenses (in billions of 8) velopment intensity
FY 2012 4233 hii 5.4%
FY 2011 3.899
FY 2010 3.547 :

li R&D intensity is defined as the ratio of R&D expenses and revenue

R&D expenses and intensities for the Sectors in scal #"$#,
#"$$ and #"$" were as follows:

1 &* 1K<1/616

(in millions of 8) FY "6!" FY "6!! FY "6!6
Energy 840 756 651
Healthcare 1,314 1,173 1,116
Industry 1,215 1,128 993
Infrastructure &Cities 699 696 591
2 &* 7/+1/6'+,

FY "6!" FY "6!! FY "6!6
Energy 3.0% 3.1% 2.9%
Healthcare 9.6% 94% 9.0%
Industry 5.9% 5.8% 5.7%
Infrastructure &Cities 4.0% 4.1% 3.6%

Corporate Technology incurred additional R&D expenses.

1 &E OPO #426 %

(in thousands) FY "6!" FY "6!!
Employees 29.5 27.7
Inventions * 8.9 8.6
First patent applications ? 4.6 43
1 Continuing oper ations.
2 Average number of employees in fiscal year.
3 Number of inventions submitted by Business Units based on an internal reporting.
4 First filings as part of the inventions submitted to patent offices.
135. D.  Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 §E. Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements

FF
@GG

In our continuing operations, we had an average of approximate
ly $#,’"" R&D employees in Germany and approximately $*,+""
R&D employees in !" countries outside of Germany during scal
#"$#, including the U.S., China, Austria, India, Slovakia, Switzer

land, the U.K., Croatia, Sweden, Denmark, Mexico, and France.

As of September !", #"$#, the Company held approximately
(+,!"" patents worldwide in its continuing operations, com
pared to approximately (!,!"" patents as of September !",
#"$$. In terms of the number of published patent applications
in calendar year #"$$, Siemens in total ranked third in Germany
and — for the second consecutive year
terms of the number of patents granted in the U.S., Siemens in
total ranked tenth in calendar year #"$$.

— rst in Europe. In

"6l! "6!6

"66)

Germany — German Patent
and Trademark Of ce (DPMA) 3 3

Europe —
European Patent Of ce (EPO) 1 1

ie)

U.S. — United States Patent
and Trademark Of ce (US PTO) 10 9

#.H.8.3 : 161.: #9 &*1T1 &<-1/4+ 7/491
Our R&D activities in the Energy Sector are focused on devel
oping processes for the ef cient generation and transmission

of electrical energy. Major R&D areas in this respect are the de

velopment of

> technologies for low-loss electricity transmission,

> adv anced gas turbines that increase the ef ciency and
reduce emissions of power plants,

> combined cy cle power plants to increase the availability
of electricity through higher exibility,

> wind turbine innov ations,

> technologies that extract the greenhouse gas carbon
dio xide from the ue gas that occurs during fossil fuel-
red power generation (carbon capture and storage), and

> asubsea po wer grid to extract deep-sea oil and natural

gas drilling economically.

Examples of research and development at Energy include Type
B+( rotor blades for wind turbines, each of which has a length of
+( meters; this makes them, to our knowledge, the longest rotor
blades in operation in the world at the moment. At #( tons, the
B+( is also a lightweight, as it is $"% to #"% lighter than similar
rotor blades. Heavy rotor blades are subjected to higher stress
loads and also require more massive nacelles, towers, and foun
dations. Intelligent design and low weight therefore have a pos
itive effect on the cost of electricity produced.

61#+2:6

In #"$$, a combined cycle power generation island delivered
by Siemens in Irsching, Germany, proved an unprecedented net
ef ciency rating of *".+(% at an output of (+& megawatts. An
even more ef cient combined cycle plant will soon be built in
D sseldorf. With an anticipated ef ciency rating of more than
*$% and a previously unattained district heating range, Siemens
expects to set new records in both categories. The total capacity
factor for natural gas as a fuel will reach around &(%.

High-voltage direct-current (HVDC) technology is now making
it possible to transport electricity over great distances with min
imal losses. In #""’, Siemens put the rst overhead HVDC line
into operation with an unprecedented direct current capacity of
&"","""" volts. Siemens recently successfully tested its rst
HVDC transformer technology with a voltage of $.$ million volts.
The higher the voltage carried by HVDC cables, the lower the
transmission losses and the higher the transmission capacity.
R&D activities in our Healthcare Sector focus on meeting cus
tomer challenges from three major trends: the world s popula
tion continues to grow rapidly and to get older. In addition,
older people make up a higher percentage of the population.
These trends put increasing pressure on healthcare providers

to gather more accurate diagnostic information more ef
ciently about a wider range of potential disease conditions
and to integrate that information more effectively with treat
ment options.

One focus area involves combining various imaging methods
that provide increasingly detailed and faster three-dimensional
insights into the body of a patient, while subjecting him or her
to less discomfort. We combine such imaging processes with
therapeutic measures, laboratory diagnostics, and information
technology to create more coordinated work ows. One exam
ple is the worlds only fully integrated whole-body magnetic
resonance (MR) and positron emission tomography (PET) sys
tem, Biograph mMR, which for the rst time allows physicians
to simultaneously see the position of organs within the body,
their function, and their metabolism. In this way they can, for
example, see the position of a tumor, identify its type, and ob
serve its activity.

Another focus area is automating clinical work processes and
optimizing laboratory diagnostics, which puts physicians in
a position to identify diseases even more precisely and at an
earlier stage. Physicians are then able to tailor therapies
more closely to a patient s needs, by monitoring the effect of
medications more accurately and exploiting the evaluation
and analytical capabilities of modern computer technology.
The Sector also develops products that meet the speci c, tar
geted requirements of the healthcare systems of emerging
countries.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
Among the R&D priorities in the Industry Sector is the soft
ware-based integration of product planning and production
processes within the framework of product lifecycle manage -
ment. The objective is to accelerate processes at every point

along the value chain, so that time to market can be reduced

by as much as ("%. The further development of automation
technology, and industrial IT and industry software in particu -
lar, plays a major role here. This is especially true in the case of

metal production, where the IT-supported planning and opera -
tion of entire steel mills has signi cantly changed and will fur -
ther in uence manufacturing processes in the steel sector.

In addition, the Industry Sector also strives to achieve greater
energy ef ciency, reduce raw material consumption, and reduce

emissions. These objectives also guide the development of tech
nology-based service concepts such as energy management and

remote maintenance systems, and the creation of ef cient solu

tions for steel production that also conserve resources.
R&D activities in our Infrastructure &Cities Sector focus on
urban growth issues. Main research elds therefore cover sus -
tainable technologies for major metropolitan areas and their
infrastructures. The aims are to increase energy ef ciency, re -
duce burdens on the environment, and improve the overall
economy and the quality of life in cities. To this end, the Sector
develops building technologies that conserve energy, solu -
tions for ensuring an ef cient and secure supply of electricity

in cities, and intelligent traf and transport systems. Exam -
ples here include the extremely light and almost fully recycla -
ble Inspiro modular subway train, and the Desigo building
management system, which integrates several system compo -
nents within the buildings themselves, and which also leads

to signi cant energy savings. In addition, researchers are look -
ing for ways to integrate buildings into smart grids so as to al -
low them to transfer the electricity they produce into the net -
work and provide additional power during peak demand times.

One innovative technology that can be used for this is
SIESTORAGE—a modular storage unit that balances out the
power generation uctuations that are typical of electricity
produced from renewable sources by stepping in to provide
energy during brief power outages.

* H.9 Supply chain management

Supply chain management at Siemens aims to contribute to

the success of our businesses in a signi cant and sustainable

way. The principal goal of our supply chain management activ -
ities is to ensure the availability and quality of the materials

we require to serve our customers.

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 Cll
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

134. CC!"

In scal #"$#, Siemens purchasing volume, i.e. external spend,
amounted to approximately %)" billion which equals roughly
half of our total revenue.

Sectorspecific material Pooled directed and

indirect material

L?G
billion
> 50%

Siemens-wide managed

We focused on continuing to enhance our supply chain man -
agement and strengthening Siemens competitiveness by
achieving substantial savings. The main enablers for that were
already part of the Supply Chain Management initiative that
was successfully completed prior to scal #"$#. In line with our
strategic priorities, we further developed and continuously
rolled out our enablers for leveraging saving potential. These
enablers include
> Siemens-wide manag ed volume: We bundle more than
half of our purchasing volume on the corporate level where
it is managed by dedicated organizations for both direct and
indirect material. For the direct material, we set up more
than #" category management teams and started more than
#"" cross-functional commodity engineering projects aiming
to bring down material cost together with our suppliers. The
strategic and operational procurement for all indirect materi -
al throughout Siemens has been brought together in a global
organization. By integrating the former procurement of ces
for indirect material in the Sectors and regions, we achieve
substantial economies of scale effects through worldwide
bundling of volume and consolidation of resources.
> Sour cing from emerging markets: One essential element
of moving towards a globally balanced supply chain network

is to constantly increase the share of sourcing from emerg -

ing markets (Global Value Sourcing countries, GVS). To ac
complish this goal, we identify, select and fully qualify sup -
pliers from Global Value Sourcing countries, and engage
them in a continuous development process thereafter. Addi -
tionally, we encourage and support our suppliers to expand
their operations in order to follow our manufacturing foot -
print in Global Value Sourcing countries. In scal #"$# we
further increased our GVS share on a comparable basis.

> E-sour cing: We signi cantly increased the share of external
purchases that we award via electronic bidding over the last
few years from low single digit levels to signi cantly more
than $"%.

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

@G@

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements
@G"

Strengthening Siemens innovation power by leveraging our
supplier network is another strategic priority. With our Siemens
Supplier Forum we have established a platform for the regular
dialogue on CEO level with our top strategic suppliers, aiming to

ensure long-term cost leadership, realize shared growth poten -
tial and sustainably increase innovation capabilities. To promote
outstanding suppliers for their excellence, we have introduced

the Siemens Supplier Awards for a number of categories.

As in previous years, the supply chain management organiza -
tion had to face external challenges in scal #"$#. Although

the strong pricing pressure in supplier markets declined com -
pared to scal #"$$, we see indications from the geopolitical
environment that prices may increase again in the near future.

Despite this possibility, we expect to maintain the procure -
ment savings gains and overall productivity increases for
Siemens that our supply chain management organization has
achieved in recent years.

Another important topic for our supply chain management is
sustainability in our supply chain. We require all of our suppli -
ers to comply with the principles of our Code of Conduct for
Siemens Suppliers and to support its implementation in their

own supply chains as well. We also continued with worldwide
on-site sustainability audits by external experts to ensure the
compliance with our standards and to encourage sustainable
business conduct throughout our entire global supply chain.

In addition, we further rolled out our Siemens Energy Ef ciency
Program for suppliers. We work with our suppliers to conduct
environmental and energy ef ciency checks of their own facili -
ties, so they can identify opportunities for reducing their con -
sumption of energy and other resources. In this regard, we

draw upon the expertise and know-how gained in connection

with our own environmental program and our Environmental
Portfolio. By the end of scal #"$#, more than ’"" of our sup -
pliers worldwide have completed these comprehensive assess -

mn

ments and nearly )"" others are involved in the program.

* H.+ Production

In-house production is an important cornerstone of our opera -
tions. Siemens operates more than #°" major production and
manufacturing plants in more than )" countries worldwide,
including facilities at certain joint ventures and associated
companies. A major production and manufacturing plant is de -
ned as a facility at Business Unit level in which raw or source
materials are transformed into nished goods on a large scale

by using equipment and production resources such as ma -
chines, tools, energy and labor. Around $(" major production

and manufacturing plants are located in the region Europe,

C.LS., Africa, Middle East; around &" major production and

manufacturing plants are located in the region Americas and

around +" major production and manufacturing plants are lo

cated in the region Asia, Australia. With around $$" major pro
duction and manufacturing plants, the Energy Sector accounts
for the greatest proportion of these, followed by the Infrastruc -
ture &Cities Sect or (around &" major facilities), the Industry
Sector (around +" major facilities) and the Healthcare Sector
(around )" major facilities).

Key elements of our production strategy include sustained im

provement in the cost position for our products and solutions,

and locating production sites geographically to support the de -
velopment of new markets. China, for example, is one of our
largest growth markets, and we have established our presence

there with around (" major production and manufacturing

plants. One of the most signi cant features of our production
activities is the diversity of products, volumes and processes:

The spectrum of our products ranges from hearing aids to a
*""tonne steam turbine; production volume can be anything

from a single customer-speci c order to high-tech serial pro -
duction; and production processes range from automated pro -
duction in clean rooms to manual nal assembly of major in -
stallations on construction sites.

We designed the Siemens Production System (SPS) in our
aim to continuously improve our global production processes.

The SPS is our structured approach to designing and operating

the production operations of Siemens in accordance with so-

called lean principles. These principles aim to reduce or elim -
inate activities in our business processes that add no customer

value. This helps us satisfy the increasingly demanding re -
quirements of our customers while streamlining our cost posi -
tion and those of our customers compared with competitors.

With the implementation of lean principles in our production
operations, we aim to simultaneously achieve both shorter lead

times and higher quality in our processes, products and solu -
tions. This enables us to react even more exibly to our custom -
ers demands and to increase our delivery reliability. By now,

the SPS has already been established in more than $’" of our

major production and manufacturing facilities worldwide.

It is our strategy to ensure that all of our production and man -
ufacturing facilities apply lean principles and that these prin -

ciples are also adopted by other functions such as administra
tion or engineering. For the latter purpose, we have widened

the range of our lean expert quali cations by adding specif
ic training programs for employees engaged in adminis -
tration. By the end of scal #"$#, a total of more than *#"
em ployees have joined (and in part already completed) lean

expert quali cation programs for production and /or adminis

tration.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
* H.@Quality manag ement

Outstanding quality in our products and solutions is a key suc
cess factor for our Company. We believe that Siemens is known
for high quality in its business processes and customer proj
ects, which many customers consider essential in meeting

their needs.

Our main objective in terms of quality is high customer satis
faction, which we measure using the Net Promoter Score,
which is discussed in more detail below. Internal audits and
assessments, together with regular benchmarking, help us en
sure the effectiveness and further development of our quality
management. Our quality management system is designed to
meet or exceed relevant recognized international standards.

We aim to maintain a strong culture of continuous improve

ment and high transparency. Transparency in this context
means to measure quality and make it visible. To that end, we
have developed a comprehensive quality approach throughout

the Company to increase the quality of our products and pro

cesses. We have dened binding standards in the areas of

quality responsibility, quality controlling, process quality and
quality awareness for all Siemens units worldwide.

The quality management organization, with some $",""" em
ployees in our continuing operations, is well established at all
levels of our business and is operating actively for quality man
agement and quality assurance within our operational units.
We believe that it is particularly important to ensure that qual
ity is measurable and transparent.

The quality of our products and processes depends strongly on
the capabilities of our employees. Training on quality _is there
fore an integral part of our corporate culture. Training opportu

nities are made available to all employees. This applies in partic

ular to quality managers who, as experts in their elds, must
demonstrate expertise with the relevant quality tools. Profes

sional development options include web-based solutions, train

ing plans specic to particular target groups, and on-the-job
training. We regularly expand the portfolio of our training cours

es to complement traditional areas of the Siemens Quality Man
agement approach such as quality management in projects, in
spections and audits, and quality tools. We develop training
courses in cooperation with experienced internal personnel and
experts from universities and partner institutions. This approach

seeks to ensure effective transfer of expertise within the Compa

ny as well as to and from external specialists.

Product safety is an essential aspect of product quality and an
element of technical compliance. For this reason, product safe

ty is also a strategic objective of the entire value-added pro

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 Cll
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 Cl"

information and explanatory report

cess. Safe product design encompasses the safety of all prod -
ucts and services developed, manufactured and sold by
Siemens. It involves and de nes requirements for just about

every function in the Company and addresses the entire lifecy-

cle from development, production and maintenance /repair to

enhancement /modi cation until nal disposal. Accordingly,
we consider legal requirements and relevant standards as well

as the current state of science and technology.

* H.B Distribution and customer relations

Our Sectors, Divisions and Business Units, and SFS have global
responsibility for their business, sales and results. They are

able to support customers around the world directly from their
respective headquarters, especially for large contracts and
projects. However, most of our customers are small and medi -
um-sized companies and organizations that require local sup -
port. To address local business opportunities with them, we

are able to draw upon a large global sales force steered by our
regional companies. They are responsible for the distribution

of the Siemens portfolio across our Sectors and Divisions in

their respective countries. This keeps us close to our custom -
ers and positions us to offer fast and customizable solutions to

their business needs. We are currently present in around $’"
countries. Because of our long-lasting local presence we are
often perceived as local citizens. Taking the fast-growing BRIC
countries as an example, we founded our rst subsidiary in
Russia in $&((, opened our rst permanent of ce in China in
$°"), founded our Brazilian subsidiary Siemens do Brasil in
$°"( and our rst Indian subsidiary in $’#).

Sustainable customer relationships are the basis for our long-

term success. We employ a structured key account manage -
ment approach throughout the Company to take care of our

key customers. This means that we seek to tailor our products

and solutions to their size and regional site structures, and we

aim to ensure that our key account managers continually de -
velop and maintain relationships with them over the long

term. This approach is supplemented by our Executive Rela -
tionship Program, in which all members of the Company s
Managing Board stay in direct contact with selected customers

and maintain an ongoing dialogue with them to familiarize
Siemens with their needs.

Our business success is strongly dependent on the satisfaction

of our customers. For this reason, we measure customer satis
faction in every unit of the Company using the Net Promoter
Score (NPS). This internationally recognized and commonly

applied managerial performance indicator, which we deter
mine annually on a worldwide basis by means of customer sur -
veys, measures the referral rate of our customers. The NPS for

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

@G>

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements
scal #"$# was based on the results of more than #),$"" inter -

toe

views, compared to more than #(,""" interviews in scal #"$$.
In scal #"$#, our company-wide NPS increased substantially

compared to scal #"$$.

To ensure the high quality and continuous improvement of our
customer support, we have developed our Account Manage -
ment Excellence Program and our Sales Management Excel -
lence Program. We carry out strength-and-weakness analyses

as well as training and quali cation measures under these pro -
grams, aiming to ensure consistently high standards in our
worldwide customer relationship management. In scal #"$#

we successfully implemented our Key Account Manager Certi -
cation Program to ensure high quality and consistent stan -
dards at our customer interfaces.

An elementary component of all our global marketing and sell -
ing activities is compliance with applicable laws and internal
tules and regulations.

Our systematic efforts to achieve customer satisfaction have
been recognized by outside institutions. In #"$#, for example,
Siemens ranked in a leading position in Customer Relationship
Management in the Diversied Industrials category of the

SAM Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the ! d time in a row.

* H.F Environmental Portfolio

ps l.<b: 72: #177? #42:6

Year ended September #6,

"61" "6l!
Revenue generated by the

Siemens Environmental Portfolio

(continuing operations; in billions of 8) 33.2 30.2
Accumulated annual customer reductions

of carbon dioxide emissions generated by

elements fr om the Siemens Environmental

Portfolio (continuing operations; in millions

of tons) 332 257

Our Environmental Portfolio serves as an example of how we

strive to align our business activities with the aforementioned
megatrends, in this case climate change. The Environmental
Portfolio consists of products, systems, solutions and services
(Environmental Portfolio elements) that reduce negative im -
pacts on the environment and emissions of carbon dioxide and

other greenhouse gases (de ned together in the following as

carbon dioxide emissions) responsible for climate change.

In addition to its environmental bene ts, our Environmental
Portfolio enables us to compete successfully in attractive mar -
kets and generate pro table growth. In scal #"$", we set our -
selves a revenue target for the Environmental Portfolio within

the One Siemens framework: to exceed %)" billion in revenue

from the Environmental Portfolio by the end of scal #"$). We
continue to strive for that goal, although due to the planned dis -
posal of OSRAM, our Water Technologies Business Unit, and our

solar business it will be much more challenging to achieve it.

In scal #"$# revenues from continuing operations from the

Environmental Portfolio amounted to %!!.# billion, up from
comparable revenues of %!".# billion in the previous  scal
year. Therefore our Environmental Portfolio accounted for )#%
of our revenues from continuing operations in scal #"$#.

These revenues include revenues from newly developed and
additionally qualied elements, and exclude revenues from

elements t hat no longer ful I our quali cations.

With our Environmental Portfolio we intend, among other
things, to help our customers reduce their carbon dioxide foot -
print, cut their energy costs and improve their pro tability
through an increase in productivity. Taking together all ele -
ments of the Environmental Portfolio that were installed at
customer locations since the beginning of scal #""# and re -
main in use today, we have reduced customer carbon dioxide
emissions by !!# million tons in scal #"$#, equaling )$% of
Germany s total annual carbon dioxide emissions in calendar

year #"$".

#.H.M.% 1<2:4'/0 <?/-#<8&16

We report the revenue from our Environmental Portfolio and

the annual customer reductions of carbon dioxide emissions
generated by it in accordance with internal regulations de ned

in our Environmental Portfolio Guideline. This Guideline is
based on the Reporting Principles of the Greenhouse Gas Pro -
tocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, revised
edition, and the Greenhouse Gas Protocol for Project Account -
ing; both published by World Resources Institute (WRI) and
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD).

Those principles are relevance, completeness, consistency,
transparency, accuracy and conservativeness. As there are cur-

rently no accepted international standards for identi cation

and reporting of so-called green products, we are engaging in
standardization activities with external organizations. The rev -
enue generated by the Environmental Portfolio is recognized

in accordance with revenue recognition policies as described

in > /24+187/ *.5/2+16 +2 #2/62 &*41*77//  #. &6441-1/46

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
#.H.M.80211:// #1 —
<:2 #16616 /* *1 777°+?2/6

The quali cation of Environmental Portfolio elements as well

as their respective reporting is based on de ned processes and

criteria. In principle, any product, system, solution or service

of Siemens continuing operations may qualify for the Environ -
mental Portfolio. The business portfolio of Siemens continu -
ing operations is reviewed annually regarding the quali cation

of Environmental Portfolio elements based on the criteria de -
scribed below. This covers the inclusion of newly developed
elements as w ell as the integration of additionally quali ed
elements wher e evidence of ful Ilment of the quali cation cri -

teria was not available in prior reporting periods. For addition
ally qualied Environmental Portfolio elements, we report
their prior-year revenue and prior-year contribution to reduc -
ing customer carbon dioxide emissions on a comparable basis.
Elements that no longer ful ll our quali cation criteria are
excluded from our Environmental Portfolio.

Prior to inclusion in the Environmental Portfolio, potential new
Environmental Portfolio elements have to undergo a multilevel
internal evaluation process. The Sustainability Board annually
acknowledges changes in the composition of the Environmen-

tal Portfolio. One task of the Sustainability Board is also to dis -
cuss potential concerns of stakeholders with regard to the
inclusion or dele tion of certain technologies in the Environ -
mental Portfolio.

#.H.M.3#24+12.  72:7/ #8 6’2/

27 WV :2/-1/+. &<2:+72 &2 1 &- 1/+6

An Environmental Portfolio element can be a product, a sys -
tem, a solution or a service as de ned above. Furthermore, a

core component of a system or solution may qualify as an
Environmental Portfolio element if the component provided by
Siemens is key to enabling environmental bene ts resulting

from the system s or solution s overall application. To qualify

for inclusion in the Environmental Portfolio, an element must

meet one of the selection criteria described below, which are

energy ef ciency, renewable energy or environmental technol -
ogies. Products, systems, solutions and services with planned
application in military use or nuclear power are not included in

the Environmental Portfolio.

> Ener gy efciency: The criteria for energy ef ciency are an
improvement in energy ef ciency of #"% or more during the
customer use phase compared to the applicable baseline, or

a reduction of at least $"",""" metric tons of carbon dioxide
equivalents per reporting period in the customer use phase.
Examples of elements that meet the energy ef ciency crite -
rion are combined cycle power plants and intelligent build -
ing technology systems.

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 Cll
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

134. CC!"

> Renewable energy: This criterion covers technologies in

the eld of renewable energy sources such as wind turbines

or smart grid applications and their respective core compo -

nents.
> Environmental technologies: This criterion is related towa = -
ter and wastewater treatment, air pollution control, waste re -
duction, recycling, e-car infrastructure and its core compo -
nents. Additionally, a criterion for the Healthcare Sector is an
environmental impact reduction in terms of noise, radiation

or total weight of at least #(% compared to the baseline.

#.H.M.SE. 61&/1 -1+92*6

Energy ef ciency, annual customer reduction of carbon diox -
ide and environmental impact are all assessed by a comparison

with a reference solution (baseline). There are three different

options for the reference solution: before-after comparison,
comparison with a reference technology or comparison with

the installed base. The baselines are reviewed annually and, if
necessary, adjusted, such as when statistical data on the in -
stalled base is updated because of technical innovations or
regulatory changes. The calculation of the reduction of carbon

dioxide emissions is based on a comparison for every relevant
Environmental Portfolio element with a baseline. For this cal -
culation, we focus on those elements that have a material
impact on the overall carbon dioxide emissions reduction. For

some emission reduction calculations, the baseline reference

for the installed base is determined using known global emis -
sion factors such as those for power production. The baselines

used for our calculations are mainly based on data of the Inter -
national Energy Agency (IEA) for gross power production and

for grid losses, on data from the Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate Change (IPCC) for fuel based emission factors, and our

own assessments of power production ef ciency. For consis -
tency reasons, we generally apply global emission factors for
calculating emission reductions.

#.H.M.= 1<2:+’/0 16+’-+16

The inclusion of elements in the Environmental Portfolio is

based on criteria, methodologies and assumptions that other
companies and other stakeholders may view differently. Fac -
tors that may cause differences, among others, are: choice of
applicable baseline methodology, application of global emis -
sion factors that may be different from local conditions, use
patterns at customers that may be different from standard use

patterns used for carbon dioxide abatement calculations and

expert estimates if no other data is available.

To date, there is no applicable international standard that ap -
plies across companies for qualifying products, systems, solu -
tions and services for environmental and climate protection, or
for compiling and calculating the respective revenues and the

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements

@GA
@GC

quantity of reduced carbon dioxide emissions attributable to

such products, systems, solutions and services. Accordingly,
revenues from our Environmental Portfolio and the reduction

of our customers annual carbon dioxide emissions may not be
comparable with similar information reported by other compa -
nies. Furthermore, we subject revenues from our Environmen -
tal Portfolio and the reduction of our customers annual carbon

dioxide emissions to internal documentation and review re -
quirements that are less sophisticated than those applicable to

our nancial information. We may change our policies for
recognizing revenues from our Environmental Portfolio and

the reduction of our customers annual carbon dioxide emis -
sions in the future without previous notice.

As in previous years, we again commissioned an indepen -
dent accounting rm with a limited assurance engagement

to review the reported results for our Environmental Portfolio

for scal #"$#. This review was conducted in accordance

with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements

CISAE) !""", Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or
Reviews of Historical Financial Information. Nothing came to

the attention of the independent accounting rm that would

cause them to believe that the section Siemens Environmen -
tal Portfolio #"$# of the Environmental Portfolio Report
#"$# —containing the revenues generated by the Environ -
mental Portfolio and the annual customer reduction of
carbon dio xide emissions attributable to it — has not been
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the

de nedr eporting principles.

* H.HEnvironmental performance

ps d.<l: 72:-/ #177? #42:6 %

Year ended September #6,

"61" "6!
Energy ef ciency improvement

compared to baseline in scal "6!6 8% 4%
Waste ef ciency improvement

compared to baseline in scal "6!6 6% 10%
Waste for disposal reduction

compared to baseline in scal "6!6 4% (3)%
Carbon dioxide ef ciency improvement

compared to baseline in scal "6!6 12% 5%

1 Continuing oper ations.

#.H.H.%196 - /.01-1/+ 6, 6+1-

Siemens EHS (Environmental Protection, Health Management
and Safety) management system lays down principles and
standards intended to ensure that we meet today s global eco -
logical challenges responsibly. It helps our Company Units to

comply with applicable laws and regulations, satisfy our cor -

porate requirements properly and achieve our Siemens-wide
environmental targets according to our environmental pro
gram. Our EHS Management rules are generally binding for
continuing operations of Siemens. We conduct regular internal
audits to review our performance and progress and create a
loop of continuous improvement.

#.H.H.8 1/1 :2/-1/+. &<: 20:.-

One of the most important things we do in the context of envi

ronmental protection is to monitor and optimize our energy
and resource ef ciency. For this reason, in scal #"$#, Siemens

has launched Serve the Environment , a new enterprise-wide
environmental program. We committed to the following main

program targets:

> to continue systematically our effort to improve energy
ef ciency , which shall also lead to an improvement of our
carbon dioxide ef ciency;

> to increase our waste ef ciency by $% annually by scal
#"$); and

> to reduce our waste for disposal by $% annually by scal #"$).

Furthermore, Siemens uses a new approach to water resources
management developed in #"$#. In locations where there are
particular risks about water (for example as a result of aridity,
high waste-water loads or poorly developed technical infra
structure), we de ne targets matched to local conditions and
thereby effectively reduce risks and negative impacts on the
environment. Finally, our environmental program also ad
dresses air pollution, de ning alternative solutions for any
ozone-depleting substances still in legally permissible use and
generating a complete solvent balance sheets — even those
we use in quantities below statutory minimum thresholds. We
achieve the implementation of our program targets by inte
grating local targets and measures at our sites into our existing

environmental management systems.

We measure environmental impact and the results of our envi
ronmental program using an IT-based environmental informa
tion system. We calculate our key performance indicators
(KPIs) for all of ce and production sites of environmental rele
vance using environmental data gathered quarterly. The base
year to which all year-on-year comparisons relate is scal #"$".
We calculate environmental performance on a portfolio-adjust
ed basis. This approach enables us to survey and compare our
environmental performance over time, regardless of acquisi
tions and disposals.

We have recently re ned the methodology employed to deter -
mine our energy ef ciency. We now use a single KPI which incor -
porates weighted calculations of the primary energy input for all

of the energy sources used at our sites. This KPI takes into

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and
93 C.% Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks

account the amount of energy used to extract, convert and dis -
tribute the fuels consumed. Fossil energy sources receive a higher
primary energy factor than renewable energy sources. Siemens
sites can accordingly increase their energy ef ciency and reduce
the impact on natural resources of their energy demands b y stra -

tegically adjusting their choice of energy sources.

We achieved all of the targets we set ourselves in scal #"$#.

Our energy ef ciency rose by &% compared with the base year.

We also made progress with our waste ef ciency, which im -
proved by *% compared with the base year, while waste for
disposal fell by )% measured against the base year quantity.

* HJ Employees

pit. <l: 72-/ #177" #42:6 %
Year ended September #6,

"6!" "ol!
Employee uctuation rate 10.7% 12.9%
Proportion of women (percentage of
employees in management positions) 15.3% 14.6%
Expenses for continuing education
(in millions of 8) * 283 251
Expenses per employee for continuing
education (in 8) ~ 693 608

1 Continuing and discontinued oper ations.

i

Employee fluctuation rate is defined as the ratio of voluntary and involuntary exits
from Siemens during the fiscal year to the average number of employees.

Without travel expenses.

Excellent employees are one of Siemens vital strengths. They
have made Siemens what it is today and their expertise, their
capabilities and their high level of engagement are laying the
basis for our future success. To stay competitive we need to
continuously win and retain the best and brightest employees
worldwide. As an employer of choice we empower our diverse
and engaged people worldwide based on a high-performance
culture, encourage life-long learning and development, offer
an attractive working environment and ensure occupational
health and safety.

1-< &,116 E, 610-1/+6 .62
| (/ 5 E3<40/=4) *

7 61<+1-E1: 34, 84%8

Fair-minded collaboration among Company management, em -
ployees and employee representatives plays a central role at
Siemens. As one of the largest corporate employers in Germany

and worldwide we are committed to our social responsibility and

respect and uphold the fundamental rights of our employees.

In scal #"$#, more than #&*,""" Siemens employees (excluding
OSRAM) took part in our worldwide employee survey relating to
employee engagement (Siemens Global Engagement Survey
#"$#). The survey was globally distributed in )" languages
across our Company. The results continue to demonstrate the
strong commitment of our employees to Siemens, its values and
its strategy. The survey results also identify potential areas for
further improvement, which will be assessed by the Company.

#.H.N.%&11:6'+,

As a global player, the vast and diverse range of our employ -
ees capabilities, experience and quali cations forms a sub -
stantial competitive advantage and supports our value propo -
sition as an employer.

The Global Diversity Of ce coordinates strategies, measures and
programs across Siemens following these Diversity-principles:

> we want to have the best person for every position;

> we want to provide opportunities for diversity of experience
and interaction; and

> we want to achieve diversity of thinking across our Company.

Diversity networks and programs — Our Global networks pro
mote and discuss diversity topics across the Company, such as
the Global Leadership Organization of Women (GLOW), Diversi

ty Ambassador and Generations Networks. In addition, we have

over $"" local employee networks worldwide with employees
actively engaged in diversity-related programs and activities.
Diversity Charter — Since its launch in December #"$", more
than $).""" Siemens employees have pledged their support by
signing the Siemens Diversity Charter showcasing a strong
grass-roots support for diversity at Siemens.

1-< 8,116 E, :10°2/6 .6 2
| (5 E3<40/=4) %

7 61<+1-E1: 34, 84%8

Other: 36 (10%)

Energy:
86 (23%) J

Financial Services:
3 (1%)

Healthcare:
51 (14%)

Infrastructure &Cities:
89 (24%)

Industry:

105 (28%) |

Asia, Australia: 63 (17%)
J therein China: 31 (8%)

19 (5%)

Europe, C.LS.°, Africa, ——————~ therein India:
Middle East: 222 (60%)
therein Germany:
119 (32%)

Americas: 84 (23%)

therein U.S.: 57 (15%)

| 1 Continuing operations.

129 C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130) Cl!
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

134 C.\"

1 Continuing operations.

2 Common wealth of Independent States.

135. D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements

@GD
@G!

Diversity Scorecard | — To measure our progress in the area of
diversity, we have a scorecard based on ve parameters, which

we track yearly and compare to prior years: These ve parame -
ters include professional knowledge, diversity at all levels,
composition of our top talent pool, culture and branding, and
experience mix.

Diversity in management — We ve developed our manage -
ment recruitment processes to ensure that the preliminary se -
lection of candidates re ects the diversity of our customers

and employees at all levels and in all regions. For example the
percentage of women in management at Siemens globally has

today nearly doubled since scal #""# to $(.!%.

Work-life integration — A growing number of employees seek
more exibility in how they balance work with the rest of their

lives, for example, childcare responsibilities. At many of our lo -
cations worldwide, we now provide options for exible work
schedules, part-time work and telecommuting. At the same

time, particularly in Germany, we are expanding the availabili -
ty of childcare options near the Company, such as nurseries,

daycare centers and children s after-school centers — taking lo-
cal conditions into account.
#.H.N.8 &.:/°/0 /* #2/V-/V/01*) #. 4°2/

We aim to further develop the quali cation and expertise of

our employees at all locations. In scal #"$#, we invested
around %#&! million for continuing education (without travel
expenses), which equals about %*’! per employee. These ex -
penses include training courses and programs both for individ -
ual employees and for entire organizational units or categories

of employees. For example, we prepare our next-generation
managers for their future responsibilities through the Siemens
Leadership Excellence Program. So-called Siemens Core Learn -
ing Programs impart skills and capabilities speci c to the re -
quirements of particular job categories at Siemens and are an
important lever for the systematic development of our employ -
ees worldwide. Functional training measures address the de -
velopment of specic skills within particular business func -
tions. Cross-functional training improves skills and capabilities

that are relevant across multiple job categories or business
functions.

Siemens continues to be one of Germany s largest providers of
professional education for secondary school graduates (+.#""

places for Siemens trainees and #.*"" places for trainees from

other companies). As in previous years, we again made #("

trainee positions available to disadvantaged youths. In addi -
tion, we offer for the rst time a professional education ac -
cording to the German system to #’ school graduates coming

from $! European countries.

#H.N.3 6)<<2:4°/0

909 <1: 72:-./ #1 #) &):1

To ensure high performance at all levels, our compensation
system for our top executives and senior management world -
wide includes a variable component that depends on three tar -
get categories: Unit Performance (against internal nancial

targets as well as further strategic unit targets, such as perfor -
mance against competition), Individual Performance and
Siemens Performance.

#.H.N.$ O82 E. &6'1-1/610’+, — #) &):1

Siemens established its rst employee share program in Ger -
many as early as $’*’, following the Company s reorganization
as a stock exchange-listed corporation. The aim was to enable

as many employees as possible to participate in Siemens long-

term future development. Over the years, thousands of em -
ployees in Germany have acquired Siemens shares with the
Company s nancial support. Building on this success in Ger -
many, Siemens Managing Board decided in #""& to extend
employee and management participation. In the same year,

the rst wave of the new global Share Matching Plan was

rolled out in seven countries. Today, Siemens offers approxi -
mately *)% of its employees in () countries the opportunity to
participate in the plan. The Share Matching Plan is based on a

simple principle: Employees participating in the plan will re -
ceive one Siemens share without payment of consideration
(matching share) for every three Siemens shares bought and
continuously held over a period of three years. Only condition:

The employee still needs to be employed by Siemens. Clear
purpose of the plan has always been to make stock ownership
available to employees at all income levels.

We are convinced that empowering employees with shares moti -
vates them to assume greater responsibilities and helps them

identify more closely with the company they work for — a funda-
mental prerequisite for the sustainable development of Siemens.

In #"$$, the Global Equity Organization (GEO), the largest inter -
national organization concerned with share plans and equity-

based compensation, presented Siemens AG with the Judges

Award — for overall excellence with regard to global bene t
schemes. Siemens AG was commended by the GEO jury for its
strategy of establishing a truly global equity culture within the
Company, taking all employees worldwide into consideration.

#.H.N.= 1- <82,11 :°094+6 /* 21
+2 1-< &,11 :1<:161/++7116

We aim to respect and uphold the fundamental rights of our

& +°2/6

employees. Underscoring this commitment, Siemens, the
Siemens Central Works Council, the German trade union IG
Metall and the global industrial union IndustriAll have signed
an international framework agreement on the principles of
corporate responsibility. The agreement reafrms Siemens

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
commitment to fundamental employee rights — which already
appl y worldwide and are rmly anchored in the Business Con -

duct Guidelines.

#.H.N.5S 2##) <.4?2/. &6. 71+,

J * O91, &9- /.01-1/4+

Occupational safety and health management are key elements

of our company s sustainability strategy and an integral part of

our business processes. We therefore develop central projects

and processes that are then applied locally in conjunction with
programs that are individually adapted to the respective busi -
ness activity. Occupational safety and health management are

an integral part of our Business Conduct Guidelines, our inter -
nal monitoring systems, and our risk management and inter -
nal control systems. In addition, occupational safety is part of

an international framework agreement between Siemens AG,

the Central Works Council of Siemens AG, IG Metall and the
global union IndustriAll.
Promote a culture of safety — In the past, occupational safety
was often characterized by a focus on technical protective mea -
sures, an approach which achieved considerable success. We

are convinced, however, that further improvement can be
achieved only through an actively practiced occupational safety

culture and optimum working conditions — in every country and
for all Siemens employees as well as those of our contractor
partners. Both as a company and as individuals we are responsi -
ble for ensuring that the working environment at Siemens is

safe at all times and for every employee. At present, local best
practices exist which we can build on. We will achieve sustain -

ability, however, only through a global and consistent approach.

Our customers, suppliers and regulatory authorities expect

high safety standards from us. We aim to meet their expecta -
tions worldwide through our Zero Harm Culture @ Siemens
program, comprising three principles:

> zero accidents is achievable;
> we make no compromises on safety and health; and
> we look out for one another.

The pr ogram receives global support and has a local orienta -
tion. That means we start by analyzing the current status and

the safety situation locally, with the aim of learning from posi -
tive examples and optimizing processes through improvement
potential. The program will be launched globally — under the
responsibility of the Sectors | — at the beginning of scal #"$!.
Regrettably, we report four work-related fatalities of Siemens
employees and $( work-related fatalities of contractors in scal
#"$#. In the previous year there were three fatalities involving
Siemens employees and twelve involving contractors.

Promoting health
dar d of occupational health and safety to avoid work-related
health risks and promote employees health with a sustain
able approach. We help our employees assume responsibility
for their own personal behavior in health-related matters,
and support health-promoting general conditions within the
Company. We promote the physical, mental and social well-
being of our employees through a range of activities govern
ing the ve topics of healthy work environment, psychoso
cial well-being, physical activity, healthy nutrition and medi
cal care.

We also de ned requirements for a Siemens health management
system (HMS) which provides a Siemens-wide approach to con
trolling health management in a systematic and sustainable
manner. Company units can revert to it if they want to integrate
health in the organizational structure and working processes.

* H..K Compliance

psd. <l: 72:-/ #177? #42:6 %

— Siemens has established a high stan

Year ended September #6,

"ol" "ol!
Inquiries submitted to the
Ask us help desk 1,009 1,740
Incidents reported to the
Tell us help desk and the ombudsman 715 787
therein treated as plausible 612 683
Disciplinary sanctions 266 306
therein warnings 173 179
therein dismissals 73 77
therein other 20 50

1 Continuing and discontinued oper ations.

2 Includes los s of variable and voluntary compensation elements,
transfer and suspension.

The Siemens Business Conduct Guidelines provide the ethical
and legal framework within which we conduct our business
activities. Our compliance system aims to ensure that all our
worldwide business practices remain within this framework as
well as in compliance with applicable laws. To serve this pur
pose, our compliance system includes three pillars: prevent,
detect and respond. We are continuously working on further
integrating compliance into our business activities, and on
strengthening our efforts in combating corruption, together
with other market participants and governmental organiza
tions (Collective Action).

To measure perceptions related to compliance among Siemens
employees, we have continued conducting regular surveys of
the large majority of Siemens employees. Since scal #"$",

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 Cl"

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements
compliance perception forms a part of the annual Siemens
Global Engagement Survey which has also been conducted in
the reporting period.

The Ask us help desk encourages our employees to ask their
compliance-related questions. Employees submitted $,""" in
quiries to the help desk in scal #"$#. We believe the decline
from $,+)" inquiries in scal #"$$ is due to improvements made
in our processes and to increasing knowledge and understand
ing of compliance policies and processes among Siemens em
ployees. Furthermore, all employees can pose questions direct
ly to the compliance of cer responsible for their unit.

The Tell us help desk and the Company s ombudsman are two
secured reporting channels that can be used by our employees

and external stakeholders to report violations of external and
internal rules. These reports are passed on to our compliance
organization. In scal #"$#, the number of incidents reported

to the Tell us help desk and the ombudsman was +$(, of these

*$# were initially plausible and required further inquiries or in
vestigations in order to clarify the reported incidents.

Furthermore, possible misbehavior may also be reported di
rectly to the Compliance Organization, particularly to the Com
pliance Of cers in our individual company units. Our employ
ees make regularly use of this reporting channel. We perceive
this as an indication of the con dence they place in our Com
pliance Organization.

On December ’, #""’, Siemens launched a global US$$"" mil
lion Siemens Integrity Initiative to support organizations and
projects that ght corruption and fraud through Collective Ac
tion, education and training. This initiative is part of the World
Bank Siemens AG comprehensive settlement of July #, #""”.
The status of the !$ projects funded within the rst funding
round with a total contractual funding volume of US$!+.+ mil
lion was presented to the World Bank in March #"$#, based on
the rst annual report on the Siemens Integrity Initiative
which is online publicly available.

L #2-< &/ #1 <P 274716 1 771#+ TL 7, 84%3

On October $#, #"$#, the Company received the Year Four
Report from the Compliance Monitor Dr. Theodor Waigel,
whom Siemens had engaged as part of the settlement reached
with U.S. authorities in December #""&. During Year Four, the
Monitor evaluated the long-term sustainability of Siemens
compliance program and its compliance risk assessment and
compliance program evaluation processes, in addition to risk-
based themes and the implementation of Year Two and Year
Three recommendations. As was set forth in the Settlement
Agreement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), this Year Four
Report contains ($) an evaluation of the open recommenda
tions from the Year Two and Year Three Reports plus (#) again a
certi cation by the Compliance Monitor that the compliance
program of Siemens, including its policies and procedures, is
reasonably designed and implemented to detect and prevent
violations within Siemens of anti-corruption laws. The Year
Four report also states that all recommendations from Year
Two and Year Three reports are fully implemented. Since the
Year Four Report does not include any new recommendations,
this means that all recommendations of the Monitor are fully
implemented. As was set forth in the aforementioned settle
ment, the Monitorship ends four years after the settlement
date on December $(, #"$#.

At the beginning of scal #"$$, we have launched a system of
four compliance priorities to further develop and improve our
compliance system. The compliance priorities have guided our
activities in scal #"$#. These included initial implementation
of a new compliance risk assessment covering all Siemens en
tities, which the Sectors, Divisions and Clusters as well as
cross-sector businesses are required to perform on a regular
basis, and the development and roll out of a new anti-trust
compliance program.

Effective from scal #"$! we have updated the compliance
priorities as follows:

mpliance pri

Our aim is to further encourage We want to leverage the
Compliance system to support
sustainable growth and

as a competitive advantage

busines s management respon-
sibility for compliance and to
continue promoti

responsible
business pra in our markets
with Collective Action and

the Siemens Integrity Initiative

We continue to develop the

com pliance r isk management
and to provid iable
for our business entities

We focus on increasing the ef -
ciency of compliance operations
and collaboration

irance

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82 C$ Financial position 111 ©.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks

These compliance priorities will also determine our goals for
scal #"$!. Our ongoing aim is to encourage sound business
judgment that is based upon management responsibility for
compliance and backed by robust assurance provided by the
compliance organization.

* H.,, Corporate citizenship

Siemens is committed to providing long-term bene ts to the
societies in which we operate, through corporate citizenship
activities that extend beyond our actual business operations.
We deploy many different resources to act on this commit
ment, with a particular emphasis on company competencies
and employee volunteering. Fundamental to corporate citizen
ship at Siemens is our commitment t
pact, a principle-based framework for businesses, and to the
U.N. Millennium Development Goals, a set of eight interna
tional development goals that member states have agreed to
achieve by #"$(. We also maintain an ongoing dialogue with
key opinion-makers around the world.

We apply high management standards and strategically focus
our corporate citizenship activities in areas where our resource
es and expertise can make a meaningful difference:

> Education and Science: Our goal is to maintain a continu
ous dialogue with young people and to identify and foster
talent from an early age on. We support educational and re
search activities particularly in natural sciences, engineer
ing and healthcare.

o the U.N. Global Com

> Social: Projects in this area aim to bring about a systematic
and lasting improvement in people s living conditions. In ad
dition we provide urgent humanitarian relief, including
nancial and technical assistance after natural disasters.

> Environment: We want to make an effective contribution to
wards protecting the environment, particularly through our
core competencies, and raise environmental awareness
among younger generations.

> Arts and Culture: We support Arts and Culture because a so
ciety s cultural heritage is a key aspect of its identity.

The Siemens S_ tiftung — The Siemens Stiftung is dedicated to

the values of Werner von Siemens and wants to empower peo
ple to actively contribute towards social development. It focus
es on holistic, non-business-related, transferable projects and
models in sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America and Europe, with
a particular emphasis on Germany.

Established in #""& with a capital of %!’" million, Siemens
Stiftung is a nonpro t foundation under German civil law. It
complements Siemens corporate citizenship activities and
cooper ates with the other ve corporate foundations estab
lished by the Company in Argentina, Brazil, Columbia, the
United States and France.

* J D3 D5 3/ APA‘SA= =ACA3 A/54
O/= 0443 *.05A= :05AD.01 223 D5</.5.A4 0/= D.4M4

* J. Report on expected developments

#.N.%.B2: &B?*1 1#2/2-,

According to predictions of IHS Global Insight, global GDP
growth is expected to stabilize in #"$!, but at #.*% it would re
main below its long-term trend rate of around !.(%. The eco
nomic outlook is dampened mainly by the unstable situation

in Europe, as the continuing stagnation of growth and nan

cial uncertainty in this region cause headwinds for global de
mand and the global economy in general. Furthermore, auto
matic spending cuts and tax increases that could take effect in

the U.S. at the beginning of #"$! ( scal cliff) could have a

major negative impact on the U.S. and the global economy.
Moreover, geopolitical tensions in North Africa and the Middle
East may lead to a surge in oil prices, which could further ham
per global economic activity. On the upside, the global econo
my could gain support from expansive monetary measures in
emerging markets and developed economies, especially the
long-term bond-buying program (Quantitative Easing !, or
QE!) in the U.S. and the government bond purchase program
(Outright Monetary Transactions, OMT) of the European Cen
tral Bank, and an increase in scal spending in China. Overall,
GDP growth is expected to continue to be markedly higher in
emerging markets than in industrialized countries.

135. D. Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. — Additional Information

129 C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report

@@@
@@"

Europe s economic performance is expected to remain slug
gish in the years ahead, as the region s crisis countries will con
tinue to suffer from high government debt levels, tight scal
policies and high levels of unemployment. The weak economic
development in the south is forecast to continue to dampen
northern export economies such as Germany. Nevertheless,
Germany should still be able to grow slightly due to strength
ened domestic demand. In particular private consumption is
expected to grow further due to low unemployment and solid
growth in real wages. Exports could continue to contribute to
growth despite the deep recessions in many Euro-area econo
mies, because non-Eurozone countries are becoming more and
more important for German exporters. The geopolitical devel
opment in the Middle East and Africa has a strong in uence on
oil prices and thus on costs in global supply chains. For exam
ple, sanctions including oil embargos against Iran and spillover
effects of political turmoil in Syria could lead to higher oil pric
es and a slowdown of economic activity.

Within the
handling of the scal cliff, which if it takes place would result

Americas , much in the U.S. will depend on the

in expiration of broad-based personal income tax cuts and im
plementation of federal spending cuts. These in turn could
lead to a recession in the U.S. Some support for the economy
will come from the Federal Reserve Bank. QE!, the decision of
the Federal Reserve to make monthly purchases of mortgage-
backed securities worth US$)" billion, should lower longer-
term interest rates and support investment spending and the
real estate market in #"$!. Latin America is expected to pro t
from reacceleration of growth in Brazil, which should bene t
from the expansive monetary policy of the Brazilian Central
Bank. Beyond that, Brazil s planned investments related to the
upcoming World Cup in #"$) and the Olympic Games in #"$*
should provide a strong scal stimulus.

In Asia , China and India continue to be major growth engines.
The increase in government spending should help China s
economy counteract the negative effect of low export de
mand. Growth in Asia is also supported by other fast-growing
countries including Indonesia and Vietnam, whose production
should expand by (% to *% in the coming years. The outlook
for Japan is less optimistic. For #"$! growth will slow down
again, as consumer spending is still subdued and de ation risk
has increased again. India could bene t from its announced
macroeconomic reform package. The Indian rupee, which lost
#(% of its value between July #"$$ and September #"$#, stabi
lized after the announcement. The underdeveloped infrastruc
ture of the country is still a major risk for industrial growth.
Major grid failures due to a persistent energy supply-demand
gap can severely hurt economic activity.

1 A. To our Shareholders

All in all, growth in global GDP is expected to gradually go back
to the pre-crisis trend of around !.(% in #"$). Nevertheless, the
nancial crisis in the advanced economies will have a lasting
effect. For example, there remain signi cant downside risks of

a new escalation of the European sovereign debt crisis. On the
other hand, a fast resolution of the crisis could bring growth
back to trend sooner than expected.

Gross xed investments in real terms are expected to grow
faster than GDP in both #"$! and #"$). On a global basis, IHS
Global Insight is estimating ).#% growth in gross xed invest
ments in #"$! and (.+% growth in #"$). In both years the Asia,
Australia and Americas regions are expected to achieve clear
growth in gross xed investments while the Europe, C.LS.,
Africa, Middle East region is lagging behind, mainly due to low
investment levels in Europe.

Manufacturing value added in real terms is also projected to
grow somewhat faster than GDP. On a global basis, IHS Global
Insight is estimating !.+% growth in manufacturing value add
ed in #"$! and ).*% growth in #"$). Clear growth above the
global average is expected in the Asia, Australia region. Growth
in the Americas and Europe, C.LS., Africa, Middle East, particu
larly in Europe, is expected to be markedly slower than in Asia,
Australia.

The forecasts presented here for gross domestic product, gross
xed investment and manufacturing value are based on a re
port from IHS Global Insight dated October $(, #"$#. Siemens
has not independently veri ed this data.

#.N.%.8- 2514+ *1IL &<-1/+

We expect the growth of markets served by our
to recover somewhat from the downturn in scal #"$# and to
return to moderate growth in the scal years #"$! and #"$). On

an overall basis, we expect generally strong demand from
emerging markets, which continue to expand their power infra
structures, and from developed economies, which need to
modernize their aging energy infrastructures and have com
mitted to implementing environment-friendly energy policies.
Overall, the global market development for Energy depends to
a large degree on resolution of the sovereign debt crisis in a
number of developed countries. Nevertheless, for scal year
#"$! we expect the fossil power generation market to return to
prior levels. For the wind onshore market we expect a at de
velopment, with the regions Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East
and Asia, Australia offsetting a drop in demand in the U.S. Off
shore wind markets are expected to regain growth momentum
following slack demand in scal #"$#. Price pressure is expect
ed to remain very strong. The energy transmission markets are
expected to grow moderately over the next two scal years.

21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93

C.%

Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks

Energy Sector
For the next two scal years, we expect the healthcare markets
in which our Healthcare
ately but below the long-term growth rates anticipated for this
industry. Public healthcare systems have been under cost pres
sure for some time, and this situation is likely to continue
while governments address their high sovereign debt levels
particularly in the U.S. and the Eurozone. In the U.S., a health
care reform was enacted in the spring of #"$". In particular in
connection with this reform, it is currently expected that an
excise tax will be charged on certain medical devices from
#"$! onwards. Siemens believes that this tax will impact all
businesses except of Audiology. A continuing trend towards
Accountable Care is driving provider consolidation and closer
alignment between hospitals and physicians. Emerging mar
kets will continue to be a growth driver, particularly China with
double digit growth rates. In Europe we expect overall at best a
at market environment.

Due to an uncertain economic outlook, the
pects that most of its customers will continue to invest cau
tiously in scal #"$!. In the years ahead we expect markets, in
cluding those served by the Industry Automation Division and
certain businesses within the Drive Technologies Division, to
return to their long-term moderate growth rates. The excep
tion is the still relatively small but dynamic market segment for
industrial IT, which we expect to grow signi cantly faster. In
emerging markets, we expect that Industry customers will
continue to expand and modernize their production capabili
ties. In developed economies, we expect that our customers
will focus on modernizing their production facilities, though
the actual development of investments may differ by country
and industrial market segment.

Worldwide markets for solutions provided by our
ture &Cities Sector bene t from the long-term global trend to
wards urbanization. We expect the Sector s markets to grow
moderately in scal #"$!, including large infrastructure proj
ects in rail systems. We anticipate that this will include bal
anced growth across our reporting regions in scal #"$!. For
scal #"$) we expect a slowdown in growth. While the Ameri
cas and Asia, Australia are expected to continue their moder
ate growth, demand in Europe, C.LS., Africa, Middle East is ex
pected to decline due mainly to a declining demand in Europe.
We expect that growth in the rail transportation and logistics
markets in scal #"$! will bene t from large rail projects, par
ticularly in the Europe, C.LS., Africa, Middle East region. We ex
pect a lower number of large projects in scal #"$) and an as
sociated slowdown in market growth. Overall, the develop
ment of the markets for products, solutions and services for
rail transportation and logistics is largely driven by public
spending. As customers in these markets usually have multi-

Sector participates to expand moder

Industry Sector ex

Infrastruc-

year planning and implementation horizons, they tend to be
independent of short-term economic trends. For the low and
medium voltage and smart grid markets we anticipate slight
growth in #"$! and somewhat faster growth in scal #"$). De
spite continued demand for energy ef ciency solutions, we ex
pect growth in building and construction markets to slow
down in scal #"$!, with some improvement in #"$) particu
larly in the U.S.

Following its reorganization at the beginning of scal #'$#,
SFS business is geared even more to the Siemens Sectors and
their markets and provides even stronger support to the oper
ating business of Siemens. As such SFS is, among other fac
tors, in uenced by the overall business development of the
markets served by the four Sectors.

#N.%.36'1-1/6 0: 2)<
Results of operations

We are basing our outlook for the Siemens Group and its seg
ments on the above-mentioned expectations regarding the
overall economic situation and speci c market conditions over
the next two scal years. The outlook is based also on an ex
change rate of US$$.#( per %. We further expect that results for
scal #"$! and particularly scal #"$) will be in uenced by
Siemens #"$), our company-wide program for improving
pro tability in our Sectors through cost reduction, strengthen
ing core activities, improving our go-to-market setup, optimiz
ing our corporate infrastructure, and simplifying our gover
nance. Speci c expectations related to Siemens #"$) are de
tailed in the paragraphs below.

We expect that revenue
reached in scal #"$# on an organic basis. We expect revenue
development to bene t from conversion of our order backlog
(de ned as the sum of order backlogs of our Sectors) of %’&
billion as of September !", #'$#. From this backlog we expect
to convert approximately %)$ billion of past orders into current
revenue in scal #"$! and approximately %#! billion into reve
nue in scal #"$). Within these numbers for scal #"$!, we ex
pect approximately %#$ billion in revenue conversion from the
%(( billion backlog of the Energy Sector, approximately %$" bil
lion in revenue conversion from the %#) billion backlog of In

frastructure &Cities, appr oximately %+ billion in revenue con

version from the %$$ billion backlog of Industry and approxi

mately %! billion in revenue conversion from the %+ billion

backlog of Healthcare. Based on an expected overall improve
ment in the markets served by our Sectors, we expect revenue
to return to moderate growth in scal #"$). We also expect rev
enue from emerging markets, which accounted for !!% of total
revenue in scal #"$#, to grow faster than overall revenue in
the coming two scal years.

in scal #"$! will approach the level

135. D. Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. — Additional Information
129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134. C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report

@@>
@@?

We expect that the revenue growth rate for our Environmental
Portfolio will be higher than for Siemens overall. In scal #"$",

we set ourselves the goal to increase revenue from our Environ -
mental Portfolio to more than %)" billion in scal #"$), up from

%!'! billion in scal #"$#. Due to the planned disposals men -
tioned earlier, including OSRAM, the Water Technologies Busi -
ness Unit, and our solar business, we believe it will be much

more challenging to achieve this goal. For further information

see —> #.3.8.3 7/*)6+:, and —> #.3.8.%1/1:0, _, respectively.

The goal of the Siemens #"$) program mentioned above is to

raise our Total Sectors prot margin to at least $#% by scal

#"$). To achieve this goal, we are targeting productivity gains
totaling approximately %* billion over the next two scal years.

In the area of cost reduction, we intend to derive approximately

%! billion from better integrating engineering, purchasing and
production processes and overall material productivity; approxi -

mately %$ billion from further improving global capacity utiliza
tion and presence; and approximately %$ billion from improving
ef ciency and quality in production processes and project exe -
cution. The remaining portion of the productivity gains is spread

over a number of smaller topics, including our go-to-market set -
up, worldwide infrastructure, and governance processes.

To achieve the targeted results, our Sectors are undertaking a

broad range of measures expected to lead to charges totaling

up to %$.( billion over the next two scal years. We anticipate
recording approximately %$." billion of these charges in scal

#"$! and the balance in scal #"$). The Total Sectors prot

margin target of at least $#% mentioned above takes into con -
sideration a number of expectations for scal #"$), including:
moderate revenue growth; all four sectors in their EBITDA mar -
gin ranges, due in part to the productivity gains described

above; pricing pressure in the range of #.(% to !."% per year;

and moderate cost increases including wage developments. In
addition, we expect that in uences on pro tability from acqui-

sitions and disposals will be broadly offsetting over the next

two scal years. We expect acquisitions to be highly accretive

to pro tability in the medium term.

For scal #"$!, we expect income from continuing opera -

tions in the range from %).( to %(." billion, including the ef
fect of early adoption of International Accounting Standard $’

Revised (IAS $’R). Based on our above-mentioned goal of a To
tal Sectors pro t margin of at least $#% by scal #"$), we ex -
pect scal #"$) income from continuing operations to show

strong improvement compared to scal #"$!. This forecast ex -
cludes impacts related to legal and regulatory matters and sig -

ni cant portfolio effects.

Results of operations in scal #"$! will include adoption of IAS
$’R. We anticipate that IAS $’R will signi cantly impact Income

from continuing operations, due primarily to an increase in cen -
trally carried pension expense within Corporate items and

. We adopted IAS $’R after the close of scal #"$#, on a
retrospective basis. On a preliminary basis, had IAS $’R been ap -

pensions

plied in scal #"$#, the impact on Income from continuing op -
erations for scal #"$# would have been approximately a
negative %".! billion after tax, resulting in Income from continu -
ing operations of approximately %).’ billion for scal #"$#. For
scal #"$!, we expect pension expense on a similar level com -
pared to scal #"$#, including the effect of IAS $’R in both years.

We are exposed to currency translation effects, involving the

US$, British £ and currencies of emerging markets such as
China, India and Br azil. We expect volatility in global currency
markets to continue in scal #"$!. Given that Siemens is a net
exporter from the Eurozone to the rest of world, a weak Euro is
principally favorable for our business and a strong Euro is prin -
cipally unfavorable. Through adaptation of our production facil -
ities during the recent past, we have improved our natural

hedge on a global basis. In addition, we have already systemati -
cally addressed the remaining currency risk in our export busi -
> 1/241 3% 7/*.5 1 2416 +2 #2/ -
#. &6++1-1/+6 . We expect these steps to help

ness activities for scal #"$!, see
628* 41* V//

to limit effects on income related to currency in scal #"$!.

Our most important nancial goal is capital ef ciency, which
we measure in terms of adjusted return on capital employed
(ROCE (adjusted) ). Due mainly to our expectations regarding
the development of income from continuing operations, we
expect ROCE (adjusted) on a continuing basis around the lower
end of our target range of $(% to #"% in scal #"$!, and in the
upper half of the range in scal #"$). This expectation ex -
cludes signi cant portfolio effects, in particular potential ac

quisitions, which may substantially increase our capital em
ployed and therefore reduce ROCE. For further information see
D#HST// #.&<1:72:-/ #1 -1.6):16

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share -
holders. In the years ahead we intend to propose a dividend

payout which, combined with outlays for share buybacks dur -
ing the scal year, results in a sum representing )"% to *"% of

Net income, which for this purpose we may adjust to exclude
exceptional non-cash effects.

Financial position

We intend to remain conservative with regard to our nancial
position, including liquidity, in order to maintain operational
and strategic exibility. We expect Free cash ow from con -
tinuing operations in scal #"$! and #'$) to be burdened by
substantial cash out ows related to the program-related charg -
es included in our Siemens #"$) program as discussed above.

For Free cash ow, we anticipate that the recent trend of some -

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
what lower prepayments will continue, as customers seek to
maintain their liquidity. Along with these effects, we expect
continued signi cant out ows for investing activities
next two years. SFS intends to continue with its growth strate
gy focused on the business areas of our Sectors. Furthermore,
we expect signi cant out ows for strengthening our core ac
tivities in connection with Siemens #"$). This already in
cludes our previously announced acquisition of LMS for ap
proximately %".+ billion. For comparison, we spent %$.! billion
for acquisitions in scal #"$#. Among the planned divestments
mentioned above, the intended method of divesting OSRAM,
through a spin-off of the majority of shares to shareholders in
scal #"$!, will have no cash impact on our nancial position.

We intend to maintain our focus on net working capital man
agement as an important factor within operating activities,
and on investments in intangible and tangible assets within
cash used in investing activities. For both net working capital
and capital investments in intangible assets and property,
plant and equipment, we take into account both the macro

economic environment and our own order growth. We will re
tain our stringent approval process for capital investments,
which goes up to the Managing Board. For further informa
tion,see > #$.$ #.<’+. &:162): #16 ./* :1()’:1-1/46

In the area of investment planning
vesting in our established markets, such as to safeguard mar
ket share and competitive advantages based on technological
innovation. We will also continue investing in emerging mar
kets, such as for increasing our capacities for designing, manu
facturing and marketing new solutions within these markets.
With regard to capital expenditures of our Sectors in property
plant and equipment and intangible assets, we expect scal
#"$! spending on the level of scal #"$#.

Energy plans to invest mainly in innovation and in expanding
its global footprint to secure organic growth and competitive
ness by achieving cost leadership. These investments include
further spending in the extension of capacities and facilities
such as for the technology-driven wind power market, particu
larly in northern Europe. The Healthcare Sector continues to
invest in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
including developing and implementing software and IT solu
tions relating mainly to the medical imaging, therapy systems
and laboratory diagnostics businesses. The Industry Sector in
tends with its investments mostly to strengthen its regional
footprint in emerging markets. This includes further invest
ments in replacing products and ramping up capacities, partic
ularly at Industry Automation in China, and implementing ad
ditional productivity measures, particularly at Drive Technolo
gies. The Infrastructure
regional footprint in emerging markets and its position in fast-

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 Cll
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

in the

, we expect to continue in

&Cities Sect or plans to strengthen its

growing market segments. This includes innovation projects
at low- and medium-voltage as well as investments related to
larger projects at Rail Systems.

With our ability to generate positive operating cash ows, our
total liquidity of %$$.)$( billion as of September !", #"$#, our
%* .& billion in undrawn lines of credit and our credit ratings at
year-end, we believe that we have suf cient exibility to fund
our capital requirements including scheduled debt service,
regular capital spending, ongoing cash requirements from op
erating and SFS nancing activities, dividend payments, pen
sion plan funding and portfolio activities. Also in our opinion,
our working capital is suf cient for the Company s present re
quirements.

For the medium-term we set ourselves a target for our
structure, de ned as the ratio of adjusted industrial net debt
to adjusted EBITDA. We seek to achieve a ratio in the range of
"(to $.". In scal #"$# we exercised the exibility built into
our capital structure for achieving other goals, including share
buybacks, resulting in a ratio of ".#). We expect to increase

this ratio during the next two scal years.

#.N.%.$610-1/+6

As for the Group, our outlook for our segments is based on the
above-mentioned expectations regarding the overall economic

situation and specic market conditions over the next two

scal years.

For scal #"$!, we expect orders to increase on an organic ba
sis year-over-year. We expect Total Sectors organic revenue in
#"$! to approach the level reached in scal #"$#. In particular,
we expect a revenue decline in Energy due in part to order de
velopment in scal #"$#, when the Sector s book-to-bill ratio
was below one. We anticipate that a challenging market en
vironment will continue to hold back revenue development in
Industry. Revenue in scal #"$! is expected to rise slightly
year-over-year in Healthcare and Infrastructure
we expect Total Sectors organic revenue to return to moderate
growth in scal #"$), this expectation is dependent particular
ly on businesses that are sensitive to short-term changes in
the economic environment.

Overall, volume development in our Sectors in the next two
scal years is expected to include pricing pressure, particularly
in Healthcare and Energy. We expect pricing pressure in scal

#"$! to be at a level similar to scal #"$#.

We expect Total Sectors prot in scal #"$! to be impacted
by the charges mentioned above related to the Siemens #"$)
program, totaling approximately %$." billion. Including their
respective portions of these charges, prot at Industry and

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

capital

&Cities. While

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
134 C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements
@@C

Infrastructure &Cities is expected to decline year-over-year. We
expect pro t at Energy to increase year-over-year despite pro -
gram-related charges, because the basis of comparison in

scal #"$# includes substantial pro t impacts related to large
complex projects and a change in credit risk assessment for

Iran. We expect that Healthcare will increase its prot year-
over-year, despite further charges related to its Agenda #"$!
initiative, in part because the Sector will bene t from the ini -
tiative s productivity measures which have been implemented

from the beginning of scal #"$#.

Looking ahead to scal #"$), we expect all four Sectors to in -
crease their pro t compared to scal #"$#, as part of our inten -
tion to raise our Total Sectors pro t margin to at least $#% by

scal #"$). We anticipate that these results will be based most -
ly on the productivity improvements we intend to achieve with

the Siemens #"$) program, combined with sharply lower
program-related charges in scal #"$) compared to scal #"$!.

EBITDA
for the respective industries of our four Sec -

As part of One Siemens, we have de ned adjusted
margin corridors
tors, which the Sectors seek to achieve and maintain through -
out the complete business cycle. For further information see

DHS TI #.&<1:72:-./ #1 -1.6):16
corridor is $"% to $(%; for Healthcare the margin corridor is

$(% to #"%; for Industry the margin corridor is $$% to $+%; and

for Infrastructure &Cities t he margin corridor is &% to $#%. De -

. For Energy the margin

spite the substantial charges we expect in scal #"$! related to

the Siemens #"$) program, we expect that only Infrastruc -
ture &Cities will remain below its corridor in scal #"$!. Based

on anticipated productivity improvements, we expect all four
Sectors to be within their EBITDA corridors by scal #"$).

We expect that Equity Investments will result in substantially
lower losses in scal #"$! compared to scal #"$#, which was
impacted by charges largely related to the repositioning mea -
sures at NSN mentioned above. We expect these charges to be
substantially lower in the next two years.

In the next two scal years, SFS intends to continue to expand

its efforts to meet the growing demand for nancial solutions,
particularly with regard to the business-to-business area that
involves both Siemens and external customers. Within One
Siemens, the target range for return on equity or ROE (after

tax) for SFS is $(% to #"%. We expect that SFS will continue to
reach this range in both scal #"$! and #"$). With regard to

pro t (de ned as income before income taxes), we anticipate

that scal #"$! pro t will be slightly below the level of scal

#"$#, which included a gain of %+& million on the sale of an in -

We expect that SRE will continue with real estate disposals de -
pending on market conditions, as it has in the past two years.

We expect results from Corporate items and pensions in scal

#"$! to be approximately a negative %$ billion.

#.N.%.=211:. &. 66166-1/+

In scal #"$!, Siemens begins implementation of Siemens

#"$), a company-wide program supporting our One Siemens
framework for sustainable value creation. The goal of the pro -
gram is to raise our Total Sectors pro t margin to at least $#%

by scal #"$).

In the rst year of the program, we expect moderate order

growth and revenue approaching the level of scal #"$#, both

on an organic basis. We expect income from continuing opera -
tions in the range from %).( to %(." billion, including the ef -
fect of retrospective adoption of IAS $’R. This includes charges
totaling approximately %$." billion for program-related produc -
tivity measures in the Sectors, with the productivity gains real -
ized in our results for scal #"$).

This outlook is based on a number of conditions, notably that
revenue develops as expected particularly for businesses that

are sensitive to short-term changes in the economic environ -
ment. Furthermore, it excludes impacts related to legal and
regulatory matters and signi cant portfolio effects. Overall,

the actual development for Siemens and its Segments may

vary, positively or negatively from our expectations due to the

> #.N.3: 76:6 as
well as —> #.N.$ 2<<2:+)/'+’16 . This report on expected devel -
> #.%8 2+16 ./*

risks and opportunities described below. See

opments should be read in conjunction with
72: B.:*- &2;°/0 64+.41-1/+6

* J.7 Risk manag ement

#.N.8.%E. O'# <2/ #<8d6

27 +91 26; -./.01-1/+

Our risk management policy stems from a philosophy of pur -
suing sustainable growth and creating economic value while
avoiding and managing inappropriate risks. As risk manage -
ment is an integral part of how we plan and execute our busi -
ness strategies, our risk management policy is set by the Man -
aging Board. Our organizational and accountability structure
requires each of the respective managements of our Sectors,

SFS, SRE, regional Clusters and Corporate Units to implement

risk management programs that are tailored to their speci c
industries and responsibilities, while being consistent with

the overall policy established by the Managing Board.

vestment.
1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
#.N.8.8 1/+1:<:’61 :’6; -./.01-1/+ <:2

We have implemented and coordinated a set of risk manage
ment and control systems which support us in the early recog
nition of developments jeopardizing the continuity of our
business. The most important of these systems include our en
terprise-wide processes for strategic planning and manage
ment reporting. Strategic planning is intended to support us in
considering potential risks well in advance of major business
decisions, while management reporting is intended to enable
us to monitor such risks more closely as our business pro
gresses. Our internal auditors regularly review the adequacy
and effectiveness of our risk management system. According
ly, if de cits are detected, it is possible to adopt appropriate
measures for their elimination. This coordination of processes
and procedures is intended to help ensure that the Managing
Board and the Supervisory Board are fully informed about sig
ni cant risks in a timely manner.

Risk management at Siemens is based on a comprehensive, in
teractive and management-oriented Enterprise Risk Manage
ment (ERM) approach that is integrated into the organization
and that addresses both risks and opportunities. Our ERM ap
proach is based on the worldwide accepted Enterprise Risk
Management —Integrated Framework developed by the Com
mittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commis
sion (COSO). The framework connects the ERM process with
our nancial reporting process and is closely integrated in our
internal control system. It considers a company
ef ciency and effectiveness of its business operations, the reli
ability of its nancial reporting as well as compliance with rel
evant laws and regulations to be equally important.

The ERM process aims for early identi cation and evaluation
of, and response regarding, risks and opportunities that could
materially affect the achievement of our strategic, operational,
nancial and compliance objectives. Our ERM is based on a net
risk approach, covering risks and opportunities remaining
after the execution of existing control measures. In order to
provide a comprehensive view on our business activities, risks
and opportunities are identi ed in a structured way combining
elements of both top-down and bottom-up approaches. Risks
and opportunities are generally reported on a quarterly basis.
This regular reporting process is complemented by an ad-hoc
reporting process that aims to escalate critical issues in a time
ly manner. Relevant risks and opportunities are prioritized in
terms of impact and likelihood, considering quantitative
and /or qualitative perspectives. The bottom-up identi cation
and prioritization process is supported by workshops with the
respective management of the Sector, SFS, SRE, regional Clus
ter and Corporate Unit organizations. This top-down element
ensures that potential new risks and opportunities are dis
cussed at the management level and are included in the sub

s strategy, the

#166

sequent reporting process, if found to be relevant. Reported
risks and opportunities are analyzed regarding potential cumu
lative effects and are aggregated at Sector, SFS, SRE, regional
Cluster and corporate level.

Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and opportuni
ties with the hierarchical level of responsibility depending on
the signi cance of the respective risk or opportunity. In a rst
step, assuming responsibility for a speci c risk or opportunity in
volves deciding upon one of our general response strategies, or
a combination of them. Our general response strategies with re
spect to risks are avoidance, transfer, reduction or acceptance of
the relevant risk. Our general response strategies with respect to
opportunities are partial or complete realization of the relevant
opportunity. In a second step, responsibility for a risk or opportu
nity also involves the development, initiation and monitoring of
appropriate response measures corresponding to the chosen re
sponse strategy. These response measures have to be speci cal
ly tailored to allow for effective risk management. Accordingly,
we have developed a variety of response measures with different
characteristics: For example, we mitigate the risk of uctuations
in currency and interest rates by engaging in hedging activities.
Regarding our long-term projects, systematic and comprehen
sive project management with standardized project milestones,
including provisional acceptances during project execution, and
complemented by clearly de ned approval processes assists us
in identifying and responding to project risks at an early stage,
even before entering the bidding phase. Furthermore, we main
tain appropriate insurance levels for potential cases of damage
and liability risks in order to reduce our exposure to such risks
and to avoid or minimize potential losses. Among others, we ad
dress the risk of uctuations in economic activity and customer
demand by closely monitoring the macroeconomic conditions
and developments in relevant industries, and by adjusting ca
pacity and implementing cost-reduction measures in a timely
and consistent manner, if deemed necessary.

#.N.8.3 : 6; -./.01-1/+ 2:0./°J.4?2/

J* 16<2/6°E?  &+'16

To oversee the ERM process and to further drive the integration
and harmonization of existing control activities to align with le
gal and operational requirements, the Managing Board estab
lished a Corporate Risk and Internal Control Department, head

ed by the Chief Risk &Internal Control Of cer, and a Corporate
Risk and Internal Control Committee (CRIC). The CRIC obtains

risk and opportunity information from the Risk Committees es
tablished at the Sector, SFS, SRE and regional Cluster level as
well as from the Heads of Corporate Units, which then forms
the basis for the evaluation of the company-wide risk and op
portunity situation. The CRIC reports to and supports the Man
aging Board on matters relating to the implementation, opera
tion and oversight of the risk and internal control system and

135. D. Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. — Additional Information
129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134. C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report

@@D
@@!

p2<bi?2/, &/* 2:00°I4°2/.

&6+:) #4):12 7491 W/4l:<76l

5 = JOL-I/+( Le ) <:2 #166

ng Board

Overall responsibility for the Risk and Internal Control System.
De nes risk policy and ERM strategy.

Oversees the effectiveness of the risk management and
internal control system.

Corporate Risk &Int ernal Control Committee (CRIC)

Reports to and supports the Managing Board in matters relating
to the implementation, operation and oversight of an effective
Risk and Internal Control System.

Chief Risk &Internal Control Of cer

Chairman of the CRIC. De nes and monitors application of ERM strategy,
policy and me thodology. Consolidates Siemens wide risk and opportunity
pro le for CRIC.

Sector Risk &Internal

Contr ol Committees

Oversee the risk and internal control activities for their area of responsibility and provide
the Manag ement with information necessary to report to the CRIC.

Cluster Risk &Internal
Contr ol Committees

Sector Management ©

Cluster Management

Heads of Corporate Units

Implement ERM system and ensure management and monitoring of risks and opportunities in their respective organization.

1 The term Sector in this chart comprises Sectors, SFS and SRE.

assists the Managing Board in reporting to the Audit Commit -
tee of the Supervisory Board. The CRIC is composed of the Chief

Risk &Internal Control Of cer, as the chairperson, and mem -
bers of senior management such as the Sector and SFS CEOs,

the CFO of Siemens, and selected Heads of Corporate Units.

*J.9 Risks

Below we describe the risks that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, our nancial condition and results of
operations, the price of our shares and American depository
shares (ADS), and our reputation. The order in which the risks
are presented in each of the four categories re ects the cur -
rently estimated relative exposure for Siemens associated with
these risks and thus provides an indication of the risks current
importance to us. Nevertheless, risks currently considered to
entail a lower risk exposure could potentially result in a higher
negative impact on Siemens than risks currently considered to
entail a higher risk exposure. Additional risks not known to us
or that we currently consider immaterial may also negatively
impact our business operations. We do not expect to incur any
risks that alone or in combination would appear to jeopardize
the continuity of our business.

#.N.3.%6+.+10° #:76;6

We operate in highly competitive markets, which are
The world -
wide markets for our products and solutions are highly com -

subject to price pressures and rapid changes:

petitive in terms of pricing, product and service quality, devel -

opment and introduction ti = me, customer service and nancing

terms. In many of our businesses, we face downward price
pressure and we are or could be exposed to market downturns

or slower growth, which may increase in times of declining in -
vestment activities and consumer demand. We face strong
competitors, some of which are larger and may have greater re-

sources in a given business area, as well as competitors from
emerging markets, which may have a better cost structure.

Some industries in which we operate are undergoing consoli -
dation, which may result in stronger competition and a change

in our relative market position. Certain competitors might be

more effective and faster in capturing available market oppor -
tunities, which in turn may negatively impact our market share.

These factors alone or in combination may negatively impact

our business, nancial condition, and results of operations.

Our business, nancial condition and results of opera -
tions may be affected by the uncertainties of economic

and political conditions, particularly in the current mac -
roeconomic environment, which is characterized by the

continuing crisis in nancial markets and the potential

threat of a global economic downturn:
ronment is in uenced by conditions in the domestic and glob -

Our business envi

al economies. Since the second half of scal #"$$, we have

seen a high degree of volatility in the global nancial markets,
primarily as a result of the ongoing Eurozone sovereign debt

crisis. The uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment be -
came more and more present in our business segments result -
ing in a more challenging overall business climate in scal

#"$#. Future economic developments and, in consequence,

the speed of macroeconomic growth and the sustainability of

our market environment are dependent upon the evolution of

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 C." Financial performance measures 96 CC. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 CC Sustainability
82 C$ Financial position 111 ©.) Report on expected developments and
93 C.% Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
a number of global and local factors such as the crisis in the

credit markets, economic crises arising from sovereign debt
overruns, and government budget consolidation measures re -
lated thereto, reduced levels of capital expenditures, declining
consumer and business con dence, increasing unemployment

in certain countries, uctuating commodity prices, bankrupt -
cies, natural disasters, political crises and other challenges.

In light of the latest economic developments, the high degree
of unemployment in certain countries, the level of public debt
in the United States as well as in Greece, Ireland, Italy, Spain,

Portugal and other European countries, uncertainties with re
spect to the stability of the emerging markets, especially the

Chinese economy, and the potential impact of budget consoli
dation measures by governments around the world, the bases
for our expectations relating to the overall economic situation
and speci c conditions in markets relevant to us are subject to
considerable uncertainties. In general, due to the signi cant
proportion of long-cycle businesses in our Sectors and the im -
portance of long-term contracts for Siemens, there is usually a
time lag between the development of macroeconomic condi

tions and their impact on our nancial results. Important ex -
ceptions include our short-cycle businesses in the Industry
Sector, particularly those in Industry Automation and parts of

Drives Technologies, as well as parts of the Power Grid Solu
&Cities Sec

tor, which are highly sensitive to volatility in market demand.

tions &Products Business within the Infrastructure

If the macroeconomic environment deteriorates further and if

we are not successful in adapting our production and cost
structure to subsequent changes to conditions in the markets,

in which we operate, there can be no assurance that we will

not experience adverse effects that may be material to our
business, nancial condition, results of operations and our

ability to access capital. For example, it may become more dif -
cult for our customers to obtain nancing and as a result they

may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products

and services or to execute transactions. Furthermore, prices

may decline as a result of adverse market conditions to a great -
er extent than currently anticipated. In addition, contracted
payment terms, especially regarding the level of advance pay -
ments by our customers relating to long-term projects, may
become less favorable, which could negatively impact our

cash ows. Additionally, if customers are not successful in
generating suf cient revenue or securing access to the capital

markets, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of,

the amounts they owe us, which may adversely affect our
business, nancial condition and results of operations.

Numerous other factors, such as_uctuations of energy and raw

material prices, as well as global political con icts, including

those in the Middle East, North Africa and other regions, con -
tinue to impact macroeconomic parameters and the interna -

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 Cll
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

134. CC!"

tional capital and credit markets. The uncertainty of economic
and political conditions can have a material adverse impact on
our business, nancial condition and results of operations and
can also make our budgeting and forecasting more dif cult.

Our business is affected by a variety of market conditions and
regulations. For example, our Energy Sector is exposed to the
development of global demand for energy and is considerably
affected by regulations related to energy and environmental
policies. Our Healthcare Sector, in turn, is dependent on devel
opments and regulations in healthcare systems around the
world, particularly in the important U.S. healthcare market. Our
Industry Sector is vulnerable to unfavorable market conditions
in certain segments of the automotive and manufacturing in
dustries. Our Infrastructure &Cities Sect or focuses, among oth
er things, on business with public authorities around the world

and is thus vulnerable to restrictions in public budgets.

Our businesses must keep pace with technological
changes and develop new products and services to re
main competitive: The markets in which our businesses op
erate experience rapid and signi cant changes due to the in
troduction of innovative technologies. To meet our customers
needs in these areas, we must continuously design new, and
update existing products and services, and invest in, and de
velop new technologies. Introducing new products and tech
nologies requires a signi cant commitment to research and
development, which in return requires expenditure of consid
erable nancial resources that may not always result in suc
cess. Our sales and pro tability may suffer if we invest in tech
nologies that do not operate, or may not be integrated, as ex
pected or that are not accepted in the marketplace as anticipat
ed, or if our products or systems are not introduced to the
market in a timely manner, in particular, compared to our com
petitors, or become obsolete. We constantly apply for new
pat ents and actively manage our intellectual property portfolio
to secure our technological position. However, our patents and
other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from
independently developing or selling products and services
similar to or duplicate of ours. There can be no assurance that
the resources invested by us to protect our intellectual proper
ty will be suf cient or that our intellectual property portfolio
will adequately deter misappropriation or improper use of our
technology. Furthermore, in some of our markets, the need to
develop and introduce new products rapidly in order to capture
available opportunities may lead to quality problems. Our op
erating results depend to a signi cant extent on our ability to
anticipate and adapt to changes in markets and to reduce the
costs of producing high-quality, new and existing products. As
one of the latest technology trends we carefully estimate the
potential and relevance of cloud computing. We believe that
the potential and usage scenarios of this technology vary

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements
@'"G

between our products, solutions and services depending on
the degree of information technology utilized. However, we al
so believe that this trend needs to be monitored closely, be
cause it might bear the potential to change the competitive
landscape. Any inability to adapt to the factors aforementioned
could have a material adverse effect on our business, nancial
condition and results of operations.

Our business, nancial condition and results of opera
tions may be adversely affected by continued strategic
alignments and cost-cutting initiatives:
tinuous process of strategic alignments and constantly engage
in cost-cutting initiatives, including in connection with ongo
ing capacity adjustment measures and structural initiatives.
Capacity adjustments through consolidation of business activi
ties and manufacturing facilities, and the streamlining of prod
uct portfolios are also part of these cost reduction efforts.
These measures may not be implemented as planned, may
turn out to be less effective than anticipated, may only become
effective later than estimated or may not become effective at
all. Each of these factors alone or in combination may nega
tively impact our business, nancial condition, and results of
operations. Any future contribution of these measures to our
pro tability will be in uenced by the actual savings achieved
and by our ability to sustain these ongoing efforts.

Our business, nancial condition and results of opera
tions may be adversely affected by portfolio measures:
Our strategy includes divesting activities in some business
areas and strengthening others through portfolio measures,
including mergers and acquisitions.

With respect to dispositions, we may not be able to divest some
of our activities as planned, and the divestitures we do carry out
could have a negative impact on our business, nancial condi
tion, results of operations and, potentially, our reputation. For
example, we have announced to divest OSRAM, our solar busi
ness and the business activities included in the Industry Sec
tor s Water Technologies Business Unit, which as of September
!", #"$# was part of the Industry Automation Division.

Mergers and acquisitions are inherently risky because of dif
culties that may arise when integrating people, operations,
technologies and products. There can be no assurance that
any of the businesses we acquire can be integrated successful
ly and as timely as originally planned or that they will perform
well once integrated. In addition, we may incur signi cant ac
quisition, administrative and other costs in connection with
these transactions, including costs related to integration of
acq uired businesses. Furthermore, portfolio measures may
result in additional nancing needs and adversely affect our

1 A. To our Shareholders
Corpor ate Governance 49 C.

50 C.! Business and economic environment
64 ©." Financial performance measures

69 C.# Results of oper ations

82. C$ Financial position

93 C.% Net assets position

We are in a con

nancial leverage and our debt-to-equity ratio. Acquisitions may
also lead to substantial increases in intangible assets, includ
ing goodwill. Our Statements of Financial Position re ects a
signi cant amount of intangible assets, including goodwill.
Among our businesses, the largest amount of goodwill is allo
cated to the Diagnostics Division and the Imaging
Division of the Healthcare Sector, and the Industry Automation
Division of the Industry Sector. In scal #"$", the annual test
for impairment of goodwill of the Diagnostics Division within
the Healthcare Sector was performed as of September !",
#"$". As a result, in the Diagnostics Division of the Healthcare
Sector an impairment of %$,$)( million was recognized to re
duce the carrying amount of goodwill. If we were to encounter
continuing adverse business developments including negative
effects on our revenues, pro ts or cash, or adverse effects from
an increase in the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) or
from foreign exchange rate developments, or if we were other
wise to perform worse than expected at acquisition, then
these intangible assets, including goodwill, might have to be
written off, which could materially and adversely affect our
business, nancial condition and results of operations. The
likelihood of such adverse business developments increases in
times of dif cult or uncertain macroeconomic conditions.

Our business, nancial condition and results of opera
tions may be adversely affected by our equity interests,
other investments and strategic alliances:
includes strengthening our business interests through joint
ventures, associated companies and strategic alliances. Cer
tain of our investments are accounted for using the equity
method, including, among others, NSN, EN and BSH. Further
more we hold other investments, for example Atos S.A. Any
factors negatively in uencing the pro tability of our equity
and other investments, including negative effects on reve
nues, pro ts or cash, could have an adverse effect on our eq
uity pick-up related to these equity interests or may result in a
write-off of these investments. In addition, our business,
nancial condition and results of operations could also be ad
versely affected in connection with loans, guarantees or non-
compliance with nancial covenants related to these equity
and other investments. Furthermore, such investments are in
herently risky as we may not be able to suf ciently in uence
corporate governance processes or business decisions taken
by our equity investments, other investments and strategic al
liances that may have a negative effect on our business. In ad
dition, joint ventures bear the risk of dif culties that may arise
when integrating people, operations, technologies and prod
ucts. Strategic alliances may also pose risks for us because we
compete in some business areas with companies with which
we have strategic alliances.

Combined Manag ement Report

95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
96 C. Subseq uent events
97 C. Sustainability
111 C.) Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks

Our strategy

&Ther apy

We are subject to changes of regulations, laws and poli
cies concerning our products: As a diversied company
with global businesses we are exposed to various product re
lated regulations, laws and policies in uencing our processes.
Recently, some jurisdictions around the world have adapted
certain regulations, laws and policies requiring us to extend
our recycling efforts, limit the sourcing and usage of certain
raw materials and request additional due diligences and dis
closures on sourcing and usage of the regulated raw materials.
In particular, there is new U.S. legislation to improve transpar
ency and accountability concerning the sourcing of con ict
minerals from mines located in the con ict zones of the Dem
ocratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and its adjoining countries.
The term con ict minerals currently encompasses tantalum,
tin, tungsten (or their ores) and gold. Con ict minerals can be
found in a vast array of products. This U.S. legislation requires
manufacturers, such as us, to investigate and disclose their
use of any con ict minerals originating in the DRC or adjoining
countries. It also implements guidelines to assist the manufac
turer in preventing, by way of performing due diligence in its
supply chain, any such sourcing from potentially nancing or
bene tting armed groups in this area. We are currently evalu
ating the potential impact of, and developing an implementa
tion strategy for, the above-referenced legislation. As we are
operating within highly complex value chains, we may be re
quired to undertake a signi cant due diligence process requir
ing considerable investments of human resources and nanc

es in order to comply with the con ict minerals due diligence
and disclosure requirements. If our (sub) suppliers are unable
or unwilling to provide us with requested information and to
take other steps to ensure that no con ict minerals, nancing

or bene tting armed groups in the DRC, are included in miner
als or components supplied to us, we may be forced to disclose
in our SEC lings about the use of con ict minerals in our sup
ply chain, which may expose us to reputational risks. In addi
tion, since the applicability of the new con ict minerals legis
lation is limited to companies publicly listed in the U.S., not all
of our competitors need to comply with this legislation or un
dertake similar efforts to disclose the usage of con ict miner
als. If we are unable to achieve suf cient con dence along our
supply chain, or if any of these risks or similar risks associated
with such kinds of regulations, laws and policies were to mate
rialize, our reputation, business, nancial condition and re
sults of operations could be materially adversely affected.

#.N.3.8 2<1: .+°2/6 :°6:36

Our business, nancial condition and results of opera
tions may be adversely affected by cost overruns or addi
tional payment obligations related to the management
of our long-term, xed price or turnkey projects:

form a portion of our business, especially large projects, under
long-term contracts that are awarded on a competitive bidding

We per -

basis. Some of these contracts are inherently risky because we
may assume substantially all of the risks associated with com
pleting the project and the post-completion warranty obliga
tions. For example, we face the risk that we must satisfy techni
cal requirements of a project even though we may not have
gained experience with those requirements before we win the
project. The prot margins realized on xed-priced contracts
may vary from original estimates as a result of changes in costs
and productivity over their term. We sometimes bear the risk of
unanticipated project modi cations, shortage of key personnel,
quality problems, nancial dif culties of our customers, cost
overruns or contractual penalties caused by unexpected tech
nological problems, unforeseen developments at the project
sites, unforeseen changes or dif culties in the regulatory or po
litical environment, performance problems with our suppliers,
subcontractors and consortium partners or other logistical dif
culties. Certain of our multi-year contracts also contain de
manding installation and maintenance requirements in addi
tion to other performance criteria relating to timing, unit cost
and compliance with government regulations requirements,
which, if not satis ed, could subject us to substantial contrac
tual penalties, damages, non-payment and contract termina
tion. There can be no assurance that contracts and projects, in
particular those with long-term duration and xed-price calcu
lation, can be completed pro tably.

Increased IT security threats and higher levels of profes
sionalism in computer crime could pose a risk to our sys
tems, networks, products, solutions and services as well
as to those of our service providers: Our business portfolio
includes a broad array of systems, networks, products, solu
tions and services across our Sectors that rely on digital tech
nologies. We observe a global increase in IT security threats
and higher levels of professionalism in computer crime, which
pose a risk to the security of systems and networks and the

con dentiality, availability and integrity of data. We attempt to
mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, in
cluding employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our
networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protec

tive systems such as rewalls and virus scanners. To the extent

we employ service providers, such as in the area of IT infra
structure, we have contractual arrangements in place in order

to ensure that these risks are reduced in a similar manner.
Nonetheless, our systems, networks, products, solutions and
services, as well as those of our service providers remain poten

tially vulnerable to attacks. Depending on their nature and
scope, such attacks could potentially lead to the leakage of con
dential information, improper use of our systems and net
works, manipulation and destruction of data, defective prod

ucts, production downtimes and supply shortages, which in

turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness,
business, nancial condition and results of operations.

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of

statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

German Commercial Code)
134 C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements
@"

We may face operational failures and quality problems
in our value chain processes:
steps, from research and development
agement, production, marketing, sales and services. Operation
al failures in our value chain processes could result in quality
problems or potential product, labor safety, regulatory or envi
ronmental risks. Such risks are particularly present in relation
to our production and construction facilities, which are located
all over the world and have a high degree of organizational and
technological complexity. From time to time, some of the prod
ucts we sell might have quality issues resulting from the de
sign or manufacture of such products or from the software in
tegrated into them. Particularly our Healthcare Sector is subject
to requirements of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration,
which require certain efforts safeguarding our product quality.
If we are not able to comply with these requirements our repu
tation, competitiveness, business, nancial condition and re
sults of operations may be adversely affected.

Furthermore, failures on the part of service providers we em
ploy, such as in the area of IT, may have an adverse effect on
our processes and operations and our ability to meet our com
mitments to customers or increase our operating costs. Any
operational failures or quality issues could have a material ad
verse effect on our business, nancial condition and results of

operations.

We are dependent upon hiring, developing and retain

ing highly quali ed management and technical person

nel: Competition for highly quali ed personnel remains intense
in the industries and regions in which our business operates. In
many of our business areas, we intend to expand our business
activities, for which we will need highly skilled employees. Our
future success depends in part on our continued ability to hire,
integrate, develop and retain engineers and other quali ed per
sonnel. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be
successful in attracting and retaining all the highly quali ed
employees and key personnel needed in the future, including in
appropriate geographic locations, and any inability to do so
could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We may face interruption of our supply chain, including
the inability of third parties to deliver parts, compo
nents and services on time, and we may be subject to
rising raw material prices:
pends in part on reliable and effective supply chain manage
ment for components, sub-assemblies and other materials. Ca
pacity constraints and supply shortages resulting from ineffec
tive supply chain management may lead to delays and addi
tional cost. We rely on third parties to supply us with parts,
components and services. Using third parties to manufacture,
assemble and test our products reduces our control over man

1 A. To our Shareholders
Corpor ate Governance 49 C.

50 C.! Business and economic environment
64 ©." Financial performance measures

69 C.# Results of oper ations

82. C$ Financial position

93 C.% Net assets position

Our value chain comprises all
to supply chain man

Our nancial performance de

ufacturing yields, quality assurance, product delivery sched
ules and costs. The third parties that supply us with parts and
components also have other customers and may not have suf
cient capacity to meet all of their customers needs, including
ours, during periods of excess demand. Component supply de
lays can affect the performance of our Sectors. Although we
work closely with our suppliers to avoid supply-related prob
lems, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter
supply problems in the future or that we will be able to replace
a supplier that is not able to meet our demand. This risk is par
ticularly evident in businesses with a very limited number of
suppliers. Shortages and delays could materially harm our
business. Unanticipated increases in the price of components
or raw materials due to market shortages or other reasons
could also adversely affect the performance of our Sectors.
Furthermore, we may be exposed to the risk of delays and in
terruptions of the supply chain as a consequence of natural di
sasters in case we are unable to identify alternative sources of
supply in a timely manner or at all. A general shortage of mate
rials, components or sub-components as a result of natural di
sasters also bears the risk of unforeseeable uctuations in pric

es and demand, which might adversely affect our results of op
erations.

Our Sectors purchase raw materials including so-called rare-
earth metals, copper, steel, aluminum and oil, which exposes
them to uctuations in energy and raw material prices. In re
cent times, commodities have been subject to volatile markets,
and such volatility is expected to continue. If we are not able to
compensate for our increased costs or pass them on to cus
tomers, price increases could have a material adverse impact
on our nancial results. In contrast, in times of falling com
modity prices, we may not fully pro t from such price decreas
es as we attempt to reduce the risk of rising commodity prices
by several means, such as long-term contracting or physical
and nancial hedging. In addition to price pressure that we
may face from our customers expecting to bene t from falling
commodity prices or adverse market conditions, this could al
so adversely affect our business, nancial condition and re
sults of operations.

#.N.3.3 7// #. &: 7656

We are exposed to currency risks and interest rate risks:

We are exposed to uctuations in exchange rates, especially
between the U.S. dollar and the euro, because a high percent
age of our business volume is conducted in the U.S. and as ex
ports from Europe. In addition, we are exposed to currency ef
fects involving the currencies of emerging markets, in particu
lar the Chinese Yuan. As a result, a strong euro in relation to
the U.S. dollar and other currencies could have an adverse im
pact on our revenues and results of operations. Certain curren
cy risks as well as interest rate risks are hedged on a Company-

Combined Manag ement Report

95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
96 C. Subseq uent events
97 C. Sustainability
111 C.) Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks

wide basis using derivative nancial instruments. Depending

on the development of foreign currency exchange and interest

rates, our hedging activities could have signi cant effects on

our cash ow. Our Sectors and Financial Services (SFS) engage

in currency hedging activities which sometimes do not qualify

for hedge accounting. In addition, our Corporate Treasury has
interest rate hedging activities which do not qualify for hedge
accounting either, and are subject to changes in interest rates.
Accordingly, exchange rate and interest rate uctuations may

lead to higher volatility and adverse effects on our business, -
nancial conditions and results of operations. A strengthening

of the euro (particularly against the U.S. dollar) may change

our competitive position, as many of our competitors may ben -
et from having a substantial portion of their costs based in

weaker currencies, enabling them to offer their products at

lower prices.

We are exposed to volatile credit spreads: Regarding our
Corporate Treasury activities, widening credit spreads due to
uncertainty and risk aversion in the nancial markets might

lead to adverse changes of fair market values of our nancial

assets, in particular concerning our derivative nancial instru -
ments. In addition, we see a risk of widening credit spreads
leading to increasing re nancing costs if the Eurozone sover -
eign debt crisis with its ongoing signi cant impact on global

nancial markets and the European nancial sector in particu -
lar, continues or even worsens. Any such development could

also further increase the costs for buying protection against

credit risks due to a potential increase of counterparty risks.

Our future nancing via Corporate Treasury may particu -
larly be affected by the uncertainty of economic conditions

and the development of capital and nancial markets: Our
Corporate Treasury is responsible for the nancing of the Com -
pany. Negative developments in the foreign exchange, money

or capital markets, such as limited availability of funds (partic -
ularly U.S. dollar funds), may increase our overall cost of fund -
ing. The ongoing Eurozone sovereign debt crisis continues to

have an impact on global capital markets. The resulting higher

risk awareness of governments lead to more regulations on

the use of nancial instruments through (i) the Regulation on

OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories
(European Market Infrastructure Regulation) and (ii) other sim -
ilar regulations in other jurisdictions, which may have an im -
pact on the future availability or the costs of adequate hedging
instruments for the company. It may even lead to further regu -
lation of the nancial sector and the use of nancial instru -
ments. Such further regulations could adversely in uence our

future possibilities of obtaining debt nancing, and/or may sig -
nicantly increase our re nancing costs. Deteriorating credit

quality and/or default of business partners may adversely affect

our business, nancial conditions and results of operations.

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 Cll
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

134. CC!"

Downgrades of our ratings could increase our cost of

capital and could negatively affect our businesses: Our
business, nancial condition and results of operations are in -
uenced signi cantly by the actual and expected performance

of the Sectors and SFS, as well as the Company s portfolio
measures. An actual or expected negative development of our

results of operations or cash ows or an increase in our net

debt position could result in the deterioration of our credit rat -
ing. Downgrades by rating agencies could increase our cost of
capital, may reduce our potential investor base and may nega -
tively affect our business, nancial conditions and results of
operations.

Our nancing activities subject us to various risks, in -
cluding credit, interest rate and foreign exchange risk:

We provide our customers with various forms of direct and
indirect nancing in connection with large projects. We also

nance a lar ge number of customer orders, for example, the
leasing of medical equipment, mainly through SFS. SFS also
incurs credit risk by nancing third-party equipment or by tak -
ing direct or indirect participation in nancings, such as syndi -
cated loans. In part, we take a security interest in the assets we

nance or we receive additional collateral. Our business, nan -
cial conditions and results of operations may be adversely af -
fected if the credit quality of our customers deteriorates or if

they default on their payment obligation to us, if the value of

the assets in which we have taken a security interest or addi -
tional collateral declines, if interest rates or foreign exchange

rates uctuate, or if the projects in which we invest are unsuc -
cessful. Potential adverse changes in economic conditions

could cause a decline in the fair market values of assets, deriv -
ative instruments as well as collateral, resulting in losses

which could have an adverse effect on our business, nancial
condition and results of operations.

Our business, nancial condition and results of opera -
tions may be adversely affected by several parameters

in uencing the funded status of our pension bene t

plans: The funded status of our pension plans may be affected

by an increase or decrease in the de ned bene t obligation

(DBO), as well as by an increase or decrease in the value of

plan assets. Pensions are accounted for in accordance with ac -
tuarial valuations, which rely on statistical and other factors in

order to anticipate future events. These factors include key
pension plan valuation assumptions such as the discount rate,

rate of future compensation increases and pension progres -
sion. Actual developments may differ from assumptions due to
changing market and economic conditions, thereby resulting

in an increase or decrease in the DBO. Signi cant movements

in nancial markets or a change in the portfolio mix of invest -
ed assets could result in corresponding increases or decreases

in the value of plan assets, particularly equity securities. Also,

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements
@"

changes in pension plan assumptions could affect net periodic
pension cost. For example, a change in discount rates may re
sult in changes in the net periodic bene t cost in the following
nancial year. In order to comply with local pension regula
tions in selected foreign countries, we may face a risk of in
creasing cash out ows to reduce an underfunding of our pen
sion plans in these countries, if any. Furthermore, changes in
the accounting pronouncements concerning pensions could
require adaptations in the way pension obligations are record
ed in our Consolidated Financial Statements and thus could
have adverse effects on our business, nancial conditions and
results of operations.

For further information on nancial risks and nancial risk
> 12413877 #5 / 2416 +2 #2/62 B41 T/T

management see
#°. &6+4+1-1/+6

#.N.3.$ #2-< &/ #1 :'6:6

We are subject to regulatory risks associated with our
international operations: Protectionist trade policies and
changes in the political and regulatory environment in the
markets in which we operate, such as foreign exchange import

and export controls, tariffs and other trade barriers and price

or exchange controls, could affect our business in several na

tional markets, impact our sales and pro tability and make the
repatriation of pro ts dif cult, and may expose us to penalties,
sanctions and reputational damage. In addition, the uncertain

ty of the legal environment in some regions could limit our
ability to enforce our rights. For example, as a globally operat

ing organization, we conduct business with customers in
countries that are subject to export control regulations, embar

goes, sanctions or other forms of trade restrictions imposed by

the U.S., the European Union or other countries or organiza

tions. The sanction regime against Iran was recently tightened

further following the approval of the Council Regulation (EU)

No. #*+/#"$# on Mar ch #!, #"$# concerning restrictive mea
sures against Iran and repealing Regulation (EU) No ’*$ /#°$"
and t he Implementing Regulation (EU) No. ’)( /#' $# dat ed Oc
tober $(, #"$# that built thereupon, which lists !) additional
companies and institutions (primarily from the Oil and Gas in

dustry sector). In addition, the signing into law of the Ameri

can Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of #"$#

on August $", #"$# tightens the restrictions on the ability of
non-U.S. companies to do business or trade with Iran and Syria

and imposes additional disclosure obligations. As described in

> #.3.%.% MB 2:*1:6 /* 11/1
issued, and regularly update, restrictive internal guidelines

more detail under , we have
governing business with customers in Iran. We may, however,
still conduct certain business activities and provide products
and services to customers in Iran under limited circumstances.

Although we believe that our business activities have not had

a material negative impact on our reputation or share value,
we cannot exclude any such impact in the future. New or tight
ened export control regulations, sanctions, embargos or other
forms of trade restrictions imposed on Iran, Syria or on other
sanctioned countries in which we do business may result in a
curtailment of our existing business in such countries and in
an adaptation of our policies. In addition, the termination of
our activities in Iran, Syria or other sanctioned countries may
expose us to customer claims and other actions.

We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to ac
count for an increasing portion of our total revenue, as our busi
ness naturally evolves and as developing nations and regions
around the world increase their demand for our offering.
Emerging market operations involve various risks, including
civil unrest, health concerns, cultural differences such as em
ployment and business practices, volatility in gross domestic
product, economic and governmental instability, the potential
for nationalization of private assets and the imposition of ex
change controls. The Asian markets, in particular, are important
for our long-term growth strategy, and our sizeable operations
in China are in uenced by a legal system that is still developing
and is subject to change. Our growth strategy could be limited
by governments supporting local industries. Our Sectors, par
ticularly those that derive their revenue from large projects,
could be adversely affected if future demand, prices and gross
domestic product in the markets in which those Sectors operate
do not develop as favorably as expected. If any of these risks or
similar risks associated with our international operations were
to materialize, our business, nancial condition and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected.

Current and future investigations regarding allegations

of public corruption and other illegal acts could have a
material adverse effect on our business, nancial condi

tion and results of operations, the price of our shares
and American depository shares (ADS) and our reputa
tion: We engage in a substantial amount of business with gov
ernments and government-owned enterprises around the
world. We also participate in a number of projects funded by
government agencies and intergovernmental and suprana
tional organizations such as multilateral development banks.
If we are found to have been engaged in public corruption and
other illegal acts, such activities may impair our ability to do
business w ith these or other organizations. Corruption and re
lated proceedings may lead to criminal and civil nes as well as
penalties, sanctions, injunctions against future conduct, pro t
disgorgements, disquali cations from directly and indirectly en
gaging in certain types of business, the loss of business licenses
or permits or other restrictions. Accordingly, we may be required
to record material provisions to cover potential liabilities arising

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks

in connection with such investigations and proceedings, includ -
ing potential tax penalties. Moreover, any ndings related to

public corruption that are not covered by the #""& and #"'"”
corruption charge settlements which were concluded with
American and German authorities may endanger these, further
monitors could be appointed to review future business practices

and we may otherwise be required to further modify our busi -
ness practices and our compliance program.

Our involvement in ongoing and potential future corruption
proceedings could damage our reputation and have an adverse

impact on our ability to compete for business from public and
private sector customers around the world. If we or our subsid -
iaries are found to have engaged in certain illegal acts or not to

have taken effective steps to address allegations or ndings of
corruption in our business, this may impair our ability to par -
ticipate in business with governments or intergovernmental
organizations and may result in our formal exclusion from

such business. Even if we are not formally excluded from par -
ticipating in government business, government agencies or
intergovernmental or supranational organizations may infor -
mally exclude us from tendering for or participating in certain
contracts. For example, legislation of member states of the
European Union could in certain cases result in our mandatory

or discretionary exclusion from public contracts in case of a
conviction for bribery and certain other offences or for other

/ 24+16
42 #2/62 &*4+1* 77//  #°. &6+41-1/+6 , we or our subsidiaries

reasons. As described in more detail in > / 241 8N’7/

have in the past been excluded or currently are excluded from

some contracting, including with governments, development

banks and multilateral nancial institutions, as a result of nd -
ings of corruption or other misconduct. Ongoing or potential

future investigations into allegations of corruption could also

impair existing relationships with, and our ability to acquire

new, private sector business partners. For instance, such in -
vestigations may adversely affect our ability to pursue poten -
tially important strategic projects and transactions, such as
strategic alliances, joint ventures or other business combina -
tions, or could result in the cancellation of certain of our exist -
ing contracts and third parties, including our competitors,

could initiate signi cant third-party litigation.

In addition, future developments in ongoing and potential

futur e investigations, such as responding to the requests of
governmental authorities and cooperating with them, could

divert management s attention and resources from other is -
sues facing our business. The materialization of any of these

risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, -
nancial condition and results of operations, the price of our

shares and ADS and on our reputation.

Our business, nancial condition and results of opera
tions could suffer as a result of current or future litiga
tion: We are subject to numerous risks relating to legal, gov
ernmental and regulatory proceedings to which we are cur
rently a party or to which we may become a party in the future.
We routinely become subject to legal, governmental and regu
latory investigations and proceedings involving, among other
things, requests for arbitration, allegations of improper deliv
ery of goods or services, product liability, product defects, qual
ity problems, intellectual property infringement, non-compli

ance with tax regulations and _—/or alleged or suspected viola

tions of applicable laws. In addition, we may face further claims
in connection with the circumstances that led to the corruption

charges. For additional information with respect to speci c pro

ceedings see —>/ 2+1 8N°/ *.5/ 2+16 +2 #2/62 &¥*41* 7'//
6++1-1/+6 . There can be no assurance that the results of
these or any other proceedings will not materially harm our
business, reputation or brand. Moreover, even if we ultimately
prevail on the merits in any such proceedings, we may have to
incur substantial legal fees and other costs defending our
selves against the underlying allegations. Under certain cir
cumstances we record a provision for risks arising from legal
disputes and proceedings. In addition, we maintain liability in
surance for certain legal risks at levels our management be
lieves are appropriate and consistent with industry practice.
Our insurance policy, however, does not protect us against rep
utational damage. Moreover, we may incur losses relating to
legal proceedings beyond the limits, or outside the coverage,
of such insurance. Finally, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage on com
mercially reasonable terms in the future. Each of these risks
may have a material adverse effect on our business, nancial
condition and results of operations, and our provisions for le
gal proceedings-related losses may not be suf cient to cover
our ultimate losses or expenditures.

Examinations by tax authorities and changes in tax reg
ulations could adversely affect our business, nancial

condition and results of operations: We operate in around

$’" countries and therefore are subject to different tax regula

tions. Changes in tax law could result in higher tax expense

and payments. Furthermore, legislative changes could materi
ally impact our tax receivables and liabilities as well as deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. In addition, the uncertain
tax environment in some regions could limit our ability to en
force our rights. As a globally operating organization, we con
duct business in countries subject to complex tax rules, which
may be interpreted in different ways. Future interpretations or
developments of tax regimes may affect our tax liability, return
on investments and business operations. We are regularly ex
amined by tax authorities in various jurisdictions.

135. D. Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. — Additional Information

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134. C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report

@"A
@'Cc

We are subject to environmental and other government
regulations: Some of the industries in which we operate are
highly regulated. Current and future environmental and other
government regulations or changes thereto may require us to
change the way we run our operations and could result in sig

ni cant increases in our operating or product costs. In addi
tion, while we have procedures in place to ensure compliance
with applicable governmental regulations in the conduct of
our business operations, it cannot be excluded that violations
of applicable governmental regulations may occur either by us
or by third parties that we contract with, including suppliers or
service providers, whose activities may be attributed to us. Any
such violations expose us to the risk of liability, reputational
damage or loss of licenses or permits that are important to our
business operations. In particular, we could also face liability
for damage or remediation for environmental contamination
at the facilities we design or operate. For example, we are re
quired to bear environmental clean-up costs mainly related to
remediation and environmental protection liabilities which
have been accrued based on the estimated costs of decommis
sioning facilities for the production of uranium and mixed-ox
ide fuel elements in Hanau, Germany, as well as a nuclear re
search and service center in Karlstein, Germany. For further in
> / 241 8$ 7/
. Under certain circumstances we establish

formation, see
#°. & 6+41-1/+6
provisions for environmental risks. With regard to certain envi
ronmental risks, we maintain liability insurance at levels that
our management believes are appropriate and consistent with
industry practice. We may incur environmental losses beyond
the limits, or outside the coverage, of such insurance, and
such losses may have a material adverse effect on our busi
ness, nancial condition and results of our operations. In addi
tion, our provisions for environmental liabilities may not be
suf cient to cover our ultimate losses or expenditures result
ing therefrom.

* J.+ Opportunities

Within our comprehensive, interactive and management-ori
ented Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) approach that is in
tegrated into the organization and that addresses both risks
and opportunities, we regularly identify, evaluate and respond
to opportunities that present themselves in our various elds
of activity. Below we describe our most signi cant opportuni
ties. The order in which the opportunities are presented re
ects the currently estimated relative exposure for Siemens as
sociated with these opportunities and thus provides an indica
tion of the opportunities current importance to us. Neverthe
less, opportunities currently considered to entail a lower
opportunity exposure could potentially result in a higher posi
tive impact on Siemens than opportunities currently consid

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C.

50 C.! Business and economic environment
64 ©." Financial performance measures

69 C.# Results of oper ations

82. C$ Financial position

93 C.% Net assets position

* 5 /2+16 +2 #2/62 &*+1* 77/./

ered to entail a higher opportunity exposure. The described
opportunities are necessarily not the only ones we encounter.
In addition, our assessment of opportunities is subject to
change as our Company, our markets and technologies are
constantly developing. As a consequence, new opportunities
may arise, existing opportunities may cease to be relevant, or
the signi cance of an opportunity may change. Generally, op
portunities are assessed to the best of our knowledge, consid
ering certain assumptions, including market development,
market potential of technologies or solutions, and anticipated
developments in customer demand or prices, among other
things. When opportunities materialize, they may have a lower
effect than previously estimated on the basis of the underlying
assumptions. It is also possible that opportunities we see to
day will never materialize.

Through selective acquisitions, equity investments and
partnerships we constantly strive to strengthen our
leading technology position, open up additional poten

tial markets or further develop our product portfolio:
constantly monitor our current and future markets for oppor
tunities for strategic acquisitions, equity investments or part
nerships to complement organic growth. Such activities could
help us to strengthen our market position in our existing mar
kets, provide access to new markets or complement our tech
nological portfolio in selected areas.

We particularly see further opportunities in the above-

average growth potential of emerging markets: It is

pected that in coming years emerging markets will continue to
grow signi cantly faster than industrialized nations, led by
strong growth in the BRIC countries Brazil, Russia, India and
China as well as by growth opportunities in the second wave
emerging markets like Chile, Indonesia, Mexico, Poland or Tur
key. Within One Siemens, we want to take measures aimed at
continuously increasing our share of revenue from emerging
markets. We believe that developing the capability to design,
manufacture and sell so-called SMART (simple, maintenance-
friendly, affordable, reliable, and timely to market) products
will provide us with opportunities to gain market share and en
hance our local presence in these strategic growth markets.
Adding further SMART products to our portfolio and develop
ing stronger sales channels would enable us to increase our
revenues by serving large and fast-growing regional markets,
where customers may consider price more strongly than prod
uct features when making a purchase decision.

Localizing value chain activities in low cost countries
could further improve our cost position:
value chain activities, such as procurement, manufacturing,
maintenance and service in markets such as the BRIC coun
tries and other emerging markets, as well as the Middle East

Combined Manag ement Report

95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
96 C. Subseq uent events
97 C. Sustainability
111 C.) Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks

We

ex -

Localizing certain

could enable us to reduce costs and to strengthen our global
competitive position, in particular compared to competitors
based in countries with a more favorable cost structure.

We constantly strive to develop new technologies, new
products and solutions as well as to improve existing
ones: We invest in new technologies that we expect to meet

future demands in accordance with the four strategic mega -
trends demographic change, urbanization, climate change and

> #.%.3.%08QE. &
-10. +:1/*6 ). For instance, starting with scal #"$# we extend -

globalization (for further information see

ed our solution portfolio in exploiting the future infrastructure
spending of the customer group Cities by bundling our com -
petencies and providing innovative and customized city con -
cepts for the relevant city stakeholders in our Sector Infrastruc -
ture &Cities. In t his area, we believe to haven taken a competi -
tive lead in servicing this client base. Our approach is based on

a global network of city account managers allowing us to lever -
age the ability to replicate successful city solutions and the ca -
pability of delivering both unbundled and packaged city solu -
tions by integrating one or all of the competencies of our dif -
ferent business areas.

We are in the process of continuously developing and
implementing initiatives to reduce costs, adjust capaci -
ties, improve our processes and streamline our portfolio:

In an intensi ed competitive market environment, a competi -
tive cost structure complements the competitive advantage of

being innovative. We believe that further improvements in our

cost position strengthen our global competitive position and

secure our market presence against emerging and incumbent
competitors. For example, we expect to create sustainable val -
ue from productivity measures in the Sectors in connection

with Siemens #"$), as mentioned earlier a company-wide
program supporting our One Siemens framework.

We have an opportunity to further grow in the area of
environment and climate protection:
eas of our research and development activities focus on prod -

Many of the key ar

ucts and solutions capable of strengthening and advancing

our Environmental Portfolio. Our Environmental Portfolio com -
prises products and solutions with outstanding energy ef -
ciency, systems and components for renewable forms of ener -
gy, and other environmental technologies. These products and
solutions are intended to help our customers to reduce their

carbon dioxide footprint, cut their energy costs and improve

their pro tability through increased productivity. We believe

that public policy initiatives in many countries will lead to
greater demand for such products and solutions in the years

ahead, including from government stimulus programs. For fur -

ther information, see —> #.H.MI/T :2/-1/+. &<2:4+ 72 &2.

129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 Cll
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant

information and explanatory report

134. CC!"

We see potentials in utilizing cross-collaboration among

our broad portfolio and global presence to offer more in -
novative and holistic solutions:
ket experience across our Sectors and Cluster enables us to le -

Our technological and mar = -

verage cross-divisional innovation or cross-regional solutions

to address the speci c needs of our customers. Complemented

by our Financial Services organization and its portfolio we be -
lieve on further growth opportunities in our existing markets

and possibilities to explore new market opportunities.

* J.@ Significant characteristics of
the accounting-related internal control
and risk management system

The following discussion describes information required pursu -
ant to Section #&’ (() and Section !$( (#) no. ( of the German
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and explanatory report.

The overarching objective of our accounting-related internal
control and risk management system is to ensure that nan -
cial reporting is conducted in a proper manner such that the
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Manage -
ment Report are prepared in accordance with all relevant regu -
lations.

—> #.N.8: 6; -./.01-1/+ , our ERM
approach is based on the worldwide accepted Enterprise Risk

As described in the section
Management — Integrated Framework developed by the
COSO. As one of the objectives of this framework is reliability
of acompany s nancial reporting, it also includes an account -
ing-related perspective. The accounting-related internal con -
trol system (control system) implemented by us is based on In -
ternal Control — Integrated Framework, an internationally rec -
ognized framework also developed by the COSO. The two sys -
tems are complementary as identi ed risks, and, for example,

may reveal gaps in the control system that could be closed by

implementing new controls and closely monitoring them. Con
versely, monitoring the control system could show that certain
risks are not being controlled as effectively as was originally
assumed.

We have standardized our procedures for monitoring the effec -
tiveness of the control system on a group level, complying

with the requirements of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Under

these procedures, necessary controls are de ned, documented

in accordance with uniform standards, and tested regularly.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintain -
ing adequate internal control over nancial reporting. At the
end of each scal year, our management performs an evalua -

135° D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
Notes and forward-looking statements

@"D
@"!

tion of the effectiveness of its control system, both in design
and operating effectiveness. Our management has concluded
that the Company - s internal control over nancial reporting
was effective as of September !", #"$#. Nevertheless, there are
inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any control system,
and no system, including one determined to be effective, may

prevent or detect all misstatements.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on the ba -
sis of a conceptual framework which primarily consists of com -
pany-wide uniform Financial Reporting Guidelines and a chart

of accounts, both issued by the Corporate Finance department

and to be applied consistently throughout Siemens. New laws,
accounting standards, and other of cial announcements are
analyzed on an ongoing basis with regard to their relevance

and impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements and the
Combined Management Report. Where necessary, our Financial

Reporting Guidelines and the chart of accounts are adjusted ac
cordingly. In quarterly closing letters, accounting departments
of Siemens AG and its subsidiaries are informed about current
topics from an accounting and closing process perspective and
any deadlines that must be met for the respective closing pro -
cesses. The conceptual framework, the communicated dead -
lines, and monitoring of compliance therewith aim to mitigate

the risk of Siemens not being able to prepare or publish its Con -
solidated Financial Statements properly and in accordance with
applicable deadlines.

The base data used in preparing the Consolidated Financial
Statements consists of the closing data reported by the opera -
tions of Siemens AG and its subsidiaries, which are derived

from the various accounting records. Our internal Global
Shared Services organization provides services to the individu -
al subsidiaries. In the eld of accounting, this organization pro -
vides, among other things, services related to period-end clos -
ing, general ledger recording, accounts receivable, accounts
payable, xed assets and payroll matters. Most of the subsidiar -
ies make use of these services. Furthermore, other accounting
activities, such as governance and monitoring related activi -
ties, are bundled on the country and regional Cluster level. In
addition, for some areas requiring specialized know-how such

as valuations relating to post-employment bene ts support

from external service providers is obtained and used.

The reported closing data is used to prepare the Consolidated
Financial Statements in the consolidation system, including
the preparation of subgroup nancial statements at Division,
Sector and SFS level. Employees with the appropriate level of
responsibility in the consolidation departments at each level
and at the Group level carry out the consolidation activities
and monitor compliance with the conceptual framework and
deadline requirements.

The steps necessary to prepare the Consolidated Financial
Statements are subject to both manual and automated con -
trols at all levels. In connection with these controls, the data
reported is automatically validated to support its coherence

and consistency from an accounting perspective. The cause of

any validation or warning messages must be recti ed by the

unit delivering the data before the data is nally released.

The specialist skills required of employees involved in the ac -
counting process are assessed when the employees are initially
selected; thereafter, the employees receive regular training. As

a fundamental principle, at the different levels, items must be

veri ed by at least one other person (four eyes principle) and

speci c procedures must be adhered to for the authorization of

the data. Additional control mechanisms include target-perfor -
mance comparisons and analyses of the composition of, and
changes in, individual line items, both in the closing data re -
ported by units and in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Accounting-related IT systems provide for de ned access rules

in order to ensure that accounting related data is protected

from unauthorized access, use or modi cation. Every unit in -
cluded in our Consolidated Financial Statements is subject to

the rules and regulations of the Corporate Information Securi -
ty Guide. This is intended to ensure that IT system users only

have access to those systems and information that they need

to carry out their duties.

On a quarterly basis, management of Sectors, Divisions, SFS,
Cross-Sector Services, regional Clusters and certain Corporate

Units, are supported by con rmations of management of entities

under t heir responsibility, which con rm the accuracy of the
nancial data they have reported to Siemens corporate headquar -
ters and the effectiveness of the related control systems.

In addition, we have set up a Disclosure Committee —compris

ing selected heads of Corporate Units —which is responsible
for reviewing certain nancial and non- nancial information

prior to publication.

The Supervisory Board, through the Audit Committee, is also
integrated into our control system. In particular, the Audit
Committee oversees the accounting process, the effectiveness

of the control system, the risk management system and the in -
ternal audit system, and the independent audit of nancial
statements. In addition, it conducts an audit of the documents

related to the Stand-alone Financial Statements of Siemens AG

and the Consolidated Financial Statements and discusses the
Stand-alone Financial Statements of Siemens AG, the Consoli -
dated Financial Statements and Combined Management Re -
port of these statements with the Managing Board and the in -
dependent auditors.

1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position

associated material opportunities and risks
The activities of our internal corporate audit function form a
further element in the control system. Throughout Siemens
and on a continuous basis, the Siemens internal corporate au
dit function carries out audits with respect to compliance with
guidelines and the reliability and functional operation of our
control system as well as the adequacy and effectiveness of
our risk management system.

In addition, and in accordance with the requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have rules for accounting-related com
plaints and a Code of Ethics for Financial Matters to be certi
ed by the Chief Executive Of cer, the Chief Financial Of cer,
and the Head of our Financial Reporting and Controlling de
partment, as well as other senior nancial personnel con
cerned with the nancial closing process.

#.N.=.%,. 8472/0 8/1 72:-.4°2/ 21 & +1*
+2491 64/*-. S/LT//  #. &644+1-1/46
276 1-1/6 0 (O1:-./ #2--1: #, &#2*1)

Siemens AG as the parent company of the Siemens Group is in
tegrated into the company-wide accounting-related internal

control system described above. Generally, the information set
out above also applies for Stand-alone Financial Statements of

Siemens AG prepared in accordance with the German Com -

mercial Code.

The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accor -
dance with IFRS. Where required, i.e., for purposes of prepar -
ing statements for local regulatory or tax purposes, data is ad -
opted in accordance with relevant regulations by means of rec -
onciliation at account level. Accordingly, accurately deter -

mined IFRS closing data also forms an important basis for the
Stand-alone Financial Statements of Siemens AG. In the case
of Siemens AG and other group companies required to prepare
nancial statements in accordance with German Commercial

Code, the conceptual framework described above is comple -

mented by our mandatory German Commercial Code closing
guidelines and a German Commercial Code chart of accounts.

The manual and system-based control mechanisms referred to
above generally also apply when reconciling the IFRS closing
data to the Stand-alone Financial Statements of Siemens AG.
The information relating to the systematic monitoring of the
design and operating effectiveness of the accounting-related

internal control system applies only to the Consolidated Finan -

cial Statements in accordance with IFRS.

* JK *3: 2A405.3/ D3 D5, *313 DOSAe3 CAD/O/*A4505A:A/5

2<D4<0/5 53 4A*5.3/ 7HJ a 3- SEA>AD:0/ *3::AD
SUMACADAAI ACO0/5./ -3 D:05.3/ 0/=

The Compensation Report outlines the principles underlying
the determination of the total compensation of the members

of the Managing Board of Siemens AG, and sets out the struc
ture and level of the remuneration of the Managing Board
members. It also describes the policies governing and levels of
compensation paid to Supervisory Board members. The Com
pensation Report is an integral part of the Combined Manage
ment Report and is presented in

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Section
#&’a of the German Commercial Code is an integral part

129 C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant
information and explanatory report

> E$ #2-<1/6472/ 215234.

AL210/053DI D3 D5

of the Combined Manag ement Report and is published on
BBB.6’1-1/6. #2-/0 #0-#2*1. The Corporate Governance
statement is also presented in +> E8 #2:<2:41 O211:// #1

6+.4+1-1/+

The Takeover-Relevant Information (pursuant to Sections #&’

para. ) and !$( para. ) of the German Commercial Code) and Ex -
planatory Report are an integral part of the Combined Manage -

ment Report and are presented in > E= +; 120:- : 1&L/+
*/ T2:-. 4°72) (<):6)./+ +2 61#+’2/6 8HN <.:.. $ /* 3%= «.1.. $
27491 O1:-./ #2--1: #. &H2*1) /* 1K <&/42:, 2 1<2:+.

135. D. — Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 E. — Additional Information

* 01 *3=A,

130 C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
German Commercial Code)
134 C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements

@"F
*K

°99

Unlike our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are pre
pared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS), the Stand-Alone Financial Statements of

4 A:A/ 4 Q> (Discussion on basis of German Commercial Code __ )

*.,./ Results of oper ations

Ott+1-1/+ 2 77/ #2-12 T701-1/6 OO 7/. HH2*/ #1

Siemens AG have been prepared in accordance with the rules PB+9OL-/ #21: BHT (H2/* 1/61")
set out in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch). Year ended September #6,
(in millions of 8) "6!" "6!!
. Revenue 29,913 29,469
* 19989 Busines S and Cost of sales (21,607) (21,016)
economic environment Gross pro t 8,307 8.453
esearch and development expenses (2,904) (2,759)
Siemens AG is the parent company of the Siemens Group. Marketing, selling and general
Siemens AG is a globally operating, integrated technology administrative expenses GE) C53)
company with core activities in the elds of energy, health 7 Other operating income (expense), net 124 (698)
care, industry and infrastructure. Beginning with scal #"$#, “inancial income, net a
thereof income from investments
Siemens formed a fourth Sector, Infrastructure &Cities, in addi - 2,368 (prior year 1,995) 2,441 1,920
tion to our existing three Sectors, Energy, Healthcare and In - Result from ordinary activities 3,977 3,273
dustry. The Infrastructure | &Cities Sect or comprises the activi - Extraordinary result _— 229
ties of the Building Technologies and Mobility Divisions, for - Income taxes (943) (717)
merly in the Industry Sector, and the activities of the Power Net income 3,034 2,785
Distribution Division, including Smart Grid applications, for - Pro t carried forward 114 112
merly in the Energy Sector. Siemens AG includes one addition - Allocation to other retained earnings (504) (154)
al operating business, Siemens Real Estate. Furthermore Unappropriated net income 2,643 2,743

Siemens AG is signi cantly in uenced by directly or indirectly

owned subsidiaries and investments. Siemens AG holds +*) le -
gal entities including non-controlling interests. Siemens AG al -
so includes the Group s corporate headquarter functions. Revenue rose #%. The increase was due primarily to revenue

increases of %)&! million in the Energy Sector and %!!& million
The economic environment for Siemens AG is largely the same

> #.%8

in the Healthcare Sector, partly offset by revenue declines of
&Cities Sect or and %$$! mil -
lion in the Industry Sector. On a geographic basis, revenue

as for the Siemens Group and is described in detail in
1#2/2-’ # 1/V:2/-1/+

%'’) million in the Infrastructure

grew $(% year-over-year in the Americas region and )% in the

Asia, Australia region. In the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East
region, revenue declined $%. Customers in Germany account -
ed for !"% of revenue compared to !$% in scal #"$$. Exports

from Germany accounted for +"% of revenue in scal #"$# and

*’% in scal #"$$. In scal #"$#, new orders for Siemens AG
amounted to %#&.* billion, a substantial decrease of #(% from
%'\&.! billion a year earlier. In particular, slowing growth in the
world economy was evident in the development of new orders

and led to substantially lower volume from large orders com -
pared to the prior year. Prior-year period included a number of

orders for large wind-farms in Energy and a %!.+ billion order

for trains in Germany won by Infrastructure &Cities.

To our Shareholders

Corpor ate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report

50 CL

Busines s and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 CC." 7

Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events

69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability

82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and

93 C.% Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
Gross prot declined #% and gross prot margin decreased
from #’% a year ago to #&% in the current period. The decrease
was driven mainly by additional costs of %*!! million relating
to project charges in the Energy Sector s Power Transmission
Division.

Research and development (R&D) expenses increased (%
and rose as a percentage of revenue (R&D intensity) from ’% a
year earlier to $"% in scal #"$#. The increase was associated
primarily with growth-related expenses and derived mainly
from the Industry Sector. R&D expenses rose in the Healthcare

and Energy Sectors, and declined slightly in the Infrastruc

ture & Cities Sect or. On an average basis, we employed $#,#""
people in R&D in scal #"$# compared to $$,$"" in scal #'"$$.

For additional information see > #H.8: 161. #9 /* *1 Tl &<-
-1/+
Other operating income (expenses), net rose %&## million

compared to scal #"$$, including an increase in other operat
ing income of %!$" million and a decrease in other operating
expenses of %($# million.

Other operating income rose #*%. The increase was caused
primarily by a release amounting to %!"+ million related to in
direct pension obligations to Siemens Pensionsfonds AG and a
gain of %’* million resulting from revised estimates with re
gard to transaction-related provisions in connection with the

disposal of Siemens IT Solutions and Services GmbH.

Other operating expenses declined #+% compared to the prior
year, which included charges amounting to %!*+ million relat
ed to indirect pension obligations to Siemens Pensionsfonds
AG. In scal #"$#, other operating expenses included %#!# mil
lion (#"$$: %$&# million) related to a Service Level Agreement
with Siemens Financieringsmaatschappij N.V. and expenses of

Income from investments rose $’% year-over-year, due primar
ily to a gain of %$.#’" billion resulting from the contribution in

kind measured at fair value of Siemens Wind Power A /S into

sinius GmbH, and a gain of %#’& million from the disposal of
Siemens s.r.o. In addition, income from investments rose on
higher dividends, which came in %("* million higher year-
over-year. These factors were partly offset by a %++* million de
cline in pro t transfers and an increase of %*(" million in im
pairments of investments.

Net other nancial income improved %$*! million compared to
the prior year, which included impairments of shares in invest
ment funds totaling %)$$ million, partly offset by nancial in
come of %$!! million related to foreign currency and hedging
transactions. Fiscal #"$# included a reversal of impairments of
shares in investment funds of %$(( million and growth in divi
dend income from fund shares of %(! million, more than offset
by expenses related to foreign currency and hedging transac
tions amounting to %$!# million and an increase of %#"! mil
lion in expenses for the accretion of pension provisions.

Extraordinary result in scal #"$$ includes a gain of %$.(
billion from the disposal of Areva NP S.A.S. and a payment of
%* &# million to Areva S.A. resulting from an adverse arbitra
tion decision. Also included are effects totaling a negative
%(&’ million related to establishing Siemens IT Solutions and
Services as a separate legal entity and its disposal.

Income taxes (from ordinary activities) rose !#%. The in

crease was impacted by a reduction in deferred tax assets on
the loss carry-forward due to adjustments from a tax audit.
This was partly offset by a decrease in current income taxes.
For comparison, in scal #"$$ income taxes from ordinary
activities w ere burdened by adjustments of deferred tax assets
amounting to %#"( million into income taxes from extraordi

mn

%$** million related to a settlement with the Greek State. nary result.
Financial income, net increased #+%. The increase was attrib -
utable primarily to an increase of %!+! million in income from
investments. Other nancial income was %$*! million higher
compared to the prior year, while net interest income came in
%$ ( million lower.
135. D.  Consolidat ed Financial Statements
239 §E. Additional Information
129. C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130. C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134. C.!" Notes and forward-looking statements

information and explanatory report

@@
Total assets

the prior year.

* 4.9 Net assets and financial position Financial assets rose &%. The increase resulted primarily from

a capital increase at sinius GmbH amounting to %$.*#$ billion

increased %$(’ million and were almost level with due to the contribution in kind of Siemens Wind Power A /S,

whic h had a book value of %!!$ million. That contribution in
kind led to a gain of %$.#’" billion. In addition, shares of

6tt1-1/+ 2 7T7T// #. &<26'4+72/2 761-146 0 7/ Siemens Diagnostics Holding II B.V. valued at %$.$"" billion
ok 7 _ |: i ES * . . . . .
pH) BHO OL f ADT. SHOAL (H2/*1/61*) were transferred from Siemens Medical Solutions Diagnostics
September #6, Holding I B.V. to Siemens AG, and Siemens AG performed a
(in millions of 8) "6!" "6l! capital increase at OSRAM AG amounting to %*’’ million.
Assets
Non-current assets Receivables and other assets decreased $(% due primarily to
Intangible and tangible assets 2,388 2,331 lower receivables from af liated companies as a result of intra-
Financial assets 42,951 39,637 group nancing activities.
45,339 41,968
Current assets Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities in-
Receivables and other assets 15,790 18,586 creased $$%. The liquidity management of Siemens AG is based
Cash and cash equivalents, on the nance strategy of the Siemens Group. Therefore the
marketable securities 3,155 2,834 tae eae . .
change in liquidity of Siemens AG resulted not only from busi -
18,945 21,420 . .
- ness activities of Siemens AG.
Prepaid expenses 86 77
Deferred tax assets 2,737 3,490 . . . a
a. Equity declined )%. The decrease was attributable to divi -
Active difference . a
resulting from offsetting 42 35 dends paid for scal #"$$ amounting to %#.*#’ billion (for ad -
Total assets 67,149 66,990 ditional information see >#8.$ *P*1/* ) and a %$.+** bil-
lion reduction in equity due to a share buyback program con -
Liabilities and equity ducted during the year. These factors were partly offset by
Equity 19,811 20,658 the pro t for the year of %!."!) billion, the issuance of trea -
sury stock of %!&* million in conjunction with our share-
Special reserve with an equity portion 715, 790 based compensation program and the option premium for
Accruals and provisions the options rights for Siemens shares amounting to %$!" mil -
Pensions and similar commitments 9,919 9,888 lion in connection with the issuance of US$ bonds with war -
Other provisions 7,419 8,036 rant units. These warrants were issued by Siemens AG. The
17,338 17,924 equity ratio at September !", #"$# and #"$$ was !"% and !$%,
Liabilities respectively.
Liabilities to banks 146 116
Advanced payments received 1,551 1,842 Other provisions decreased &%, primarily including decreases
Trade payables, liabilities to of %#!+ million in provisions for operating expenses, a decline
af liated companies and other liabilities 27,236 25,369 n wae Le .
GEA FAG of %#"+ million for tax provisions and a decrease of %$(* mil -
; , — lion in provisions for warranties.
Deferred income 291 291
Total liabilities and equity 67,149 66,990 an . .
Trade payables, liabilities to af liated companies and oth -
I er liabilities | grew +%, due primarily to higher liabilities to af -
liated companies as a result of intra-group nancing
acti vities.
1 A. To our Shareholders
21 B. Corporate Governance 49 C. Combined Manag ement Report
50 C.! Business and economic environment 95 C.& Overall assessment of the economic position
64 ©." Financial performance measures 96 C. Subseq uent events
69 C.# Results of oper ations 97 C. Sustainability
82. C$ Financial position 111 C.) Report on expected developments and
93 C.% Net assets position associated material opportunities and risks
* + Employees

pol. <b 72-/ #17)” #42:6
Year ended September #6,

"6!" "ol!
Employee uctuation rate © 2.7% 3.8%
Proportion of women (percentage of
employees in management positions) 10.6% 10.4%
Expenses for continuing education
(in millions of 8) 100 86
Expenses per employee for continuing
education (in 8) 934 848

1 Employee fluctuation rate is defined as the ratio of voluntary and involuntary exits
from Siemens AG during the fisca

year to the average number of employees.

2 Without travel expenses.

As of September !", #"$#, the number of employees was

$"&,"") and $"!,*#), respectively.

1-< &,1162 76°1-1/6 .OE, 610-1/+6
| - 627 61<+1-El: 34, 84%8 (./_ 5E3<40/=4)

Industry: Other: 9 (8%)
36 (34%)

Energy: Siemens Real Estate:
26 (24%) ~ —________» @G! 2 (2%)
Healthca we —s—i—iS y | In} ructure &Cities:

10 (9%) 26 (24%)

For additional information see +> #HNI-< &,116.

* ,,.@ Risks and opportunities

The business development of Siemens AG is fundamentally
subject to the same risks and opportunities as the Siemens
Group. Siemens AG generally participates in the risks of its
subsidiaries and equity investments in line with its percentage
of each holding. For additional information see > #N.3 : 7656

and > #.N.$2<<2:4)/'+716 .

As the parent company of the Siemens Group, Siemens AG is
integrated into the group-wide risk management system. For
additional information see —> #.N.8: 76; -./.01-1/+

The description of the internal control system for Siemens AG
required by Section #&’ para. ( of the German Commercial
D>#N=60/ TH/+ #92. #4176476 27 +91
4d. &H2/4:2 &/* 26; -./.01-1/+

Code is included in
. ##2)/4+7/0-:1 &+1*
6, 6+1- .

For additional information regarding the use of nancial in -

struments see
2761-1/6 0.

A / 241642491 64/*- .&2/1 7/./  #. &6+41-1/+6

* £8 Outlook

Due to the interrelations between Siemens AG and its subsid -

iaries and the relative size of Siemens AG within the Group,
the Outlook of the Group also largely re ects our expectations

for Siemens AG. We expect the lower level of new orders in s -

cal #"$# to affect revenue developments in scal #"$!. Based
on an expected overall improvement in the markets served by
Siemens AG, we expect revenue to return to growth in scal
#"$). This expectation is dependent particularly on businesses

that are sensitive to short-term changes in the economic en -
vironment. We expect to participate in the company-wide pro -

gram Siemens #"$) . This productivity improvement program
is expected to include measures leading to charges in the next
two scal years. Portions of the program-related charges will
affect primarily the net income of Siemens AG in scal #"$!. In
scal #"$), we expect that net income will bene t from the

productivity gains. Additionally, in the next two years we ex -

pect that income from investments will signi cantly in uence
the prot of Siemens AG. For additional information see
> #.N.% 1<2:+ 2/ 1K<1 #4+1* *111 &<-1/+6

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share -

holders. In the years ahead we intend to propose a dividend

payout which — combined with outlays for share buybacks dur -

ing the scal year — results in a sum representing )"% to *"%
of Siemens Group net income, which for this purpose we may
adjust to exclude exceptional non-cash effects.

135. D.
239 «=#E.

Consolidat ed Financial Statements
Additional Information

129 C.!6 Compensation Report, Corporate Governance 130 C.!! Siemens A G (Discussion on basis of
statement pursuant to Section "()aoft he German Commercial Code)
German Commer cial Code, Takeover-relevant 134 C.\"

information and explanatory report

Notes and forward-looking statements

@>>
@>?

* 7 1 35A4 0/=-3 DNOD=-133M./> 4505A:A/54

This document includes supplemental nancial measures that

are or may be non-GAAP nancial measures. New orders and

order backlog; adjusted or organic growth rates of revenue and

new orders; book-to-bill ratio; Total Sectors pro t; return on eq -
uity (after tax), or ROE (after tax); return on capital employed
(adjusted), or ROCE (adjusted); Free cash ow, or FCF; cash con -
version rate, or CCR; adjusted EBITDA; adjusted EBIT; adjusted
EBITDA margins, earnings effects from purchase price alloca -
tion, or PPA effects; net debt and adjusted industrial net debt

are or may be such non-GAAP nancial measures. These sup -
plemental nancial measures should not be viewed in isolation

as alternatives to measures of Siemens nancial condition, re -
sults of operations or cash ows as presented in accordance with

IFRS in its Consolidated Financial Statements. Other companies

that report or describe similarly titled nancial measur es may
calculate them differently. De nitions of these supplemental -
nancial measures, a discussion of the most directly comparable

IFRS nancial measures, information regarding the usefulness of
Siemens supplemental nancial measures, the limitations asso -
ciated with these measures and reconciliations to the most com -
parable IFRS nancial measures are available on Siemens Inves -
BBB.6’ 1-1/6.  #2-//2/0..< . For ad -

ditional information, see supplemental nancial measures and

tor Relations website at

the related discussion in Siemens most recent annual report

on Form #'"-F, which can be found on our Investor Relations
website or via the EDGAR system on the website of the United

States Securities and Exchange Commission.

This document contains statements related to our future busi -
ness and nancial performance and future events or develop -
ments involving Siemens that may constitute forward-looking
statements. These statements may be identied by words

intends,

such as expects, looks forward to, anticipates,

plans, believes, seeks, estimates, will, project or

words of similar meaning. We may also make forward-looking
statements in other reports, in presentations, in material
delivered to stockholders and in press releases. In addition,
our representatives may from time to time make oral forward-

looking statements. Such statements are based on the current
expectations and certain assumptions of Siemens manage -
ment, and are, therefore, subject to certain risks and uncer -
tainties. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond
Siemens control, affect Siemens operations, performance,
business strategy and results and could cause the actual

results, performance or achievements of Siemens to be mate -
rially different from any future results, performance or
achievements that may be expressed or implied by such for -
ward-looking statements or anticipated on the basis of histori -
cal trends. These factors include in particular, but are not lim -
ited to, the matters described in Item !: Key information — Risk
factors of our most recent annual report on Form #"-F led

with the SEC, in the chapter Risks of our most recent annual

report prepared in accordance with the German Commercial

Code, and in the chapter Report on risks and opportunities

of our most recent interim report.

Further information about risks and uncertainties affecting
Siemens is included throughout our most recent annual and in -
terim reports, as well as our most recent earnings release, which
BBB.6°1-1/6.  #2- , and
throughout our most recent annual report on Form #"-F and in

are available on the Siemens website

our other lings with the SEC, which are available on the
BBB.6’°1-1/6. #2- , and onthe SECs web -
BBB.61 #.021 . Should one or more of these risks or un -

Siemens website

site

certainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions

prove incorrect, actual results, performance or achievements

of Siemens may vary materially from those described in the
relevant forward-looking statement as being expected, antici -
pated, intended, planned, believed, sought, estimated or pro -
jected. Siemens neither intends, nor assumes any obligation,

to update or revise these forward-looking statements in light

of developments which differ from those anticipated.

Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this and other
documents may not add up precisely to the totals provided and
percentages may not precisely re ect the absolute gures.
