

--- Page 1 ---

> 2012 in brief

Connect Company Program

KEY FIGURES 2012

On February 22, 2012, the Executive Committee presented the
Group’s strategic ambition, operational priorities and financial
targets under the Connect program for the period 2012 —
2014. The new 3-year plan covering 2012 — 2014 includes four
major initiatives: Connect to Customers, to further improve the
performance of its business models and be a leader in products
and in solutions; Connect Everywhere, to identify key investment
areas in new economies and create new opportunities in mature

Acquisitions, disposals and financing

countries to be a leader in both mature and new economies;
Connect People, to create a culture and an environment for the
Group’s employees’ development and performance; Connect
for Efficiency which is a new chapter in the Group's history of
profitable and responsible growth.

External Growth

On May 4, 2012, Schneider Electric announced the signing of
an agreement to acquire M&C Energy Group (“M&C”), a fast-
growing company specialized in energy procurement and
sustainability services for both multinationals and small to medium
sized enterprises. Headquartered in the United Kingdom, M&C
provides its customers with energy procurement, compliance and
performance optimization services mostly on recurring subscription
basis. The company has more than 500 employees including
300 energy specialists and an international presence with 21 offices
across 15 countries, particularly in Europe and Asia-Pacific.

Venture capital

On November 15, 2012, the European Investment Fund (EIF)
has committed EUR20 million in Aster Il, a venture capital fund
managed by Aster Capital. Aster Capital is a Paris-based fund
manager which focuses on early stage Cleantech investments. It
specifically targets highly innovative enterprises developing ground-
breaking technologies in the fields of energy, new materials and
environment. Aster Il has a distinctive set-up which involves three
major industrial corporates acting as sponsors: Schneider Electric,

Alstom and Solvay. EIF's additional commitment brings Aster II's
investment capacity to over EUR 105m to support innovation in the
European Cleantech sector.

Bond issues and sale of treasury stock

On September 5, 2012, Schneider Electric announced that
it proceeded with the sale of the stake it holds in AXA, or
10,612,659 shares representing approximately 0.45% of AXA’s
share capital. The proceeds from the sale of the shares amount to
approximately EUR121 million. The disposal was decided following
the joint announcement made with AXA on December 27, 2011 on
the non-renewal of the shareholders’ agreement, which terminated
on May 15, 2012.

On September 21, 2012, Schneider Electric announced that it has
successfully placed its first USD800 million bond issue due 2022
in the United States. This bond offering gives Schneider Electric
access to the large US dollar funding sources and further extends
its average debt maturity at favorable market conditions. The
coupon rate for this bond is 2.95 percent.

Innovation, partnerships and major contracts

On February 3, 2012, Energy Pool, Europe’s leading demand
response operator and Schneider Electric's subsidiary, released
600 MW of reserve capacity to help the French electricity grid cope
with the surge in demand created by the plummeting temperatures
of recent days. This reserve capacity corresponds to the power
needed to guarantee the electricity supply for the equivalent of the
cities of Nantes and Nice together at peak time.

On July 23, 2012, the Skolkovo Foundation and Schneider Electric
signed an agreement to create a new R&D center in Russia's Skolkovo
Innovation City. The in-house R&D center, with a workforce of more
than 100 employees by 2016, will be working to create an advanced
energy distribution management system for electricity networks,
develop standalone generator control systems and other innovative
solutions. Around 90% of the company’s staff at the R&D center will
be research personnel

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 1


--- Page 2 ---

KEY FIGURES 2012

Governance

The Schneider Electric SA Supervisory Board, meeting on
February 21, 2012, decided to propose to reappoint Messrs.
Léo Apotheker, Jéréme Gallot, Willy Kissling, Henri Lachmann,
and Richard Thoman, members of the Supervisory Board, and
to ratify the cooptation of Mr. Xavier Fontanet at the next Annual
Shareholder’s Meeting.

The Schneider Electric SA Supervisory Board, meeting on May 4,
2012, reappointed Mr. Henri Lachmann as Chairman of the
Supervisory Board and Mr. Léo Apotheker as Vice Chairman. The
Supervisory Board also renewed Mr. Claude Bébéar in his functions

Employees

On March 29, 2012, Schneider Electric announced the launch
of a capital increase reserved for employees under the Group
employee savings plan (plan d’épargne salariale). This offering,
which is in line with the Group's policy to develop employee

Corporate Social Responsibility

as non-voting director. The Supervisory Board welcomed two new
members nominated at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of May
3, 2012, Mr. Antoine Gosset-Grainville, replacing Mr. Jér6me Gallot
and Mrs Magali Herbault, replacing Mr. Claude Briquet.

On December 18, 2012, the Supervisory Board of Schneider
Electric SA and its Chairman decided to propose a modification
of the Group's governance structure at the Annual Shareholder’s
meeting to be held on April 25, 2013. The Group will adopt a single
board structure with a Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration),
provided it is approved by shareholders.

shareholding, is proposed to Group employees in twenty-six
countries, including France. This plan covers around 80% of the
employees of the Group.

On January 17, 2012, Schneider Electric was recognised at
the Zayed Future Energy Prize (ZFEP 2012) in the category of
“Large Corporations” for leading efforts in renewable energy and
sustainability. General Sheikh Mohamad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan,
Abu Dhabi Crown Prince and Deputy Supreme Commander of the
UAE Armed Forces, presented the award to Jean-Pascal Tricoire,
President and CEO, Schneider Electric

On January 31, 2012, Schneider Electric announced the launch of
the second edition of Go Green in the City, its innovative competition
open to students in nine countries all over the world. Finals of the
challenge were held in Paris on June 20-23, 2012. More than
550 teams representing 1100 candidates from nine countries
participated in this challenge.

On January 31, 2012, Schneider Electric was recognized for its
commitment to sustainable development by directly integrating the
26th place of the “Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in
the World” list, directed by Corporate Knights. Schneider Electric is
positioning itself as the leading company in its sector and in the top
three of the eight French companies in the Global 100.

12 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

On March 19, 2012, Schneider Electric ranked for the second
year in a row in the Top 100 World’s Most Ethical Companies. This
designation awarded by Ethisphere Institute recognizes the Group's
efforts to promote the highest standard of ethical behaviour in
business.

On April 4, 2012, Schneider Electric and its Foundation announced
the creation of Schneider Electric Teachers. This Non-Governmental
Organization (NGO) aims to promote volunteering of current and
retired Schneider Electric employees in partner organisations
of the Schneider Electric Foundation, dedicated to teaching and
professional training within the energy field.

Schneider Electric and Grameen Shakti announced the creation
of Grameen Schneider Electric, a social business joint venture.
Grameen Schneider Electric aims to provide access to electricity
and develop associated services for disadvantaged people in
Bangladesh. The official signature for the creation of the company
took place June 19, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro (Brazil), on the fringes of
the UN Conference on Sustainable Development (“Rio +20”).


--- Page 3 ---

Overview of

the Group’s strategy,
markets and
businesses

1. Our strategy and market opportunities 14

2. Businesses, end-markets and customer

channels 18
3. Company history and development 22
4. Research & development 27
5. Organisational simplicity and efficiency 30
6. Risk Factors 33

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 13


--- Page 4 ---

1

14

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

OUR STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

> 1. Ourstrategy and market

opportunities

Schneider Electric, the global specialist in energy management with operations in over 100 countries, leverages its
portfolio to make energy safe, reliable, efficient, productive and green.

While global energy demand is set to rise to support growing industrialization and urbanization and energy prices are
escalating, carbon emissions must be cut drastically to protect the planet from irreversible climate change. Energy
efficiency has been identified as an essential part of the solution to the energy challenge and is a key pillar of Schneider

Electric’s strategy.

11 Ourmission

Schneider Electric manages energy in the space between
producers and consumers. Its mission is to leverage its portfolio to
make energy:

© safe: protecting people and assets;

reliable: guaranteeing ultra-secure, ultra-pure and uninterrupted
power especially for critical applications;

° efficient: delivering energy efficient solutions adapted to the
specific needs of each market;

© productive: expanding the use of automation and connectivity,
providing services throughout an_ installation’s life cycle;
and

© green: offering solutions that are environmentally friendly.

1.2__Wesee favourable trends in our environment creating opportunities

Energy efficiency

Energy Efficiency, meaning doing more with less, is an essential part
of the solution to the global energy challenge.

In its latest World Energy Outlook, the International Energy Agency
(IEA) estimates that the various energy efficiency policies that
are being introduced in many countries across the world could
account for about 70% of the reduction in projected global energy
demand in 2035, and 68% of the cumulative global savings in CO,
emissions. This compares with a 46% increase in global energy
demand by 2035 if nothing changes.

Boosting Energy Efficiency on the 3 major energy-consuming
sectors (Industry, Buildings and Homes) could help a country
reduce its overall energy use by 15% to 25% — in effect providing
a very attractive business case in both mature and new economies.
Energy Efficiency also offers an excellent payback: according to
the IEA, every Euro invested, in particular in Buildings, would yield
EUR1.6 in energy savings.

Alongside traditional “passive” energy efficiency technologies such
as building insulation and energy-efficient equipments, “active”
energy efficiency has a big role to play. Active energy efficiency
means optimizing a commercial & industrial building's performance
and usage through the use of building automation. One simple
example is to automatically adjust lighting and heating to room

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

occupancy — adapting to external conditions while ensuring users’
comfort.

This helps to continuously optimize energy performance throughout
the building's lifecycle - providing overall efficiency. Active energy
efficiency can save up to 30% of a building’s energy needs,
significantly improving a company’s carbon footprint while
delivering savings on its charges, with limited upfront investment.
Building automation is also a key enabler of the Smart Grid,
facilitating Demand side management by connecting buildings
smartly to the grid.

Towards a smarter electricity grid

Today's electricity grid is very similar to what it was one century
ago, carrying electricity from centralized generation plants to users
in homes, buildings, and facilities. But the grid is now undergoing
a revolution. Energy demand keeps increasing; carbon emissions
need to come down, and electricity is a big carbon emitter; there
are more and more renewable energy sources, which are by nature
intermittent and by design distributed; and infrastructures are
ageing, overloaded, or in need of heavy maintenance. The network
must therefore become smarter to adapt to this changing and more
complex environment.


--- Page 5 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

A smarter grid combines smarter supply (the efficient integration
of renewable energy sources, flexible distribution), smarter demand
(energy-efficient sites and homes, connected to the grid), and
demand response to balance the two.

Schneider Electric is active in five key domains of the smart grid:
flexible distribution, renewable energy integration, efficient buildings,
electric vehicle charging infrastructure and demand-response.
Recent acquisitions have considerably strengthened our play — from
Areva’s Distribution business to Energy Pool and Vizelia in 2010 and
Summit Energy and Telvent in 2011.

Cities, at the heart of the sustainability battle

Cities today contain 50% of the world’s population, consume 75%
of global energy consumption and give off 80% of greenhouse gas
emissions. And cities are growing: by 2050, they will be home to
70% of the people in the world. Cities face urban challenges of
unprecedented scale: scarcity of resources such as energy and
water; environmental pressure and pollution; aging and overloaded
infrastructure; traffic congestion; crime, etc.

All over the world, cities need to become smarter: more efficient,
more liveable and more sustainable. This means:

¢ improving the efficiency of the city’s underlying urban
infrastructures (electricity grid, gas distribution system, water
distribution system, public transportation systems, public
services, commercial buildings, hospitals, homes, etc);

becoming a better place to live, work and play;

reducing its environmental impact — lower carbon footprint, urban
regeneration, parks and trees, etc.

So what cities need today are solutions to their most acute pain-
points that: deliver the short-term results that constituents need;
provide visible, measurable results that increase attractiveness; and
have a low upfront investment, because cities across the world
need to balance their budget.

1.3 Ourstrategy

Leverage the world’s new energy challenges

The world’s energy challenges are many: growth in energy demand,
energy price increases, scarcity of natural resources, CO, emissions
reduction requirements, integration of unpredictable and intermittent
renewable sources of energy, increases in peaks of consumption
and others. We have developed a wide range of products and
solutions that will provide managers of industrial plants, data
centers, infrastructure, homes and buildings with significant levels
of energy efficiency and savings. Our smart grid solutions help
electricity producers and distributors to improve the efficiency of
their assets and to offer a better service to their consumers. This
also contributes to the improvement in the operation of the grid and
the reduction in investment in new generation capacity.

OUR STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

Schneider Electric delivers urban efficiency by bringing in
technology with tried and tested solutions and by working on
the integration of operating systems and information systems. As
cities involve many stakeholders — local and regional governments,
private companies, utilities, real estate developers, investors, etc. —
Schneider Electric drives collaboration to ensure buy-in of all these
stakeholders.

Schneider Electric already works with more than 200 cities across
the world, and helps provide visible benefits to cities and their
constituents:

© up to 30% energy savings;

© up to 15% reduction of water losses;

© up to 20% reduction of travel time and traffic delays;

© as well as environmental, social and economic benefits.

Accelerated growth in new economies

Non-OECD economies represented about 35% of global GDP
in 2011 and may reach close to 60% by 2030. Their share of global
energy demand will continue to rise — from 55% in 2010 to close
to 65% by 2035 — because of demographics, industrialisation,
urbanisation, and growing affluence.

Millions of men, women and children will see their living standards
rise: while today 1.3 billion people lack access to energy (20% of
the world’s population), this number will fall to 990 million in 2030,
or 12% of global population.

These dramatic shifts will change our world. In economic terms, it
means that new economies are the drivers of global growth — and
this trend should continue for years to come.

In order to benefit from this growth lever, Schneider Electric has
built a significant presence in these new economies, holding strong
positions in Asia, Africa, the Middle East, Latin America, Eastern
Europe and Russia.

Build two complementary business models:
Products and Solutions

Products and solutions are different and complementary business
models and we aim to deliver profitable growth in both. In order to
reinforce our leadership positions, we continue to target growth in
our products business by creating new opportunities for distributors
and direct partners in a win-win relationship. We are also focused on
growing our solutions business by increasing our service revenues
and reinforcing project execution. We have developed reference
architectures for solutions in targeted end-markets in order to
facilitate smooth integration of our products and speed up project
design. We are also deploying a unified software suite to support
the deployment of solutions.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 15


--- Page 6 ---

1

16

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

OUR STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

Products allow us to continue to achieve scale and pricing
power in our end-markets, while providing differentiation through
technologies that can be combined and integrated. The distinctive
and ergonomic design attributes of our products also create new
competitive advantages.

Solutions will allow us to generate additional growth and profits,
lower capital intensity and help reduce cyclicality. They also provide
significant opportunities for dialogue with our customers, which
helps inform our quest for continuous innovation.

Leverage the opportunity arising from the
accelerated expansion of certain economies

Certain countries in Asia (excluding Japan), Latin America (including
Mexico), the Middle East, Africa and Eastern Europe (including
Russia), which we refer to collectively as “new economies” have
entered a prolonged period of accelerated development. As a result
of the industrialization, urbanization, digitization and development
processes that these countries are experiencing, we expect the
markets of their economies to continue to have a pressing need for
the products and solutions that we provide. Our goal is to leverage
this opportunity by expanding our geographical coverage in these
markets, by increasing our presence in new cities, and further
penetrating these markets, with mid-market segment offerings
that are supported by strong brands with wide local coverage. We
have made a meaningful long-term commitment to, and investment
in, these economies. As of December 31, 2012, we had over
70,000 employees in new economies and, during 2012, our new
economies-based purchasing and manufacturing costs accounted
for a significant percentage of our consolidated costs of sales. We
believe the strength of our brands, our competitive local supply
chains and our commitment to integrating into, and contributing

14 Ourcompetitive strengths

to, the local markets are our competitive advantages in these
economies.

Invest in profitable and responsible growth
while driving efficiency

We believe in the high long-term growth potential of our business
and we continuously invest to drive that growth. This investment is
focused on sustained spending in research and development, as
well as on growing our commercial presence and skills, especially in
the fields of high value-added technologies and services.

In addition to generating strong organic growth, we have also
continuously looked for and evaluated possible opportunistic
acquisitions and intend to continue our strategy of selectively
considering the acquisition of, and investment in, companies, joint
ventures, strategic alliances and mergers that reinforce our global
leadership, provide skills and services geared towards energy
management, or relate to local businesses in new economies.
Certain of our recent acquisitions have been of significant size
and scope, such as our purchase of Telvent in 2011 and Areva D
in 2010, while other acquisition targets have been more modest.
We will continue to seek external growth opportunities by
considering a range of prospects across geographies, segments,
and target sizes.

In addition to the investments we make to foster growth, driving
efficiency at all levels of our Company is an equally important focus
of the Group. We continuously seek to generate savings from
purchasing and manufacturing and through improving operational
efficiency by reducing selling, general and administrative expenses,
while maintaining best-in-class standards in environmental
sustainability and social responsibility.

Technological leadership in energy
management

We believe we have best-in-class technology in energy management
to meet growing customer needs and challenges. We estimate that
nearly 90% of our revenue is derived from sales in businesses where
we enjoy a number one or two market position. We design products
and solutions that we believe offer the best levels of safety, reliability
and efficiency in our markets. This is achieved through consistently
high investment in research and development, which supports our
innovative product offerings and our ability to offer our customers
market leading solutions that seamlessly integrate the different
technologies in our portfolio. As a result, our products and solutions
meet the needs of our customers for simplicity, connectivity,
flexibility, productivity and efficiency. Additionally, through an

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

ongoing dialogue with our customers, we are able to maintain our
very high standards of quality and to anticipate the innovation that
will help drive our future growth. Thanks to technological leadership,
our major brands are among the most recognised in our industry.

Multiple channels of access to a broad and
diffuse user base

We work with many types of partners, such as distributors, system
integrators, contractors, panel builders, electricians, machine
manufacturers and others, as well as with our end customers.
Schneider Electric has developed the widest network of distribution
and direct partners in its industry. This provides us with many
channels of access to a market comprised of a broad and diffuse


--- Page 7 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

user base. Our diverse market access channels, which require only
minor capital investment, help to ensure that we are not dependent
on a limited number of large customers.

Success in our industry requires strong, long-term relationships with
our distribution partners and end customers and we are therefore
constantly seeking to enhance value for them. For example, we
provide training to our partners and participate in industry efforts
to improve applicable regulations and safety certifications. These
efforts and relationships also help to reinforce our reputation as a
trusted partner and allow us to benefit from solid pricing power.

OUR STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

Aglobal and balanced presence with a strong
ability to adapt to local needs

We have operations in more than 100 countries, in a balanced
geographical exposure on a worldwide basis. Due to our large
footprint, we are one of the few partners of global companies that
look for the highest standards of technology and quality for their
energy management equipment in all their operations around the
world. In addition, with 41% of our revenues in new economies
in 2012, we believe we are positioned to capture the higher growth
potential of these markets. Our presence in many diverse markets
ensures that we understand local needs, which assists us to
serve our customers in each country with dedicated products and
solutions adapted to local requirements.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1/7


--- Page 8 ---

1 OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

> 2. Businesses, end-markets
and customer channels

Schneider Electric operates in five principal markets: utilities and infrastructure, industry and machine manufacturers,
data centres and networks, non-residential as well as residential buildings.

The Group enjoys leadership positions in its five business segments: 90% of its 2012 revenue was derived from
revenues in businesses where the Group enjoyed a #1 or #2 market position, compared with 50% in 2000.

Schneider Electric manages multiple channels to markets built on strong partnerships.

21_Leadership positions in our businesses

Until end of 2012, Schneider Electric operations were organized in
five businesses (Power, Infrastructure, Industry, IT and Buildings),
built around key technologies. The Group has now regrouped its
five historical businesses under the umbrella of the Partner business
group and End User business group:

e the Partner business essentially comprises the former Power
business, which has been renamed to highlight its focus on the
business model dedicated to “Partners” customer channel;

© the End User business group focuses on the end-user led model.
It regroups all other businesses, namely Industry, IT, Infrastructure
and Building.

As in the past, to support the Solution approach, each business
bears the responsibility for targeted end-market segments.

Partner business

The Partner business: Number 1 Worldwide in Low
Voltage

Partner provides low voltage (“LV”) products and solutions in all
end markets from buildings to industries and infrastructure to data
centers, including protection functions (notably with circuit breakers),
power monitoring and control, power meters, electrical enclosures,
busways, power factor correction, LifeSpace products (including
wiring devices, network connectivity, home and building controls
and cable management systems), renewable energy conversion
and connection, and electrical vehicle charging infrastructure.

Partner business is responsible for integrated solutions in following
end-markets: Residential and Marine.

18 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

End User business group

The Industry business: Number 2 Worldwide
in Industrial Automation and Control

Industry provides comprehensive products and solutions for the
automation and control of machines, manufacturing plants and
industrial sites. It includes hardware, such as motion control,
variables speed drives, motor starters and contactors, human-
machine interface (“HMI”) terminals, programmable logic controllers
(“PLC”), push buttons and signalling, temperature and pressure
sensors, and customized sensors, as well as software applications
for operations management and supervisory control.

Industry business is responsible for integrated solutions in
following end-markets: Metal, Mineral & Mining (MMM"), Water,
Food & Beverage and OEM.

The /T business: Number 1 Worldwide in Critical
Power

IT specializes in critical power products and solutions for data
centers and other applications where power continuity and quality
is essential, including single phase and three-phase uninterruptable
power supplies (“UPS”), surge protection, racks, power distribution
units, security, cooling systems, services and software management.

IT business is responsible for integrated solutions in following end-
markets: IT industry, Banking/Insurance and Cloud & Telecom.

The Infrastructure business: Number 1 Worldwide in
Medium Voltage and Automation

Infrastructure specializes in medium voltage (“MV”) and grid
automation products and solutions, especially for infrastructure and
electrical utilities, including primary and secondary medium voltage
switchgear, transformers, electrical networks protection, remote
control, MV/LV substations, and Telvent software for the integrated


--- Page 9 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

management of mission critical infrastructure (primarily Distribution
Management Software, Operation Management Software,
supervision control and data acquisition (“SCADA”) software,
pipeline management and traffic management).

Infrastructure business is responsible for integrated solutions
in following end-markets: Electrical utilities, Oil & Gas and
Transportation.

2.2 Serving five attractive end markets

Schneider Electric serves customers in five principal markets:

© Non-residential Buildings;

* Utilities and Infrastructures;

© Industries and Machine manufacturers;
* Data Centres and Networks;

° Residential Buildings.

Non-residential buildings

The non-residential buildings market includes public, commercial
and industrial buildings such as offices, hotels, hospitals, shopping
centers, schools and sports and cultural centers. Because this
sector consumes significant amounts of energy, energy efficiency
is essential and is subject to new and demanding regulations.
Specified requirements have to be met in terms of comfort, security
and environmental friendliness, as do the needs of owners and
building managers seeking to reduce investment costs and optimize
maintenance and operating costs.

Our customers in this sector include end-users, property developers,
design firms, systems integrators, panel builders and installers,
electrical equipment distributors and building management
companies.

Within this market, targeted sub-segments include: Hotels/
Retail, Healthcare, Government/Educational, Life Sciences and
Real Estate.

Utilities and infrastructures

The global challenges in the utilities and infrastructure market
include increasing energy demand, the need for increased
energy efficiency to reduce environmental impact, expansion
of renewable energies, the evolution of regulations covering
the energy market and in particular the emergence of demand
response, and the growing need for real-time control of facilities,
security and reliability. We believe that the challenges faced by our
customers in this market offer long-term growth prospects. Our
main customers in this market include energy operators, water

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

The Buildings business: Number 4 Worldwide in
Building Automation and Video Security Systems

Buildings facilitates comfort and energy efficiency in non-residential
buildings through automation and security systems, including
Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning (“HVAC”) controllers, sensors,
valves and actuators, programmable regulators, centralized building
management systems, space optimization solutions, access
control, video cameras and security monitoring equipment.

Buildings business is responsible for integrated solutions in following
end-markets: Hotels/Retail, Healthcare, Government/Educational,
Life Sciences and Real Estate.

utilities, the owners and operators of oil, gas and transportation
infrastructure, and municipalities.

Within this market, targeted sub-segments include: Electrical
utilities, Oil & Gas, Transportation, Water and Marine.

Industries and machine manufacturers

Our energy solutions enable us to serve almost all segments
of the industries and machine manufacturers market, including
mines, cement plants, the food-processing industry and material
handling and packaging machines. Energy efficiency is at the
heart of the challenges facing these industries, which include the
reduction of production costs, compliance with new regulations,
and the reduction of the environmental impact of industrial activity.
In addition, both the rapid industrialization taking place in new
economies and the need to modernize existing industrial facilities in
mature economies create significant opportunities for growth. Our
customers include end users and companies, engineering firms,
systems integrators, OEMs, electro-intensive industries, panel
builders and electrical equipment distributors.

Within this market, targeted sub-segments include: Mining,
Minerals & Metals (“MMM"), Food & Beverage and OEM.

Data centers and networks

Data centers are sites containing servers that process and
store billions of pieces of digital data in secure, air conditioned
rooms. They constitute the central nervous systems of businesses
and the public sector, and we believe they are a high-potential
market thanks to the growing digitalization of professional and
personal activities. The expansion of data centers involves a
significant increase in electricity requirements to accommodate
the servers’ operation and cooling, and we expect that the cost of
energy needed to cool server rooms will shortly exceed the cost of
energy needed to operate the servers themselves.

Within this market, targeted sub-segments include: IT industry,
Banking/Insurance and Cloud & Telecom.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 19


--- Page 10 ---

1

20

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

Residential

Our market in the context of single-family homes and apartment
buildings is driven, particularly in mature economies, by renovation
and refurbishment needs, as well as by construction and upgrades,
particularly in new economies. Whether used for renovation or
construction, the underlying challenge is to reconcile technical
constraints and local standards and regulations with customers’
preferences. Consumers require comfort and aesthetics, but

increasingly desire energy efficiency, connectivity, security and
monitoring services as well. Our main customers in this market
include electricians, architects and decorators, those involved in the
home automation industry, lighting and security firms, construction
firms, contractors, electrical equipment distributors and large
do-it-yourself (“DIY”) stores, as well as end users and home owners.

2.3 Products and Solutions, two complementary business models

The businesses in each of our five segments offer products and
solutions. Solutions are comprised of systems, such as highly
customized products or combinations of our products, and
services. Our products and solutions businesses have different
revenue growth and profitability profiles, with our solutions business
complementing our products business by providing us with access
to the less capital intensive service market.

Product business model

We believe our products offer best-in-class technology, strong
channel access and optimal quality and cost, which allows us
to achieve scale and pricing advantages in the markets in which

2.4 Multiple accesses to market

Alarge portion of Group revenues are made through intermediaries
such as distributors, systems integrators, installers and purchasing
advisors, who all bring their own added value and know-how,
allowing the Group to access a number of different markets.

Distributors

Distributors account for approximately 50% of the Group's total
revenues through an extensive network in 190 countries all over
the world.

Schneider Electric works with many different types of distributors:
local distributors, wholesalers and non-specialised professional
distributors, large international groups such as Rexel, Sonepar,
Graybar and Grainger, IT specialists such as Tech Data and
Ingram Micro in the United States. In the residential renovation
sector, Schneider Electric also sells products through large home
improvement chains such as Home Depot and Lowes in the US,
Kingfisher in the UK and Saint Gobain Distribution in France. In
addition, the Group uses specialist distribution channels for highly
technical products such as automation solutions and industrial
software, as well as for Pelco’s access control and security products.

Schneider Electric assists its distributors in advising their customers
and helping them to benefit from technical innovations. To maintain
a high performance network, the Group works hand in hand

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

we operate. We market and sell our products principally through
distributors and direct partners, such as contractors, system
integrators and electricians, who provide us with the ability to reach
large numbers of small- and medium-sized customers.

Solution business model

We believe our solutions offer leading technology, strong integration
and service capabilities and segment-specific expertise. We market
and sell our solutions principally through direct partners, such as
contractors and system integrators, that provide us, our distributors
and other partners with access to larger customers. We also
distribute our solutions directly to existing customers.

with distributors on supply chain issues, technical training and
marketing. Internet tools now occupy a dominant position for sales,
and above all, provide up-to-date information. Through the eShop,
distributors can link Schneider Electric’s product database to their
e-commerce sites so that customers have reliable 24/7 access
to information. As part of a program to develop energy efficiency
solutions with distributors, the Group has published a catalogue of
energy efficiency solutions that suit the needs of different markets
and customer segments.

Other intermediaries

Panel builders and systems integrators

The main objective for Schneider Electric is to help these
professionals to extend their competencies by giving them the best
level of service available anywhere in the world.

Panel builders, of which there are more than 20,000 throughout
the world, make and sell electrical distribution or control/
monitoring switchboards, primarily for the buildings, energy
and electricity infrastructure markets. Their main customers
are contractors. Panel builders mostly buy low and medium
voltage devices, such as circuit breakers and contactors, and
increasingly, prefabricated systems.


--- Page 11 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Systems integrators design, develop and support automation
systems to meet their customers’ needs for the performance,
reliability, precision and efficiency of their operations. By providing
global coverage and local contacts, they offer their clients a high
degree of flexibility.

Schneider Electric has considerably expanded its automation
line up, giving systems integrators access to a powerful platform
covering all areas of automation from field control to Manufacturing
Execution Systems (MES).

Contractors

To design solutions tailored to end-users’ specific needs, Schneider
Electric works closely with contractors, small specialists or
generalist electricians, large companies that install equipment and
systems and integrators.

These partners bring value for end customers, first by advising them
about the choice of solutions that best suits their needs, and then by
installing efficient systems. The main objective for Schneider Electric
is to support them in the rapid development of solutions and
technologies for the residential market: lighting, temperature and
door management systems, recharging equipment for electric
vehicles and renewable energy solutions.

In order to strengthen a relationship based on mutual trust and
added value, Schneider Electric partners actively with contractors,
providing technical training and support.

In this regard, the EcoXpert program aims to secure special
partnerships with certain installers, with whom Schneider Electric
shares all its expertise on renewable energy and energy efficiency
solutions. The EcoXpert network is being developed in many
countries throughout the world.

Specialists

To meet their customers’ growing demand for comfort, ergonomics
and design, specialists (engineers, architects and design firms) are
constantly looking for more efficient and better integrated solutions
for energy management, as well as for access control, security, and
building automation.

They are therefore essential partners for Schneider Electric's growth,
notably in the high-potential buildings and residential markets, which
include the construction and renovation of single-family homes and
apartment buildings.

Schneider Electric provides many information and training tools for
specialists, such as reserved exhibits, electrical installation guides,
installation design software and training methods.

End-users

Original Equipment Manufacturers

Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) continuously seek to
improve machine performance and optimise maintenance in areas
ranging from packaging to textiles, elevators to conveyors, and
materials handling and hoisting to HVAC.

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

Schneider Electric works closely with almost
30,000 OEMs. The Group leverages its expertise and know-how to
nurture these special partnerships. This is mainly achieved through:

© an extensive knowledge of OEMs’ applications;

dedicated centres of excellence that offer the most competitive
solutions for new machines, in particular, pre-tested, pre-
developed and personalised solutions;

an international customer support to deliver high-performance
after-sales service worldwide;

a dedicated program for multi-site and/or global OEMs
that enhances their ability to offer superior solutions on an
international level.

Other large end-users and global strategic accounts

Schneider Electric also addresses customers directly in a number of
end-markets, including but not limited to: utilities, governments and
local public authorities, etc.

The Group has established a dedicated organisation for global
customers, so-called “global strategic accounts”, with the purpose
of developing privileged relationships with them. To meet these
customer expectations, the Group offers “preferred supplier
contracts” to ensure that they receive services of the highest quality.

This organisation is based on short lines of communication and
decision-making, rapid mobilisation of Group resources throughout
the world, and dedicated teams in which management is directly
involved.

91 global customers benefit from this organisation, including
Air Liquide, GlaxoSmithKline, IBM, Lafarge, Marriott, Nestlé,
Procter & Gamble, Total, Toyota, Veolia Environnement and Walmart.

Customer satisfaction

Customer satisfaction is an integral part of Schneider
Electric’s growth strategy. Every contact with
Schneider Electric should be a positive experience
that makes all customers, no matter who they
are or where they are located, feel understood
and satisfied. This commitment is an important
differentiating factor, and customer satisfaction
surveys are regularly carried out in all countries in
which the Group operates, and employees attend
related training programs.

Customers also have access to online diagnostics
and support services (an e-catalogue, downloadable
software and online information and training).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 21


--- Page 12 ---

1 OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

2.5 Competitive landscape

The main global competitors of Schneider Electric, by technology, are:

° Low-voltage electrical distribution & Renewables: ABB,
Siemens, Eaton, Legrand;

¢ Medium voltage distribution & Grid automation: ABB,
Siemens;

° Industrial automation: Siemens, Rockwell Automation;

© Critical power & cooling for data centers: Emerson, Eaton;
© Building automation: Siemens, Johnson Controls, Honeywell.

Other regional and emerging market competitors include: Chint,
Weg, Larsen & Toubro and Delta.

> 3. Company history and development

3.1 History

From its beginnings in steel during the Industrial Revolution over
175 years ago, to the progression into electricity and, more recently,
into energy management, the Group has undertaken significant
changes in its operations throughout its history.

1836-1980: A Family Business becomes
a Major Player

1836: Brothers Adolphe and Joseph-Eugene Schneider take over
an abandoned foundry in Le Creusot, France and, two years later,
create Schneider & Cie, focusing primarily on the steel industry.
Schneider & Cie grows rapidly, specializing in the production of
heavy machinery and transportation equipment, and eventually
becomes the Schneider Group, a diversified conglomerate.

1975: The Schneider Group acquires an interest in Merlin Gerin,
one of the top manufacturers of electrical distribution equipment in
France and which had been involved in the electricity sector since
the late 19th century.

1981-2001: The Schneider Group refocuses
on the Electricity Sector

1981-1997: Schneider Group refocuses on the electrical industry
by divesting its non-strategic assets, such as its public works

22 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

company, Spie Batignolles. Schneider Group undertakes a series
of strategic acquisitions: Telemecanique in 1988, Square D in 1991
and Merlin Gerin in 1992.

1999: Schneider Group acquires Lexel, one of Europe's largest
suppliers of installation systems and control solutions. In May 1999
the Group is renamed to Schneider Electric, to clearly emphasise its
expertise in the electrical field.

Since 2002: A Strategic Transformation

At the turn of the 2000s, Schneider Electric radically rethinks its
growth strategy, setting itself three goals:

© ensuring a more balanced exposure to its strategic end markets;

® enhancing its portfolio of historical operations (electricity
distribution, automation and industrial control) with adjacent
and synergetic businesses in order to boost its organic growth
potential; and

anticipating the future energy requirements of companies and
individuals.

This strategy led Schneider Electric to conduct a number of
strategic acquisitions both in mature countries and in new
economies targeting companies offering complementary products
and solutions.


--- Page 13 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

3.2_From Power & Control to Energy Management

Creating a major player in Building
Automation & Security
° As the result of several acquisitions, TAC in 2003, Andover

Controls in 2004 and Invensys Building Systems in 2005, we
became a major player in building automation.

We entered the video security market in 2007 with the acquisition
of Pelco.

In recent years we have further developed our operations in
mature countries, in particular through the acquisition of two
pioneering French companies in December 2010: Vizelia, a
provider of software that monitors the energy consumption of
buildings in real time, and D5x, a specialist in solutions optimizing
the use of commercial buildings.

° The acquisitions of Summit Energy (2011) and M&C Energy
Group (2012) increased our expertise in energy procurement
services.

Building a global leader in Critical Power

We identified Critical Power as a key technology for our portfolio
and regained majority control of MGE UPS in 2004.

We became a global player with the acquisition of American
Power Conversion (APC) in 2007, the US-based world leader
in single-phase and three-phase UPS with operations on all
continents and USD2.5 bn of revenues.

We expanded our operations in new economies with the
acquisition of UPS manufacturer Microsol Tecnologia in Brazil
in 2009 and the acquisition of APW in India in 2011.

In 2011, we broadened our portfolio with cooling offers from
Uniflair, data center services from Lee Technologies and back-up
power storage from Luminous.

3.3_Recent external growth

Building a global leader in Medium
Voltage & Grid Automation

We have historically been one of the leading players in medium
voltage electrical distribution products and equipments.

With the acquisition of Areva D (Areva’s medium voltage
distribution division) in June 2010, we significantly improved our
position in medium voltage and grid automation.

In 2010, we acquired 50% of Electroshield Samara, a leading
medium voltage company in Russia.

With the acquisition of Telvent in 2011, a Spanish software
company with a strong presence in North America, we became a
global leader in medium voltage & grid automation.

Reinforcing leadership in Low
Voltage distribution and Industrial
Automation & Control

° We reinforced our Wiring Devices and Ultra Terminal offer with
several acquisitions: Clipsal in 2008, OVA, Merten and GET
in 2006, Marisio and Wessen in 2008.

¢ We grew our portfolio in renewables conversion with Xantrex
in 2008.

We grew our presence in new economies with Delixi in China,
Conzerv in India (2009) and Steck Group in Brazil (2011).

We reinforced our Industrial Automation & Control portfolio with
Citect in 2006, RAM Industries in 2008, Cimac and SCADA
group in 2010 and Leader & Harvest in 2011.

The Group was particularly active in 2011, acquiring, in line with its
expansion strategy, several small- and medium-sized companies in
three fields of opportunities:

© increasing its solution expertise;
© growing its presence in new economies;
© gaining market shares to reinforce its global leadership.

Recent acquisitions in Solutions

We have recently made several acquisitions in our Solutions
business, which focuses on technologies that can be combined
and integrated with existing infrastructure to better manage our
customers’ energy requirements.

In March 2011, we acquired Summit Energy, a leader in
outsourced energy services and sustainable development
services for industrial and commercial enterprises and institutions.

In April 2011, we acquired Lee Technologies, a leading service
provider for data centers in North America.

In August 2011, we acquired Telvent, a leading provider of
software and IT solutions with high added value for the real-time
management of critical infrastructures in the electrical, oil and
gas, and water treatment sectors, as well as for transport. This
acquisition enabled us to offer a high added-value software
platform complementary to our equipment control and
software management offerings via a smart grid and efficient
infrastructures.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 23


--- Page 14 ---

1

24

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

Recent acquisitions in new economies

¢ In January 2011, we acquired the majority of the share capital
of APW President Systems Limited, a company specializing in
the design and manufacture of standard or custom-built electric
bays and cabinets for use by telecom and information technology
end-users in India.

© In March 2011, we acquired the assets of DIGILINK, a leader in
structured cabling system supply in India.

© In June 2011, we acquired Leader & Harvest, one of the leading
suppliers of medium voltage variable-speed drives in the rapidly
growing Chinese market.

In July 2011, NVC Lighting, a Chinese company, and Schneider
Electric entered into a partnership aimed at enabling us to
increase our presence in small cities in China through the use
of NVC Lighting’s well-established and widespread distribution
channels. During this same month, we also acquired the Steck
Group, a key Brazilian player in the fast-growing final low-voltage
segment serving residential and commercial buildings in Brazil as
well as its industrial sectors.

3.4 Change management through company programs

We deployed our long-term strategy consistently in the past decade
through a series of accretive company programs.

2001-2008: launch of change management program NEW2004,
followed by new? in 20085, with the aim of formalising consistent and
coordinated objectives for all employees.

2009-2011: a new company program called “One” introduced to
support Schneider Electric’s strategic goals. One, the successor to
new’, continues the focus on customer satisfaction (Customer 1)
and staff development (1 Team). The program also includes strategic
initiatives to strengthen Schneider Electric's leading position on its
market:

© becoming a solutions provider (1 Solution Provider);
© giving priority to new economies (1 Leader in New Economies);

© simplifying processes in order to act as a single, unified entity
(1 Company).

One represented a significant step forward in our transformation.

With One, we re-organized into five customer-focused businesses

and strengthened our integrated portfolio to establish ourselves as

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

a global leader in energy management, becoming a leading provider
of high value-added solutions. During the course of the program,
solutions increased as a percentage of our revenues, accounting
for 37% in 2011. Our position within new economies was also
significantly strengthened. We believe we emerged from One
leaner, simpler and more agile. Under One, we simplified our supply
chain, reduced the number of our active brands to 10 (excluding
brands from recent acquisitions and in the mid-market) from 120
such brands in 2008, generated almost EUR1 billion of productivity
savings and increased operational efficiency by reducing our
support functions costs to revenues ratio by 1.5 points.

2012: Connect, our new company program

Following our successful strategic transformation, we designed and
launched Connect, our new company program for the 2012-2014
period. Connect is another major step in the ongoing deployment
of our strategy. With Connect, we intend to extend the strong
foundation of One to all of our strategic levers: products and
solutions, mature and new economies and people, while continuing
to drive efficiency at all levels.


--- Page 15 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

Connect, Schneider Electric’s new company program
(2012-2014)

Connect, Schneider Electric’s company program for the 2012-2014 period, is another major
step in the consistent deployment of the Group’s strategy. With Connect, the Group will extend
the strong foundation of One to all its strategic levers: products and solutions, mature and new
economies, people, while continuing to drive efficiency at all levels.

The new 3-year plan covering 2012-2014 includes four major
initiatives:

Connect
for Efficency

Connect to Customers: this initiative aims at further improving
the performance of its business models in order to be a leader in
products and in solutions, and to adapt the different dimensions
of the customers and partners experience with Schneider Electric
when they interact with the Group:

— Partner Excellence: continue to grow in products by creating
new opportunities for Distributors and Partners, in a win-win
relationship leveraging the strength of One Schneider Electric
and leading product innovation. This initiative will further
reinforce the Group's leadership position in the Product
Business.

— Solution Excellence: leverage the Group’s unique value
proposition with its solution capabilities, improve equipment
cost competitiveness, reinforce execution while being more
selective on projects, and boost service sales. This initiative
will temporarily impact the Solution Business’s growth but will
significantly raise its profitability and return profile.

— Tailored supply chain: bring the supply chain to a new level
of excellence by aligning organisation to customer needs and
providing differentiated manufacturing and delivery models for
each customer segment. This initiative should lead to higher
customer satisfaction and inventory efficiency.

Connect Everywhere: this initiative is designed to identify key
investment areas in new economies and create new opportunities
in mature countries to be a leader in both types of geographic
areas.

— Grow in new economies: expand geographical coverage by
increasing the Group's presence in the fast-growing second-
tier cities and further penetrate these markets with mid-
market segment offerings supported by strong brands with
wide local coverage. The initiative will continue to support the
long term growth potential of new economies in Schneider
Electric's portfolio.

- Grow in mature countries: grow activities that develop
independently from traditional capex trends with a focus
on opex-driven opportunities and new businesses. This
includes developing installed base and energy management
services, capturing the smart grid opportunity while investing
in new businesses in areas such as electric vehicle charging
infrastructure, home automation and carbon management.
With this initiative, the Group aims to create its own growth
momentum in mature countries.

° Connect People: the target of this transformation is to create

a culture and an environment for the Group’s employees’

development and performance.

- Engaging leaders: train leaders with Schneider Electric
University and promote Diversity.

— Engaged individuals: support employee development via
training, empowerment and cross-business mobility.

— Engaging workplace: step-up collaboration & communities,
regroup locations, ensure safety at work, develop the
Schneider Way.

© Connect for Efficiency: this initiative includes the actions aiming

at writing a new chapter in the Group's history of profitable and
responsible growth.

— Industrial Productivity: raise the bar with tailored supply
chain and drive significant industrial productivity through
purchasing, footprint optimisation, supply chain flow re-design
and transportation rationalisation. This will be supported by a
best-in-class planning process by customer segment and an
IT system aligned with supply chain segmentation.

- Support Functions Efficiency: leverage scale to drive
savings on support functions, through non-production
purchases rationalisation, more globalisation of corporate
functions, simplification of business and country level set-up,
and implementation of acquisition synergies. At the same time,
the Company will continue to invest in commercial presence
and research and development to support future growth. Total
R&D expenses to revenues ratio is expected to move towards
5% of revenues going forward.

- Planet & Society Barometer: maintain best-in-class
standard in environmental sustainability and social
responsibility. Management compensation is partly tied to
barometer performance.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 25


--- Page 16 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

1 COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

Connect: Key financial targets for 2012-2014

With Connect, Schneider Electric expects Group performance to reach a new level of excellence by 2014.

Key targets

Services growth
Solutions profitability

Industrial productivity

Support functions efficiency
Inventory efficiency

* Assuming no severe disruption of the global economy.

During 2012, and despite difficult business conditions, these

indicators have been showing progress on the whole:

* Services recorded a positive start with organic growth of 4%, or

5 points above the rest of the Group;

© Solutions saw their profitability improve by 1 point, to ~10%

versus ~9% in 2011;

Ambitious long term financial targets
for attractive shareholder returns

Over the long term, the key Company priorities remain
focused on profitable growth, cash conversion and capital
efficiency. The management views the Connect program as
another opportunity to improve the Group's through cycle
performance on those metrics.

Across the business cycle ") performance targets:
¢ Revenues: average organic growth of GDP + 3 points.

By offer types, revenues growth will be driven by Solutions
with a targeted profile at GDP + 3 to 5 points. The Group
intends to maintain solid Products growth, at a rate of GDP
+1 to 3 points.

By geographies, growth will continue to be driven by New
Economies with a targeted growth profile at GDP + 6 to
8 points.

By 2014

Outgrow the rest of Group by more than 5 points (on organic basis)

At least 2 points improvement on the adjusted EBITA margin

EURO.9bn to EUR1.1bn of cumulated gross productivity

At least 1 point decrease of support functions costs/revenues ratio*

(excl. scope and currency, net of investments)

Inventory / revenues ratio reduced by ~2 points

© Industrial productivity reached EUR289 million, a performance

in line with expectations, taking into account the negative
production volume recorded;

© the support functions costs/revenues ratio posted a decrease

of 0.2 point, excluding scope and currency;

© Inventory efficiency improved with a 1 point drop in inventory to

revenues ratio.

For each of these indicators, the reference basis is
world GDP growth on a real basis and at market foreign
exchange rates;

° Adjusted EBITA: margin between 13% and 17% of
revenues;

© Cash conversion: ~100% of net profit converted into free
cash flow.

Across the business cycle capital efficiency targets:
 ROCE™: between 11% and 15%;
© Dividend: 50% payout of net income;

© Capital structure: retain a strong investment grade credit
rating.

Capital Employed is defined as: shareholders’ equity + Net

financial debt + Adjustment for associates and financial

assets.

(1) Schneider Electric defines a business cycle as a period including a slowdown and an expansion, or a period in between.
This concept allows investors to estimate the Group's long-term growth potential across a business cycle. The length of a business cycle

can vary and cannot be forecasted.

“ ROCE is defined as: adjusted EBITA after tax/Average Capital Employed.

26 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 17 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

> 4. Research & development

The R&D strategy of Schneider Electric is designed to consolidate our global leadership in critical technologies of
its businesses while supporting the specific needs of each market by the Group and the strategic development of

solutions.

To support innovation, the Group invests nearly 5% of its revenue in R&D each year.

4:1 Aglobal R&D organization

The R&D organization is structured around four global hubs (China,
India, the Americas and France) and their satellite sites (in the
countries) and a central function.

The central R&D function:

* coordinates innovation on the common technology platforms of
the 5 Group businesses;

° defines and oversees the implementation of tools and design
methods, with a particular focus on systems engineering
(including StruxureWare).

The four global hubs:

° develop products/solutions for all Group businesses (global
products);

© collaborate with the organization in each country to specify and
develop specific offers;

© develop strategic expertise and innovative technologies for the
entire Group, both internally and in partnership with research
organizations. This will drive the development of the products
of tomorrow.

Governance of all of these activities is ensured by a council of the
Chief Technology Officers (“CTO”) of each business and the CTO
Group. The medium-term technology strategy is validated annually
by the Executive Committee.

‘StruxureLabs

To improve the effectiveness of solutions development projects, the
Group has established global structures responsible for defining

pre-assembled solutions for the market segments targeted by
Schneider Electric. These “StruxureLabs” both better meet all the
market-specific needs of our customers (hospital, mines, utilities,
etc.) as well as accelerate the adoption of the Group’s technology
platforms. These pre-assembled solutions are composed
of predefined bricks assembled into a tested and validated
architecture to ensure rapid deployment and risk control. This
enables StuxureLabs to combine the power of global technology
platforms and focus on the specific characteristics of each market
segment.

Diversified partnerships

In addition to pursuing our own innovation and R&D initiatives,
we pursue an active R&D partnership policy in collaboration with
prestigious universities and institutions, such as Shanghai Jiao Tong
University in China, the MIT Media Lab and Georgia Tech in the
United States, the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy
Commission (Commissariat a I’énergie atomique et aux énergies
alternatives), INRIA (the National Institute for IT and Automation
Research in France), Ecole des Mines ParisTech, Institut National
Polytechnique de Grenoble and Université Joseph-Fourier in France
and the Monterrey Institute of Technology in Mexico.

We are also involved in numerous collaborative projects with
academic and industrial partners in France and the rest of Europe,
specifically in the areas of energy efficiency and environmental
protection. Partnerships are also made possible by bilateral
agreements or support for professorships.

4.2 Launch of an integrated software suite

StruxureWare is developed within the transverse program
EcoStruxure, which defines a common architecture to efficiently and
flawlessly integrate our various technologies. Integration enables us
to provide transverse solutions combining energy management and
process management in each market segment.

StruxureWare, launched late 2011, is an integrated software
suite covering all operational management and global enterprise
management needs: from process optimization to environmental
reporting (from shop floor to top floor). The suite combines
Schneider Electric's historical control solutions and complementary
solutions from recent acquisitions.

In 2012, StruxureWare launch was extended to all of the market
segments served by Schneider Electric. For each segment, a
specific version of the suite was defined by combining standard
or specific applications or specific extensions for each market
segment. (The control application is usually very specific to each
segment, while the resource management application is generic.)

Finally, each segment solution is developed in several reference
architectures that address the main issues of each segment.
These reference architectures offer customers implementation with
controlled risk and accelerated achievement of targeted operational
and financial results.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 2/7


--- Page 18 ---

1

28

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

4.3. Achieving the platform strategy

The platform strategy initiated late 2011 defines, within targeted
development areas, the core technologies that will be developed
jointly (between all businesses) and the components that will remain
under the responsibility of a single business. This approach seeks,
in addition to efficiency gains, to increase Schneider Electric’s
capacity to innovate:

© better alignment of R&D resources and development programs;

© faster integration of
StruxureWare;

© increased ease of integrating third-party products into Schneider
Electric solutions due to the definition of interoperability standards.

acquisitions, as demonstrated by

44 Large scale collaborative projects

In 2012, our Innovation and Technology Board proposed the
extension of the platform strategy to six major areas, which represent
80% of the technologies that are common to all businesses.

In addition to traditional areas such as embedded control or
supervision control (SCADA), the platform strategy includes
emerging domains such as “operational intelligence”. A critical
link between business systems and control systems, operational
intelligence combines data from these two levels to optimize the
operational performance of the Company.

In parallel to major internal programs like EcoStruxure and the
platform strategy, we are also involved in numerous collaborative
projects with third parties.

Collaborative energy efficiency program

The HOMES program was completed at the end of 2012. HOMES
is the largest European program addressing energy efficiency of
buildings. Schneider Electric led the program for four years, with a
budget of EUR88 million bringing together 13 academic, technology
and usage specialist partners. The integration of the developed
technology and prototypes began this year and will continue
in 2013. The program has contributed a large number of results:

standards and regulations: changes to EN15232 on technical
building systems, labels, new construction regulations or
administrative regulations for operational site;

lobbying the directorate of the European Union and national
governments to push SAEI (Site Actual Energy Index), the
sites instrumentation plan and prioritization of energy efficiency
investments;

energy savings, return on

forecasting;

investment, job creation and

training for engineering, technical, or primary schools with the
“mini homes” model.

The program also opened new fields of investigation, which our

teams are now preparing and which will enable new collaborative
programs and partnerships.

Projects around Smart Cities

In 2011, three new Smart Grid projects were launched. In 2012, the
theme was Smart Cities:

AMBASSADOR: European project led by Schneider Electric, with
15 partners over a period of four years. This project proposes
a solution to define optimal energy management strategies
in eco-districts. The project will be based on three test sites:
Chambery, Athens and London.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

ODYSSEUS: European project led by Schneider Electric (Telvent),
with nine partners over a period of three years. This project aims
to develop a software system to support the overall management
of the supply, demand and storage of energy in urban areas. The
software will be based on the development of a dynamic energy
profile card attached to each node of the network. Neighborhoods
in Rome and Manchester will illustrate the results of the project.

Co-innovation with respect to electric vehicles

In terms of charging terminals, the important lines of research for us
and our partners are:

© ease of charging, which is one of the key factors in the public’s
acceptance of electric vehicles;

induction charging, a wireless solution, will make charging much
easier for users. Studies and initial experiments carried out have
resulted in an innovative prototype, which will be tested in a
Renault vehicle in the months to come;

development of standardized offers thanks to two collaborative
projects, one French (CINELLI) and one European (WIC2IT).

Contribution to communication standards

We are one of the most active members of the ZigBee alliance and
are particularly involved in the proposal of a protocol called Green
Power, a radio communication standard with extremely low energy
consumption that can be used in self-powered devices (e.g., by
solar power).

In August 2012, the ZigBee alliance formally accepted the Green
Power standard, and it is currently being integrated into the Home
Automation and Building Automation applications. This will ensure
broad adoption of this protocol and the interoperability of the
network of diffused sensors.


--- Page 19 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Supporting sustainable development

Thanks to funding from the French Environment and Energy
Management Agency (ADEME), the thermodynamic solar
power plant project for “off grid” villages has moved into its
operational testing phase. The two sectors are very advanced
from an engineering stand point: capturing solar energy, thermal

4.5 Human capital

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

storage, thermodynamic generator, power electronics, controls,
etc. Additional water purification functionality rounds out energy
production. A full-scale installation is being built on the CEA site at
Cadarache, which in 2013 will reinforce the expected performance.
This will be done before the actual implementation expected in 2014,
first in Africa.

In 2011, we launched a program to develop our competence
networks. More than 120 internal networks of expertise are in
place. Each of the 11,000 employees who are directly involved in
research and development or technical engineering operations in
26 countries and over more than 70 sites will benefit from collective
approaches to sharing, nurturing and capitalizing on expertise.

This program is part of a long-term vision to increase our
technological leadership. We built this program around areas of
formally identified strategic competences, in order to:

© provide the men and women in R&D a motivating framework in
terms of recognition and development in the Company;

4.6 Financing innovative startups

In 2000, Schneider Electric created an investment structure called
Schneider Electric Ventures to invest in high-tech startups whose
innovations fit with the Group's future development.

In 2010, Schneider Electric Ventures became Aster Capital with
the launch of a new capital investment fund to finance innovative
startups operating within the areas of energy, new materials and
the environment. This new fund received a capital subscription
of EUR105 million from Schneider Electric (EUR40 million),
Alstom (EUR30 million), Solvay (EUR15 million) and in 2012 by
the European Investment Fund (EUR20 million), a benchmark
financial partner in Europe.

The mission of Aster Capital is to purchase minority interests in
innovative startups in the fields of energy and the environment
based in Europe, Israel, North America and Asia. These investment
vehicles constitute a source of particularly productive partnerships
and have forged contacts with more than a thousand small and
mid-sized businesses around the world each year. In 2012, four
new investments were realized, joining the three companies already
in the portfolio: Optiréno, loxus and Avantium.

Aster currently still holds 11 equity interests in the companies
Solaire Direct, Jet Metal Technologies, Tronics, Casanova, Tiempo,
Ordinal Software, Teem Photonics, HBA, Fludicon, Agilence and
ConnectBlue.

Lucibel - EUR1.5 million investment
in June 2012

The French company Lucibel develops and markets innovative
LED (Light Emitting Diode) lighting solutions combining energy
savings, durability and quality of light, intended for communities,
professionals and individuals. This company has already established
a first partnership with the LifeSpace Asia Pacific division and
initiated cooperation agreements with the Buildings organizations
of different countries.

help improve the time-to-market of our programs by the injection
of resources and core competences;

better and more quickly anticipate our development in view of the
trends and weak signals in the area;

structure our internal and external competence plans
(including through participation in structured research projects
and partnerships).

EcoFactor - USD2 million investment
in September 2012

EcoFactor has developed an intelligent solution to optimize energy
consumption of residential buildings through dynamic management
of heating and air conditioning while maintaining a level of comfort.
The investment in this American company was supported by the
interest of the LifeSpace North America division for their solution,
particularly in the framework of the Efficient Home project.

SolarFuel - EUR4 million investment
in October 2012

The production of renewable energy varies depending on weather
conditions, which can generate surplus electricity. The German
company SolarFuel proposes to convert this energy into synthetic
gas. Its technology is already being rolled out in partnership with
Audi, which is launching a CO,-neutral car model powered by this
“e-gas”.

BuildingIQ - USD2 million investment
in November 2012

The system proposed by the American company BuildinglQ
improves the energy performance of commercial buildings. This
software is integrated into existing Building Management Systems
and is capable of predicting needs and adjusting the parameters
of heating, ventilation and air conditioning in real time in order to
reduce energy bills by 15 to 40%. BuildinglQ has already concluded
an initial trade agreement with the Buildings divisions in the United
States and Australia.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 29


--- Page 20 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

1

ORGANISATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

> 5. Organisational simplicity

and efficiency

Schneider Electric’s profile has undergone an unprecedented transformation in the past decade to become a global

specialist in energy management.

Under the One company program (2009-2011), the organization was redesigned to better serve its customers. This
transformation continues with the launch of Connect, the new company program for 2012 to 2014

5.1 Acustomer focused organization

Dual responsibility - technologies and end-
markets

Schneider Electric is organized in five business segments. Each
business segment is responsible for specific technologies as well as
targeted end-market segments. This organization was designed in
order to support our two business models: products and solutions.
Selling products requires clear technological leadership, while
selling solutions requires close customer relationships and a deep
understanding of end users’ needs.

© Partner (wich was called Power until December 31, 2012
cf. page 18) business scope covers low voltage and renewable
technologies. The business is in charge of integrated solutions for
the residential and marine end-markets.

Infrastructure business scope covers medium voltage and grid
automation technologies. The business is in charge of integrated
solutions for the oil & gas and utilities end-markets.

Industry business scope covers industrial automation, control
and sensors technologies. The business is in charge of
integrated solutions for the OEMs, water treatment and mining,
minerals & metals (“MMM”) end-markets.

IT business scope covers critical power and cooling technologies

for data centers. The business is in charge of integrated solutions
for the data centers and financial services end-markets.

Buildings business covers building automation technologies.
The business is in charge of integrated solutions for hotels,
hospitals, office buildings and retail buildings.

Each of the five business segment manages its R&D, marketing and
sales teams and is responsible for its global results.

A number of back-office functions such as finance, human
resources, IT systems and global marketing are handled by the
Global Functions, which have a governance role and provide
services internally.

30 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Rationalization and optimization of synergies

The organization is deployed in accordance with three key concepts:
specialization, mutualization and globalization. Specialization
mainly concerns sales and front-office operations. Mutualization
covers local back-office operations at the country and regional level.
Globalization concerns the six support functions, now known as
Global Functions:

° Finance;

© Marketing;

© Supply chain;

° Human resources;

© Strategy & Innovation;
© Information systems.

A substantial portion of the Global Functions’ costs is re-allocated
to the businesses using distribution keys or application bases that
are generally defined annually.

© Specialization: in each country, each business has its own sales
force and local leader as soon as it reaches critical mass. It also
has a specialized front office in each host country to respond
more effectively to customer demand for specific expertise. Each
business segment is also responsible for its overall results, both
for product sales (in its business lines) and the implementation of
solutions (especially for end-market segments within its scope). As.
solutions can consist of products coming from different business.
segments and in order to define a single point of contact for
customers, each business segment is responsible for solutions
in certain defined end-markets. Over the course of 2012, efforts
continued to focus on implementing and strengthening existing
teams dedicated to meeting the specific needs of these strategic
customer segments with a strong focus on the collaboration
between the business lines, in order to ensure these customer's
needs are met as fully as possible.


--- Page 21 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

¢ Mutualization: The most significant organizational evolution
in 2012 involved the creation of 3 Operational Regions: Global
Operations, North America and China. These Regions are
split into 17 zones with empowered Zone Presidents. These
changes also strengthened the role of the Country Presidents,
which are appointed in each country to oversee all delegated
businesses (and associated income statements), monitor the
full transversal P&L of the country, deploy Schneider Electric's
strategy in the country (including all local cross-functional topics
such as increasing cross-selling among businesses) and pooling
of local back-office resources. These resources are gradually
brought together in each country or region under the Country
President's supervision and can include multiple local support
functions ranging from administration to project execution,
depending on the situation. In addition, the Country President

Geographic dimension and legal structure

ORGANISATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

serves as the mutualization driving force and Schneider Electric's
main representative in the country, most notably in dealings with
employees and local officials.

Globalization: Major support functions that are not specific to
a given country or business are gradually globalized to increase
experience and leverage a significant scale effect around cost
and service. Manufacturing and supply chain operations, areas
of shared services or expertise (such as finance or human
resources), information systems, strategy & innovation as well
as certain marketing functions (e.g. web services) are now
included within the Group's Global Functions. The various Global
Functions have followed their structuring and rollout approach at
a global level and since early 2011. Global Supply Chain was a
key topic over the course of 2012, focusing on the areas of Global
Productivity, Customer Differentiation and Customer Satisfaction.

The Group's goal is to establish, where ever possible, a single legal structure in each country.

Schneider Electric's simplified legal organization chart is as follows:

Schneider
Electric SA

Operational
companies

The list of consolidated companies is provided in note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements (see pages 219 and following).

Schneider Electric
Industries SAS

Boissiére Finance

Boissiére Finance is the Group's centralized cash-management
structure; it also centralizes hedging operations for all subsidiaries.

5.2 Amore modular approach to information systems

In 2012, Schneider Electric launched a 3-year strategic IT plan in
line with the Company strategy and Connect company program.
The IT Strategy for Schneider Electric is comprised of four
strategic directions:

© Standardize where it creates value: six IT domains as modular
as possible and which can be easily integrated for agility and
focused differentiation ;

° Make Diversity Efficient: ERP federation with coordinated
data achieved by minimizing the number of ERP migrations by
replacing only when necessary, ultimately aiming for a consistent
ERP landscape per country ;

° Working Smarter: Leverage a global IT platform to provide an
interface accessible anywhere and anytime by end users ;

¢ Run IT as a Business: Clear governance rules to run IT with
efficiency, speed and security.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 31


--- Page 22 ---

1

32

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

ORGANISATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

5.3 Worldwide redeployment of production and supply chain resources

Schneider Electric has more than 250 plants and 100 distribution
centers around the world for whom customer satisfaction is the
top priority.

While working constantly to improve occupational health and safety
and environmental protection, Schneider Electric’s manufacturing
policy aims to fulfill four key objectives, in order of priority:

1)achieve a level of quality and service that meets or exceeds
customer expectations;

2) obtain cost competitive products while continuing to deliver
strong and consistent productivity;

3) develop system speed and efficiency and limit production sites’
risk exposure (currency parity, geopolitical risks and changes
in cost factors);

4) optimize capital employed in manufacturing operations.

Anumber of the production facilities and distribution centers are
dedicated to the global market. The other units are located as
close as possible to their end markets. Although design and/or
aesthetic features may be adapted to meet local requirements,
Schneider Electric standardizes key components as much as
possible. This global/local approach helps Schneider Electric
maximize economies of scale and optimize profitability and
service quality.

Drawing on its global scope, Schneider Electric has re-balanced
and optimized its manufacturing and supply chain resources.

In Western Europe, the United States, Japan and Australia,
adaptation plans continued to be deployed with a focus on
specializing production and supply chain units and reducing the
number of sites.

Continuous improvement ona global scale

At the same time, an industrial excellence program called
Schneider Production System (SPS) has been rolled out in all
plants to substantially and continuously improve service quality
and productivity. The program also takes environmental criteria
into account. Based on a lean manufacturing approach, SPS
is supported by the extension of Six Sigma and Quality and
Value Analysis programs across the Group. By deploying these
optimization methods globally and sharing best practices, the
Group intends to lift the operational performance of all its plants to
the same high standard.

Schneider Electric’s plants and products comply with increasingly
extensive and stringent European regulations and with international
standards governing environmental protection in all host countries.
In many cases, the Group anticipates future standards. In 1992,
Schneider Electric defined a formal environmental policy, which was
revised in 2004 to take account of changes both inside and outside
the Group. This policy is designed to improve production processes,
promote eco-design, integrate customer expectations into the

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Group's environmental protection approach and raise awareness
among all employees and partners about environmental protection
and energy efficiency. In order to limit risks related to the environment
generally, the Group has implemented an ISO 14001-compliant
process to continuously improve the environmental performance of
its plants and supply chain centers.

Schneider Electric has implemented a policy to systematically
identify and reduce its industrial risk in order to secure maximum
service to its customers and to minimize any impact of disaster,
whether it is internal in nature (fire) or external (natural disasters).
This policy relies on local actions to remove the risks identified
following audits led by an external firm of recognized insurers, as
well an action plan for the continuity of production. If, after corrective
actions the risk remains too high, then the activity is repeated in
another Schneider Electric site.

The segmented response to customer needs

In 2012, Schneider Electric launched the “Tailored Supply Chain”
program as part of the Connect company program, with the aim to
better align the supply chain set-up with the needs and behaviors of
each customer segment (distributors, partners, panel builders, etc.).

Six initiatives were defined to support the transformation of the
supply chain:

© purchasing: step up purchasing to drive proactive planning of
procurement;

footprint optimization: manage critical component's footprint to
improve lead-time to customers;

supply chain flow redesign: reduce lead-time through
optimization of plant and distribution center footprint and flow
design;

transportation rationalization: increase partnerships with
selected carriers to improve customer service;

industrial planning: build best-in-class planning process by
customer segment;

IT capability: align information systems strategy with this
segmentation.

This approach required a more dynamic industrial strategy around
how we serve our clients, how to configure our products, equipment
and services for our customers and how to deliver to those
customers, while at the same time, simplifying the way we work and
therefore focus on creating value for our customers by streamlining
our decision-making processes and organizational structure.

This led to the announcement of a new Industrial Organization
for 2013, operating around eight regions (Europe, CIS, China, India,
Pacific, Asia, North America, South America) which groups all of
Schneider Electric Industrial activities together in these geographies.
In addition, this also led to the verticalisation of all Purchasing
activities to simplify and unify its contact with Suppliers.


--- Page 23 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

5.4 Purchasing: selection and internationalization

Purchasing corresponds to around 50% of consolidated revenue
and plays a crucial role in the Group's technical and business
performance. As part of its program to optimize Purchasing, the
Group has sought to source a significant portion of its purchases
from the top-performing suppliers (“recommended” suppliers) and
aims to increase local sourcing in the new economies to more
than 50%.

Schneider Electric primarily | purchases __ prefabricated
components, raw materials (silver, copper, aluminum, steel and
plastics), electronic and electrical products and services. The

> 6. Risk Factors

As described in Chapter 3.10 Corporate Governance, Schneider
Electric regularly analyses the risks and threats it faces, which has
revealed six major risk categories as follows:

risk factors related to the Group's business, which also include
the solutions business, supplier risks and competitive threats;

® industrial and environmental risks that also include risks such as
natural catastrophes and political disturbances, etc.;

supplier list includes multinationals as well as small, medium and
intermediate-sized companies.

Suppliers are selected for the quality of their products and services,
their adherence to delivery deadlines, their competitiveness, their
expertise, their innovative capacity and their commitment to
corporate social responsibility (CSR). As a signatory to the United
Nations’ Global Compact and in view of its recommendation of
ISO 26000 to its principal suppliers, Schneider Electric encourages
its suppliers to join this sustainable development process and its
continuous improvement.

information system risks and cyber threats;

market risks covering currency risks and raw material price
fluctuation risks;

© legal risks that also cover intellectual property;
© litigation and related risks.

The Group's main risks and threats are summarized in a chart
of overall risks based on their impact and probability.

Risk factors related to the Group’s business

Schneider Electric operates worldwide,
in competitive and cyclical markets

The worldwide markets for the Group’s products are competitive
in terms of pricing, quality of products, systems and services,
development and introduction time for new offers. Schneider Electric
faces strong competitors, some of whom are larger than we are
or are developing in certain lower cost countries. The Group is
exposed to fluctuations in economic growth cycles and to the
respective levels of investments within the different countries in
which we operate. The Group's widespread geographic coverage
and diversified end markets enable us to ride out downturns on
specific markets.

As 41% of the Group’s revenue is generated in emerging countries,
we are exposed to the risks associated with those markets.

The Group’s wide international presence exposes us to many
economic, legal and political risks in the countries in which we
operate. These include risks arising from social unrest (particularly

strikes and walk-outs), political instability, unforeseen regulatory
changes, restrictions on capital transfers and other obstacles to free
trade, and local tax laws. All of these risks may have an adverse
effect on the Group's operations, results or financial position.

Schneider Electric has implemented procedures designed to
protect it as far as possible from these risks, which are generally
beyond our control, and to manage them as effectively as possible.
These procedures include quarterly business reviews in which
performance and projections are monitored, in terms of activity,
action plans, results to date and forecasts, at all organizational levels
of the Group (see the section entitled “Internal Control and Risk
Management”). The Group also has the necessary competencies to
manage these risks, mainly through our central functions (finance,
legal, tax and customs).

The protection provided by these measures may nevertheless
prove to be inadequate.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 33


--- Page 24 ---

1

34

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

RISK FACTORS

The growth and success of the Group’s products
depend on our ability to develop new products
and solutions and adapt to market and
customer needs

The sectors in which Schneider Electric operates have experienced
rapid and significant changes due to the introduction of innovative
technologies. Introducing new products, systems and services,
which Schneider Electric must do on an ongoing basis to meet
customers’ needs, requires a significant commitment to research
and development, which may not always lead to successful
results. The Group's revenue and margins may suffer if we invest in
technologies that do not function as expected or are not accepted
in the marketplace or if our products, systems or service offers are
not brought to market in a timely manner, become obsolete or are
not responsive to our customers’ requirements.

To meet these challenges, the Group has an R&D budget which,
at 4 to 5% of revenue, is among the highest in the industry. R&D
and forward-looking engineering involves some 11,000 employees
around the world, a number of them in development centers
located in over 26 countries. This ongoing commitment has allowed
Schneider Electric to accelerate time to market and leverage the
technology of strategic partners with whom we have also forged
alliances to expand our line up and geographic coverage. The
Group has brought together all of its electrotechnical, electronic,
electromechanical, software and other technical competencies by
creating technology parks in China, the US, France and Japan.

Support centers have also been established in Mexico, India and
China to provide the technology parks with additional skills and
development capacity at a very competitive cost.

The Group's business growth depends on its ability to develop,
deepen and enhance customer relationships. The Group must
constantly offer customers innovative solutions built around
high-quality products and solutions incorporating leading-edge
technologies that are closely tailored to customer needs and
expectations. However, the Group does not have any exposure to a
particular customer. Our ten largest customers represent less than
25% of total revenue.

Increasing customer satisfaction rates represents an important
source of competitive advantage for Schneider Electric. We closely
track the results of the quarterly surveys conducted in more than
80 countries among all types of customers. Improvement targets
are set for each country, backed by specific action plans and
progress monitoring procedures.

Schneider Electric’s strategy involves growth
through acquisitions and mergers that
are potentially difficult to execute

The Group's strategy involves strengthening its positions through
acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and mergers.
Changes in the scope of consolidation during 2012 are described
in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements (Chapter 5).

External growth projects are examined in detail by the businesses
and corporate functions (strategy, finance, legal affairs, tax and
human resources) concerned, under a rigorous internal process

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

developed and led at Group level. A launch committee is
responsible for initiating the review process to identify the risks and
opportunities associated with each external growth project, while a
number of validation committees review the results on an ongoing
basis. Projects that successfully come through the review process
are submitted for approval to the Group Acquisitions Committee
made up of the main members of senior management. The largest
projects require the prior approval of the Management Board and,
in some cases, the Supervisory Board.

External growth transactions are inherently risky because of
the difficulties that may arise in integrating people, operations,
technologies and products, and the related acquisition,
administrative and other costs.

This is why an integration procedure for new acquisitions has been
drawn up. The integration of acquisitions is a process that extends
over a period of six to 24 months depending on the type and size
of the newly acquired company. The integration scenario for each
acquisition varies depending on whether the business was acquired
to strengthen or extend the Group's existing line-up or enter a new
segment. There are a number of different integration scenarios,
ranging from total integration to separate organization. An
integration plan is drawn up for each acquisition and submitted to
the Acquisitions Committee for approval. The plan is implemented
by an integration manager who reports to a Steering Committee
that initially meets at monthly intervals and then on a quarterly basis.

The unit that presents the acquisition project is accountable to the
Group's senior management for meeting clearly defined business
plan targets covering future performance and expected synergies.
Actual performance is measured against business plan targets
during quarterly business reviews and, for the largest acquisitions,
by the Management Board and Supervisory Board.

Value in use is determined by discounting estimated future cash
flows that will be generated by the tested assets, generally over a
period of not more than five years. These future cash flows are based
on Group management's economic assumptions and operating
forecasts. The discount rate corresponds to Schneider Electric’s
weighted average cost of capital (WACC) at the valuation date plus
a risk premium depending on the region in question (local risk-free
rate), the nature of the target's business (appropriate beta), and the
structure of the financing (taking into account the debt to equity
ratio and risk premium on the debt). The Group’s WACC stood at
7.7% at December 31, 2012, slightly down compared to the 2011
financial year. The perpetuity growth rate was 2%, unchanged on
the previous financial year.

Goodwill is allocated to a Cash Generating Unit (CGU) when initially
recognized. The CGU allocation is done on the same basis as used
by Group management to monitor operations and assess synergies
deriving from acquisitions. Impairment tests are performed at the
level of the cash generating unit in 2012 (CGU), ie. the Power,
Infrastructure, Industry, IT, Buildings and CST businesses. Details
on asset impairment are provided in note 1.11 to the consolidated
financial statements (Chapter 5).

Where the recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is lower than
its book value, an impairment loss is recognized. Where the
tested CGU comprises goodwill, any impairment losses are firstly
deducted therefrom.


--- Page 25 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

The Group is dependent upon hiring
and retaining highly qualified management
and technical personnel

Competition for highly qualified management and_ technical
personnel is intense in the Group's industry. Future success
depends in part on the Group's ability to hire, assimilate and retain
engineers, sales people and other qualified personnel, especially in
the area of energy efficiency solutions.

In line with employee engagement and retention strategies, the
Group put in place a structured onboarding program referred to
as “Plug-In” which standardises best practice for orientating new
employees as well as employees changing job roles. AHR digitization
program encompassing unified e-learning management systems,
global mobility through a liberated job market and performance
management help keep employees engaged. A structured global
mentoring program was launched to support current processes
already in place to mentor employees.

New enhanced job roles and critical competencies definition
for every employee were launched in alignment with the Group
strategy to keep employees on the same page as the business.
It allows managers to anticipate their needs for certain key

Industrial and environmental risks

RISK FACTORS

competences and to implement HR solutions to recruit or
improve these competences. Group employees will also be able
to benefit from this process by acquiring new knowledge, vital for
the Company's success.

The Group's success also rests on a policy of actively promoting
diversity, in terms of both gender and nationality with hiring practices
and setting up of online communities for employee engagement,
retention and collaboration.

The Group's human resources strategy is designed to create
a motivating working environment. A “Cool Site” program was
launched globally to promote engaging workplaces which support
the work environment at the Group. Specific policies have also been
developed covering international mobility, career development,
training, compensation and managing talent.

The Group's expatriates help prepare the future of its business,
build local teams and assemble the necessary skill sets in targeted
regions. They are tasked with identifying and preparing local
successors. The Group places considerable emphasis on training
to expanding its skills base and retaining employees, thanks to
the Schneider Electric University, its business academies and its
leadership programs.

Defective products or design flaws may cause
harm to persons and property and subject us
to product liability claims and other adverse
effects

Despite its testing and quality procedures, the Group’s products
might not operate properly or might contain design faults or defects,
which could give rise to disputes in respect of our liability as seller or
manufacturer, notably in Europe, where liability related to defective
products could lead to a loss of revenue, claims under warranty
and legal proceedings. Such disputes could reduce demand
for our products or harm our reputation for safety and quality. To
prevent or limit these risks, Schneider Electric immediately recalls
products if there are any doubts whatsoever that a product or one
of its components is not 100% safe for people and/or equipment.
At the end of 2009, the Group launched a broad recall campaign
concerning a range of low voltage capacitors produced between
2004 and 2008. This campaign continued throughout 2010 and
2011 and was concluded in this first half of 2012 in accordance
with schedule announced in the 2011 report. Another broad
recall campaign that is still ongoing involves our global recall of
Vigi Compact NS/NSX circuit breakers produced between 2009
and 2011, which began in 2011 and was continued in 2012. It is
expected to be concluded in 2013. No broad product recall was
begun in 2012.

Some of the expenses incurred by Schneider Electric in the context
of product recalls are covered by the liability insurance program
described in the “Insurance” section below.

Provisions for product risk totaled EUR410 million as of
December 31, 2012 (see note 23 to the consolidated financial
statements).

The Group’s plants and products are subject to
environmental laws and regulations

Our plants and products are subject to extensive and increasingly
stringent environmental laws and regulations in the countries in
which we operate.

To limit risks related to the environment in general, the Group is
involved in a process to continuously improve the environmental
performance of its plants and products. In 1992, Schneider Electric
drafted a formal environmental policy. This policy is designed
to improve production processes, promote eco-design, and
integrate customer expectations into our environmental protection
approach. This policy also aims to identify, assess and prevent
environmental risks, in order to guarantee full compliance with
all environmental laws and regulations applicable to the Group's
businesses, particularly those in force in the European Union and
considered more rigorous (notably the WEEE, RoHS directives and
REACH Regulation). We record environmental provisions when
the risks can be reliably measured or it is probable that clean-up
work will be performed and the related costs can be reasonably
estimated. Provisions for environmental risks totaled EUR70 million
as of December 31, 2012. If no risk has been identified, Schneider
Electric will not estimate the financial cost of environmental risks.
We expect our spending on environmental compliance programs to
increase as a result of changes to existing environmental regulations
and the introduction of new regulations.

Itis possible that Schneider Electric may be required to pay significant
fines or compensation as a result of past, current or future breaches
of environmental laws and regulations by companies that are
currently or were previously members of the Group. This exposure
exists even if we are not responsible for the breaches, such as in

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 35


--- Page 26 ---

1

36

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

RISK FACTORS

cases where they were committed in the past by companies or
businesses that were not part of the Group at the time.

Schneider Electric may also be exposed to the risk of claims for
breaches of environmental laws and regulations. Such claims
could adversely affect Schneider Electric's financial position and
reputation, despite the efforts and investments made to comply at
all times with all applicable environmental laws and regulations as
they change.

Information systems risk

If Schneider Electric fails to conduct its operations in compliance
with the applicable environmental laws and regulations, the judicial
or regulatory authorities could require us to conduct investigations
and/or implement costly clean-up measures to deal with the current
or past contamination of current or former production facilities or
off-site waste disposal facilities, and to scale back or temporarily
or permanently close facilities in accordance with the applicable
environmental laws and regulations.

The Group operates, either directly or through service providers,
a wide range of highly complex information systems, including
servers, networks, applications and databases, that are essential to
the efficiency of our sales and manufacturing processes. Failure of
any of these hardware or software systems, a fulfillment failure by a
service provider, human error or computer viruses could adversely
affect the quality of service offered by the Group.

The Group regularly examines alternative solutions to protect
against this type of risk and has developed contingency plans to
mitigate the effects of any information system failure. Dedicated
governance structures have been set up to manage relations with
service providers responsible for outsourced IT systems operations.

Problems may also be encountered during the deployment of new
applications or software. In particular, in the last few years, the
Group has developed an information system under SAP (bridge),
which it started to roll out in 2008. This roll-out process was carried

Market risks

Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to risks associated with the effect of changing
interest rates. Interest rate risk on borrowingsis managedatthe Group
level, based on consolidated debt and taking into consideration
market conditions in order to optimize overall borrowing costs.
Most bond debt is fixed rate. At December 31, 2012, 86% of the
Group's gross debt was fixed rate.

Maturities of financial assets and liabilities are presented in note 26.4
to the consolidated financial statements.

A 1% increase in interest rates would have a positive impact of
around EUR26 million on the Group's net financial expense.

The financial instruments used to hedge the exposure of the
Group to fluctuations in interest rates are described in note 26

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

out fully or partially in 17 countries in 2009 and 2010, and has
continued in France and the United States since 2011, depending
on the strategic, technical and economic priorities in those two
countries. Brazil will be added to this list of countries in 2013.

In view of the project's complexity, extensive functionalities and
its worldwide deployment, the Group has set up a dedicated
governance and cost control structure to manage these issues and
limit the related risks.

However, despite the Group's policy of establishing governance
structures and contingency plans, there can be no assurance
that information systems projects will not be subject to technical
problems and/or execution delays. While it is difficult to accurately
quantify the impact of any such problems or delays, they could
have an adverse effect on inventory levels, service quality and,
consequently, on our financial results.

to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2012.

The Group’s international operations expose it
to currency exchange risk

Due to the fact that a significant proportion of transactions of
Schneider Electric are denominated in currencies other than the
euro, the Group is exposed to currency risk. If the Group is not
able to hedge these risks, fluctuations in exchange rates between
the euro and these currencies can have a significant impact on our
results and distort year-on-year performance comparisons.


--- Page 27 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

We manage our exposure to currency risk to reduce the sensitivity of
earnings to changes in exchange rates through hedging programs
relating to receivables, payables and cash flows, which are primarily
hedged by means of forward purchases and sales.

Depending on market conditions, risks in the main currencies may
be hedged based on cash flow forecasting using contracts that
expire in 12 months or less.

Schneider Electric's currency hedging policy is to protect our
subsidiaries against risks on all transactions denominated in a
currency other than their functional currency. More than twenty
currencies are involved, with the US dollar, Hong Kong dollar,
British pound and Russian Rubles representing the most significant
sources of risk. The financial instruments used to hedge our
exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates are described in
note 26 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2012 (Chapter 5).

In 2012, revenue in foreign currencies amounted to EUR18.1 billion,
including around USD6.1 billion and 2.9 billion in Chinese yuan.

The main exposure of the Group in terms of currency exchange risk
is related to the US dollar, the Chinese yuan and to currencies linked
to the US dollar. The Group estimates that in the current structure
of its operations, a 5% increase of the euro compared to the US
dollar would have a negligible impact on operating margin and a
translation effect of EUR40 million on EBITA.

Equity risk

Exposure to equity risk primarily relates to treasury shares. The Group
does not use any financial instruments to hedge these positions.

An increase in raw material prices could have
negative consequences

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in energy and raw material
prices, in particular steel, copper, aluminum, silver, lead, nickel, zinc
and plastics. If we are not able to hedge, compensate for or pass on
to customers any such increased costs, this could have an adverse
impact on our financial results.

The Group has, however, implemented certain procedures to limit
exposure to rising non-ferrous and precious raw material prices.
The purchasing departments of the operating units report their
purchasing forecasts to the Corporate Finance and Treasury
Department. Purchase commitments are hedged using forward
contracts, swaps and, to a lesser extent, options.

The financial instruments used to hedge our exposure to fluctuations
in raw material prices are described in note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2012.

In 2012, purchases of raw materials totaled around EUR1 ,900 million,
including around EUR1,100 million for non-ferrous and precious
metals, of which roughly 56% was for copper. The Group enters
into swap and options agreements intended to hedge all or part
of its non-ferrous and precious metals purchases in order to limit

RISK FACTORS

the impact of price volatility of these raw materials on our results.
At December 31, 2012, the Group had hedged positions with a
nominal value of EUR236 million on these transactions.

Counterparty risk

Financial transactions are entered into with carefully selected
counterparties. Banking counterparties are chosen according
to the customary criteria, including the credit rating issued by an
independent rating agency.

Group policy consists of diversifying counterparty risks and periodic
controls are performed to check compliance with the related rules.

In addition, the Group takes out substantial credit insurance and
uses other types of guarantees to limit the risk of losses on trade
accounts receivable.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity is provided by the Group’s cash and cash equivalents
and undrawn confirmed lines of credit. As of December 31, 2012,
the Group had access to cash and cash equivalents totaling
EURS.7 billion. As of December 31, 2012, the Group had
EUR2.4 billion in undrawn confirmed lines of credit, of which
EUR2.3 billion matures after December 2013.

The Group's credit rating enables it to raise significant long-term
financing and attract a diverse investor base. The Group currently
has an A- credit rating from Standard & Poor’s and an AS credit
rating from Moody's. The Group's liabilities and their terms and
conditions are described in note 24 of Chapter 5.

In line with the Group's overall policy of conservatively managing
liquidity risk and protecting our financial position, when
negotiating new liquidity facilities the Group avoids the inclusion
of clauses that would have the effect of restricting the availability
of credit lines, such as covenants requiring compliance with
certain financial ratios and material adverse change clauses. As
of December 31, 2012, Schneider Electric SA had no financing
or confirmed lines of credit that were subject to covenants
requiring compliance with financial ratios.

The loan agreements or lines of credit for some of our liquidity
facilities include cross-default clauses. If we were to default on any
of our liquidity facilities, we could be required to repay the sums due
on some of these facilities.

Moreover, anticipated reimbursement provisions exist for certain
financing and lines of credit in case of change of control. Under
these provisions, the debt holders may demand repayment if
a shareholder or shareholders acting together hold more than
50% of the Company's shares, for the majority of contracts, and
this event triggers a downgrading of the Company's rating. As of
December 31, 2012, EURS.7 billion of the Group's financing and
lines of credit had these types of provisions.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC O/


--- Page 28 ---

1

38

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

RISK FACTORS

Legal risks

Our products are subject to varying national
and international standards and regulations

Our products, which are sold in national markets worldwide,
are subject to regulations in each of those markets, as well
as to various supranational regulations. Those regulations
include trade restrictions, tariffs, tax regimes and product safety
standards. Changes to any of these regulations or standards or
their applicability to the Group’s business could lead to lower
sales or increased operating costs, which would result in lower
earnings and profitability.

Our products are also subject to multiple quality and safety
controls and regulations, and are governed by both national and
supranational standards. The majority of our products comply with
world-recognized International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC)
standards. Any necessary capital investments or costs of specific
measures for compliance with new or more stringent standards and
regulations could have a negative impact on Group operations.

Litigation

Following public offers launched in 1993 by SPEP (the holding
company of the Group at the time) for its Belgian subsidiaries Cofibel
and Cofimines, proceedings were initiated against former Schneider
Electric executives in connection with the former Empain-Schneider
Group's management of its Belgian subsidiaries, notably the Tramico
sub-group. At the end of March 2006, a criminal court in Brussels,
Belgium, ruled that some of the defendants were responsible for
certain of the alleged offenses and that certain of the plaintiffs’ claims
were admissible The plaintiffs claimed damages representing losses
of EURS5.3 million stemming from alleged management decisions
that reduced the value of or undervalued assets presented in the
prospectus used in conjunction with the offering, as well as losses of
EUR4.9 million in relation to transactions carried out by PB Finance,
a company in which Cofibel and Cofimines held minority interests.

In its ruling, the court also appointed an expert to assess the loss
suffered by those plaintiffs whose claims were ruled admissible. The
expert's report was submitted in 2008. The defendants and the
companies held civilly liable contest the amounts provided by the
legal expert in their entirety on the basis of such reports drawn up
by Deloitte. Schneider Electric and its Belgian subsidiaries Cofibel
and Cofimines were in turn held civilly liable for the actions of their
senior executives who were found liable in these proceedings,
with Schneider Electric paying the legal expenses of the former
executives involved to the extent not covered by insurance. After a
settlement agreement was signed with a group of plaintiffs, the case
remains pending before the Brussels Appeals Court, due to appeals
against parts of the March 2006 ruling as well as a ruling made
in 2011 by the Court of First Instance regarding the admissibility of
the plaintiffs’ claims.

In connection with the divestment of Spie Batignolles, Schneider
Electric booked provisions to cover the risks associated with certain
major contracts and projects. Most of these provisions were made
in 1997. Provisions were also booked for the remaining risks, based
on management's best estimate of their expected financial impact.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

The development and success of the
Group’s products depends on our ability
to protect our intellectual property rights

Our future success depends to a_ significant extent on the
development, protection and maintenance of our intellectual property
rights. Third parties may also infringe our intellectual property rights,
and we may have to expend significant resources monitoring,
protecting and enforcing our rights. If we fail to protect or enforce
our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could suffer,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

To mitigate this risk, the patents developed or purchased by the
Group are tracked by the Industrial Property team within the
Finance & Control - Legal Affairs Department. All intellectual property
queries are centralized and managed by this team for the whole
Group and in coordination with the other Finance & Control - Legal
Affairs Departments it ensures the Group's interests are defended
throughout the world. The same approach and organization applies
for the Group's brand portfolio.

Nevertheless, certain new files implicating the Group for Spie
Batignolles’ past activities could still arise and result in costs.

Schneider Electric, in addition to other companies operating in
the same industry, has also been involved in legal proceedings
initiated by the European Commission with regard to an alleged
agreement concerning gas insulated switchgears (“GIS”) resulting
from the activities of two former subsidiaries operating in the high
voltage segment which were sold in 2001. Schneider Electric did
not appeal the decision made by the Commission with regard to
this matter on January 24, 2007, and was fined EUR8.1 million for
which two-thirds reimbursement from its two former subsidiaries
was recovered in 2012 after multiple legal actions. However, this
decision, although provisionally executed is subject to appeal.

Also, in relation to the GIS disputes, on May 21, 2010, British
company Power networks (formerly EDF Energy UK) launched a
claim against the same companies, including Schneider Electric, for
damages of GBP15 million in the High Court in London, England.
This claim is currently being investigated and there were no
significant developments in 2012.

Schneider Electric was also among 2,000 companies worldwide
that were mentioned in the Volcker report on the Oil for Food
program published by the UN in October 2005. Schneider Electric
was investigated by the French judiciary in 2010 in relation to this
report, which stated that the Group had entered into agreements
with the Iraqi government between 2000 and 2004 under which
surcharge payments totaling approximately USD450,000 are
alleged to have been made to the Iraqi government, thus violating
the provisions of the embargo in force at that time. After several
priority preliminary rulings on the question of constitutionality, to date
all rejected, and other procedural remedies, the public prosecutor's
department submitted its indictment to the examining magistrate
on December 18, 2012. In this indictment, 14 French companies,
including Schneider Electric Industries, were referred to the court.
The examining magistrate’s ruling is expected in 2013.


--- Page 29 ---

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

However, it should be noted that following a request for judicial
review issued by the company ErDF against Schneider Electric
in July 2012 regarding a potential defect designated soft button
(non-reset) affecting connection breakers (DB90) produced
between 1990 and 2010, reliability testing is underway in the
framework of conventional mediation between Schneider Electric
and ErDF. The purpose of this testing is the statistical determination
of the number of DB90s affected by this potential defect, as well as
the product failure rate. The results of the testing, expected at the
start of 2013, will orient the decisions concerning the product recall
and how the resulting costs will be assumed. These costs may have
a significant impact on the Group.

Insurance

Schneider Electric's strategy for managing insurable risks is
designed to defend the interests of employees and customers and
to protect the Company's assets, the environment, employees,
customers and its shareholders’ investment.

This strategy entails:

© identifying and analyzing the impact of the main risks;

© preventing risks and protecting industrial equipment; definition
and dissemination of protection standards for sites against the
risk of fire and malicious intent, audits of the main sites by an
independent prevention company, roll-out of a self-assessment
questionnaire for the other Group sites;

drawing up business continuity, in particular for critical sites;
roll-out of crisis management tools by the Group's Security
Department;

carrying out hazard and vulnerability studies and safety
management for people and equipment;

maintaining the necessary insurance cover for the main risks
facing Group companies under global programs. The Group
carefully screens insurance and reinsurance companies and
evaluates their solvency;

optimization of financing for high frequency, low amplitude risks
through retentions managed either directly (deductibles) or
through captive insurance companies.

Liability insurance

Anew insurance program offering coverage and limits in line with the
current size of the Group and its evolving risks and commitments
was established on January 1, 2012, for a period of three years.

Certain specific risks, such as aeronautic and environmental risk,
are covered by specific insurance programs.

RISK FACTORS

Various other claims, administrative notices and legal proceedings
have been filed against the Group concerning such issues as
contractual demands, counterfeiting, risk of bodily harm linked to
asbestos in certain products and work contracts.

Although it is impossible to forecast the results and/or costs of
these proceedings with certainty, Schneider Electric considers that
they will not, by their nature, have significant effects on the Group's
business, assets, financial position or profitability. The Company
is not aware of any other governmental, court or arbitration
proceedings, which are pending or which threaten the Company,
that are liable to have or, during the last 12 months have had, a
material effect on the financial position or earnings of the Company
and/or the Group.

Property damage and business interruption
insurance

The global insurance program put in place on July 1, 2010 for an
initial duration of two years was renegotiated as of July 1, 2012.
This is an “all risks except” contract which covers events that could
affect Schneider Electric's property (including fire, explosion, natural
disaster, machinery breakdown) as well as business interruption
resulting from those risks. The limit of indemnity under the global
program is capped at EUR350 million per claim and specific limits
apply to certain risks, such as natural disasters and machinery
breakdown. These limits were determined on the basis of loss
scenarios established by specialists and available capacity in the
insurance sector.

Assets are insured at replacement value.

Shipping and transport insurance

The insurance program that has covered all goods shipments,
including between Group facilities, since 2009 continued in 2012.
Following a Request for Proposal made in late 2012, this program
will continue in 2013 with the same insurer.

Erection all risk insurance

An erection all risk insurance program was set up on April 1, 2011 in
order to cover the development of our services and solutions. This
program, which aims to provide cover for damages to work and
equipment for projects taking place at our clients’ premises, was
renewed for one year on April 1, 2012.

Other risks

In addition, Schneider Electric has taken out specific cover in
response to certain local conditions, regulations or the requirements
of certain risks, projects and businesses. To extend guarantees and
reduce budgets, the Group coordinates purchasing of local cover.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 39


--- Page 30 ---

1 OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES.

RISK FACTORS

Self insurance

To optimize costs, Schneider Electric self-insures certain frequent,
low-amplitude risks through two insurance captive companies:

© outside North America, a reinsurance captive company based in
Luxembourg offers damage and civil liability coverage capped at
EUR19 million per year;

ein North America, a insurance captive company based in
the US (Vermont) is used to standardize deductibles for civil
liability, workers compensation and automobile liability policies.
These retentions range from USD1 million to USD5 million per

40 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

claim, depending on the risk. The maximum annual retention
is USD15 million for civil liability risk. An actuary validates the
provisions recorded by the captive company each year.

The cost of self-insured claims is not material at the Group level.

Cost of insurance programs

The cost (including tax) of the Group's main insurance plans,
excluding premium paid to captives, totaled around EUR22 million
in 2012.


--- Page 31 ---

Sustainable
development

1. Sustainable development
at the heart of our strategy 42

2. Green and responsible growth
driving economic performance 52

3. Schneider Electric’s Commitment
to Environmental Performance 60

4. Committed to and on behalf of employees 70

5. Schneider Electric,

aresponsible corporate citizen 83
6. Methodology and audit of indicators 92
7. Indicators 99

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 41


--- Page 32 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

1. Sustainable development
at the heart of our strategy

Social and environmental commitments, governance, reducing
CO, emissions, launching solutions that respect the planet, social
changes, local and regional positioning, corporate citizenship,
ethics, business and poverty — the challenges of sustainable
development have never been as significant to Schneider Electric’s
customers and stakeholders as they are today.

The Group is committed to meeting energy challenges while
practicing responsible corporate citizenship at all its locations, with
measured improvement plans based on international standards of
corporate social responsibility, with audited results that are shared
transparently both internally and externally.

1:1 Schneider Electric’s approach to sustainable development

Concrete, innovative, human commitment

Responsibility has always been a part of Schneider Electric's culture.
Since the Sustainable Development Department was founded
10 years ago, this commitment has evolved in line with the Group’s
continuing innovation. The Group's sustainable development policy
initially focused on internal issues, plus initiatives for the professional
integration of French youth; now it also includes solutions that help
meet today’s energy challenges (energy efficiency and access to
energy) as well as global environmental and societal responsibility.

Schneider Electric's commitment to offering sustainable and
responsible solutions for its customers aims to

© bring products and solutions to the market that waste less
energy and promote environmentally sound production and
consumption;

© bring energy to the 1.3 billions “) people who have no access to
electricity and provide sustainable economic development.

Schneider Electric's corporate commitment means dynamic societal
and environmental responsibility, based on the Group’s employees:

© responsible, ethical governance;
© sites and products that respect the environment;
© employee development;

© policies that support and develop the communities in which
Schneider Electric operates.

(1) Source: International Energy Agency - World Energy Outlook 2012.

42 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

From commitment to action
Schneider Electric has set out four principles to put its commitment
into action (details on following pages):

© a continuous improvement process driven by the dynamic
Planet & Society Barometer;

° regular = and transparent communication
Planet & Society Barometer newsletter);

(quarterly

open dialogue with stakeholders;

an approach based on international standards, codes and global
policies.

Schneider Electric uses its global human resources policies (see
pages 70-82), external commitments (see pages 47-48), ethical
code of conduct and the associated professional alert program (see
pages 57-59) to strive for respect of human rights in every aspect:
non-discrimination, abolition of forced labor, prohibition of child
labor, freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining,
health and safety, training, remuneration, social coverage, etc.

Schneider Electric extends this commitment to civil society
through its community support and development program (see
pages 83-91): the right to decent living standards (access to
energy program and Foundation emergency relief programs),
the right to education and training (training program for the
populations at the base of the pyramid and integration program
in France), local economic development (social investment funds
and entrepreneurship support).

Schneider Electric works to share this vision with its partners (see
pages 56-57), starting with its suppliers by encouraging as many of
them as possible to sign the United Nations Global Compact and
adopt the guidelines of ISO 26000.


--- Page 33 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

Open dialogue with stakeholders

The diagram below is an overview of sector stakeholders proposed by Gimélec “, the French industry association for electrical equipment,

automation and related services.

Customers

Buildings, Industry,

Infrastructure and Non-Governmental
Energy Organizations,
Media, etc.
Contractors,
aS Local Residents
| Systems and Territorial
Groups Manufacturers, Gamers
&Professional Distributors
Unions,
Consortiums,
JV, etc. ; ,
Suppliers and Social ,
Partners Subcontractors Gimélec Employees Partners&Bodies, Social
companies UIMM, etc.
Shareholders,
Investors, Banks
Bndinsurers| Authorities and
Global Compact
SRI, Financial & Standardization
Extra-Financial pores ee
Analysts, etc. CIB .
inanci ¥ Certification Legislators a
Financial European Commission
ILO, OECD, etc.
Other Standardization Institutional

Bodies, Teaching and
Research, Independent
Experts, etc.

Technical

Schneider Electric engages in an open and continuous dialogue
with each of its stakeholders. In particular, the Sustainable
Development Department takes into account the comments, ratings
and evaluations from stakeholders on the Group’s sustainable
development policies and programs. This feedback is integrated

(1) Source: CSR Sector Reporting Guide, 2013.

into new progress plans throughout the company program and
during the establishment of the Planet & Society Barometer every
three years.

Please see also the list of the Group's primary external sustainable
development commitments on page 50.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

43

2


--- Page 34 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

Stakeholder
Customers

Dialogue

* Quarterly customer satisfaction surveys
Online publication of environmental information on products

Department

Quality, Customer Satisfaction
and Eco-design

Financial

Quarterly telephone conferences to present financial results,
meetings and plenary meetings

Regular meetings with individual shareholders.

Quarterly newsletters to shareholders

Quarterly telephone conferences to present extra-financial results
Response to extra-financial ratings questionnaires

Individual meetings with SRI analysts

Response to SRI analysts’ questions

Investor Relations and sustainable
development

Partners

Purchaser/supplier meetings

Supplier's day

Supplier qualification process

Raising awareness about the challenges of the Global Compact and
ISO 26000

e EcoXperts Program

Participation in the Working Commissions and Groups on sustainable
development of professional groups

Purchasing, Energy
Efficiency & Solutions and sustainable
development

Social

Quarterly employee satisfaction surveys
Social dialogue with employee representation bodies

Human resources

Technical

Collaborative approach, creation and participation in competitiveness
cluster initiatives, R&D programs, university chairs and professional
associations

Active participation in international standardization bodies

e PEP ecopassport program

R&D and Activities and Environment

Institutional

Adhesion to and promotion of the Global Compact
Relationships with authorities, legislators and the European
Commission, especially in the field of energy efficiency

Sustainable development, Purchasing
and Influence

Civil society

Participation in working groups and local and international
organizations on challenges within our industry
Community programs

Partnerships with local NGOs.

According to subject and audience,
Foundation and BipBop program

All

© Quarterly Planet & Society Barometer newsletter

Sustainable development

44 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 35 ---

1.2

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

of the Group’s actions

Planet & Society Barometer, a regular and objective measure

Planet & Society Barometer

Stakes

Carbon
Products & Solutions
Energy

Green Growth
Access to Energy
Suppliers

Progress plans and targets at year-end 2014
Overall performance of the Barometer (score out of 10)

Planet

1.
2.
3.

10% CO; savings on transportation
75% of our product revenue achieved with Green Premium
10% energy consumption savings

Profit

4.

7 points growth revenue with EcoXperts above total growth revenue
1 million households at the Base of the Pyramid have access to energy
90% of our recommended suppliers embrace ISO 26000 guidelines

2012
6.42

14.8% &
65.5% A
6.1% &

J 76ptsA
SF 34444 A
s 7.8% &

2011
3.00

5.
6.
Rating 7.
Best practices 8.

People
Safety P

Engagement 10
Diversity
Training
Access to Energy

3 major ethical stock market indices choose Schneider Electric >
300 sites recognized “Great place to work - Cool sites” * -

9. 30% reduction in the Medical Incident Rate (MIR)

. 70% result in our Employee Engagement Index

. 30% women in our talent pool (~ 2,500 people)

. 1day of training for each employee every year

_ ;. 30,000 people at the BoP trained in energy management
Communities 14. 300 missions with the “Schneider Electric Teachers” NGO

3A

-23% &
55% &
27% &

10,517 A
66 A

The 201 performance serves as a starting value for the Planet & Society Barometer of the Connect company program between 2012 and 2014

‘4.2012 audited indicators
* This indicators will be followed from 2013

3 The arrow shows if the indicator has risen, stayed the same or fallen compared to the previous year. The color shows if the indicator is above or below the objective of 8/10.

Priority objectives in response to sustainable
development stakes

Schneider Electric has used the Planet & Society Barometer as its
sustainable development dashboard since 2005. The Barometer
outlines the Group's sustainable development objectives for a three-
year period and quarterly results for our key performance indicators.

There are no recognized standards that define an organization's
sustainable development performance. The Planet & Society
Barometer is Schneider Electric's response to this matter. It allows
us to meet our sustainability challenges and advance the Group
on the three pillars (Planet, Profit and People). The Barometer uses
a scoring scale of 10 and provides an overall measure of Group
improvement in sustainable development.

The aim of the Planet & Society Barometer is to:

© mobilize the corporate community around — sustainable

development objectives;
¢ share the Group’s improvement plans with stakeholders.

Schneider Electric has permanently integrated objectives into
its strategy to improve its economic, social and environmental
performance and set up indicators to objectively measure progress
made and what is still to be done. On a daily basis, the Group seeks
to prove that economic, environmental, societal and social interests
are convergent.

To have a significant impact and initiate lasting change, a
performance measure is required. That is why Schneider Electric has
defined specific objectives and measures its results each quarter
using the Planet & Society Barometer. The Group undertakes
corrective actions if necessary. These actions are carried out on an
international scale.

For example, the action plans target the lower, optimized energy
consumption, committing Schneider Electric for itself and its
customers to significantly improve the energy efficiency of
production processes, infrastructure and generally to reduce the
environmental footprint, particularly CO, equivalent emissions
caused by the Group's industrial and human activity.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

45

2


--- Page 36 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

Planet & Society Barometer 2012-2014

The Planet & Society Barometer 2012-2014 is part of the Connect
company program. It comprises 14 key performance indicators
scored out of 10. These 14 indicators replace the 13 objectives
for the 2009-2011 period. The average of the scores, with each
indicator weighted equally, provides the global performance of the
Barometer. Departments directly affected by the improvement plans
(Human Resources, Environment, Access to Energy, etc.), each
represented by a project leader, implement measures to achieve
the objectives of the plans. This project leader works directly with
local managers in their respective areas.

The table above shows Schneider Electric's sustainable
development performance in 2012. When the barometer was
launched on January 1, 2012 the global score was 3.00/10. At the
end of 2012, the Company had exceeded its target of 3.85/10 and
had attained 6.42.

For the 2009-2011 period, all the indicators achieved their target
of 8/10. Seven indicators even achieved 10/10 (CO, emissions,
ISO 14001 certification, energy efficiency, access to energy,
accident rate, Company's employee recommendation score and
energy management training).

For each company program, the Group defines a new
Planet & Society Barometer. The improvement plans are elaborated
following an internal exercise to identify sustainability issues based
on external inputs, primarily the assessments and ratings received,
and a consultation with the departments directly concerned by the
improvement plans. The Sustainable Development Department
presents the draft version of the Planet & Society Barometer to the
Executive Sustainability Committee for approval before the launch
of the company program.

Four cases may be included from one Barometer to the next:

the improvement plans are maintained in the Barometer and their
targets are renewed or increased. This is the case in 2012-2014
with Green Premium, with the number of households connected
at the Base of the Pyramid (BoP) and with the number of people
at the BoP trained in energy management;

the improvement plans change. This is the case with indicators
that have reached a threshold. They are replaced by more
ambitious indicators and continue to be monitored internally:
reductions in CO, emissions, for 2012-2014, are divided into two
separate indicators (CO, in transport and energy consumption ");
purchasing, with a change of benchmark (from the Global
Compact to ISO 26000 *)); the security indicator with a passage
from frequency of accidents to the Medical Incident Rate “!; the
Company's employee recommendation score, which is replaced
by the employee engagement index, an international index “;

© the improvement plans are removed from the Barometer. This
is also the case with indicators that have reached a threshold,
they also continue to be monitored internally: the SF, leakage
rate (which was included in the CO, emissions reduction indicator
in 2009-201 1); the rate of staff working on ISO 14001 sites ®; the
number of countries that have established an SF, gas recovery
pathway ©; employees trained in energy management solutions,
and the number of entrepreneurs supported in the creation of
their activities in the field of energy management;

© improvement plans that respond to new stakes are implemented.
This is the case in 2012-2014 with the EcoXperts program, with
the 300 sites recognized as “Cool Sites”, with women making up
30% of the talent pool, with the annual training day for everyone,
and with the 300 volunteering missions via the “Schneider Electric
Teachers” NGO.

Communicating the results of
the Planet & Society Barometer

Since 2009, the Planet & Society Barometer has been published
through the following channels:

the website www.schneider-electric.com/barometer, expanded
in 2011 to include an interactive tool;

the Planet & Society Barometer newsletter, which informs the
main Schneider Electric stakeholders about the previous quarter's
performance and achievements. The newsletter is e-mailed to a
continuously updated list;

on the Group's Intranet, the performance of the Planet & Society
Barometer, which reflects value creation for the stakeholders, is
listed next to the Schneider Electric share price, which reflects
value creation for shareholders.

Since 2012, quarterly conference calls have been organized to
present the results of the Barometer to concerned investors and the
specialized press. The extra-financial annual results are presented
together with the Group's financial results in order to demonstrate
our commitment to making sustainable development part of the
Company's long-term strategy. In February 2013, Jean-Pascal
Tricoire and Emmanuel Babeau presented Schneider Electric’s
2012 financial and extra-financial results

The publication of objectives and quarterly results is a way
for Schneider Electric to engage with its internal and external
stakeholders with regard to the objectives, to publicly disclose its
sustainable development issues through the choice of indicators,
and to share progress made or difficulties encountered in a
transparent manner.

(1) In 2009-2011, the CO, emissions reduction indicator had exceeded its target. It included emissions reductions from transport, energy
consumption and leakage of SF,, The SF, leakage rate, which had far exceeded its goal and reached a threshold, continues to be monitored

internally with a goal of maintaining that level.

(2) The Global Compact will continue to be promoted within suppliers.

(3) The accident frequency rate had exceeded its 2009-2011 target and continues to be monitored internally below a more standard international

indicator, the LTIR (Lost Time Injury Rate).

(4) The recommendation score (ENPS - Employee Net Promoter Score) continues to be monitored internally.

(6) The Group achieved its goal of gaining ISO 14001 certification for all industrial and logistics sites with more than 50 people and for the large
services sites. This program continues to be monitored internally with the same objective.

(6) This program, launched with the Planet & Society Barometer 2009-2011, continues to be monitored internally with new objectives

(10 countries in 2012 and 12 countries in 2013).

46 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 37 ---

The Planet & Society Barometer is a tool that enables the Group
to anticipate and effectively manage its sustainable development
risks by mobilizing key stakeholders around specific, measured
objectives and reliable results. Barometer indicators are audited
annually by an external auditor (limited assurance).

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

¢ For more information, please visit: www.schneider-electric.com/
barometer.

See also the Planet & Society Barometer criteria in variable
compensation pages 80-81.

1.3 External and internal bases of preparation for a solid framework

Our external bases of preparation

The United Nations Global Compact

The Global Compact was launched in 1999 by UN Secretary-
General Kofi Annan. It brings companies and non-governmental
organizations together under the aegis of the United Nations to
“unite the power of markets with the authority of universal ideals”.

Parties signing the Global Compact commit to 10 fundamental
principles in four areas: human rights, labor rights, the environment
and anti-corruption.

By signing the Global Compact in December 2002, Schneider
Electric made a public commitment to these universal values. The
Group has primarily worked to share this commitment with its
partners since 2003 (see page 56 Relations with sub-contractors
and suppliers).

In line with the requirements of the Global Compact, Schneider
Electric publishes an annual progress report. This publication
reports on the Group's action plans and monitoring indicators for
the 10 principles of the Global Compact. Schneider Electric meets
the requirements of the Advanced Level of the Global Compact with
this report for COP.

ISO 26000

In 2010, the ISO (International Organization for Standardization)
published guidelines on organizations’ social responsibility
(ISO standard 26000). ISO 26000 is a compromise that gets different
players from the public, private and non-profit sectors, from around
100 countries, involved, and a vision of how an organization should
view societal responsibility. Schneider Electric’s actions towards
sustainable development are completely in line with ISO 26000.
This standard legitimizes the sustainable development actions
undertaken by the Group since the early 2000s and provides an
educational support and framework for its actions in the field.

The Global Reporting Initiative

The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) was established in 1997 as
a mission to develop globally applicable directives to report on
economic, environmental and social performance; it was initially
intended for companies and subsequently for any governmental or
non-governmental organization.

Brought about by the Coalition for Environmentally Responsible
Economies (CERES) in association with the United Nations

Environmental Program, the GRI integrates the active participation
of companies, NGOs, accounting bodies, business associations
and other stakeholders from across the globe.

Schneider Electric aligns its extra-financial reporting with the GRI
and scores a B+ this year. A reference table with these indicators
and the indicators proposed by the GRI is available on Schneider
Electric website: www.schneider-electric.com/sri.

Our internal basis of preparation:
the Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program
(R&ED) and Our Principles of Responsibility

The challenges

As a global corporation, Schneider Electric continuously interacts
with local and international partners. The Group’s borders are
expanding, its environment is constantly changing, and its societal
responsibilities and activities are growing. In this international
context, reprehensible behavior may be seen when the ethics
inspection and prevention processes are fragile. The Group is
responsible for implementing its resources to support employees in
the event of an ethical dilemma.

The aim of the program

In 2002, Schneider Electric published a set of guidelines entitled Our
Principles of Responsibility to give all team members a common
reference point. This document outlines the Group’s commitments
to all of its stakeholders: the Company's employees, its economic
partners (mainly clients and suppliers), shareholders, the community
and the planet.

In 2009, the Group updated Our Principles of Responsibility to
set out standards on ethics. This document incorporates updated
Group and employee commitments on the following:

© the respect of law, the limits established by each employee to
ensure he or she entirely respects the laws of all the countries in
which Schneider Electric is present;

the code of ethics that all employees must follow in line with the
professional regulations of the Group;

Group social responsibility - what all employees must do to act
responsibly towards society and the planet.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 4/7

2


--- Page 38 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

In 2010, the Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program put these
ambitions into practice by setting up an organization, procedures
and tools for the Group, so that its employees could:

© provide team members with effective support in their daily actions
and decision-making, primarily through access to the necessary
resources (policies, procedures, tools & best practices);

14 Global policies

© help team members identify the appropriate individuals to guide
them in their eco-citizen approach and in each of the areas
covered by the principles;

© know how to notify the authorities of breaches of ethics, with
respect for current laws and regulations.

For more information: see Our Principles of Responsibility pages 57-59.

Reference documents are distributed throughout the Group so that
all team members can embrace Schneider Electric’s eco-citizen
approach and apply it in line with local culture and legislation.

Ethics

The Our Principles of Responsibility document is not only Schneider
Electric's ethics charter; it also constitutes a code of conduct. All of
the Group's policies stem from it (environment, quality, purchases
and the different social policies). The document is available in
30 languages and is distributed to all employees.

Environment

The first version of Schneider Electric's environmental policy
was published in 1992, changed in 2004 and confirmed in
October 2007. It aims to improve industrial processes, reinforce
product eco-design and incorporate Group customers’ concerns
for environmental protection, while providing product and service
solutions. It applies to the Group and is accompanied by global
action plans.

Social

The Group’s Human Resources policies cover the following:
diversity, hiring, recruiting, international mobility, training, human
capital development, talent identification, total remuneration, social
benefits and health and safety. These apply to the Group and are
accompanied by global processes.

1.5 An organization structured through networks

Overall operation

The Sustainable Development Department

The Sustainable Development Department, created in 2002, has
been part of the Strategy & Innovation Department since 2008. It
has the following responsibilities:

© defining Schneider Electric’s sustainable development strategy
and rolling out action plans at Group level with the concerned
entities;

© developing and managing Schneider Electric's innovative
community projects to ensure continuing improvements in the
Group's performance in this area.

In 2010, the Sustainable Development Department was adapted to
better meet the Company's present and future challenges as well as
the requirements of stakeholders. It is organized around four areas:

© ethics, steering the Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program
(see pages 57-60);

* social responsibility, with the Schneider Electric Foundation as
well as employment opportunity and expansion programs (see
pages 87-91);

* access to energy, responsibility for the BipBop program (see
pages 83-87);

48 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

© supporting and developing the Group's performance, in particular
by steering the Planet & Society Barometer and the strategy and
sustainable development report (see pages 45-47).

Supervisory Board

Following James Ross, Cathy Kopp has been responsible for
Officially presenting the sustainable development issues to the
Supervisory Board since 2010. She also acts as internal advisor
for sustainable development: Cathy Kopp analyzed the Group's
sustainable development policies and programs in 2011,
interviewing various managers. The results were presented to the
Supervisory Board in 2012.

In the new governance proposed for the Group in 2013,
the Remuneration Committee’s powers were formally extended
to issues of corporate social responsibility (refer to p. 275).

SERE organization - Safety, Environment & Real Estate
(see page 61).

Human Resources organization
(see pages 70-71).


--- Page 39 ---

Energy Efficiency and Solutions Experts
(for the offer)

Within the Strategy and Innovation Department, the Energy
Efficiency and Solutions team rolls out and supports the Company’s
and its employees’ transition from a product-based approach to a
solution-based approach.

To achieve this, Schneider Electric works with a network of
15,000 employees, comprised of certified solution sales and
marketing teams and supported by technical experts and over
60 Solution Centers aligned to supporting customers in local
geographies and key global end user segments, where our solution
architects are developing the solutions its customers want today
and designing the solutions of tomorrow.

Cross-functional committees

Three bodies are made up of members from the Group's various
entities that work directly or indirectly on sustainable development.
These specific committees guide and monitor the action plans for
their area of expertise.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

The Executive Sustainability Committee

Since 2010, the three members of the Executive Committee
in charge of global Human Resources, Global Supply Chain
Management and Strategy and Innovation have met every quarter
with the Sustainable Development Director to monitor and steer the
Group's action plans in this area.

The Strategic Sustainability Committee

lt was created in 2008 and is chaired by the Sustainable
Development Director. Its representatives are from the following
programs and functions: health and safety, diversity, societal
innovation, environmental management, sustainable RoHS and
REACH programs, purchasing, supply chain, ethics, access to
energy program, communication and relations with stakeholders.

The Ethics Committees
(see page 58).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 49

2


--- Page 40 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

1.6 Global and local external commitments to move forward collectively

List of the Group’s primary sustainable development commitments

Schneider Electric works with different local and international organizations on economic, social and environmental issues to foster
sustainable development in cooperation with various players from society. Schneider Electric confirms its commitment and its participation
in discussions on issues related to climate change.

Theme Commitment

Sustainable International: World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), United Nations Global Compact.

governance France: member of the Board of Directors of ORSE (French study center for corporate social responsibility)
and of the French Global Compact network.

Energy/Energy International: Alliance to Save Energy (Energy Efficiency), Clinton Climate Initiative (Buildings), Green Grid

efficiency (Information Technology), The 2°C Challenge Communiqué (Corporate Leaders Network for Climate Action, CLN).

France: EpE (Entreprises pour |’Environnement), |FPEB (/nstitut Francais pour la Performance Energétique du
Batiment), Pacte Ecologique de Nicolas Hulot, Grenelle de I’Environnement.

Access to energy

At the end of 2011 Jean-Pascal Tricoire, with the Chairmen of ERM and GDF SUEZ, co-signed a white paper
for the WBCSD (World Business Council for Sustainable Development) on business solutions to enable energy
access for all. This white paper is the first significant publication from the WBCSD and coincides with the launch
of the International Year of Sustainable Energy for all in January 2012 by the United Nations.

Diversity France: (see page 77).

Social policy Observatoire Social International

Standardization

With more than 20 experts actively participating in international standardization bodies, Schneider Electric is

making a decisive contribution to the elaboration of standards that ensure the reliability and transparency of
the work on environmental issues of its offers (UTE, Union technique de I’électricité et de la communication,
CENELEC, European Committee for Electrotechnical Standardization; IEC, International Electrotechnical
Commission; ISO, International Organization for Standardization).

Schneider Electric plays an active role within AFNOR (French Standards Organization). It participates in the

working group on sustainable development.

Since February 2007, Schneider Electric has represented France on the IEC’s Advisory Committee for
Environmental Aspects (ACEA). The ACEA works to advise and coordinate the IEC’s efforts to tackle

environmental issues.

Miscellaneous

For many years, the Group has also actively supported the Association pour le développement du mécénat

industriel et commercial (ADMICAL), a French not-for-profit organization involved in corporate sponsorship
issues, and /MS-Entreprenare pour /a cité, an association that helps companies implement their corporate social
responsibility policies. Lastly, the Group participates in work conducted by CSR Europe, notably in the area of

occupational health.

Highlights of 2012

Livelihoods: Carbon offset fund for biodiversity and
rural communities

Livelihoods is an investment fund whose objective is to contribute
to the conservation of biodiversity and the improvement of the living
conditions of rural populations in developing countries, thanks to the
revenues of carbon finance for the financing of investments and the
necessary support for the restoration of ecosystems. In Senegal,
for example, 450 villages are already replanting 7,000 hectares of
mangroves, thereby rebuilding their food-producing ecosystem (fish
breeding and crop protection). This project allows 900,000 tons
of carbon to be stored in 20 years. With a provision of EUR30 to
50 million, Livelihoods will mainly invest in three program types:
restoration and preservation of natural ecosystems, agroforestry

50 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

and soil restoration for sustainable agricultural practices and rural
energy access projects that avoid deforestation. Schneider Electric,
CDC Climat and Le Crédit Agricole are the main investors joining
Danone to create this fund. La Poste and Hermés joined them
in 2012. Schneider Electric's team BipBop supports Livelihoods on
project energy access issues.

Participation in Rio+20

Schneider Electric actively participated in the Rio+20, the United
Nations Conference on Sustainable Development. The main partner
of the France pavilion, the only multi-stakeholder pavilion of the
event, the Group participated in many debates and conferences,
including on the smart grid, smart mobility, smart cities, access to
energy, innovation, renewable energy and energy efficiency. On this
occasion, Jean-Pascal Tricoire, CEO of Schneider Electric, and


--- Page 41 ---

Professor Muhammad Yunus, winner of the 2006 Nobel Peace
Prize and leader of Grameen, shared their views on access to
energy and signed the creation of the Grameen-Schneider Electric
joint venture, which aims to develop access to energy via clean
energy in Bangladesh.

1.7 Ratings and awards

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AT THE HEART OF OUR STRATEGY

World Future Energy Summit

For the third consecutive year, Schneider Electric was a platinum
sponsor of the World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi in
January 2013.

The evaluations by the leading specialist ratings agencies and
by a number of ethical fund managers indicate the Company's
performance in its sector. The evaluations and awards underline
external recognition of the Group’s sustainable development
programs.

Ethical stock market indices

A key performance indicator was set in the Planet & Society
Barometer for the duration of the 2012-2014 Connect program: to
ensure Schneider Electric's presence in the three major SRI (Socially
Responsible Investing) indices — the DJS! World, the DJS! Europe,
and the ASPI Eurozone.

At the end of 2012, Schneider Electric is included in the three ethical
stock market indices covered by the Barometer, and its rating in
the DJSI indices is improving. The FTSE4Good Index is no longer
covered by the Barometer because the Group does not qualify for it
given that part of its activity is within the military sector (< 1%, mainly
in electrical distribution).

Dow Jones Sustainability (DJS indices

Schneider Electric is part of the 2012 edition of DJS! World and
DJS! Europe. Evaluation for this family of indices is provided by
Sustainable Asset Management (SAM), an independent asset
manager headquartered in Switzerland.

Carbon Performance Leadership Index (CPLI) -
Global 500

Schneider Electric remains in the CPLI again this year as one of
33 companies chosen for their commitment and action plans to
fight climate change. It is one of three French companies to be
included.

Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index (CDLI) -
Global 500

Schneider Electric's Disclosure rating improved this year, rising to
92/100. However, Schneider Electric is no longer part of the CDLI
in 2012 because the minimum rating is 94/100.

ASPI Eurozone Index

The ASPI Eurozone (Advanced Sustainable Performance Indices)
listing tracks the financial performance of 120 leading euro zone
social and environmental performers from the DJ Euro Stoxx
benchmark financial universe. Vigeo ratings are used to select the
listed stocks, in keeping with ASPI Eurozone guidelines.

Vigeo World, Europe and France

In November 2012, Vigeo launched a range of indices singling out
the exchange-listed companies that have the best corporate social
responsibility performance: Vigeo World 120, Vigeo Europe 120,
Vigeo France 20 and Vigeo United Kingdom 20. These indices are
updated every six months. As of November 1, 2012 Schneider
Electric is included in the three indices Vigeo World 120, Vigeo
Europe 120 and Vigeo France 20.

Other indices

In 2012, Schneider Electric was part of the following indices in
particular:

* Oekom Prime;

MSCI ESG World and MSCI ESG Europe Indices (Morgan
Stanley Capital International);

STOXX Global ESG Leaders indices by Sustainalytics and STOXX
Sustainability indices by Bank Sarasin;

Ethibel Sustainability Index (ESI) Excellence Europe and Ethibel
Sustainability Index (ES!) Excellence Global;

ECPI Global Carbon Equity, ECPI Euro Ethical Equity, ECPI
Global Ethical Equity, ECPI EMU Ethical Equity.

Awards 2012

Among the recognitions for sustainable development received
in 2011, the Group highlights the following:

© CSR Innovation Award: the Planet & Society Barometer won the
CSR Innovation Award, awarded by Cercle Humania in France.
Global 100 most sustainable corporations: Schneider Electric
reached 13th place in the ranking by Corporate Knights Inc.,
versus 26th last year.

Ethisphere: Schneider Electric was one of the 100 most ethical
companies following ranking by Ethisphere, for the second
consecutive year.

Universum rankings - Global top 50 World’s Most Attractive
Employers: in 2012, Schneider Electric was one of 50 global
companies in the engineering category rated most attractive
to students. Schneider Electric France was named the “best
climber” 2012, rising from 102nd place to 80th place.

Green Ranking: in 2012, Schneider Electric was 133rd/500
(+71 places vs. 2011), sixth in its industry and eighth among
French companies.

National prizes: Prix RSE Golden Peacock 2012 in India, Top
Employer 2012 in France, Prix RSE 2012 from the Mexican
Center for Philanthropy (CEMEFI) in Mexico, Prix 51Job Inc.
In China, Top three companies in Strategy, Leadership and
Innovation in Sustainable Development in Brazil according to the
American Chamber of Commerce.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 51

2


--- Page 42 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GREEN AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH DRIVING ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

> 2. Greenand responsible growth
driving economic performance

This chapter covers two subjects:

© products and solutions for fighting climate change: energy
efficiency, renewable energies, electric vehicles, smart grid,
product end-of-life recovery services, etc.;

© business ethics: Group responsibility principles, fight against
corruption, relations with suppliers and subcontractors.

21 Overview

Corporate governance is discussed in Chapter 3 “Corporate
Governance” page 111: operations of the Supervisory Board,
Management Board, Internal Control & Audit, shareholders’ rights,
remuneration of members of the Supervisory Board, Management
Board and Executive Committee.

Context and aims

Climate change is one of the main challenges of the 21st century.
Schneider Electric works for sectors that account for the majority
of global energy consumption. Energy consumption is not always
optimized, which makes it one of the largest sources of CO,
emissions.

As a global specialist in energy management, Schneider Electric's
products and solutions help reduce energy use and CO, emissions.
The Group is therefore developing energy efficiency solutions to
reduce energy bills by up to 30% for every type of building. The
Group's solutions also target other areas related to smart grids and
sustainable cities.

Moreover, the Group's products and solutions are sold worldwide,
either directly to end customers or through networks of partners,
therefore without any control over their final destination and end-
of-life processing. To limit the impact of its end-of-life products,
Schneider Electric has established a system to recover equipment
containing SF,, a powerful greenhouse gas.

The Group works in more than 100 couniries, with heterogeneous
practices, standards and values. Schneider Electric is also
committed to acting responsibly towards all of its stakeholders.
Therefore, the Company has defined its Principles of Responsibility
that apply to the entire Group and are based on dedicated
organization and processes. In addition, Schneider Electric is
committed to share its vision of sustainable development with the
greatest possible number of its suppliers.

For this section, three key performance indicators were set in the Planet & Society Barometer for the duration of the Connect program

(2012-2014):

Objectives for year end 2014

1. +7 points growth revenue with EcoXperts above total growth revenue
2. 90% of our recommended suppliers embrace ISO 26000 guidelines
3. 3 major ethical stock market indices choose Schneider Electric

2012 2011

7.6 pis & -
7.8% & -
3A 3

The 2011 performance serves as a Starting value for the Planet & Society Barometer of the Connect program between 2012 and 2014.

4.2012 audited indicators.

Please refer to pages 92 to 94 for the methodological presentation of indicators and the following pages for the analysis of the results

(pages 55 for indicator 1, 56-57 for indicator 2 and 51 for indicator 3).

52 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 43 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GREEN AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH DRIVING ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Highlights of 2012

Indexation of the performance incentives for the Executive
Committee members to one or more components of the
Planet & Society Barometer, chosen according to their field,
(since 2011); expansion in 2012 to the Country Presidents
of the five principal countries; especially the growth of the
Ecoxperts activity for Strategy and Innovation, the percentage of
recommended suppliers in line with ISO 26000 for Global Supply
Chain.

Launch of a new Planet & Society Barometer for the 2012-2014
period, including a new indicator to measure the performance
of the EcoXperts program and the Suppliers indicator, which is
evolving, incorporating a change of benchmark (Global Compact
to ISO 26000 ").

© The EcoXpert indicator, measured for the first time this year,
reached its goal; the Suppliers indicator was launched in the
last quarter of 2012, after working on the approach and the
measurement method; Schneider Electric was confirmed in the
three indices mentioned (DJS! World, DJS! Europe and ASPI
Eurozone).

Revenue breakdown

Every year for the last seven years, Schneider Electric has
published a diagram showing its revenue distribution for its
various stakeholders. This exercise allows the importance of each
stakeholder to be highlighted from the point of view of financial
flows and shows their share in this flow.

Purchases Dividends Net interest
&Other Expenses to Bank
€14,177, -€991 €349
million million million

2012
Total Revenue

Employees Income
€23,946 ‘Wages Taxes
million
€6,040 €568
million million

€719

million

Investment Capabilities

Non-governmental Operating Net External
Organizations CashFlow Financing*
‘& Donations After Dividend Including Capital
€N Payment Variation
€1,810 €237
million
million million
—_--——
Net Financial cash
\ nts Variation
€214** €1,114
million million

Revenue distribution to stakeholders =

Cash flow after operating expenses ans dividends mmm

‘Share issues, sale of treasury stack and loans
luging 90% of acquisition and 10% placed for retirement pensions

(1) The Global Compact will continue to be promoted with suppliers.

Cash flow from external sources

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 53

2


--- Page 44 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GREEN AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH DRIVING ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

2.2
climate change

Smart energy management products and solutions to help fight

Our planet is facing an unprecedented energy challenge.

Even assuming that all recently-introduced energy efficiency
policies are implemented with full success, global primary energy
demand is still expected to increase by 35% by 2035. This would
dramatically impact energy costs and energy security, competition
for resources, access to energy of societies’ poorest people,
economic growth — and of course climate change. The energy mix
is planned to evolve, with the share of renewable energy going from
13% to 18% of the total.

The corresponding increase in energy-related greenhouse gas
emissions would be 23% — when it should decrease by 27% for the
world to achieve its environmental needs.

Contributing to solving this challenge lies at the heart of Schneider
Electric's business strategy.

Our customers — companies, citizens, governments — all want to
reduce their costs and environmental impact, constantly improving
the reliability, safety and performance of their homes, buildings, sites
and equipment.

Schneider Electric therefore provides an innovative and competitive
portfolio of products, systems, services and software to help its
customers further optimize their energy management.

Energy efficiency

Context

Energy efficiency means using less energy for equivalent
performance or service.

Energy efficiency saves energy, money and carbon emissions, while
contributing to energy security and creating jobs.

According to the International Energy Agency's World Energy
Outlook 2012, energy efficiency-related policies recently introduced
could account for close to 70% of the reduction in energy demand
that is required for the world to meet its environmental targets
in 20385.

Schneider Electric is one of the first companies to have taken a
strong position in support of energy efficiency by developing efficient
and competitive offers for all its large end-markets.

Offers

Schneider Electric promotes “active” energy efficiency, which
consists in optimising the entire energy cycle through active energy
control products, systems, services and software.

These are mostly used to optimize the energy efficiency of industrial
processes and to improve energy performance and comfort in
industrial facilities, commercial buildings and homes — which
together represent more than 60% of total energy demand. Since
active energy controls can help reduce energy usage by up to
30%, the impact on a country’s energy mix and energy bill is too
significant to be ignored.

54 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

The Group's offer of products, systems, services and software
consist in:

© products: dimmer switches, timers, heating and air-conditioning
control, variable speed drives, etc;

systems: building management systems, lighting control, process
supervision;

© services: energy audits, optimisation of energy purchases,
participation in demand reduction programs, etc;

software: data analysis, remote monitoring,
management of energy flows over several sites, etc.
These solutions meet the standards and regulations in force in each
country where they are sold

integrated

In particular, Schneider Electric has expanded its energy services
portfolio through strong organic and external growth.

The Group's large customers want to manage their energy better
and therefore must better understand their energy flows. This
involves energy efficiency audits, metering, monitoring and analysis
services.

Then they want to optimise these flows, done using the best
purchasing policies, in order to participate in demand reduction
programs, implement energy performance contracts, and obtain
certifications (e.g. the new ISO 50001 international standard).
These are energy management services.

Finally, this energy management allows customers to reduce the
environmental impact of their activities and to improve their carbon
audit. This involves evaluation and carbon footprint management
services, closely linked to energy management services.

The Company's integrated energy management solution is also
experiencing strong growth.

It involves achieving a consolidated view of energy flows over
various activity zones of a single site, several sites, or the whole
of a company. Understanding the flows means they can be
monitored and then optimised, thus improving the long-term energy
performance of the site or company.

Schneider Electric has developed an integrated offer called
EcoStruxure, combining products, systems, services and software
within a single energy management architecture.

Schneider Electric has competitive offers for energy efficiency, as
well as for energy flow management of industrial processes, security
systems, data centers, and of course buildings. EcoStruxure
combines these various offers to provide the customer with a single
vision — complete supervision of their sites or their company —
through its innovative software offer, StruxureWare. Launched
in 2012, StruxureWare is a powerful array of software applications
and suites that deliver energy management and process efficiency
solutions, from the “shop” floor to the “top” floor. The software
package offer provides tools at three layers to maximize customer
efficiency: Enterprise, Operations and Control. Whether our
customer is a senior executive seeking command of her company’s
carbon footprint or a grid operator working to ensure reliability, with


--- Page 45 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GREEN AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH DRIVING ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

StruxureWare, Schneider Electric provides market leading software
solutions.

Customers are now able to more effectively connect their
sustainability goals to tangible actions, through streamlined
software tools and interfaces. Customers have strongly validated
the company’s approach, and one recent independent analyst
report identified StruxureWare software as a leader, with the
strongest momentum among all competitors.

Finally, Schneider Electric is rolling out an EcoXperts network in
many countries to provide its smaller customers with simple and
competitive solutions for energy efficiency and energy source
integration. These are specialised external partners trained and
supported by the Group to develop close working relationships with
their customers at a local level.

This network is already in place in France, Spain and Italy; it is
developing in the United States and in about ten countries, in
Europe and Latin America. A key performance indicator has
been included in the Planet & Society Barometer 2012-2014: to
exceed by 7 points the Group growth revenues with the EcoXperts
activities. In 2012, the target has been achieved: the EcoXperts
growth revenues are 7.6 points above the Group growth revenue in
the countries where the program is deployed.

The Smart Grid

Context

The smart grid combines electricity and IT infrastructure to integrate
and inter-connect all users (producers, operators, marketers,
consumers etc.) in order to continue to efficiently balance demand
and supply over an increasingly complex network.

Today's grid is undergoing rapid change: the Fukushima tragedy has
led many countries to rethink their energy strategy and evolve their
energy mix; renewable energy sources are enjoying a fast growth,
although they remain a small share of total energy produced;
electric vehicles are expecting stronger government support to their
deployment.

This is making the smart grid more essential than ever, and boosting
development of specific applications in every region.

Offers

Schneider Electric supports and connects the key domains of a
smarter grid: on the supply side, flexible distribution and smart
generation, which covers bulk generation, distributed generation
and renewable energy integration; on the demand side, efficient
homes and efficient enterprise, which covers homes, buildings,
industrial facilities & datacenters, as well as electric vehicles
charging infrastructure; and finally, balancing supply and demand,
through demand response.

Schneider Electric offers products and solutions in all these
domains:

® flexible distribution: control and automation of sub-stations
(between high and medium voltage and medium and low voltage

networks), SCADA (Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition),
protection and metering systems, outage devices;

smart generation: installation and equipping of solar, wind or
hydroelectric plants, automation and control systems, SCADA,
engineering and maintenance.

According to the International Energy Agency's World Energy
Outlook 2012, renewable energy sources could grow from 13%
of total energy production in 2010 to 18% in 2035 — representing
an 83% increase

Schneider Electric serves and connects power plants and large
buildings to the electricity grid, provides equipment to turbine
manufacturers and supplies the residential market through its
network of partners and distributors;

efficient homes and enterprise: energy efficiency products and
solutions, complex solutions for integrated energy management,
operational and financial project management.

Schneider Electric also offers safe recharging infrastructures for
electric vehicles, as well as efficient energy management systems
and high added value accompanying services.

The recharging infrastructure must be completely safe, for the
user as well as for the vehicle, the building and the electricity grid.
Our range of solutions covers residential or co-owned garages,
public and private car parks or roadside parking as well as rapid
recharging infrastructures.

However, for an electric vehicle to be “green”, the electricity
used for charging must also be green. Priority for charging must
therefore be given to the periods in which energy sources with low
CO, emissions are available. Peak periods must also be avoided
as the electricity grid is already experiencing very high demand
for all other uses. This is why Schneider Electric is developing
energy management solutions adapted to grid cycles.

Finally, the variety of charging environments, whether public or
private, single or collective, requires information and invoicing
systems to be put in place for businesses and car service
providers;

© demand-response: consultancy and implementation of software
platforms to share data and for load shedding aimed at energy
operators.

Sustainable Cities

Context

Cities are where the world’s sustainability battle will be won — or lost.
Cities need to ensure resource efficiency over the long-term as well
as social inclusiveness, while providing more efficient urban services
to their constituents.

As cities improve the efficiency of their underlying urban systems
(electricity distribution, gas distribution, water distribution, public and
private transportation, buildings and homes, waste management),
they increase the performance of the public services they provide,
thus improving their liveability and attractiveness to residents,
commuters and visitors alike.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 55

2


--- Page 46 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GREEN AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH DRIVING ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Offers

Our hands-on, bottom-up approach to urban efficiency combines
solutions to all key systems of a city, integration capabilities,
innovative financing mechanisms such as performance contracting
as well as a strong collaborative mindset, with both global players
with complementary capabilities and local players with deep
knowledge of each city’s specifications.

Our technology offer comprises products, systems, services and
software, backed by strong process expertise, to improve the
efficiency of the operation and information architectures:

solutions for smart energy: smart grid automation, flexible
distribution, metering management systems, integration of
renewable energy sources, real-time software suites;

solutions for smart mobility: electric vehicles charging
infrastructure and supervision services, traffic management
systems, tolling and congestion charging systems, multi-modal
transportation management system;

solutions for smart water: distribution management system,
leak detection, power, control and security systems integration,
stormwater management, urban flooding management;
solutions for smart buildings: energy efficiency and security
solutions and services for high-performance buildings, home
energy management systems;

solutions for smart public services: public safety through video
surveillance and emergency management system, digital city
services platforms, street lighting management system;

solutions for smart integration: EcoStruxure integrated
architecture for power, security, IT, building and process
management systems, integrated mobility management
platform, security systems and management, intelligent weather
forecasting, energy and environment management information
system.

Recovery service for equipment containing SF,

In the framework of its Planet & Society Barometer for the 2009-
2011 period, Schneider Electric looked to create SF, gas recovery
processes, for end-of-life products in 10 countries, in Europe and

2.3

in Asia. SF, is a gas used as an insulator and/or breaker in medium
voltage devices. SF, is an extremely powerful greenhouse gas
and therefore requires special treatment to prevent atmospheric
emissions.

The first devices containing SF, gas sold by Schneider Electric
reached their end-of-life at the start of 2000. The objective is to
develop commercial offers that allow customers to dispose of their
end-of-life, SF, containing devices, in order to completely extract
the gas and recycle it.

At the end of 2011, eight countries had implemented a recovery
process with a local service manager, a recovery solution (Schneider
Electric or partner), and appropriate customer tariffs: Australia and
France (since 2009), Sweden (since 2010), Germany, Austria,
Belgium, Spain and the United Kingdom (since 2011).

In 2012, Schneider Electric structured this process around the
“EoL6” program, which is intended to expand the SF, end-of-life
product recovery offers. The indicator continues to be monitored
and two new countries have joined the project and completed
the implementation of a recovery process: Switzerland and New
Zealand. For 2013, the goal is to reach a total of 12 countries.

Note that this year, in France, a new milestone in the development
of the EoL6 program was reached after winning an important first
contract with ErDF, the main French utility. This service will cover
a wide range of SF, equipment, including Merlin Gerin, Schneider
Electric and Areva. The contract will begin in January 2013 and will
run for five years.

In several other countries, specific SF, gas recovery actions have
been implemented: Hungary, Israel, Italy, Jagan, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Estonia, Ukraine, Ireland, South Africa, Turkey, Vietnam,
Saudi Arabia, etc. However, these countries do not have a
dedicated local system.

Norway implemented a recovery process. SF, recycling is a legal
obligation and Schneider Electric's customers work with the public
organizations in charge of electrical and electronic waste recycling.
This country is not included in the indicator.

EoL6 is a service offer that can meet the need for timely recycling
of old appliances (standalone mode) or be grouped with an offer
to upgrade ECOFITTM-type installations (replacing old appliances
with new, higher performance appliances).

Relations with subcontractors and suppliers

Approach

As a Global Compact signatory, Schneider Electric has been
involved in an ambitious approach to include sustainable
development challenges in the supplier selection and working
processes. This approach is all the more important as Schneider
Electric's purchases volume represents EUR1 1.650 billion.

Schneider Electric has published a charter for its suppliers,
called the Supplier Guide Book, which includes a large section
on expectations with regard to sustainable development in the
following four areas: health and safety, human rights, ethics and
the environment.

56 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Since 2004, the Group has been encouraging its suppliers to
commit to a sustainable development process. A key performance
indicator was defined in the Planet & Society Barometer for the
duration of the 2009-2011 One program: at the end of 2011, more
than 50% of Schneider Electric purchases were from suppliers who
had signed the 10 Principles of the Global Compact or the EICC.
With the Connect program, Schneider Electric wants to place itself
in a continuous improvement process as well as follow-up with its
suppliers by encouraging them to make progress according to the
guidelines of ISO 26000.


--- Page 47 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GREEN AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH DRIVING ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Action plans

Schneider Electric's approach to its suppliers in the area of
sustainable development centers around three main action plans.

Integration of the sustainable purchases approach
into the selection of new suppliers

Schneider Electric uses a qualification process called Schneider
Supplier Quality Management to select new suppliers. It is based
on an evaluation questionnaire combined with on-site audits by
Schneider Electric quality specialists.

This process includes a specific section on the environment and
sustainable development and aims to assess supplier suitability
with regard to the Group's aims in three areas:

© social responsibility linked to the Global Compact principles;

© environment: ISO 14001, ISO 14062 on eco-design, REACH and
RoHS;

© safety: health, safety standards, accidents and severity rate.

Sustainable development criteria account for nearly 15% of supplier
evaluation. In addition, all these criteria have a minimum level, below
which a supplier will not be retained to work with Schneider Electric.
Schneider Electric carried out more than 252 audits of this type
in 2012.

This qualification process applies to all new suppliers and to
existing suppliers in certain cases. It is strengthened by the General
Purchasing Conditions to which all suppliers must conform: OECD
directives on sustainable development and regulations defined in the
ISO 14001 standard. Suppliers also commit to respect all national
legislation and regulations, the REACH regulation and the ROHS
directives, and, more generally, the laws and regulations relating to
prohibition or restriction of use of certain products or substances.

Promotion of a continuous improvement process
based on ISO 26000

Astatement on the importance of sustainable development is made
by the Group purchasing pilot to each major supplier of Schneider
Electric after the supplier has been trained in the approach. For
these suppliers, in 2012 Schneider Electric began an approach that
is based on an evaluation carried out by a third party. This is to
promote the commitment of the supplier to a process of continuous

2.4 Our Principles of Responsibility

The Company is constantly interacting with all the stakeholders
throughout the world: its borders are expanding, its environment is
changing ever faster, its activities are becoming globalized and its
social responsibilities are growing.

Schneider Electric wants to reaffirm its desire to respect the laws
and regulations in all the countries in which it works.

The challenge is to gain and maintain the highest confidence of
its customers and — in a wider sense — of its stakeholders. To
support each employee in this approach, the Group emphasizes

improvement based on ISO 26000, through improvement plans
supported by the provider.

The sustainable development goals have become one of the
7 pillars used to measure supplier performance since 2011; this
has the particular advantage of allowing the highest-performing
suppliers to become a ‘recommended’, or for the best suppliers,
‘preferred’ Group supplier. The performance resulting from the
external evaluation is one of the key points of this pillar. The Group
aims to engage 90% of its recommended suppliers in a process of
continuous improvement on this pillar.

Rollout of eco-responsible initiatives

Schneider Electric is rolling out several eco-responsible initiatives
with its suppliers.

For example, Schneider Electric has chosen to go further than the
European REACH and RoHS regulations. The approach is therefore
rolled out in the Group over the whole product portfolio and all
suppliers, regardless of their geographic origin.

Furthermore, Schneider Electric launched an update in 2011 to
the carbon impact analysis of company purchases in terms of its
carbon footprint. Schneider Electric has used this approach to raise
awareness of the importance of this subject among purchasers and
certain suppliers in the most relevant purchasing sectors.

Finally, by the very nature of its activity, the Group continually
encourages its ecosystem (including customers and suppliers) to
implement energy efficient solutions.

Examples

A global workshop organized in 2012 for “preferred” suppliers
emphasized the importance that Schneider Electric places on
aspects linked to sustainable development. During this workshop,
Schneider Electric wanted to reward the highest-performing
suppliers, particularly in the Planet and Social Responsibility
category for which a trophy was awarded.

Another example is Schneider Electric's commitment to support
the small and medium enterprises network. This support is given
through an approach to work adapted with certain suppliers. In
France, Schneider Electric is a major player of the International
SME Pact.

the importance of placing responsibility at the heart of its corporate
governance.

The Group currently has around 140,000 employees worldwide.
Following the Group's various acquisitions, it has been able to
integrate this exceptional professional and cultural diversity to its
advantage. Driven by Group values, the Responsibility & Ethics
Dynamics program forms the basis of common references.
Schneider Electric’s mission therefore takes its meaning from
engaging with individuals and organizations in order to help them
get the most from their energy.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 5/

2


--- Page 48 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GREEN AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH DRIVING ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

Acommon frame of reference: Our Principles
of Responsibility

Our Principles of Responsibility is a 15-page document that is as
pragmatic and realistic as possible, a synthesis of the Group’s
common commitments to employees, partners, shareholders,
the planet and society. Our Principles of Responsibility do not
claim to cover all ethical dilemmas, but rather serve as a general
guideline. They are adapted locally to meet local practices or legal
requirements.

Our Principles of Responsibility were prepared in compliance with
the 10 principles of the Global Compact, the corporate governance
principles, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the
International Labor Standards. As a result, these principles comply
with international standards such as the anti-corruption principles.

Today, Our Principles of Responsibility document has been
translated into 30 languages and sent to all Group employees.

A clause was added to all employment contracts, specifying that
new arrivals were aware of Our Principles of Responsibility when
they joined Schneider Electric.

Adapted processes

The Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program provides each
employee with a method for asking the right questions and seeking
out the right people according to two approaches:

© a detailed questioning process to take the right steps in delicate
situations. This may be broken down into three stages:

1. consulting the program's Intranet site,

2. contacting one’s manager and/or a member of the
concerned department (legal, financial, human resources
(HR), environment, etc.),

3. contacting the entity’s Principles of Responsibility advisor;

© an alert process to guide employees step-by-step towards the
right bodies:

1. contact their line managers,

2. use existing in-house outlets (legal, financial, HR, environment,
etc.),

3. contact the Group Compliance Committee.

Three tools accessible to all employees for
educational and prevention purposes

¢ An Intranet site accessible to all employees from the global
Intranet home page, providing all information on the program and
Our Principles of Responsibility, as well as news and progress in
the field.

¢ Frequently Asked Questions — FAQs. This tool which is continually
powered was introduced following a collection of reports written
by the managers after the program and Our Principles of
Responsibility were presented to their teams.

¢ An online e-learning module. The aim is that, at the end of
the session, the trainee will be familiar with Our Principles of
Responsibility and more comfortable using them in his or her
job. At the end of 2012, more than 30,000 employees had
participated in the module: 94% rated the module as good or
excellent.

58 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

A professional alert system

To allow each employee to exercise their right to report a problem,
a professional alert system has been deployed over the past two
years. At the end of 2012, it is 96% deployed; the goal is to cover
all employees.

In compliance with local legislations, this market solution is provided
by an independent company and proposes alert categories, a
questionnaire, and information exchange protocol between the
person issuing the alert and the person responsible for investigating
it. The main players in this process are the Compliance Officers (see
“Dedicated teams and organization”).

Implementation for the whole Group is accompanied by an internal
communication plan that identifies the persons responsible for
investigating alerts received.

Dedicated teams and organization

The program requires implementation of an organization including

the following

© a Governance Committee and a network of Principles of
Responsibility Advisors.
They are responsible for the implementation and roll out of the
Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program ;

© aCompliance Committee and a network of Compliance Officers.
They are responsible for detecting and managing cases of non-

compliance with the processes defined, in line with local laws and
regulations and Our Principles of Responsibility.

Stakeholders and committees exercise their authority within
activities of influence and control.

In particular, the Governance Committee must ensure coherence
with the Group's strategic plans. It provides Executive Committee
members with information on trends that, for example, implement
the company change program.

Twice a year

Upon Request

One a year

Compliance
Committee

Define, Explain
& Spread the Rules

|

POR Advisers
(1 per Entity)

Detect & Manage
Non Compliance

Compliance
Officers
(1 per geograph. area)

Measuring rollout and effectiveness

The Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program is primarily the
subject of regular internal communication. The objective is to inform
all the employees and remind the management teams of the priority
actions that they must drive forward, dependent on the risks to
which they are exposed in their countries of operation.


--- Page 49 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

GREEN AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH DRIVING ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE

In addition and since the program was launched in 2010, it has
been the subject of an assessment conducted by Internal Audit.

Our Principles of Responsibility were rolled out in all the Group's
entities in 2010. The results of the Internal Audit, including the
findings of a survey of 10,000 employees and an audit that includes
Argentina, China, the United Arab Emirates, the United States,
France, India, Indonesia, Italy and Russia were:

* 73% of employees questioned said they were familiar with Our
Principles of Responsibility;

© 84% of survey participants stated that the information given was
useful and comprehensive.

After a measure in 2010 for the deployment of the benchmark,
Our Principles of Responsibility, the 2011 assessment focused on
the Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program as a whole, with a
particular focus on the 19 most exposed countries in which the
Group works, according to the corruption perception index of
Transparency International.

The audit shows the level of knowledge of Our Principles of
Responsibility stands at 75% (83% if a recently acquired entity is
excluded). Beyond the figures, the audit revealed two very important
points:

© on the one hand, regarding the means of communication judged
the most effective;

© and on the other, on the level of perception of Our Principles of
Responsibility by position within the Company.

Since 2012, these lessons are driving us to integrate communication
into the Schneider Electric University training programs and to use
supplementary action for the job posts where the result is weakest.

Personal data protection

Building a global organization requires the pooling of our information
systems (human resources, customer relationship management,
suppliers, etc.) and globally sharing our databases among all
entities. However, personal data protection regulations restrict
cross-border flows of personal data by subjecting them to strict
constraints requiring the signing of contractual agreements between
the entities concerned.

Schneider Electric chooses to provide legal certainty for cross-
border flows by developing a code of conduct for the protection
of personal data (Binding Corporate Rules), an option proposed to
multinationals by the personal data protection authorities in Europe.

Schneider Electric's Binding Corporate Rules were approved on
November 27, 2012 by the personal data protection authorities in
26 Member States of the European Union.

These data protection rules will be applicable to all Schneider
Electric subsidiaries worldwide. The communication plan,
e-learning module and practical guides will be available to allow for
harmonized deployment of the Binding Corporate Rules, which will
be binding on all employees. Their implementation will be subject to
an annual audit, whose report will be available to the personal data
protection authorities.

This code of conduct publicly affirms Schneider Electric’s
commitment to protect the personal data of its employees but
also of its customers, which is a measure of a digital strategy
that reconciles economic business objectives and respect for the
fundamental right of people to protect their data and their privacy.

Award for excellence 2012

The Group is proud of having been included in The Ethisphere
Institute's World's Most Ethical Companies indicator for the second
year in a row.

Schneider Electric is among 100 international companies
recognized for their ethical commitment and behavior. The
performance measure looks at the existence and consistency
of governance, the reputation and influence of the Company,
the quality of actions promoting citizenship and_ social
responsibility, and the culture and actions promoting ethics.
This recognition is reassuring for the Group as it implements the
Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program.

Outlook for 2013

Program rollout will continue in 2013 along various axes:

® continuing communication actions and training for employees in
countries most susceptible to breaches of ethics;

* continuation of implementing simple measures to enable
employees to understand ethical dilemmas in an operational
context and to help them place themselves above the risk level
to which they may be exposed; this action, which was decided
in 2012, will build up a corpus of training kits in 2013 that will
be available to all Group managers. Each kit, for use at team
meetings, includes an ethical dilemma placed in a real-life
context, three examples of typical behaviors and an explanation
of the behavior recommended by the Group ;

working with the Principles of Responsibility Advisors to forge
Closer ties between the principles and the operational procedures
and directives that should be readily available to all Group
employees.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 59

2


--- Page 50 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

25 Fight against corruption

Approach and action plans

Schneider Electric is subject to investigation, controlled by rating
agencies and investors on sustainable development practices,
which often include questions on very specific subjects, such as
our anti-corruption policies. The Group makes an effort to respond
to all questions with full transparency.

The Governance Committee, presided over by the
Strategy & Innovation Function, applies a seven-point progress plan
based on the Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program:

1. identify high level employees to monitor the rollout of the
Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics program;

2.define best practices to prevent illegal actions, strengthen
management's major role and promote use of the professional
alert system;

3. ensure that all policies comply with Our Principles of Responsibility;
4. inform employees of standards and procedures;
5. implement monitoring, audit and reporting systems;

6. establish a discipline for the practical implementation of standards
and procedures;

7. in the event of a breach of the ethics principles, take the corrective
measures necessary, including the consolidation of procedures.

Examples

In full coordination with the Responsibility & Ethics Dynamics
program, the awareness-raising actions, linking the Sustainable
Development, Legal, Security and Internal Audit functions, have
been led by the line managers in 2012.

Various other anti-corruption initiatives have been implemented, at
the national or regional level:

¢ in France, Schneider Electric is involved in defining ethical
standards as part of the Business Ethics Commission of the
Gimélec, a grouping of manufacturers of electrical equipment,
control systems and related services;

in Russia, Schneider Electric signed an ethics charter with the
Association of European Businesses;

© Schneider Electric Egypt obtained specific anti-corruption
certification for its work with the National Electricity Corporation
in Sudan.

3. Schneider Electric’s Commitment
to Environmental Performance

This chapter deals with the environmental impact of the Group's industrial activities. The products and solutions offered by Schneider Electric
which help reduce the environmental impacts of our customers’ activities are described in part 2 (page 52).

3:1 Overview

Context and aims

Schneider Electric does not produce nor distribute energy. It
conceives and builds electrical products and proposes integral
solutions for a number of market segments. The great majority of
these products are installation components for energy management.
They consume little energy compared with the devices they control,
and the losses through dissipation are negligible compared with
the energy in transit. Production activities, for their part, mainly call
on assembly and control techniques and only minimally integrate
procedures with a significant environmental impact, such as the
transformation and treatment of metals.

60 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

With a company presence in more than 100 countries resulting
from a continual rhythm of acquisitions, Schneider Electric applies
a common environmental policy to all its entities and rolls out
the same programs for certification, reporting and performance
objective throughout all its geographical locations.

Schneider Electric commits to protecting the environment and
health through the following objectives contained in the Connect
company program:

© to roll out ISO 14001 certification and the Group's environmental
reporting to 100% of the industrial sites and logistics centers
(more than 50 people) within two years after their creation or
acquisition, and to the large tertiary sites (more than 500 people);


--- Page 51 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

to roll out energy efficiency monitoring solutions to sites larger
than 5,000 m? and to several strategic sites (/.e., a total of more
than 300) covering 90% of the Group's total consumption, and
reduce the energy consumption at these sites by 10% in three
years (Energy Action program);

limit leaks of SF, to 0.95% of the consumption of that gas on
those sites;

reduce the emissions associated with transportation paid by the
Group by 10%;

reduce the Group's water consumption with specific objectives
and action plans for the sites with the highest water consumption

and those located in areas of water stress, and control the
deviations (+/-10%) of all sites that report water consumption;

monitor VOC emissions (Volatile Organic Compounds) for all
ISO 14001 sites holding emissions permits or emitting more than
one ton per year;

achieve an 85% waste recycling rate;

achieve 75% of product revenue from products that have a life-
cycle analysis and controlled and limited chemical substance
usage (Green Premium).

For this section, three key performance indicators were set in the Planet & Society Barometer for the duration of the Connect program

(2012-2014)

Objectives for year end 2014

1. 10% CO, savings on transportation
2. 75% of our product revenues achieved with Green Premium
3. 10% energy consumption savings

2012 2011
14.8% & -
65.5% & 63%
6.1% & -

The 2011 performance serves as a starting value for the Planet & Society Barometer Connect program between 2012 and 2014.

& 2012 Audited Indicators.

Please refer to pages 92 to 94 for the methodological presentation of indicators and the following pages for the analysis of the results (pages

65 for indicator 1, 65-67 for indicator 2 and 63-64 for indicator 3).

Organization

At the corporate level, Sustainable Development Department
establishes the Group's environmental strategy and leads the
corporate environmental players, jointly with the Global Supply
Chain Management. The Sustainable Development Director
is ranked below the Executive Vice President of Strategy and
Innovation (member of the Group's Executive Committee).

The Environment Director, ranked below the Senior Vice President
of the Global Supply Chain Management (member of the Group's
Executive Committee), defines and rolls out the environmental
policies and programs; he reports the results and leads the
environmental manager network comprising:

for product management: environmental managers in each
business who are responsible for integrating environmental
concerns in line-up management, environmental representatives
who are responsible for assessing the impact on marketing,
and environmental specialists with expertise in integrating
environmental aspects into product design;

for site management: environmental managers in each major
region, environmental managers in each large region with
significant business volume, and environmental managers in
each plant or supply chain center.

In 2010, the organization within Global Supply Chain Management
changed from a corporate-only leadership to a regional organization
(North America; Asia-Pacific; Europe, Middle-East, Africa and
South America). Three SERE (Safety, Environment and Real
Estate) directors were appointed; each one is responsible for
implementing the Group's policies in these fields for all sites within
their geographical area and for reporting on progress plans. There is
a meeting of the three directors every quarter to ensure coherence

in the Security, Environment and Real-Estate policies for the entire
Group. To implement this policy, the SERE directors lead a network
of more than 200 managers responsible for the environmental
management of industrial, logistic and administrative sites.

These networks have access to a wide range of management
and experience sharing resources including directives, application
guides, an intranet site and databases.

The Transport Director, within Global Supply Chain Management,
is in charge of measuring and reducing freight CO, emissions at
Group level.

To educate all employees on environmental issues, e-learning
modules have been developed, including the eco-responsible
management of energy and environment; these modules
complement the existing technical training. In addition, an Intranet
environment is accessible by all employees and expanded
continuously to inform everyone about the levels of our programs
and the contribution of each one.

Highlights of 2012

Indexation of the performance incentives for the Executive
Committee members to one or more components of the
Planet & Society Barometer, chosen according to their field,
(since 2011); expansion in 2012 to the Country Presidents of
the five principal countries; especially Green Premium for Global
Supply Chain Management and Activities, reductions in CO,,
ISO 14001 and energy efficiency for Global Supply Chain.

Launch of a new Planet & Society Barometer for the 2012-2014
period: the CO, emissions reduction indicator for 2009-2011,
whose target of 90,000 tons was exceeded, was extended to

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

61

2


--- Page 52 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

two distinct indicators - reduction of CO, emissions in transport
and reduction of energy consumption; the Green Premium
indicator target was raised from 2/3 to 75%.

3.2 Reduction of CO, Emissions

© Two indicators had a very strong start in 2012: reduction of CO,
emissions in transport with 14.8% reduction, and reduction of
energy consumption with 6.1% reduction; this was the result of
efforts undertaken over the past several years in these areas.

St

Approach

Schneider Electric is not subject to European quotas on carbon
emissions since it is an industrial business that globally produces
few emissions in comparison to energy intensive industries.
Schneider Electric is therefore classified in the low emissions sector
by the Carbon Disclosure Project “’. However, the Group has
defined measures to reduce its carbon emissions.

With the support of the Carbon 4 consultancy firm, in 2011-2012
Schneider Electric updated the carbon footprint performed in 2007
(from 2006 data), from its upstream suppliers to its downstream
distribution chain. The main sources of emissions remain the same:
purchase of raw materials (steel, plastic and metal) and equipment
represents around 70% of the total. The logistics involving upstream
and downstream supply from and to suppliers and first tier
customers represents 15%, of which the main part comes from road
freight. Schneider Electric is aiming to reduce emissions related to
transport paid by the Group by 10% over the next three years (see
p. 65). Direct emissions (scope 1 and 2) in Group buildings represent
around 9%. Schneider Electric is committed to reducing its energy
emissions by 10% over the 2012-2014 period (see p. 63-64). More
modest items — employees’ travels and waste — represent 5% and
1% respectively.

This emissions split is representative of a second transformation
activity.

Compared to emissions evaluated in 2006, carbon intensity of the
Group fell and certain sources were the subject of specific work in
which the results are very visible: SF, emissions for example were
significantly reduced.

Finally, the structure of emissions has changed: freight emissions as
a percentage have decreased following a correction of the method
used for 2006 figures.

1%

Others
(including waste)

Site energy consumption
(and SF.)
5%

/ Employee travel

(daily cornmute
and business trips)

15%

Logistics transportation
(from upstream
to customer delivery)

Purchases of raw
material and equipment

For the 2009-2011 period, Schneider Electric set itself the following
objectives:

reduce CO, equivalent emissions of 30,000 tons per year for all
scopes 1 and 2 as defined in the GHG Protocol ® (emissions of
SF, gas in the industrial sites concerned, and energy consumption
of the industrial and logistics sites and some tertiary sites) as well
as a part of scope 3 as defined in the GHG Protocol (air cargo in
the long distance freight transport mix ®) ; the objective was to
reduce CO, emissions by approximately 15% over three years on
a constant basis compared to 2008;

implement a recovery process for SF, gas in 10 countries.
The first devices containing SF, gas sold by Schneider Electric
reached their end-of-life at the start of 2000. The objective was
to develop commercial offers that allow customers to dispose of
their end-of-life, SF, containing devices, in order to completely
extract the gas and recycle it.

(1) Source: Carbon Disclosure Project 2008, Survey of the SBF120 French companies.

(2) The Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol) is the most widely-used international accounting tool for CO,-equivalent emissions. Scope 1
corresponds to greenhouse gas emissions from sources held or controlled by the Company. Scope 2 corresponds to emissions for the
generation of electricity consumed by the Company. Scope 3 corresponds to all other indirect emissions of the Company from sources that it

does not hold or control (transport, use of products and services, etc.)

(3) Long-distance freight includes air freight and maritime freight.

62 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 53 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

At the end of the One program (2009-2011), Schneider Electric
had saved nearly 162,000 tons of CO, equivalent. The reduction
target of 30,000 tons per year (/.e., 90,000 tons over the three-year
period of the program) was exceeded. In addition, eight countries
had established an SF, gas recovery pathway.

The following actions were undertaken to achieve the target:

the carbon footprint of scopes 1 and 2, as defined in the GHG
Protocol, is calculated monthly, as is the performance of each
site concerned;

since 2010, the carbon performance has been presented
monthly to the Management Committee of the Global Supply
Chain Management by the Group's Environmental Director and
the three SERE Directors (Safety, Environment and Real Estate);

since 2010, the carbon footprint reduction target has been taken
into account for the performance incentives of all Global Supply
Chain Management personnel who receive a bonus;

since 2011, the reduction of the carbon footprint and the energy
efficiency programs were included in the performance incentives
of the Executive Committee member in charge of Global
Supply Chain.

In 2011, Schneider Electric worked on defining its new carbon
emission reduction targets for the 2012-2014 period within the
scope of the company program. The Group's approach is based
on measuring, controlling and reducing CO, emissions, starting
with the most direct ones upon which the Group has most impact
and greater reliability in terms of metering (these correspond to
scopes 1 and 2 defined in the GHG Protocol) followed by more
indirect emissions (corresponding to scope 3 of the GHG Protocol).
Consequently, for the 2012-2014 period, Schneider Electric:

* set an objective to limit leaks of SF, to 0.95% of the consumption
of that gas on those sites. As a reminder, over the 2009-2011
period, the Group reduced this rate from 4% to 0.95% (the goal
was to reach 1%);

© included on the Planet & Society Barometer the objective of
achieving 10% savings on its energy consumption;

© expanded its ambition on measuring and reducing its scope 3
by integrating into the Planet & Society Barometer a specific
objective of a 10% reduction in CO, in transportation paid by
the Group.

Action plans

Actions to reduce SF, emissions

The CO, savings realized by Schneider Electric over the 2009-
2011 period was mainly due to the reduction of SF, leaks in the
production processes, resulting from

© mandatory monthly reporting since 2010 rather than twice yearly
in 2009;

° aFailure Modes, Effects and Criticality Analysis (FMECA) deployed
for manufacturing processes that involve SF, gas since 2010;

© improvements in processes and measurement on certain high
emission sites, particularly the SCFME Libourne site (France), the
largest European site, and the SBLMV Peking site (China), the
Asian site with the highest SF, consumption.

Industrial leakage of SF, gas had to be reduced from a rate of 4%
at the end of 2008 to a rate of 0.95% by the end of 2011 for gas
consumed during production. The investments made to achieve
this performance continue to bear fruit and the Group has set
the objective of maintaining this rate at a maximum of 0.95% of
SF, leakage. Since this objective is no longer a goal of company
change, it is no longer included in the Planet & Society Barometer
over the 2012-2014 period, but continues to be followed in the
dashboard of the Group's internal control.

In 2012, the Group exceeded its objective with an SF, leakage
rate of 0.75%, equivalent to about 10,400 tons of CO, emissions
avoided compared to 2011 (data corrected for production level).

Energy savings

In general, Schneider Electric sites are low consumers of energy,
compared with more energy intensive industries. However,
Schneider Electric wishes to set an example in the reduction of
energy consumption by applying its own solutions.

Energy Action program

Approach
Schneider Energy Action is a program for the continual reduction in
energy consumption in all of the Group's sites. The objectives are:

cutting out waste of electricity, natural gas and oil, and thereby
reducing costs;

deploying Schneider Electric’s energy efficiency solutions at its
own sites;

demonstrating Schneider Electric's expertise to its customers;

raising employees’ awareness about new energy efficiency
solutions and their own contribution to product development.

Around 9% of total Group emissions come from energy
consumption at its sites (according to the carbon footprint of 2012).
Since 2005, Schneider Electric has fixed annual objectives for
reduction and publishes (internally) the energy consumption of
each of its production and logistics sites each year, as part of the
Schneider Energy Action program. The Group met and in some
cases exceeded its objective of reducing energy consumption per
production site employee by 10% between 2005 and 2008. The
2009-2011 objective of -4% per year and per employee was also
achieved overall at the end of 2011

The Planet & Society Barometer for the One program (2009-2011)
extended the monitoring of energy consumption to major tertiary
sites, including these in the objectives for ISO 14001 certification
of sites. The Group's head office in France was therefore certified
according to the ISO 14001 environmental management standard,
the EN 16001 energy management standard in 2010 and was the
first building to receive the new ISO 50001 certification in 2011.
The sites’ energy consumption is monitored on a monthly basis
by the Management Board of Global Supply Chain Management
since 2010. Global Supply Chain Management is responsible for all
of the Group's sites.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 63

2


--- Page 54 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

Action plans
The 2012-2014 company program includes the following objectives:

reduction of energy consumption by 10% over three years
compared to 2011;

reporting of energy bills and roll-out of the StruxureWare Resource
Advisor software for all sites with more than 5,000 m?;

roll-out of StruxureWare Energy Operation at those sites for real-
time monitoring;

certification of energy management systems pursuant to the
ISO 50001 standard for 20 sites;

identification of opportunities to reduce energy consumption over
all sites as a result of the Energy Action audits.

The Schneider Energy Action program uses Schneider Electric
energy service activities to identify opportunities in key areas which
are HVAC (Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning), certain
equipment (such as air compressors), lighting and specific industrial
processes.

Many initiatives and awareness campaigns are implemented
internally to improve understanding of the short and long term
benefits of energy efficiency. There is also a dedicated Intranet site
that provides information on progress and the results obtained as
part of Schneider Energy Action.

The program resulted in the following achievements in 2012:

© adjusted energy savings of 6.1% compared to 2011 (climate and
industrial businesses) for the 100 highest-consumption sites;

connection of 148 sites to Struxureware Energy Operation;

connection of 202 sites to Struxureware Resource Advisor;
ISO 50001 certification of 36 sites;

at the 100 highest-consumption sites, an energy manager and
an energy reduction action plan;

around EUR8 million invested in energy efficiency projects,
generally with a return on investment of less than three years.

Energy Operation and Resource Advisor are software suites that
are part of the Schneider Electric StruxureWare platform, which
helps customers in any market segment and across all geographic
areas to maximize their business performance while conserving
their resources, including energy. Energy Operation is applied at the
operations level and Resource Advisor is applied at the company
level.

Resource Advisor is Schneider Electric's enterprise-level
StruxureWare software application and part of the EcoStruxure
architecture. Resource Advisor provides secure access to data,
reports and summaries to drive energy and sustainability programs.

Energy Operation is Schneider Electric's operations-level
StruxureWare software application, part of EcoStruxure. Energy
Operation provides a data visualization and analysis application that
aggregates volumes of raw energy data into actionable information.
As a cloud-based software as a service (SaaS) model, it gives
reduced solution cost, increased data storage capacity, and a very

64 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

flexible and mobile energy solution enhanced by Schneider Electric
expert services.

Examples

Implementing our own solutions, we have transformed our Pisek
manufacturing plant in the Czech Republic into an energy efficiency
showroom, demonstrating our core strategy to customers and
employees. Thanks to Energy Action, the plant reached 24.5%
reduction in energy consumption in 2012 vs. 2008.

The Green IT program

Green IT is a program to reduce the electrical consumption of
Schneider Electric's IT infrastructure (data centers, servers and
IT devices). It addresses all phases of the life cycle of IT devices
and involves a close partnership with our equipment and services
suppliers to reduce their carbon footprint.

The main objectives are:
® to optimize the number of data centers and their energy
management using Schneider Electric products and solutions;

© to ensure the continuous training of our IT teams, implementation
of continuous improvement plans and best practices to reduce
the use of electricity of all IT devices from the data centers to the
end user.

The following measures were implemented in 2012:

© roll out of a Green IT configuration for more than 15,000 PCs,
providing a 20% reduction in power consumption and saving
more than 850 MW per year;

improvement of the PUE (Power Usage Effectiveness) from 1.2
to 1.08 for the Swindon (UK) data center, which hosts three of
our SAP platforms;

consolidation in North America of 400 servers in the Lexington
data center to the St. Louis data center on a Vblock virtual farm,
optimized infrastructure for the consolidation of data centers
and cloud computing, allowing for storage savings of more
than 830 MW per year; this experience will allow for significant
further consolidation and virtualization in 2013, in order to go
from 80 sites to 8 sites with more than 30% reduction in power
consumption;

major infrastructure study in the Asia-Pacific region targeting
the consolidation of more than 200 sites into 28 sites, and 78%
virtualization in 2013;

major infrastructure study in China with the construction of
a “green” data center for a reduction of 70% in the number of
physical servers and energy savings of 40%; the project was
launched in 2012 with plans for completion in 2014;

launch of Green IT awards in the Asia-Pacific region; roll-out
of the “my carbon footprint awareness” and “going lean and
optimization practical classes” programs in order to implement
Wake-on-LAN (WoL, an Ethernet network standard that allows a
computer to be booted from a distance), optimize the power of
PCs and screens and increase the ambient temperature of the
server rooms.


--- Page 55 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

Actions to reduce emissions linked to freight

A goal of reducing emissions linked to freight applies to
the entire Group

In the framework of the three-year Connect company program
and the Planet & Society Barometer, reducing emissions in freight
transport has been the subject of particular monitoring and was
applied to the entire Group in 2012. A goal of a relative reduction
in emissions of 3.5% during the first year was validated, with the
target of achieving a reduction of 10% over three years.

Thanks to the good results obtained on long distance freight,
reductions in CO, emissions exceeded the target by reaching
14.80%, covering 81% of paid transportation.

Long distance freight

In 2012, the major players in the supply chain and logistics have
increased their efforts to reduce air freight in favor of sea transport
for long distance freight. In 2012, air freight tonnage represented
13.3% of joint air and sea tonnage, as against 17.9% in 2011 and
20% in 2010. The relative reduction in CO, emissions in this area
was 28%.

Short distance freight

In 2012, the performance was more mixed on the road carrier
portion and will require more targeted actions in 2013. Total CO,
emissions on road increased by 4.7%.

However, several initiatives have emerged. Of special note are:

the consolidation of shipments between the two warehouses
in England in November which — by reducing the number of
shipments by 13% — will generate a reduction in CO, emissions
of 157 tons per year;

a reduction in empty miles in the provision of trailers at the
distribution center in Leeds after optimizing loads allowed the
number of trailers used daily to be reduced from four to three,
saving 14 tons of CO, per year;

the use of the Alpine rolling highway from our warehouses at
Evreux (France) and Venaria (Italy) since June 2012, which has
already reduced CO, emissions by 13 tons over the last six
months of 2012.

3.3 Eco-Design

Participation in several key initiatives

In road transport, which produces the most significant portion of
Schneider Electric’s emissions, the Group continues to play an
active role in the Green Freight Europe initiative. Today, more than
70 supply chain and some shipping multinationals are involved
in this initiative that aims to promote a European framework to
address the issue of CO, transport emissions. Schneider Electric
is particularly involved in the working groups in charge of the
development of a tool for reporting carbon dioxide emissions on
a simple shared basis. Schneider Electric is also involved in Green
Freight Asia, which also promotes good practices in terms of
sustainable development in transport. Finally, Schneider Electric is
now in charge of the Transport & Environment Commission of the
AUTF (Association des Utilisateurs de Transport de Fret), marking
its strong involvement in France on the subject of sustainable
development in transport.

Special training on CO, emissions in transport

In 2012, two distance-training modules (e-learning) were prepared.
The first deals with climate warming in general and the harmful
effects of greenhouse gas emissions.

The second addresses the problem of CO, emissions in transport
and explains the actions Schneider Electric is taking in this area.
This module also explains the methodology used to measure our
CO, emissions in transport.

Finally, a third module consisting of an on-site training day was
designed to help managers of the transport activity to establish
action plans, mainly in the area of road transport.

Approach

While there is no general legal obligation on eco-design, the pressure
on the use of natural resources, climate change and respect for
biodiversity encourages the public and private players to mobilize
around these questions.

It is unusual for customers to explicitly specify environmental
criteria for a product, but having a “green supplier” is becoming a
prerequisite.

Global customers, particularly in the green construction or transport
sectors or the authorities, need support to implement their
environmental policies, especially to:

© calculate and reduce their carbon footprint;

© anticipate and ensure conformity with statutory provisions,
especially with regard to chemical products;

® facilitate eco-design of their products and services by supplying
all the appropriate information;

© reduce management costs of end-of-working-life installations for
the customer by optimizing recycling.

In order to continue and strengthen its commitment to sustainable
development and to be the first to supply its customers with all
the environmental information that they need, Schneider Electric
developed Green Premium — a unique eco-brand based on criteria
clearly defined either by law or by international standards. These
criteria include easily and globally accessible ad hoc environmental
information on its products.

A solution falls under the Green Premium branding if it satisfies the
four following criteria:

* complies with the RoHS European directive, i.e., it does not
include one of the six substances stated in this directive;

® contains information relating to the presence of Substances
of Very High Concern (SVHC) within the scope of the REACH
European regulation;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 65

2


--- Page 56 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

e has a Product Environmental Profile (PEP) providing a list
of materials, a recycling rate and a calculation of eleven
environmental impacts such as raw material and energy
consumption, carbon footprint and damage to the ozone layer;
this environmental profile is established over the whole product
life cycle, from manufacture to end of working life;

contains a guide identifying and locating the subsets or
components required for a particular recycling process, called
the End-of-Life Instruction (EoLl).

As part of its new Connect business program, Schneider Electric
is strengthening its eco-brand Green Premium and renewing its
communication through the Planet & Society Barometer.

Green Premium is the foundation of Schneider Electric's Eco-design
approach. Through knowledge of the substances in its offerings
and evaluation of environmental impacts, Green Premium allows
Schneider Electric to target and engage improvements in the
environmental footprint of its future offerings. Compliance to Green
Premium criteria also contribute to the conservation of biodiversity.

Action plans

Green Premium Eco-brand

The Schneider Electric Environment Marketing campaign was rolled
out during 2012, promoting the Green Premium eco-brand through:

the Schneider Electric electronic catalogue: the Green Premium
offerings are clearly identified and environmental information is
collected appropriately;

direct access from the Schneider Electric web portal: the Green
Premium web pages explain in detail Schneider Electric’s
approach and each environmental criterion addressed by
Green Premium;

a single “Check a Green Premium Product” web portal: ROHS:
compliance information, REACH content (SVHC - “Substance
of Very High Concern”), Product Environmental Profile and End-
of-Life Instruction are available on simple request regarding the
trade references of Schneider Electric. This information can also
be downloaded;

publication of the Green Premium white paper.

In 2012, more than 230 Product Environmental Profile (PEP)
documents and more than 130 End-Of-Life Instructions (EoL!)

were generated in addition to the hundreds of documents already
available.

Linked to more than 75% of revenue taken for the ROHS compliant
offers and with the REACH information available, Schneider Electric's
target was to consolidate this in 2012 with 65.5% of global product
sales made through Green Premium offers, based on 2011 sales.

The Check a Product website was checked worldwide on average
more than 3,000 times per month and more than 6,000 reference
products were checked monthly for their ROHS and REACH
environmental status and their PEP and EoL! environmental
information.

As part of the development of new Schneider Electric offerings,
Green Premium is an integral part of the creation and development
process for Schneider Electric's offers as a critical deliverable for
marketing product offers.

66 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Substance Management

Schneider Electric is subject to European environmental regulation,
with particular emphasis on the use of toxic substances.

The REACH regulation requires traceability of dangerous substances
and the RoHS directive requires elimination of six substances:
lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium, polybrominated
biphenyls (PBBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE).

Schneider Electric has implemented the RoHS and REACH
programs by applying these European regulations.

The RoHS program, started in 2006, aims to eliminate the six
substances from all products. By deciding to eliminate these
substances from all its products, whether or not affected by the
directive or sold on the European market or worldwide, Schneider
Electric has gone far beyond the directive’s requirements.

Efforts to bring products into compliance continued in 2012,
particularly for the new entities to have recently joined Schneider
Electric. For specific offers that have little to do with the scope of the
RoHS directive, such as the medium voltage equipment of Areva
Distribution activities, ROHS compliance will be continued during
the years to come. Any new offer is developed in compliance with
the RoHS directive.

Directives similar to the ROHS European directive are now in force or
being discussed in several countries. Schneider Electric’s decision
to generalize the application of the ROHS to all its products has
helped anticipate developments in regulations all over the world
and Schneider Electric is able to offer products which comply with
the RoHS directives on all its markets (China, India, South Korea,
Japan, etc.).

The REACH program, initiated in 2008, aims not only to ensure
that substances used by Schneider Electric and its subsidiaries
are registered and authorized for the applications in question, in
accordance with regulations, but also to specify the information
to be provided to customers about the presence and level of
Substances of Very High Concern in Schneider Electric products.

In 2012, the REACH program continued to take into consideration
the updates to the list of Substances of Very High Concern
published by the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA). At the
end of November 2012, the communication of the presence and
content of these substances included 84 hazardous substances.

The CRESCENDO project, initiated in 2011, which aims to
integrate substance management within our information systems,
was finalized in 2012 for implementation in 2013. The automation
of REACH and RoHS reports will accelerate the dissemination
of information to our customers while anticipating the impact of
obsolescence on our offerings.

Environmental information

The Green Premium eco-brand guarantees customers the
availability of environmental information relating to Schneider
Electric product offers such as the Product Environmental Profile
(PEP) or the End-of-Life Instruction (EoLl).


--- Page 57 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

As an integral part of the eco-design approach, the PEP program
provides customers with the environmental impact of products
during their life cycle according to the ISO 14040 standard. This
program applies to all offers developed by Schneider Electric.

This is an independent certification by the association
PEPecopassport, based on ISO 14025, and it provides an additional
level of rigor, reliability and transparency.

The EoLI program integrates the idea of recycling into the design
of products in order to promote recovery of end-of-life materials.
Schneider Electric has developed a design rules guide in order
to optimize end-of-life costs and the potential recycling rate of its
products.

These practices result in the publication of information and
recommendations to facilitate recycling of subsets or components
stated in the WEEE (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment)
European directive. Even though the vast majority of Schneider
Electric product offers do not fall under this directive, Schneider
Electric makes the End-Of-Life Instructions information sheets
available to its customers. This allows customers to identify and
locate the subsets or components so that they are able to recycle
them using suitable processes that are environmentally friendly.

Eco-Design Strategy

By focusing its efforts to improve the environmental footprint of its
offerings on the protection of people and the environment, climate
change and resource scarcity while addressing environmental issues
with its suppliers and its manufacturing processes and logistics,
in 2012 Schneider Electric consolidated its Eco-design strategy
in line with its Environment policy, its commitment to sustainable
development and the evolution of international directives and
standards.

Compliance with WEEE and equivalent legislation

A number of political commitments and regulations address
the issue of waste from electrical products. One example is the
European Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment directive
(WEEE), which has been transposed into law in each Member
State. Similar regulations have been adopted or initiated in Japan,
China, India and the United States.

The WEEE directive’s main objective is to increase the recovery
rate for the largest types of electrical waste, such as televisions,
refrigerators and lighting systems, as well as for short-lived IT and
telecommunication equipment. Industrial electrical and electronic
devices and electrical distribution equipment are only very
marginally concerned as of now. Under the directive, the equipment
manufacturer is responsible for setting up and financing dedicated
solutions to collect and process discarded equipment. The directive
sets minimum rates for recovery and recycling.

Schneider Electric is actively involved in a responsible approach
even though virtually none of its products are covered by the
directive.

As a responsible company, Schneider Electric must be able to
prove the existence of established end-of-life solutions. These must
be financed and certified for collecting, processing and recycling
end-of-life products in a way that respects both human health and
the environment.

Carried out in close cooperation with all Group partners, the
approach is deployed at the national level in each host country.
This involves identifying, certifying and in some cases organizing
solutions for processing waste from electrical equipment, with the
application of the appropriate indicators.

Green Plastic Program

This technological innovation program aims to make plastic parts
less hazardous to health and the environment in order to offer
products and solutions today in accordance with the principles of
sustainable development. In effect, plastic is present in almost all
Schneider Electric products and the amount of CO, equivalents
needed to produce the plastic is estimated at 550,000 tons per
year. The Green Plastic program is carried out in collaboration with
the businesses and the teams in charge of material purchasing
and design, and is part of the Group's actions for sustainable
development.

The program follows a unique strategy for each type of plastic
focusing around three successive progress plans. A “green” plastic
must therefore:

1. be exempt from potentially toxic substances and have an end-of-
life evaluation scenario that respects the environment (material or
energy);

2. come from a production sector that has low CO, use (recycled
plastic or plastic from renewable sources) and be capable of
limiting fossil fuel demand as well as energy and water;

3. come from a resource that does not compete with the food sector
either directly or indirectly, in the case that the Green Plastic
solution makes good use of a raw material from a renewable
source.

The added value that customers expect from “green” plastics lies
in two major areas:

© applications exempt from substances of very high concern,
particularly including non-PVC and non-halogen flame retardant
plastics product ranges;

© energy efficient or electric vehicle offers that use plastics with a
very low environmental impact.

Schneider Electric uses a partnership approach in order to make

progress in research in this area. The Group therefore participates

in collaborative platforms such as the Paristech Mines Bioplastics

Chair or the Axelera competitive clusters initiative (in sustainable

chemistry) and Plastipolis (in plastics engineering).

By actively participating in the Polywood project, Schneider
Electric has solidified its commitment to bio-plastics from non-food
resources. Under the acronym Polywood, this collaborative project
encompasses the development of a bio-refinery fueled by wood
by-products provided by the paper industry.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 67

2


--- Page 58 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

3.4 Eco-Production

Approach

Schneider Electric has rolled out the ISO 14001 certification for all
its manufacturing sites with more than 50 people and large tertiary
sites. All these sites contribute to reporting, and therefore to the
Group targets. The certification objective helps focus continuous
efforts to reduce the main environmental impacts of the sites,
shown in the table on pages 99-100:

© energy consumption;

© CO, emissions;

© amount of waste produced;

© percentage of waste recovered;

© consumption of water;

© VOC emissions (Volatile Organic Compounds).

Action plans

ISO 14001 certification of Group sites

As soon as the ISO 14001 environmental management standard
was published in 1996, Schneider Electric decided to certify its
sites. For several years the Group has demanded that all industrial
and logistic sites with more than 50 people be ISO 14001 certified
within two years of their acquisition or creation.

The extension of this internal directive to the major tertiary sites
was launched in 2010. The headquarters of the Group in France,
in Rueil-Malmaison, was certified in 2010. This extension was
reaffirmed for the 2012-2014 period for all tertiary sites with more
than 500 people.

At the Group level, the scope of certification covers about 70% of
employees.

The challenge for the coming years is to maintain this performance
level by certifying all the new industrial sites within two years of their
acquisition or creation and to continue the new certifications of
large tertiary sites.

Management of industrial consumption

Water consumption

The Group provides a detailed breakdown of water consumption
that takes into account groundwater and water from the public
network. Water drawn for the sole purpose of cooling and
immediately released without alteration are also monitored and
are subject to separate accounting from 2012, starting in 2012 by
the sites Carros (Nice) and TEC38 (Grenoble) and all relevant sites
from 2013.

Schneider Electric reports on the quantities of water consumed
by its sites on a six-monthly basis and monitors the per capita
consumption of water on a like-for-like basis in order to evaluate its
performance from one year to the next. From 2018, this reporting
will be monthly.

In 2012, the overall eco-production approach allowed the Group
to reduce its per capita consumption of water by 4.1% by the end
of 2012 in relation to 2011 on a like-for-like basis. The target of

68 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

3.3% has been exceeded. Water used for cooling at the Carros
(Nice) and 38TEC (Grenoble) sites is not included in this calculation
for 2012.

Water is not generally a critical resource in Schneider Electric’s
industrial processes.

Water is essentially used for sanitary purposes, sometimes for
cooling and in certain sites for surface treatment. In the latter case,
industrial water discharge is subject to treatment that is suitable
in terms of its pollutant potential and discharge into the natural
environment or in a plant subject to a monitoring plan.

As Schneider Electric industrial production is mainly based on
manual assembly processes or automatic processes for electrical
components and subsets, it has low water consumption and a
negligible impact on water quality.

Nevertheless, in 2011 the Group initiated an analysis of industrial
site positions relative to water stress in different regions throughout
the world using the WBCSD tool (World Business Council for
Sustainable Development).

The “Everblue” project was launched in 2012. This project aims to
better understand the uses of water within the Group, and therefore
its exposure to water-related risks, and to reduce consumption.
Particular attention is paid to the highest-consumption sites and
those located in areas of water stress, where the objectives of
reducing water consumption accompanied by specific action plans
are reviewed, site by site.

Energy consumption
See the Group's energy consumption action plans on pages 63-64.

Raw material consumption

Schneider Electric focuses on making its devices more compact
to conserve natural resources so that customers have more
environmentally friendly products to choose from. The Group
has developed design tools for managing thermal and electrical
constraints so that it can optimize the amount of materials required
in production. Each device’s Product Environmental Profile
(PEP) lists the materials used. To facilitate end-of-life processing,
Schneider Electric chooses materials that are easy to recycle and
clip-together components that are easy to disassemble. Life cycle
analyses and recyclability assessments also help the Group identify
areas for improvement.

For more information on the Schneider Electric global action plan
relating to PEP and to end-of-life instructions, see the Green
Premium chapter on pages 65-67. Also see the Green Plastic
program on page 67.

Schneider Electric's desire to reduce its environmental impact has
driven its focus towards the use of recycled raw materials. For
example, about 85% of cardboard used in Europe, 100% in Asia and
60% in North America comes from recycled material. With regard to
metals that Schneider Electric purchases on global markets, these
include recycled material from recovered waste. A UNEP (United
Nations Environment Program) report was published in 2011
addressing the situation with regard to metal recycling rates. On
a global level, 18 metals have a recycling rate of over 50%, among
which are lead, gold, silver, aluminum, tin, nickel, zinc, copper and


--- Page 59 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S COMMITMENT TO ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

iron, and 34 elements have a recovery rate below 1%, including
rare earth elements. The UNEP recommends that priority be given
to product design in order to facilitate disassembly and recovery
of metals at end of life and to emphasize recycling electrical and
electronic equipment (WEEE). Schneider Electric participates in the
recycling systems via the recovery of its own waste, with a target
of 85% in 2012, and the End-of-Life Instructions for its products.

Management of waste, emissions and industrial
pollution

Waste

Because waste is a major source of pollution but also a potential
source of raw materials, waste management is a priority in
environmental protection.

Most of Schneider Electric's waste is solid waste. Continuous
improvement plans have been deployed to manage this waste. This
approach is fully in line with the framework of ISO 14001 certification
that all Schneider Electric production and logistics sites worldwide
are required to follow.

The target of the One program 2009-2011 was to recover 85% of
hazardous and non-hazardous waste. In 2012, Schneider Electric
confirmed this objective. Because classification systems vary widely
from country to country, the Group does not consolidate global data
by category (hazardous and non-hazardous). Data is processed to
ensure local traceability. All waste is channeled to the appropriate
treatment facility.

Schneider Electric notes the quantities of waste produced and
recycled on a six monthly basis and monitors this production per
capita, on a like-for-like basis in order to evaluate its performance
from one year to the next.

The overall eco-production approach helped stabilize our production
of waste per capita in 2012 compared with 2011 on a comparable
basis and to increase the proportion of waste recycled from 83%
at the end of 2011 to 85.7% at the end of 2012 on a comparable
basis. This target of 85% was exceeded.

Conditions of use and contamination of soils

Virtually all Schneider Electric sites are located in urban or industrial
areas and do not affect any notable biotopes. None of the Group's
businesses involve extraction or landfarming.

No substances are purposely released into the soil in the course of
site operation. Workshop flooring at risk is given a waterproof seal
using a suitable treatment (resin retention). Hazardous substances
are systematically stored and handled in areas equipped with
retention tanks in compliance with regulations. As a result of
developments in legislation, retention systems are being designed
more and more to compensate in the event of malfunctions or
emergencies, such as fires.

In 2012 Schneider Electric conducted its annual review of pollution
risks at all manufacturing sites as part of ISO 14001 tracking. No
major incidents were reported in 2012.

Discharge into the water and air

Because Schneider Electric is mainly an assembler, its discharge
into the air and water is very limited. Mechanical component

production workshops are carefully monitored, in keeping with
their ISO 14001 certification. Their releases are tracked locally as
required by current legislation. No major spills or discharges were
reported in 2012.

Emissions of NOx and SOx and particles into the air are monitored
site by site according to their heating activity; monitoring of these
emissions is verified via ISO 14001 audits. Emissions are then
monitored by the site managers with respect to the thresholds
defined in local legislation and monitored by the heads of the
geographical areas (see SERE organization page 61). These
emissions are not subject to consolidation at Group level.

The COV emissions have been identified as representative of Group
levels and are therefore included in Group reporting.

Finally, the CFC and HCFC emissions are monitored through our air
conditioners in accordance with legislation. They are not linked to
our industrial activities.

Noise and odors
All Schneider Electric sites comply with noise and odor limits.

Environmental risk management and prevention

The ISO 14001 environmental management system covers
management of environmental risks. No Schneider Electric sites
are Seveso classified. The Group has continued to improve its
knowledge of its sites, mainly certain sites with a long industrial
history, by carrying out detailed analyses of their subsoils. On a
permanent basis, Schneider Electric also carries out voluntary
transactions to prevent discharges into the soil. As a result of all of
these actions, no compensation has been paid out in application of
the legal ruling in 2012.

In 2011-2012, a particular effort was dedicated to an independent
ground analysis of our oldest industrialized sites. No clean-up
action or rehabilitation has been identified as needing to be carried
out in the short term.

All of the Group’s industrial sites, which are ISO 14001 certified,
have procedures in place to prevent emergencies and respond
effectively if necessary. Preventive and corrective action plans are
based on an analysis of non-standard situations and their potential
impact. This analysis draws in part on hazard reviews for classified
installations.

In France, for example, certain sites that handle large amounts of
chemical compounds, such as Le Vaudreuil, MGA and 38 TEC,
are equipped with balloon-type containment systems to avoid any
pollution through the water systems; others, located next to a river,
have floating beams.

Drills are held regularly throughout the year to ensure that supporting
procedures are ready and effective.

A national organization has been set up to track sensitive sites.
Their managers systematically receive training in environmental
crisis management. Directives, procedures and national guidelines
concerning environmental crisis management, historical and
current operations management, pollution risk prevention and other
topics are available on the intranet. Internal audits verify that these
procedures are applied correctly.

See also p. 35-36 for the industrial and environmental risk factors.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 69

2


--- Page 60 ---

( > SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

> 4. Committed to and on behalf
of employees

41 Overview

all employees are treated equally on the basis of their skills,
. notably with regard to employment, recruitment, talent
Schneider Electric's people are critical to its success. The Group identification, mobility, training, remuneration, health and safety
motivates its employees and promotes involvement by making (common processes and policies);

the most of diversity, supporting professional development, and
ensuring safe, healthy working conditions.

Context and aims

particular emphasis is placed on communicating the Group's
broad strategic plans to the employees in order to enhance
Human Resources play a key role to support the development of individual participation;

Schneider Electric in the changing context of its activity. This growth
is characterized by a sustained internationalization, numerous

acquisitions, the increase of headcounts dedicated to selling
solutions and services, while maintaining a share of blue collars Schneider Electric encourages each employee to actively manage
close to 45%. their own career in collaboration with their line manager, their HR

manager and using the tools provided, particularly on the Group’s
Schneider Electric’s HR policy is founded on a strong sense of intranet. This allows each employee to play a key role in their own
commitment and shared services: performance and in their advancement.
© allofthe Group entities participate in the drawing up of HR policies
and in their application. This guarantees coherence and facilitates
consideration for local economic, legislative and cultural realities;

training is also a priority so that employees have the opportunity
to adapt to developments within the Company.

Three key performance indicators were set in the Planet and Society Barometer for the duration of the Connect program (2012-2014):

Objectives for Year-End-2014 2012 2011
1. 30% reduction in the Medical Incident Rate (VIR) -23% & -
2. 70% result in our Employee Engagement Index 55% & -
3. 30% women in our talent pool (~2,500 people) 27% & 23%
4.1 day of training for each employee every year * -
5. 300 sites recognized “Great place to work —- Cool sites” * -

The 2011 performance serves as a Starting value for the Planet & Society Barometer of the Connect program between 2012 and 2014.
4.2012 audited indicators.

* Ces indicateurs seront reportés a partir de 2013. Les outils nécessaires pour les mesurer sont mis en place en 2012.

Please refer to pages 92 to 94 for the methodological presentation of indicators and the following pages for the analysis of the results
(pages 71-72 for indicator 1, 73 for indicator 2, 78 for indicator 3, 75 for indicator 4 and 73 for indicator 5).

Organisation ¢ HR Solutions creates and develops comprehensive solutions
to the organization's strategic challenges in key areas, such as
Since 2009, the Human Resources Department has been structured compensation, benefits, human capital development, training
around three principal roles to better respond to their missions: and performance management. Regional teams are leveraged to
© HR Business Partner assists managers on a day-to-day basis in effectively shadow the Group's globalised operations;
setting out their business strategies and in assessing the human e HR Operations handles the logistics and administrative
resource requirements needed to meet their business targets. responsibilities relating to payroll, sourcing, mobility and training
HR Business Partner also plays a pivotal role in anticipating programs, mainly through shared service centres designed to
skill requirements and employee development, and in the optimize efficiency and costs.

management of employee relations;

70 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 61 ---

In 2012, the Group created a more coherent HR Business Partner
(HRBP) structure for front offices at a country level. With this step, all
HRBPs supporting front office businesses reported to the Country
HR. The Group put this structure in place for improved coverage
and consistency and for access to a broader local job market.
These HRBPs will have a dotted line to their business (line or HR)
to respect and represent what is specific about that business. The
same model has been applied to Finance Business partners.

Business Partners remain attached to the relevant Finance and
HR SVP/VP or Line Manager for:

© Supply Chain;

e R&D;

® Global Functions;
* Lines of business.

Regional roles have not been immediately impacted but will be
reviewed by the Group to see if adaptation is necessary.

HR Goes digital

In 2012, The Group has deployed a robust, fully integrated, and
global set of HR Information Systems to more efficiently and
effectively deliver the Total Employee Experience to our global
workforce. HR is going digital to better deliver a consistent and high
quality set of HR Offers to our employees regardless of where they
operate around the globe.

Collectively, our HR digital platform provides a set of best in class
tools combined with state of the art analytics and a highly user
friendly experience so that we can fully empower and leverage
more efficient and effective decision-making at all levels within the
organization. Our HR digital platform includes the following systems:

* TalentLink Recruitment: is the new best-in-class Recruitment
Solution enabling us to better attract world class talent and
also provide employees with a single platform to access new
job opportunities around the world so that they can grow
their careers;

4.2 Employee health and safety

Approach

Schneider Electric sets high standards for the management of the
occupational Health & Safety (H&S) of our employees. We have not
only established safe working conditions but utilize our programs
and processes, such as our Schneider Production System, to
improve upon our workplace safety and lead the way for safe work
practices and directives on a global basis. Our guiding principles
include the following:

® recognize workplace hazards to employee H&S and either
eliminate each hazard or implement a hierarchy of controls to
protect employees from each hazard;

© standardize on and communicate a set of global directives for
the safe manufacture, assembly, and distribution of our products;

¢ share best Health & Safety practices throughout all Schneider
Electric locations, our business partners, and those interested in
improving the quality of life at their workplace.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

© TalentLink Performance: is our new best-in-class Human Capital
Management Solution enabling us to better achieve and realize
a high performing organization through a robust set of Goal,
Performance and Talent Management, Compensation and other
Workforce Administration applications;

My LearningLink: is our best-in-class Learning Management
System enabling us to better develop our talent and easily
provide employees with access to thousands of eLearning and
other training courses so they can further their own individual
career development.

Highlights of 2012

© Implementation of a company-wide digitization program which
included Human Resources Department globally, thus digitizing
the scope of HR offerings and creating efficiencies for the
department.

Indexation of the performance incentives for Executive Committee
members to sustainable development targets, chosen according
to their field of work (since 2011), particularly the implementation
of social policies by Human Resources; extension in 2012 to the
Country Presidents of the five major countries.

Launch of a new Planet & Society Barometer over the period
2012-2014: the Frequency Rate of accidents, which had
exceeded its target in 2011, is still tracked internally and has
been replaced in the Barometer by the Medical Incident Rate;
same approach with the Employee Engagements Index, a
global standard index on employee engagement, replacing the
employee recommendation score, which will still be tracked
internally; three new HR indicators are added: addressing
diversity, with the percentage of women in our talent pool, training
for all, with the ambition to achieve one day of training for every
employee every year, and engaging workplaces with the launch
of a program called “Cool sites” worldwide.

° A strong decrease of the Medical Incident Rate (MIR), due to
OHSAS new certifications, training and protection measures.

Action plans

2012 has been a focal year for strengthening our Health & Safety
commitment under a global structure. The first and foremost
action for the H&S team was the implementation of a process for
program standardization and communication, the results of which
include the launch of a new global H&S employee handbook, global
H&S directives, global H&S training courses and a global Safety,
Environmental & Real Estate (SERE) website. Additional actions
included:

© a major revision of the Schneider Production System with input
from the Schneider Electric H&S team, with the emphasis on
the standardization of the best H&S practices and continuous
improvement;

© continuing emphasis on the implementation of occupational H&S
management systems and certifications such as OHSAS 18001
certification;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC / 1

2


--- Page 62 ---

( > SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

© selection and implementation of a new data collection and
management system for the collection and analysis of workplace
occupational health, safety & environmental metrics and events.
The system has been selected (named “GlobES”) and the metrics
and events modules are scheduled to debut in 2013.

Objectives

Schneider Electric is using three primary indicators to measure
their occupational health & safety performance. The first of these
indicators is the Medical Incident Rate (MIR) which measures the
number of medical cases per million of hours worked. This measure
allows for a deep evaluation of workplace hazards, and the resulting
corrective actions assist in the elimination of recurring incidents and
the prevention of injury. Schneider Electric has used the MIR as
a key performance indicator on a global basis since 2010 with a
target to reduce the MIR by 10% year over year.

The second and third indicators are the Lost-time Incident Rate
(LTIR) and the Lost-time Day Rate (LTDR) respectively. These two
indicators are globally standardized versions of the Frequency Rate
(FR) and Seriousness Rate (SR) used in the past. By standardizing
on the two terms it allows for consistent definitions that can be
implemented on a global basis. The LTIR measures the number
of medical cases that incur lost-time work days per million hours
worked. These lost-time cases are indicators of a more serious type
of medical case. The seriousness of these cases is indicated by the
LTDR which measures the number of days lost due to the lost-time
medical cases per million hours worked. Both the LTIR and LTDR
are presented this year in place of the FR and SR. Both indicators
also have a target reduction of 10% year over year.

The FR and SR reported in 2011 have been reworked to the current
LTIR and LTDR definitions for use in comparing the results for 2012.
Beginning of 2013, a downward restatement of the MIR has been
done, taking into account errors that have been revealed thanks
to the audit work of extra-financial data 2012. The MIR 2011 is
not 4.77 as stated in the Registration Document 2011, but 4.49.
Therefore the 2012 results for MIR, LTIR and LTDR are as follows:

© MIR 2011 = 4.49; MIR 2012 = 3.44; net reduction of 23%;
© LTIR 2011 = 2.06; LTIR 2012 = 1.42; net reduction of 31%;
© LTDR 2011 = 56.00; LTDR 2012 = 47.98; net reduction of 14%.

Certifications

In 2009, Schneider Electric began the implementation of
occupational health and safety management systems that meet
or exceed the requirements of ILSO/OHSAS 18001 standards.
In 2011, the Group revised the requirement to specifically include
certification to OHSAS 18001 (or equivalent) at 100% of its
manufacturing and logistics sites (sites with more than 50 people
and within two years of creation or acquisition). The deployment
of this program is tracked at regional level through the SERE
organisation and is 74% complete at end of 2012.

72. 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Training and Communication

Training and communication continue to be key components of the
Health & Safety program at Schneider Electric. We are committed
to providing awareness level and task specific training for our
employees and contractors to ensure a strong knowledge base to
work safely. In 2012, additional global safety courses were added
to the safety training program housed first in the GSC Academy and
then moved to the new global training database, My Learning Link,
which tracks course requirements and course completions.

Communications have expanded on a global basis with the
implementation of the new Safety, Environmental & Real Estate
(SERE) global website. This website has become the main access
point for all H&S material. Regional newsletters, global performance
results, SERE alerts, training material and more can be found on
the website, strengthening the H&S ties between countries and
regions.

Focus on stress management

Stress at work is managed by the Human Resources organisation
within the Group. Effective measures are in place locally to address
stress reduction in the workplace. In North America for example,
Human Resources promote stress reduction via incentives and
communications on the healthy lifestyle program in place (exercise,
proper diet, smoking cessation, stress management, preventative
medicine, etc.) which is encouraged both on and off the job. In
Asia Pacific, Human Resources promote stress reduction via health
lecture, yoga class, sport club, stretching program and annual
health welfare.

In France, a special program is in place regarding psychosocial
risks induced by stress at work, with the identification and the
address of risk factors. Schneider Electric has developed and
deployed a management tool to prevent psychosocial risks. It
includes a training module, a collection of indicator and a reading
guide to identify factors contributing to psychosocial risks in a work
organisation. So far, 39 sites have received training, 28 are under
diagnoses, and 25 are implementing corrective action plans. A
second management tool is deployed to maintain employment for
people with occupational health problems and prevent the sources
of work stress that may impact physical and mental health. An
agreement on the prevention of the psychosocial risks has been
signed by the management and unions and defines a framework for
the action plans to deploy within Schneider Electric Industries and
Schneider Electric France. The awareness of employees, managers
and PH is a priority of the training plan 2013. Training paths were
create and adapted according to the needs of the businesses.

Accomplishments

Schneider Electric continues to receive high recognition both
externally and internally for its strong Health & Safety program
Recognition for 2012 included more than 200 awards from
the National Safety Council for Schneider Electric sites around
the globe.


--- Page 63 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

4.3 Employee engagement and talent attraction

Approach

Schneider Electric is working to become the “best company” to
work for, as rated by its employees, and conducts a survey of
employee satisfaction every quarter.

The Group also is looking to establish a strong name as an employer
and is communicating around its Employer Value Proposition, which
are closely aligned with the values of the Schneider Electric brand.

Total Employee Experience

The Total Employee Experience program is a collaborative approach
that empowers all employees at every stage of their careers. The
Group's employees have the power to influence their own success,
and the Total Employee Experience program allows them to take
ownership of their direction. Total Employee Experience provides
managers with the tools to manage motivated employees and
provides Human Resources to play a strategic role in building a
thriving global organisation, in the spirit of the Group.

Action plans

Employee satisfaction

Set up in 2009, the One Voice internal satisfaction survey is carried
out on a quarterly basis to take the organization's pulse worldwide.
The survey methodology used is similar to that used to measure the
Group's customer satisfaction.

Specifically, all employees are asked to fill out a short questionnaire
evaluating their engagement and their willingness to recommend
Schneider Electric as a model employer. This process helps
the Group identify key avenues for improving major employee
engagement factors.

Analyzed by country and by unit, the survey results help to steadily
improve employees’ commitment to processes and projects, whose
proper execution is crucial to both successfully implementing the
Group's strategy and satisfying its customers.

A key performance indicator for the Group, registered in the
Planet & Society Barometer, was to increase by 14 points the
Company's employee recommendation score between 2009
and 2011. At the end of 2011, the goal was exceeded with
32 points of increase.

In 2012, new questions have been added to the survey that gives
the Group a detailed Employee Engagement Index. This new index,
based on six standard questions, enables us to compare ourselves
with the best employers in our industry and with the best employers
in key regions of the world. In 2012, the Employee Engagement
Index at Group level is 55%, above the industry average (53%).
The Employee Engagement Index has been included in the
Planet & Society Barometer 2012-2014.

The One voice survey is now part of the culture of the Company
and gives the opportunity to all employees to send regular feedback
to the organisation and their managers. That is why one of the key
results is the percentage of our employees aware of an action plan

after the survey. In 2012, we improved by 24 points the number of
our employees aware of an action plan from 44% at end of 2011
(for email population) to 68% at end of 2012, the most significant
result for the year. A lot of efforts have been done to educate entities
and managers to organize focus groups and feedback sessions.
For instance, the Women Initiative (structured action plan to develop
and support women and educate leaders on gender diversity)
started with a focus group with a clear objective: understand how
to better engage talented women. The impact of this initiative on
engagement measured was huge, increasing from 53% to 61%.

One of the key initiatives launched this year to improve employee
engagement was the “Cool Site” program, a program to push
innovative and distinctive actions for employees at site level

Cool sites program

The Cool Sites program, which helps the Group's offices develop
workplaces (sites) that are attractive, inspiring, and energizing for
employees, is supported under the “Connect People”, “Engaging
Workplace” program. A first measure of the number of cool sites
has been done at end of 2012: the Cool Sites target of 60 sites
(representing 20,500 employees) has been exceeded, with 82 Cool
Sites in 25 countries representing a headcount of 33,600 employees.
This indicator has been included in the Planet & Society Barometer,
with the first measures published and audited from 2013.

Employer Value Proposition

After launch in 2008 as part of the One program, the drive to deploy
a strong employer brand was stepped up from 2009. Schneider
Electric becomes a distinctive employer of choice. It is recognized
as a highly attractive global company offering a friendly, flexible,
creative and dynamic work environment, ensuring the development
of its people and the sustainable development of the Planet and
Society. Schneider Electric's Employer Value Proposition creates
the emotional link with Schneider brand value which enables to
attract diverse young potentials and professionals.

Universum rankings - Global top 50 World’s Most
Attractive Employers

Universum is a research company that helps global corporations
understand their employer branding positioning in each country they
are operating. Universum annually surveys over 300,000 students
regarding their career preferences, career goals and image
perception of their ideal employers. The study is conducted in
27 countries and involves more than 1,500 universities. In 2011,
Schneider Electric participated for the first time in Universum
ranking survey in business and engineering schools. In 2012,
Schneider Electric has entered into the top 50 “World's Most
Attractive Employers” by Universum (engineering category).

In March 2012, Universum announced its 2012 “Best Climber”:
Schneider Electric France was rewarded for quickly moving from
the 102nd position in 2011 to the 80th in 2012 in business schools
ranking in France.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC /3

2


--- Page 64 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

G3

Top Employers 2012 certification seal

The Group is one of the 39 French companies awarded the Top
Employers 2012 certification seal by the Corporate Research
Foundation Institute.

The Corporate Research Foundation Institute defines the qualitative
criteria used to qualify employers of choice, and identifies and
awards the certification seal to leading organizations in the areas of
HR, leadership and strategy. The main qualitative criteria are:

© remuneration practices (primary benefits);

® secondary benefits and working conditions;
© training and development;

© talent management and career development;
© company culture.

S1Job Inc. awards in China

In 2012, the Group recorded two HR awards in China: it has been
selected as a winner of both the 2012 Best Training and Best HR
Strategy categories of a program sponsored by 51job Inc., the
leading integrated human resources service provider in China.

Partnerships with universities

Since 2011, multiple partnerships have been set up with the world’s
largest universities, including Moscow Power Engineering University,
Cairo University, INSEAD, HEC, ParisTech, Supelec, BMS College
of Engineering (Bangalore), Shanghai JiaoTong University, Peking
TsingHua University, University of Toronto, University of California
Berkeley and Northwestern University Kellogg. In 2012, more joint
effort with global target schools were made, business and HR
leaders were actively involved in students visits, campus promotion
was done in the area of energy management.

44 Fostering talent and competence

Connect company program initiatives such as digitization,
simplification, growing services business or customized supply
chain, etc., demand ongoing adaptation and skills enhancement.
Training, therefore, is at the heart of Schneider Electric's Human
Resources policy.

Approach

Schneider Electric global Talent Acceleration program is designed
to increase the Group’s talent pool and develop diversity, in
accordance with the Connect company program.

In 2012, this program continued to focus primarily on new
economies but also on enhancing managerial ability to identify and
mentor employees that show exceptional potential.

To this end, performance management tools were deployed at
all levels of the Group’s organization. These include individual
skill reviews, annual performance appraisals, mid-year reviews
to assess progress and adjust targets, and “people reviews”,
All of these resources help the Group continuously monitor and
accurately evaluate individual as well as collective performance, and
identify high potentials. The use of these tools has made for more

74 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Go Green in the City

Launched in 2011 by Schneider Electric, Go Green in the City is an
international case challenge for university business and engineering
students around the world to find clever solutions for energy
management. It is well-recognized as a global employer branding
initiative to attract female graduates for internship or recruitment
in 9 strategic countries: Brazil, Russia, India, China, France, USA,
Germany, Turkey and Poland; and in more than 90 targeted schools.

As in its first year, in 2012 candidates were asked to present a case
study on the subject of energy solutions in the city. In pairs, with
at least one woman, students must propose viable solutions of
energy management in five key areas of a city: residential areas,
universities, trade, water and hospitals. The best proposals will
reconcile increased demand for energy, social progress and
environmental protection.

Schneider Electric Career Portal - TalentLink
Recruitment

As part of the project to centralize the Group's existing websites
and portals, Schneider Electric Career Portal has been updated
in the form of TalentLink Recruitment to more effectively attract all
categories of potential candidates including the internal job market
amongst current employees. Particular emphasis is placed on the
Group's specialization in energy management. Promoting a strong
employer brand in this way has helped to position Schneider
Electric as a globally recognized benchmark employer, capable of
both attracting the best talent and mobilizing all employees around
a set of shared values that are aligned with the Group's strategic
development.

Objective and individualized decision-making in the area of career
management, remuneration and recognition.

Furthermore, Learning Strategy Consulting Process was deployed
in 2012, which help all major business units and functions to create
learning strategies aligned with the strategic workforce plans and
Connect program. These strategies link business priorities to
required learning solutions for critical competencies.

Action plans

3E Program

Schneider Electric implemented the “3E” program to foster optimal
skills development. It involves relevant work experience (Experience),
managerial coaching and feedback structures (Exposure) and
appropriate training investment (Education).


--- Page 65 ---

The Group's aim is to give all employees the opportunity to draw up
a personalized skills and career development plan in collaboration
with their managers with career and competencies reviews. A 3E
tool which guides employees & managers in selecting 3E activities
was also deployed to some countries.

Schneider Electric University

Schneider Electric University offers courses that build knowledge
and skills across the organization in technical, solutions, supply
chain, and leadership competencies. All of this training is offered
through a blended learning of class room and e-learning facilities. All
training modules are assessed by the participants on the quality of
the content, the teachers, the format and related logistics.

Eight Group campuses worldwide are dedicated to employee
training: the US (Chicago and Boston), France (Rueil-Malmaison
and Grenoble), China (Beijing), India (Bangalore), Brazil (Sao Paulo),
and Russia (Moscow).

“One Champion” e-learning portal and “My Learning Link”
The One Champion e-learning portal was launched in 2009 to
ensure that all Schneider Electric employees have access to the
same e-learning programs. It has served this objective well through
the years: In 2012, around 30,300 employees consulted One
champion, compared to 14,000 in 2011, a 117% increase. But the
time has come for it to be replaced by a global cloud computing
platform covering all our employees and training contents.

My Learning Link

In 2012 we purchased and installed a global platform so that
Schneider Electric employees all over the world can have access
to learning. My Learning Link is not only a direct replacement to
One Champion, but also integrate e-learning, webinars, social
learning & classroom learning under one platform. This will bring
the standardization of all entitles, functions and geographies under
one learning platform, replacing more than 14 different systems in
use. Plans are also being worked on to extend this platform to our
partners and customers.

The deployment will happen in phases until end 2013:

© since September 2012, 120,000 employees can access more
than 500 e-learning modules;

e since December 2012, our North America Operations, IT
Business (globally) also successfully migrated their classroom
and webinars management onto My Learning Link;

© China Operations in the same context goes live on January 1%2013.

We aim to complete the full global deployment of these functionalities
by the end of 2013.

From September to December 2012, 11,000 people have already
connected to this new My Learning Link platform and completed
28,000 training modules representing more than 24,000 hours of
on-line learning.

In line with our Connect initiative to lower our carbon footprint, a
number of programs were launched in 2012 to increase adoption
of e-learning. More than 80 learning paths have been created from
these courses to develop soft skills in different fields.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

This platform will progressively become the single global Schneider
learning offer repository and will give, besides e-learning, access
as well to in-class and web-based instructor led training sessions.
In 2012, My Learning Link is already covering all learning types of
training in North America as well as global certification paths.

This new platform is instrumental to develop the skills of our
workforce at all levels, supporting business strategies by targeted
learning activities as well as enabling them to become a stronger
actor in their own development.

Engaged Individuals

As a part of Connect program, Engaged Individuals program
was launched. The objective of the program was to create an
environment where individuals take charge of their own career. As
apart of the program, a global Mentoring program was launched in
October 2012. Mentoring philosophy, tools and training have been
launched and are being implemented globally.

In Connect program, a specific initiative has also been launched to
foster internal mobility. Schneider Electric has made its internal job
postings visible to most of the employees through the TalentLink
recruitment tool. This tool is planned to be fully deployed in 2013.
The mobility guidelines have been communicated to accelerate
the cross entity mobility which is measured by a yearly KPI. To
encourage mobility at different levels, several mobility committees
have been set up at country levels. The Group has also started to
design career paths for some key functions to give visibility to the
employees.

Engaging Leaders

Another key component of Connect is the Engaging Leaders
program. In order to help foster more employee engagement,
Schneider Electric is focusing on helping leaders become more
“engaging leaders” and drive employee engagement. With this
program, we launched the “8 Schneider Electric Leadership Habits”.
These leadership habits are focused on managing people to create
high performing teams. In addition to the leadership habits, the
Group launched two programs, one focusing on creating a stronger
feedback culture, and the second on redesigning our Leadership
Competencies.

Energy & Solutions University

The HR organization in charge of Learning & Development
partnered with the Solutions & Strategic Customers Department
and the business leaders to develop the Energy & Solutions
University, in order to accelerate the development of strategic
skills in solutions and services. Certifying career paths are offered
to employees (account managers, sales representatives, solutions
architects, projects and services teams, etc.). At end of 2012,
3,501 people in 60 countries have received a certification and more
than 10,000 people are enrolled in the certification path.

Leadership Development

“One Leadership”, a suite of programs addressing the learning
needs of managers and regional talents, was deployed on a
global level by the Leadership Academy. During 2012, about
3,300 managers from all countries participated in the different offers
for managers and senior managers.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC /5

2


--- Page 66 ---

( > SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

“LEAP”, the entity and regional high potential program of One
Leadership, has received great feedback from participants and
business leaders, in particular on the 3E approach (Experience,
Exposure and Education) and on the real business problem solving.
About 300 participants joined these regional cross-entity programs.

During 2012, we launched a newly redesigned executive
development program, “Lead to Achieve, Impact and Inspire.”
Combining our previously three separate programs for emerging
leaders, mid-level high potentials, and senior high potentials, we
developed 260 of our top high-potential talents. The new program
focuses on the development leaders need at each of the three levels
with a focus on people leadership skills. As part of the program, the
participants work on cross-functional and cross-generational teams
to address business challenges faced by Schneider Electric as part
of the Connect transformation.

Other functional skills development

Our global training offers are designed by the “Academies”
in close cooperation with business leaders. In addition to
Solutions & Leadership skills development, Schneider Electric has
initiatives in key functional areas such as:

© Global Supply Chain (GSC): The Global Supply Chain Academy
was set up to provide every supply chain professional the
opportunity to learn and develop their functional knowledge,
capability and competencies in the six domains of Customer
Satisfaction & Quality, Manufacturing, Purchasing, Logistics,
Safety, Environment, and Industrialization. In 2012, the Group
strengthened the Supply chain academy which has now
members in each geography in order to better design an offer
adapted to local constraints and present it to local entities.
5,500 GSC employees have been trained, a 120% increase
from 2011. Each white collar employee spent an average of
2.7 hours on e-learning;

45 Anticipating workforce needs

The business growth of Schneider Electric, its ever expending
locations, and the shortage of critical skills available on the market
inspired the Group to create a small team dedicated to Strategic
Workforce Planning in 2011. This team’s mission is to create a
practical framework which flows from the organizational strategy
and links operational HR execution to the medium and long term
business needs.

The aim is to enhance management practices so that leaders have
a practice of anticipating their workforce needs and develop their
employees to address the future business challenges.

The solution transformation and geographic expansion created a
sense of urgency around creating an HR practice comfortable with
anticipating the future competency and headcount gaps needed
to capture the market of tomorrow. With that in mind, the Strategic
Workforce Planning team has a responsibility to build skills and
confidence in this methodology with strategic planners, business
leaders, financial controllers and HR staff.

In 2012 we have extended and made our approach more systematic
to help more leaders anticipate the workforce and competencies

76 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

© research & development: The Offer Creation Academy addresses
the competency needs of the Offer Creation Process (OCP) to
ensure the right competency levels of R&D employees globally.
Our range of learning offers cover the entire OCP lifecycle,
addressing skills such as project management, design & testing,
R&D processes, software tools, etc. The Group is also
increasingly focusing on building learning offers around software
development competencies. Around 3,500 people have been
trained during the year 2012 with the Offer Creation Academy
learning solutions with a high level of satisfaction;

transactional sales: The Sales Excellence Academy focuses
on the sales competencies needed to support transactional
business, which is also undergoing transformational changes
driven for example by EcoStruxure. The Professional Sales
Leadership program, targeting more than 2,000 sales managers
addressing their roles as strategist, coach and communicator,
was piloted and deployed in 2012. Another new instructor led
course, which addresses negotiation skills and targeting 16,000
sales people, was piloted in 2012 and is ready for deployment
in 2013. In addition, with the deployment in 2013 of the new
global learning management system, My Learning Link, a large
variety of e-learning on sales related topics will now be available.

Innovation in training

Collaborative Learning: A number of learning communities
were launched in 2012 utilizing web social media tools to build
collaborative learning groups as part of a learning program. These
groups were centered on communities such as New Hires, Action
Learning Project Teams, etc. The learning the Group has derived
will be used to build upon further iterations in 2013.

needed to support business evolutions. We did it at global level
for the Executive Committee and also in 15 countries across most
businesses and Functions. In the frame of Connect company
program, leaders have been made in charge of anticipating the
evolution of their workforce and preparing their people to these
changes.

Approach

The changing economic conditions around the world have caused
Schneider Electric to develop a workforce planning methodology
which is agile enough to adjust based on today’s results while
maintaining alignment with the organization's long-term strategic
direction.

Strategic Workforce Planning provides a framework to help the
businesses manage change and risk through simulating factors
out of their control and developing strategies and responses to
mitigate that risk. It helps the leaders deal with the unknown
and rehearse how they might adapt to future events through
decisions they make today.


--- Page 67 ---

The availability of talent globally is vital to the execution of the Group's
medium and long term strategy. As the business of Schneider
Electric evolves, the talent needs become increasingly complex.
With workforce planning, Schneider Electric is able to segment
talents and focus on the building of new, critical competencies
which will be the core competencies of tomorrow. Schneider
Electric is also able to focus on critical roles for the medium and
long term and ensure that it has a process to develop, hire and
retain talent in those key areas.

The stakes for new and mature economies are different, but the
approach to strategic workforce planning is dynamic enough to
handle both situations

In mature economies, the strategic workforce planning challenges
come in different forms: ageing workforce, need for new
competencies in renewable energy, energy management services. ..
These challenges give Schneider Electric the opportunity to deliver
on strategic moves by building the key competencies to anticipate
the workforce of tomorrow.

In new economies, rapid inflation means Schneider Electric has to
be deliberate about how much space it makes available for hiring
and it has to be agile enough to develop new talents.

46 Diversity

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

The Group also zooms on key competencies and new regions
which are requiring fast development.

Action plans

The Strategic Workforce Planning approach is based on the
principle that Schneider Electric must translate various financial,
strategic and human capital factors into a coherent and sustainable
workforce plan. To accomplish this goal, business leader, financial
and HR partners have to work together.

The starting point for workforce planning is the business’ strategic
plan. Strategic Workforce Planning identifies the key elements of the
business plan which impact the workforce in the medium and long
term. It analyses planned strategic initiatives and makes scenarios
based on the expected revenue changes. Finally, it looks at financial
constraints.

In 2011, Strategic Workforce Planning has developed a robust
method and tools that have been well received from business units
managers, finance as well as HR. It also launched pilots around
the world

Approach

Since 2002, diversity and equal employment opportunity have been
an integral part of Our Principles of Responsibility, and have been
inspired by the Company's vision:

talented and diverse workforce is a key competitive advantage;

the wide array of perspectives that results from such diversity
promotes innovation and business success;

in treating all people with respect and dignity, we strive to create
and foster a supportive and understanding environment in which
all individuals realize their maximum potential within the Company,
regardless of their differences.

By promoting the integration of new talents and a wide range of
skills, diversity represents a source of innovation, performance
and competitiveness: over and above this observation, Schneider
Electric intends to move beyond its simple promotion to take a
pragmatic approach to the management of diversity day by day.

Diversity and equal employment opportunity are enshrined in the
Connect company program, with two primary objectives:

© strengthen the role of managers in rolling out the Group's diversity
strategy;

* consolidate the place of equal employment opportunity in HR
management practices.

Agreements in France

In 2004, Schneider Electric France formalized its commitments
to equal employment opportunity in a first company agreement,
renewed and signed the Diversity Charter.

In 2007, Schneider Electric was awarded France's Equality Label
and signed the Parenthood Charter the following year.

Gender diversity

© Equal Employment Opportunity Agreement (since 2004 and
renewed in 2012);

© Equality Label (since 2007 and renewed in 2010);

© Parenthood Charter (launched in 2008).

Disability

© Disability Agreement (since 1987 and renewed end 2012 for the
2013-2015 period).

Age diversity

© Senior Agreement (since 2010);

© Apprenticeship Agreement;

Diversity of origin (social, cultural, nationality, backgrounds,

etc.)

© Espoir banlieue plan (promotion of employment opportunities for
young people from underprivileged areas);

¢ Partnership with the Nos Quartiers ont du Talent association
(“Our neighborhoods have talent”);

° 100 chances — 100 emplois program for professional integration
of youth suffering from discrimination (see page 91).

Action plans

Several global processes have been developed to support
Schneider Electric's diversity policy:

© People Review process to detect talent and promote equality and
diversity at all levels of the Company, ensuring that professional
development is based on equality. In 2011, the people review
process was extended to all Schneider Electric entities, including
latest acquisitions, enabling the Company to use a single process

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC //

2


--- Page 68 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

and ensuring, by this way, that all employees have the same
means to manage their development and career;

talent pool to foster talent development throughout the world and
the access of women to key positions;

recruitment policies, succession planning, access to training,
talent and promotion management, which pay particular attention
to gender balance and new economies representation;

trainings leading to diplomas and qualifications for OATAM
employee categories (Manual Workers, Administrative
Employees, Technicians and Foremen), which impact is major
on promotion and remuneration of women, particularly manual
workers and assistants;

working session trainings on diversity for members of the
Executive Committee and their management teams;

on-line training program dedicated to the promotion of diversity,
launched globally in 2009.

Gender balance

In its diversity policy, Schneider Electric lays particular emphasis on
equal career management for men and women as the best means
to develop the values and skills required to meet the economic and
societal challenges of the 21st Century. Schneider Electric shares
the conviction that gender differences in the workplace (leadership
style and personality among others) complement each other, foster
innovation and provide a wealth of benefits to its customers.

From an operational point of view, the strategy consists of:

© promoting women in the talent pool and in positions of key
responsibility;

© ensuring equal access to training and developing the conditions
for genuine diversity in the workplace;

* curtailing average wage differentials by allocating a specific
annual budget (in France — see below);

© creating favourable working conditions for both men and women
by adopting measures designed to enhance work-life balance.

At global level, The Women Initiative has been launched with four

main pillars:

ensuring that our HR processes and KPIs are aligned with our
gender balance policy: for example, succession planning for key
positions in the Company must include at least one woman.
Along the same line, the promotion of women is monitored, as is
their participation in leadership development programs;

the development of women potential: A specific program,
“Women in leadership”, has been launched and deployed in three
regions (Asia, Europe and North America) with 108 women in
total; A partnership with European Professional Women Network
has been launched offering 60 women in six cities in Europe the
opportunity to be member of this organisation. Internal networks.
have been encouraged: set-up of new women networks in Brazil
and France (“Women’s Energy”);

leaders commitment:

— to cascade the Gender balance Executive Workshops (half day
seminars focusing on gender balance launched in 2010 with
the Executive Committee members and their teams), we have
launched a new wave with the Gender Workshop for leaders
targeting the Management Committees of the main entities

78 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

and main countries; this cascading process has started in Asia
end of 2012 with 150 leaders,

- in addition, we have launched the Mentoring for leaders
program involving all Executive Committee members and key
leaders: 52 key potential women have been mentored during
10 months;

sourcing and attractiveness: “Go Green in the City” international
case challenge for students (see page 74) is a Schneider Electric
initiative that helps attract female graduates for internship or
recruitment.

In 2012, within the 2,650 talented employees identified across the
Group, 27% are women (up 4 points compared to 2011).

In Connect People program, through 2012-2014, the percentages
of women in key positions and in the talent pool are key performance
indicators. The Planet & Society Barometer sets to have 30% of
women in the talent pool by the end of 2014.

Equal pay for women (France)

Salary equality is fundamental to the equality of treatment
that Schneider Electric is committed to guaranteeing for all its
employees, both male and female.

In France, this commitment has been put into action each year
since 2006 by allocating a budget (0.1% of the salary total)
dedicated to reducing male/female salary inequality. In 2011,
Schneider Electric decided to strengthen this and launched a large
campaign to analyze all remuneration by looking at competencies,
responsibilities and the professional pathway of each male and
female employee. This campaign has been renewed in 2012.
In 2011 and 2012, 536 salaries have been increased (857 women
and 179 men).

Nationalities

Schneider Electric has always promoted cultural diversity and
inclusion as a key enabler of the strategy.

In 2012:

six nationalities are represented within the Executive Committee
(French, American, German, British, Spanish, Chinese);

25% of Country Presidents are French, against 50% in 2003;
31% of Country Presidents based in Asia are French, against
60% in 2003;

23% of the expatriates are French, against 55% in 2003;

the number of nationalities has increased considerably, from 48
in 2003 to 93 in 2012.

These developments are a result of the Group's careful and
committed policy. In addition, Schneider Electric received the
Human Capital Award in 2011 within the Internationalization of
Management category, from among the CAC 40 companies.

Emphasis is also placed on representation of new economies within
the Group's talent pool: among the 2,650 high potential employees
identified at the end of the 2012 People Review process, 36% are
located within the new economies (up 6 points compared to 2010).
The share of talent coming from the new economies is a key
performance indicator established in the new company program for
the 2012-2014 period.


--- Page 69 ---

Disability (France)

Schneider Electric focuses on training and adapting workstations to
foster the independence of employees with a disability and to ensure
that all are accorded the same opportunities to succeed. Schneider
Electric is committed to ensuring maximum independence for
employees by adapting the organisation and workstations and
providing access to the best technologies available to compensate
for their disabilities. Schneider Electric also works on preventing
disabling situations.

All its teams cooperate to change behavior, improve practices, and
involve all personnel in actively providing equal opportunities for the
disabled:

the Recruitment and Mobility Unit utilizes partner firms and
monitors compliance with equal treatment at all stages of the
recruitment process;

the Occupational Health Department is responsible for
preventing individual and group disabling situations (ergonomics,
desktop adaptation, musculoskeletal risks...), retaining disabled
employees and disability compensation;

the Purchasing Department specifies its requirements to
temporary employment agencies and ensures compliance
with commitments in terms of subcontracting to the protected
employment sector.

Schneider Electric subcontracts to the Etablissements et Services
d’Aide par le Travail (ESAT — Assistance through Employment Entities
and Services) for industrial work, landscaping services, catering and
seminars. In Europe, the amount subcontracted to the protected
employment sector represents EUR40 million in 2012, including:
EUR16 million in France, EUR10.5 million in Spain, EUR4 million
in other Western Europe countries and EUR9.5 million in Eastern
Europe (Czech Republic and Hungary).

Schneider Electric signed its ninth Disability Agreement in France
in December 2012. The three-year Agreement is directed and
promoted globally and throughout the country through a network
of internal and external members (Purchasing Department,
Employment Management Department, Occupational Health
Department, Communication Department, corporate partners and
specialist agencies) with local rollout by “Disability Officers”.

In France, Schneider Electric recruits through work-study
programs for positions that are predominantly technical, and also
for service sector positions ranging from the Certificat d’Aptitude
Professionnelle (skills training certificate) to engineering degree
level. The Company aims at recruiting 20 persons with disabilities
each year: 15 on work-study contracts (learning and/or professional
development) and five persons on a fixed-term contract.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

In 2012, 14 people with disabilities were recruited on work-
study contracts and 3 on permanent contracts. In all, employees
with disabilities accounted for 6.05% of employment at
Schneider Electric in France in 2012, 2.89% of these in indirect
employment (subcontracting to the protected sector) and 3.16%
in direct employment. The mobilization of internal actors and the
co-creation of projects led to an improvement of practices; thus,
the objective of 6% set by the law was reached for the third year
inaraw.

Schneider Electric in 2012 committed to a voluntary approach within
the scope of the disability agreement to improve all of its industrial
and tertiary establishments in France and make them accessible. In
compliance with the French law of 2005 promoting the principal of
equal access to all and for all, the program anticipates:

© carrying out an assessment of the situation on existing sites;
ensuring compliance with legislation and going beyond;

anticipating future construction and renovation projects;

making expert occupations more professional in terms of
disability access;

constantly working for improvement using a measurement
indicator: the accessibility index.

This project covered 25 establishments in 2011 and 32 entered the
program in 2012.

Generational diversity (France)

Within the scope of the agreement on seniors, Schneider Electric
has implemented an interview for the second half of a career called:
“The Outlook Meeting”.

This is a voluntary meeting for employees on their 45th birthday.
The Outlook Meeting takes place in two stages:

an outlook stage with an Apec consultant (Management
Employment Agency) that aims to help the employee to plan for
the second half of their career;

*® a consolidation stage with their manager to validate the
professional development pathways they have taken and to
implement an individual action plan.

More than 450 employees have had an Outlook Meeting, 73%
would recommend the meeting to their colleagues.

Inaddition to this action plan dedicated to employability development,
Schneider Electric decided to strengthen its recruitment of young
people after their Apprenticeship. This strategy aims to match with
two ambitions: balance our age pyramid to better face the coming
challenges and create efficient collaboration between generations
by sharing knowledge, skills and experiences.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC /Q

2


--- Page 70 ---

( > SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

4.7 Employee share ownership

Schneider Electric is convinced that employee share ownership is
instrumental in strengthening companies’ capital (both financial and
human), and that employee shareholders are long-term partners.

Approach

The Group has been building an international employee shareholder
base since 1995 that is representative of the Group’s diversity.
Employees should hold around 5% of the capital in 2015.

Action plans

Employee share ownership plan 2012

Schneider Electric has ramped up its in-house communication to
employees to ensure that they have a clear understanding of the
challenges facing the Company, its policy and its financial results.
The “2012 Plan” was enlarged and proposed in 26 countries.
More than 28,000 employees subscribed shares for a total of
EUR123 million.

4.8 Compensation and Benefits

Approach

Schneider Electric is committed to providing a comprehensive
compensation and benefits offering that is competitive and cost
effective in each market and country in which the Group operates in
order to attract, motivate and retain talent.

Schneider Electric ensures that all compensation and benefits
decisions and policies are based on the principles of fairness, equity
and non discrimination.

Action plans

Compensation

Schneider Electric rewards employees’ contributions based on a
pay-for-performance principle, competitive market positioning and
scarcity of skills. Industry market data is gathered on a country
basis via third-party surveys to support compensation decisions.

Schneider Electric has built and implemented a global job
architecture to support and align Rewards and Human Resources
programs so that Schneider Electric can develop and move talent
across different businesses and geographies.

In line with our pay-for-performance philosophy, our compensation
structure can include fixed and variable elements. The short-term
variable element is made up of individual and collective performance
criteria and is designed to foster a sense of belonging and
collaboration. The long-term variable component is discretionary
and is designed to motivate and retain specific groups of targeted
employees who demonstrate potential and possess critical skills.

80 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

The employee shareholding at December 31, 2012 represented:

° 4.44% of Schneider Electric SA's capital and 6.77% of the voting
rights;
© over 35% of the employees worldwide.

In 2013, the Group is already expected to launch a new global Plan.
This 2013 Plan will cover 120,000 employees in 34 countries.

Socially responsible investment fund

In November 2009, Schneider Electric created the Fund Schneider
énergie Solidaire (a dedicated mutual fund). A number of information
sessions are held regularly on this special purpose fund providing
the opportunity for employees in France to share in the ideas
and actions of Schneider Electric outlined in its access to energy
program called BipBop (see pages 83-87).

Investment in this fund totaled in excess of EUR4.65 million as of
December 31, 2012, thus enabling 2,666 of the employees to take
part in social welfare projects in France and abroad developed as
part of the BipBop program.

Benefits

Benefits are an essential component of our reward offering and
reflect the diverse needs of our employees.

Since employee benefit plans can vary significantly between
countries due to different levels of social benefits provisions and
diverse tax and legal regulations, Schneider Electric's benefits
approach is primarily country-driven.

Schneider Electric has a Benefits and Pension Funds Corporate
Committee whose responsibilities are to review Benefits Policy
Principles compliance and evolution and to monitor asset return
and validate investments long term strategy both at a corporate and
country level. This Committee meets twice a year.

All compensation and benefits policies follow local statutory and
collective agreements.

Sustainable development criteria in performance
incentives

Sustainable development components were added to the personal
performance incentives of all members of the Executive Committee
in 2011. These components are directly linked to the Planet & Society
Barometer targets. They are personalized according to the areas
of involvement for each (e.g., Green Premium: production of
Environmental Product Profiles for the members of the Executive
Committee in charge of the activities).


--- Page 71 ---

In 2012, the criteria for sustainable development in the personal
performance incentives were extended to the Country Presidents
of the five principal countries of Schneider Electric.

Since 2010, the CO, reduction target has been taken into
account for the performance incentives of all Global Supply Chain
Management personnel who receive a bonus.

The reduction in the occupational accidents Severity Rate and in
the Medical Incident Rate is taken into account for the performance
incentives of all managers at industrial sites and logistics centers
who receive a bonus.

In December 2011, the annual long term incentive plan for 2012
was put in place granting 2,637 people performance shares on the

4.9 Social Dialogue and relations

Approach

Schneider Electric considers that freedom of association and
collective bargaining are fundamental rights and must be respected
everywhere. For many years, social dialogue has been taken
into consideration by our social reporting system: each year,
local HR report the presence of trade unions, works councils
and health & safety committees (see page 104). In 2012, 87%
of Schneider Electric entities have at least one representative
organization (figure based on more than 84% of the overall
headcount).

Social dialogue is managed at European level through the European
Works Council and at Country level by the HR leaders. Schneider
Electric applies in all countries the same HR policies and processes
regarding career management, training, diversity, health & safety...
as well as the Responsibility and Ethics Dynamics program and the
R&ED line (see pages 57-59).

Action plans in major localizations

European Works Council (EWC)

Schneider Electric senior management and the employee
representatives of the European countries decided to set up the
Schneider Electric European Committee (renamed European
Works Council) under the terms of a collective agreement signed
on January 28, 1998.

This European channel for dialogue has enabled the management
to make more efficient decisions by giving employee representatives
the opportunity to be informed of such decisions and to understand
their reasons, as well as to put forward proposals to supplement or
improve them.

It has also fostered the emergence of a strong identity, combining
different cultures and having the common aim of working towards
social and economic progress within the companies in the Group
at European level.

In 2012 a new European Works Council agreement (Amendment
no. 3) came into force and is now the reference. It redefines the
geographical and business scope of the European Works Council,
and incorporates the provisions of the 2009 Directive on European
Works Council.

2012 is also the beginning of a new 4-year term for the country
representatives at the European Works Council. In March, all
members followed a dedicated training.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

condition that they belong to the Group on the day at the end of the
acquisition period and that performance targets are met. For the
first time, definitive attribution of a part of the shares is conditional
on meeting a sustainable development target which is defined as
the Planet & Society Barometer score at the end of 2013. As a
reminder, the Barometer is published externally and its components
are audited.

In June 2012, the profit-sharing incentive plan was signed for the
years 2012-2013-2014 for the French entities Schneider Electric
Industries and Schneider Electric France. For the first time, the
allocation of profit for the employees of these entities includes
achieving the annual targets of the Planet & Society Barometer.

In 2012, the European Works Council met an unprecedented
ten times in three different locations in Europe: nine restricted
committee (“Bureau”) meetings and one plenary session. Four out
of the nine Bureau meetings were held through conference calls
as Amendment no. 3 opened this possibility for information-only
meetings. This allowed an active social dialogue at European level
along with the in-depth discussion on key topics.

Group Works Council, France

The Schneider Electric Group Works Council France is a forum
for economic, financial and social dialogue between senior
management and the representatives of the employees from all
French subsidiaries.

In 2012, the Group Works Council for France enhanced its
information and understanding of business stakes and strategy of
Schneider Electric, through 6 meetings all along the year. Besides
the ordinary meetings, additional meetings were held within
the framework of Connect program and French Territory GPEC
agreement.

Pursuing the same objective, the Committee continued its program
of site visits:

© New R&D centre in Carros (February);
© SEA Aubenas for its expertise in vacuum interrupters (July);

* DINNOV laboratories settled in Grenoble on current innovations
(November).

Social dialogue in the United States

In North America, regular communication takes place with both
union and non-union employees on key business topics and trends
affecting their jobs. Company officials meet on a semi-annual basis
with key international union leaders to inform them of competitive
issues impacting the Company's business, and to ensure alignment
with the Company's business strategies and challenges, on a local,
regional and global basis.

The year 2012 was in the middle of the three year collective
bargaining agreement with the three international unions in
the United States as well as with the union that represents the
employees at Juno Plant in Chicago. Meetings are held twice a year
with the international representatives of these unions to maintain
communications and to review business strategies.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 81

2


--- Page 72 ---

( > SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
COMMITTED TO AND ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES

Social dialogue in Mexico

In Mexico, Schneider Electric leaders have regular communication
with the employees on topics related to their jobs: this
communication takes place in different ways, including large
communication meetings and small group conversations. There
is also continuous communication with the Union leaders and
delegates of three national Unions which represent unionized
employees. Schneider Electric keeps them informed of internal and
external issues impacting the Company's results, listens to their
concerns and looks for alignment with the Company strategy and
challenges. Schneider Electric and the Unions review the collective
contract every year.

In 2012, Schneider Electric Mexico received for first time the award:
“ESR” as a socially responsible Company. This award is delivered
to companies that have outstanding practices in Quality of life, with
environment, community and ethics considered.

Schneider Electric Mexico also received the award “Responsible
Family Company” by the Ministry of Work, for the Monterrey plant
(for the first time), and the Tlaxcala plant (since 2008). Tlaxcala
has also been receiving every year since 2005 the award “Gender,
disability equity Company” from the Ministry of Work.

Social dialogue in China

The Group has 38 entities and over 100 sites in China. Unions
are set up in 23 of them. Unions give input in the review of the
local policy relating to employees’ remuneration. Unions also take
a key role to lead employee events and activities. The Group has
discussed the collective contract with Unions for several plants.
Four entities have already signed the collective contract.

82 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Social dialogue in India

Schneider Electric India has a strong social dialogue culture
with both unionized and non-unionized employees. In 2012, as
in previous year, Schneider Electric India had cordial Industrial
relations throughout its factories. This harmony has been achieved
through time tested collective bargaining process. In some of the
units where there is no recognized unions, this bargaining process
is continued with elected Employee Committees such as Welfare,
Health & Safety, Canteen, Sports, Transport, etc., including a special
committee for women employees (fully compliant to the Prevention
of sexual harassment as per local laws, duly represented by outside
women leader with legal background).

The process of social dialogue also includes employee
communication in small groups as well as through Town Hall
communication on Company performance, strategy and challenges.

In 2011, Schneider Electric Global Supply Chain India successfully
negotiated an agreement through collective bargaining with two
Unions (Nashik and Chennai). Thereby, Schneider Electric agreed to
fix all the terms on wages and benefits for the next four years (valid
until 2014). Negotiations and agreements on bonus payment took
place in two plants in India which are subject to yearly agreements.


--- Page 73 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

> 5. Schneider Electric, a responsible
corporate citizen

Schneider Electric has consistently been committed to playing an
active role in the economic development of the communities in which
it has a presence. This is reflected in the substantial involvement
of the Group and its employees in supporting communities,

51 Energy access program

particularly through its access to energy program, its “Schneider
Electric Teachers” Foundation and ONG, and by helping people to
enter the workforce.

Context and aims

In today’s world, 1.3 billions “) people, approximately 300 million
households, do not have access to electricity; 590 million of
these live in Sub-Saharan Africa, 293 million in India, 88 million in
Bangladesh, 63 million in Indonesia and 56 million in Pakistan.

In general, these disadvantaged groups live on less than USD2
per day.

Their families’ energy costs may run to more than USD15 a month.
Improved access to energy not only improves quality of life, but
also facilitates access to healthcare, education and development
for those who need it most.

Through its energy access “BipBop” program, Schneider Electric
wants to play a major role in helping people at the “Base of the
Pyramid” to gain access to electricity.

The "BipBop"program

Schneider Electric is involved in three specific areas:

Business (Investment): manage an investment fund for business
development in the electricity sector;

Innovation (Economic Offers and Models): build and deliver
electricity distribution solutions for disadvantaged groups;

People (Training): help provide electrical training for young
adults looking to enter the workforce. The Schneider Electric
Foundation and Schneider Electric's team members support this
focus through their collective and individual commitment.

Created in 2008 and launched in 2009, the BipBop (Business,
Innovation & People at the Base of the Pyramid) internal energy
access program illustrates Schneider Electric’s desire to create
a virtuous circle combining business, innovation and_ social
responsibility.

(e)

Create an Te
investment fund

for business
development in
the electricity
sector.

BOP

_—

Conceive and
provide electrical
distribution solutions
for disadvantaged
populations.

Help provide electrical training for young
people looking to enter the workforce.

(1) Source; International Energy Agency ~ World Energy Outlook 2012.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

83

2


--- Page 74 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

2

> WHOIS A PERSON AT THE BASE OF
THE PYRAMID?

“Base of the pyramid” is a term widely used today
to refer to those with the lowest income either in
the world or in a given country. Whether seen in
absolute terms (income of less than USD1.25 per
day in purchasing power parity according to the
World Bank) or in relative terms (income of less than
60% of the average income for the European Union),
poverty affects people in marginalized situations
(infrastructure, isolation, poor access to banking
structures, etc.). Specific approaches are required to
meet these challenges and to contribute to reducing
poverty.

Organization

Management

The program is managed by the Sustainable Development Office.
The BipBop program management team was strengthened in 2010

in line with the ambitious objectives set for it in the One company
program (2009-2011). The team is now spread equally between
France and India:

© a BipBop solutions Business Development Director;
© an Offer Creation Director based in Bangalore (India);

© a Welfare Investment Director, who manages the Schneider
Electric Energy Access social welfare fund;

© a Training Programs Director;

© BipBop correspondents in key countries (India, Senegal, Nigeria,
South Africa, Brazil, etc.)

Rollout

BipBop operates through its local presence in the countries
concerned by the energy access problem to achieve its goals. With
a few rare exceptions, all projects initiated benefit from monitoring
by employees of Schneider Electric entities operating in the country.
These employees constitute a network of key contact people for
the design, management and monitoring of projects.

Their involvement may be part or full time. They contribute their
knowledge of the local context (organization of civil society, local
authorities, the private sector, etc.) and guarantee that the project
is aligned with local needs. Their presence is of crucial importance
for the long-term oversight of projects in which Schneider Electric is
involved. The main areas targeted by BipBop are India, Bangladesh,
China, South Asia, Sub-Saharan Africa and South America.

For this section, three key performance indicators were set in the Planet & Society Barometer for the duration of the Connect program

(2012-2014):

Objectives for year end 2014

1. 1 million households at the Base of the Pyramid have access to energy
2. 30,000 people at the Base of the Pyramid trained in energy management

3. 300 missions with the “Schneider Electric Teachers” NGO

2012 2011

344,441 & -
10,517 & -
66 A -

The 2011 performance serves as a Starting value for the Planet & Society Barometer of the Connect program between 2012 and 2014.

42012 audited indicators

Please refer to pages 92 to 94 for the methodological presentation of indicators and the following pages for the analysis of the results (pages

86-87 for indicator 1, 87 for indicator 2 and 89 for indicator 3).

Highlights of 2012

© Indexation of the performance incentives for the Executive
Committee members to one or more components of the
Planet & Society Barometer, chosen according to their field,
(since 2011); expansion in 2012 to the Country Presidents of
the five principal countries; access to energy for people at the
Base of the Pyramid, e.g., for Strategy and Innovation and the
geographical areas covered by the program.

e Launch of a new Planet & Society Barometer for the 2012-2014
period: the indicator of the million households at the Base of the
Pyramid connected to electricity was extended to an additional
million at the end of 2014; the target for the indicator of the
number of people trained in the energy professions was raised
from 10,000 to 30,000 people (in three years); an indicator was
created following the launch of the “Schneider Electric Teachers”
NGO with the goal of reaching 300 volunteer missions in
three years.

84 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Social investment (Business)

In July 2009, Schneider Electric announced the creation of a global
social welfare investment fund called Schneider Electric Energy
Access (SEEA), with an initial capital of EURS million.

At December 31, 2012, the following amounts were managed by
the fund:

© EUR3,000,000 in capital invested by Schneider Electric;

© EUR1,050,000 in capital invested by Schneider Energie Sicav
Solidaire;

¢ EUR200,000 in capital invested by Phitrust Partenaires;

Approach

Created with the support of the Crédit Coopératif, the fund's
mission is to support the development of entrepreneurial initiatives


--- Page 75 ---

worldwide that will help the poorest populations obtain access to
energy. It will invest in specific projects:

© help jobless individuals create businesses in electricity;
© promote the development of businesses that provide access to
energy in rural or suburban areas in developing countries;

© support the deployment of innovative energy access solutions
that use renewable energies for people at the Base of the
Pyramid.

The SEEA fund brings together different stakeholders by encouraging

Schneider Electric's employees and business partners around the

world to play an active role in this commitment. This socially welfare

investment structure, designed by Schneider Electric to promote

> SEEA FUND INVESTMENT POLICY

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

responsible development, constitutes a response to the new
French legislation on employee savings plans. On December 31,
2012, 2,666 Group employees in France showed their interest in
the BipBop program by investing EUR4.65 million (see page 80).

The aim of the SEEA fund is to promote development while
protecting the assets under management. Accordingly, it has
adopted strict management rules, such as:

© always invest in partnerships with recognized players;

© never take a majority shareholding;

° always ensure sustained company support (help develop a
business plan, technical advice, etc.) to deliver the optimum
social efficacy while minimizing risk.

+ Access to energy sector

+ Sector of micro finance
institutions funding the
abovementioned sector

+ Social impact of businesses

Sectorial
specialization
funded

Geographical
targets

Methodological
rules

+ Own funds
Investment type

Action plans

Investments in France

LaFonciére Chénelet is a Chénelet Group employment opportunity
company formed to counter energy precariousness by creating
energy-efficient social housing. Moreover, construction sites bring
together employment opportunity companies and conventional
firms to promote rehiring of the unemployed.

SIDI (International Solidarity for Development and Investment) is an
investment fund that assigns priority to the impact on development
rather than return. The fund is an important partner of SEEA and is
particularly active in the microfinance sector.

LVD Energie (formerly Solasyst) is a company of “La Varappe”
employment opportunity group based in Aubagne, France. The
company specializes in renewable energy solutions and has
developed specific skills in integrated solar panel installation. Backed
by SEEA’s investment, Solasyst will open two new branches in the
south of France.

International
projects

+ Asia and Africa priority

+ Tickets size: 100 to
400 thousand euros
+ Investment period: 5 to 7 years

France
projects

+ Job creation through
electrical profession

+ Always through joint investment + Always through joint investment
+ Minority participation only
+ Always provide technical
and management support

* Minority participation only
+ Always provide technical
‘and management support

+ Own funds

+ Tickets size: 200 to

1,000 thousand euros

+ Investment period: 3 to 5 years

Partnership with the ADIE

Schneider Electric set up a project two years ago in partnership
with the Association pour le Droit a I'Initiative Economique (ADIE)
to help entrepreneurs start electricity-related businesses. The goal
is three-fold:

® help individuals who have in some cases been out of the
workforce for several years create their own jobs in a promising
industry;

© contribute to the local economy;

© promote the electrical profession.

The project targets entrepreneurs who do not have access to
bank loans, notably the unemployed and low-income individuals.
Schneider Electric and Schneider Initiatives Entrepreneurs, an
association that nurtures spin-offs, finance part of the microloans
granted to electrical businesses through ADIE. Schneider Electric's
French sales division has also created a pact with dedicated
technical training resources combined with support from a local
sales representative to help these entrepreneurs.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 85

2


--- Page 76 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

2

Investments internationally

One transaction was concluded as part of the SEEA international
portfolio in 2012:

© Simpa Networks, a company based in Bangalore (India)
whose business is to make Individual Solar Systems available
to disadvantaged people through a specifically developed
prepayment system. Simpa relies on a network of partners such
as Selco to distribute the systems.

Discussions are under way for other partnerships in India and Africa.

This international investment follows up on two transactions carried
out in 2011:

¢ Kayer SARL, a Senegalese company involved in the distribution
of photovoltaic solar panels in rural areas. Its offering includes
individual systems (SHS) as well as collective systems for
supplying irrigation pumps or agricultural windmills;

Nice International. A company that manages networks of
Internet cafes using solar power systems. These Internet access.
points allow users to access training, communication and
information means. The SEEA investment alongside FMO (Dutch
development aid funds) and Rabobank investments allow the
company to expand in Tanzania.

Offers and economic models for the base of
the pyramid (Innovation)

Innovation is reflected in the design and implementation of rural
electricity offers, products and solutions for disadvantaged groups.

Approach

Innovation for Schneider Electric starts with the local needs and the
socio-economic context of those with little or no access to clean,
healthy and reliable electricity. With this in mind, the chief aims of its
offers and economic models are to:

© respond to the energy needs of villages to support sustainable
economic and social activity;

include and involve local populations in projects to guarantee
their sustainability in the long term.

Schneider Electric sets out to provide comprehensive energy access
solutions that support revenue-generating entrepreneurial activities,
foster community services or meet domestic needs. Products and
solutions are developed to meet a range of both individual and
community needs across the energy chain, from lighting systems
and battery charging stations to decentralized small power plants
and water pumping systems.

Action plans

Low-consumption lighting system

In a program to extend access to energy, lighting is one of the
first vital needs expressed by population groups denied access
or reliable access to electricity. Lighting makes it possible to study
after the sun has gone down and to extend entrepreneurial activities
into the evening. Schneider Electric developed In-Diya in 2010, an

86 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

innovative and very low-cost domestic lighting system. The system
consists of a lamp made up of low-consumption LEDs that can be
connected to a battery, which is in turn connected to a photovoltaic
panel for charging.

The In-Diya system was improved in 2012: the connectors have
been simplified, with no additional tools required; a USB port has
been added to the battery to allow charging of cellular telephones;
LEDs have been replaced to reduce the cost of the system, while
maintaining equivalent lighting quality.

This new system is available practically everywhere in the
world. Partnerships have been set up with local institutions and
organizations to optimize deployment of the product and to target
the poorest communities.

The lamps are sold through our distribution networks, subsidiaries,
anumber of NGOs and businesses in the sector developing access
to electricity.

Electrification of villages in Nigeria and Senegal and a
partnership with Grameen Shakti in Bangladesh

In 2011, Schneider Electric established a partnership with the
Grameen Shakti organization based in Bangladesh. Through the
partnership, Schneider Electric aims to supply lighting products and
power control systems customized to demand for Grameen Shakti.
Following the strengthening of this partnership through the roll-out
of training programs that are fully within the BipBop approach, the
links between Grameen Shakti and Schneider Electric are tightened
by the creation of a social business joint venture. It was signed at
the UN Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20) held
in Rio, Brazil, in June 2012. The joint venture will be operated in
accordance with the principles of Social Business as defined by
Professor Muhammad Yunus.

Rural electrification continues following the success of four projects
launched in 2011. The first three projects in Senegal concerned
the electrification of three eco-villages situated around Dakar. They
were implemented in partnership with the ANEV (National Eco-
Villages Agency) and the company KAYER, a local installer with
whom Schneider Electric signed a partnership agreement in 2010.

The success of the electrification of a village in Nigeria in Ogun
Province led to the electrification of 10 other villages in the same
province. Schneider Electric set up off-grid solar power stations
that powered community buildings and battery charging stations.
These stations are managed by a local entrepreneur who rents the
batteries to individual households on a daily basis.

A new solution for rural electrification has been implemented in
Brazil and Egypt. These hybrid solar power stations can provide
reliable electricity for economic, community and home uses.
Intelligent management of the two sources of energy production
provides optimized power.

In India, Schneider Electric deploys an energy service sales model
through the creation of a network of battery-charging entrepreneurs
for the low-consumption lighting system In-Diya. In 2012, the
network of more than 120 selected volunteer entrepreneurs at the
start of a basic electrician training program offered this rental service
to more than 1,000 households.


--- Page 77 ---

Launch of a collaborative project

The MiCST project consists of designing and manufacturing
an innovative solar plant using sunlight to heat a thermal energy
supply powering a thermodynamic machine coupled with a 10-kW
alternator.

The associated offer, named Microsol, will be designed to supply
off-grid areas. MiCST is aimed in particular at developing countries
with strong sunlight. Simple to install and maintain, it can be easily
adopted by local populations. A major technical and technological
challenge, it will take high-strength, low-cost and eco-design criteria
into consideration

The project extends over 42 months and coordinates the expertise
of 12 industrial and research partners. It is supported by the French
Environment and Energy Management Agency (ADEME).

Training (People)

Approach

The key challenge of training in the electrical sector is to provide
those at the “base of the pyramid” with the knowledge and skills to
be able to carry out the task given to them in a safe and responsible
way, as well as providing their families with the means for suitable
subsistence.

It will also give them the ability, should they wish, to sell and maintain
energy access offers and to create their own small business in time.

Furthermore they are a vital and indispensable element for all
responsible and sustainable rural electrification policies.

Schneider Electric's strategy for the training of disadvantaged
groups at the Base of the Pyramid includes three key priorities:

© basic training that is relatively short, free and accessible to a large
number of people; full-time or evening and weekend courses to
be able to better adapt to the local situation;

training leading to qualifications in partnership with local Ministries
of Education, included within the bilateral guidelines;

training for trainers to support effective and quality roll-out of
training down the line, accompanied by financing for investments
in materials.

5.2 The Schneider Electric Foundation

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

These actions are funded by the Schneider Electric Foundation and
are always implemented in partnership with local players and/or
national or international organizations (NGOs, governments, etc.).
They systematically work with the local subsidiary of Schneider
Electric.

Designed and implemented by Schneider Electric, a range of
educational materials dedicated to the people at the Base of the
Pyramid, called “BipBop Education”, enhances the effectiveness of
these different types of training.

Action plans

Based on the rationalization and optimization efforts of previous
years, in 2012 Schneider Electric was able to extend its major training
projects on a larger scale, achieving the target of 10,000 people
trained during the year.

At the end of 2012, there are 21 projects in 16 countries bringing
hope of a decent life for thousands of young people.

The “BipBop Education” range of teaching materials for people at
the Base of the Pyramid was also launched in 2012. To enhance
the acceptability and effectiveness, these teaching materials are all
accompanied by courses and tutorials that enable teachers to be
immediately operational.

During this year, the following activities were continued:
® initiatives for direct donations of materials;

© support of micro-enterprise creation by young adults coming
from partnership training centers (150 in India in 2012);

© efforts towards transnational expansion.

In 2013, new projects in Bangladesh, Mexico, Ethiopia and by
expansion in Nigeria, Morocco, Zambia and Kenya will emerge.

Seeking global agreements will be the priority for 2013. These
agreements may link Schneider Electric to international companies,
state players and/or NGOs with broad geographical coverage,
with the express condition of sharing values and a shared desire to
provide people at the Base of the Pyramid with a way out of poverty
through professional training programs.

Approach

Created in 1998 under the aegis of Fondation de France, the
Schneider Electric Foundation is involved in three main programs:

training and employment opportunities for young adults from the
Base of the Pyramid, trained primarily in the electrical professions;

support for emergency and post-emergency relief efforts after
natural disasters;

raising sustainable development awareness through innovative
projects.

The Schneider Electric Foundation focuses on the involvement of
company employees in all the actions it implements. It carries out

its work through a network of 130 employee volunteers, known as
delegates. These volunteers, covering 75 countries, are responsible
for identifying local partnerships, presenting them to employees in
their units, and to the Foundation and tracking projects once they
are launched. Each project proposed is subject to a review process
based on administrative and financial data by the Schneider Electric
Foundation and by Fondation de France before funds are released.

With an annual budget of EUR4 million, the Foundation works to
support its partnerships through Schneider Electric entities in which
employees are also involved. A total of more than EUR10.5 million
have been invested in this way to benefit local communities (see
pages 107-108).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 87

2


--- Page 78 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

2

Organization

The Foundation’s network structure is an original and very suitable
means for engaging local, humane and lasting sponsorship. It
also reinforces the energy of the people involved. In each site, the
choice of delegates is made based on recognized and formalized
participation via a letter of engagement signed by the head of the
site and that of the Foundation for a duration of two years. In 2012,
the Foundation had 130 delegates covering 75 countries for a
mission, which includes:

© selecting an association dedicated to employing young adults;
© defining a project and supporting this partnership;

© organizing local events adapted to the country’s culture, to better
boost employee morale;

© informing employees of Foundation activities at their site.

The delegates also coordinate the organization of the Schneider
Electric Foundation’s annual campaign for international mobilization
called Luli. This week takes place in June/July and is an important
time in the life of the Foundation and the Company with local
partnerships taking center stage at an international level

In 2012, 25,000 employees in 50 countries took part in this
campaign and have rolled out 150 initiatives.

Governance

The Schneider Electric Foundation Board of Directors meets two
times per year. It defines and encourages significant strategic
directions for the Foundation. It is composed of Schneider Electric
managers, employee representatives and important people from
outside the Company.

Requests received, responding to the foundation's criteria, are
systematically sent to the delegate of the country concerned for
the proposed project. Once the project is selected and supported
locally, it can be studied on the corporate level by the selection
committee if a supplementary budget is necessary.

This committee is composed of three members: the Foundation’s
Managing Director, the Foundation’s Program Director and the
Access to Energy Program Training Director. They meet every
month.

Action plans

Training and opportunities for young adults

To facilitate the integration and professional training of the most
under-privileged young adults, the Schneider Electric Foundation
continually encourages and supports national and international
integration associations or electrical profession educational
organizations.

To fulfill this mission, the Foundation also participates in the Group's
commitment to sustainable development. In particular, it also
contributes to the BipBop energy access program (for Business,
Innovation and People at the Base of the Pyramid) started in 2008.
The Foundation supports the People aspect of the program,
dedicated to training with priority given to the target developing
countries.

This training and integration program captures more than 70% of
the annual funding allocated by the Foundation. All of these actions
are monitored and measured on a quarterly basis within the scope

88 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

of the Planet & Society Barometer through a key performance
indicator: For the 2009-2011 period, the objective was to
train 10,000 young adults at the Base of the Pyramid in energy
management professions. The objective was surpassed, with more
than 12,000 young people trained. Over the 2012-2014 period, the
Connect company program again includes this training objective,
but with the target tripled: the objective is to train 30,000 people.
In 2012, 10,517 people at the Base of the Pyramid were trained in
the energy management professions.

Emergency relief and reconstruction aid

Acting as intermediary in rallying its employees, the Schneider
Electric Foundation regularly brings its support during natural
disasters. The Foundation above all wishes to maintain long term
involvement. The aid takes place at two times: during the emergency
the teams mobilize immediately to support the specialized NGOs
and to meet the initial needs of the populations. The second stage
is then implemented, which can take time. This stage aims to
contribute to the reconstruction in the medium term. The actions
supported and developed by local partners focus on construction
projects, reconstruction and rehabilitation of the technical training
centers for energy management professions. This is the part of
the program that mobilizes the essential available resources. The
Schneider Electric Foundation considers it fundamental to share its
skills in electrical professions in order to actively contribute to aid in
catastrophe-hit zones so that reconstruction can be sustainable.

In 2012, the project launched following earthquakes in Japan has
been validated and is in place.

Raising awareness about sustainable development

Energy and climate change are at the heart of the issues facing
our planet. Doing more with fewer resources is now possible. By
supporting innovative projects, the Schneider Electric Foundation
voluntarily helps raise awareness to different parties participating
in the challenges of climate change. The Company invests in
emblematic and international programs by making its knowledge,
notably in energy systems management, available through
donations in resources and/or knowledge. Through its projects
and the commitment of its employees, the Schneider Electric
Foundation wants to emphasize:

© the desire to contribute and provide solutions.

Safe, reliable, efficient, productive and green energy management
solutions are now available and operational, even in the most
extreme conditions. Through its Foundation and alongside the
International Polar Foundation as well as the Fédération francaise
des clubs alpins et de montagne, Schneider Electric contributes
to implementing innovative and exemplary smart networks within
the environmental domain;

the ability to build together, to break down barriers.

By forging links with NGO partners, Schneider Electric aims
to develop solutions that will serve the project by extending its
scope, adapting to needs and to different ways of collaborating
that are new and sometimes unexpected;

setting an example for employees, but also for the wider
community.

Faced with the issues of our planet and particularly the challenges
posed by energy resources, Schneider Electric always wants to
aim higher: through its ambitious initiatives that may sometimes
seem idealistic, these adventurous solutions show that it is
possible to meet the challenges.


--- Page 79 ---

The “Schneider Electric Teachers” NGO

Since the Schneider Electric Foundation was created in 1998, it
has placed Group employee involvement at the heart of its work.
Whether Foundation delegates or employee volunteers, they are
the link between the Company, the Foundation and the supported
organizations in more than 70 countries.

The creation of the Schneider Electric Teachers organization at
the start of 2012 resulted from the desire of Schneider Electric
and the Foundation to do more to support voluntary work of
Schneider Electric current and retired employees in the teaching
and professional training programs. The main objective was to
provide a new contribution to the BipBop training programs and to
undertake 300 missions in three years. This indicator is included in
the Planet & Society Barometer 2012-2014.

Governance

The Schneider Electric Teachers association lodged its articles
of association with the prefecture in France in February 2012. Its
Board is composed of former Schneider Electric directors and
members of the Sustainable Development Department involved in
the BipBop energy access program. Specifically by name: Christian
Wiest (Chairman), Dominique Devinat (Vice Chairman), Francois
Milioni (Secretary), Christophe Poline (Treasurer), Bernard Lancian
(member), Gilles Vermot Desroches (member).

The Board met 10 times in 2012 and the General Assembly was
held on October 16, 2012.

Actions to promote this initiative took place:

with more than 30 Presidents of countries;

at three sites in France (headquarters at Rueil Malmaison, at the
Carros site in Nice and at the Electropole site in Grenoble);

at the “Leadership Forum”, a gathering of more than 500 Group
executives.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

Though less than a year old, 19 partners have joined the initiative
and offer 174 missions in 20 countries. The volunteer community
comprises 222 people, and 66 missions have been carried out.

Operations and players

This is a shared contribution between the Foundation, Schneider
Electric entities and employees/retirees for the benefit of non-profit
structures in the field of education and vocational training.

the employees/retirees volunteer their time and make their skills
available;

the partners look for skills to support their activities, specify their
needs and support volunteers in carrying out their mission;

the Schneider Electric Teachers association coordinates,
connects and organizes the process and covers costs related to
carrying out missions;

the Schneider Electric entities host the volunteers when the
mission takes place outside their country of residence.

The missions

¢ missions to educational and professional training facilities
(professional training center and/or technical schools, universities,
etc.);

© tutoring, classes, events, work practices, equipment installation,
discovering a profession, trainer training, optimization of
standards, etc.;

© volunteer missions at associations and entrepreneurs in the field
of access to energy;

- who have supported the Energy Access social welfare
investment fund,

— or who began work after training;
® management control, finance, communication, fundraising,
management, human resources, technical, etc.
For more information visit: www. fondation.schneider-electric.com
and www.teachers.schneider-electric.org

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 89

2


--- Page 80 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

2

Examples
Highlights of 2012 for the Schneider Electric Foundation

June
February - March Campaign Luli
Creation of the NGO
Schneider Electric
Teachers in India
January
Nomination

of delegates July

Launch of Schneider
Electric Teachers
in China

Initiatives in North America

American culture places a lot of importance on community
involvement. Schneider Electric North America has the following
commitments:

© one of the flagship programs of the Schneider Electric Foundation
North America is the “matching gift program”, through which the
Company matches employee donations to the organizations of
their choice. In 2012, the Company matched 2,532 donations in
North America (compared with 2,791 in 2011 and 2,578 in 2010);

° Pelco by Schneider Electric, the Group entity specialized in
building security and video surveillance, is developing a program

5.3

Wherever it operates, Schneider Electric makes a_ strong
commitment to community partners and civil society through
positioning itself in a way that is indispensable for a global
enterprise that wants to keep in touch with the labor markets local
to its industrial facilities. Numerous projects under way and on
the drawing board demonstrate Schneider Electric's desire to be
engaged, notably in the area of employment, and to contribute fully
to local economic development.

Business creation in France - Support for
business creation with Schneider Initiatives
Entrepreneurs (SIE)

Approach and action plans

For more than 15 years, Schneider Electric has supported employee
projects in France to create businesses or buy going concerns

90 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Launch of Schneider
Electric Teachers

December
Launch of the bric-

a-brac Emmais Défi
September

Rexel - Signature
of cofinancing
in China

October
Finalization of the
Refuge du goiter
construction site

called Pelco Community Partnership Program which encourages
employees to get involved and volunteer in selected associations
for up to 40 hours per employee per year;

e APC by Schneider Electric implements a program every year
called Community Impact which gathers employees from
the head office and others to support local associations with
community service (donating or recycling computer equipment,
assisting handicapped people, etc.).

These initiatives are consolidated at the level of the Schneider

Electric Foundation and are taken into account in the different

reports and indicators.

Territorial positioning and impact on economic and social development

through Schneider Initiatives Entrepreneurs (SIE), a dedicated
structure demonstrating the Group’s commitment to its mobility,
employment and regional economic development responsibilities.

SIE also illustrates Schneider Electric’s efforts to encourage the
development of entrepreneurial values within its units.

Schneider Initiatives Entrepreneurs provides support for Schneider
Electric employees during all stages of business creation, as well as
afterwards, with a follow-up period of three years.

SIE’s dedicated team of seasoned managers is responsible for
reviewing the financial, legal, technical and commercial aspects of
business creation projects to ensure they are viable and sustainable.

Specific support is offered for energy-related projects, which can
benefit in particular from the support of the Sales and Marketing
Department. These accounted for more than 20% of all supported
projects in 2012. The support of the Sales Department is also
provided to electrical designers from EDF.


--- Page 81 ---

The SIE structure is represented directly or indirectly in local
business networks. To enhance the quality of services offered, it has
teamed up with associations such as the EGEE, ECTI, Boutiques
de Gestions, ALIZE, the local Entreprendre networks and other
local associations.

SIE is very active in the promotion of expansion, by chairing the
DIESE Network, an association formed of major groups that
support their employees in project creation or takeovers.

More than 1,000 project sponsors were supported, including
electricians, bakers, consultants, graphic designers, asset
managers, florists, etc.

Examples

On January 16, 2013, during the fifth Schneider Electric “Vivez
l'aventure!” (Live the Adventure) competition, six heads of companies
received an award to recognize and highlight their initiative.

Since the first edition of the “Live the Adventure” competition,
30 creations and takeovers of companies have been highlighted,
with a survival rate of 83% and 126 jobs created or saved.

Economic development of territories

Many actions are undertaken to contribute to local economic
development, for example:

© specific missions within the fabric of the local SMEs (small and
medium industries/enterprises) carried out by Schneider Electric
senior experts;

© membership in and promotion of the Pass Compétences tool,
which allows the posting of experienced managers to SMEs in
the Ile-de-France; these frameworks are valuable resources for
these SMEs that invest in structuring and development projects;

© support for organizations that open the way to creation of
activities and companies;

© financial aid for learning within the energy sector.

Other organizations such as ADIE (Association for the Right to
Economic Initiative) are also financially supported through guarantee
funds, loans or particular subsidies for electrical project creators.

The electrical project creators can also access support for expansion
from the Schneider Electric SAles Department.

Revitalization of local labor markets in France

The pilot SIE structure was used to implement the revitalization
actions put in place during restructuring of certain industrial areas.

The involvement of the teams in local economic networks optimizes
the allocation of resources where they are needed most under these
agreements defined in the GPEC, the employment safeguarding
plans (PSE) or the future industrial restructuring plans.

Nine local labor markets were involved in 2011 and 2012. These
actions result in support for employment, implementation of the
Group's involvement policy, SME development aid, support for the
energy sector, assistance for learning and other actions desired by
the local economic and political authorities.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC, A RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN

Job creation for disadvantaged young adults in
France

The diversity of backgrounds, cultures, profiles and experience is
always a source of wealth, sharing, new ideas and innovation. In
disadvantaged areas, there is a huge amount of talent that is eager
to grow. Recognizing this, we believe that companies have a role
to play. It is our duty to act, particularly in the heart of the markets
in which we operate.

Convinced of the need to better support young people entering the
workforce, Schneider Electric is involved in different ways: training,
work/study programs for young adults entering the workforce
from disadvantaged backgrounds, partnerships with schools and
associations, financial support for young students, and participation
in technical or general training courses, etc. These actions are
undertaken by partnerships founded within the scope of the
Schneider Electric Foundation.

The annual “100 chances - 100 emplois” campaign in France
targets young adults aged 18 to 30 with a low level of education
or qualifications that are susceptible to discrimination, come from
“sensitive urban areas” (ZUS) and who are motivated to take part in
a job opportunity program.

The objective is to open the door to lasting employment by offering
personalized qualification pathways with the help of many companies
brought together and led by the pilot companies (Schneider Electric
in Grenoble, Chambéry, Rouen, Rueil-Malmaison, Dijon and Nord-
Isére).

The goal is to attain a positive outcome of 60%, meaning that
participants obtain a fixed-term or temporary contract of more than
six months, a permanent contract or a skills-qualification training or
diploma contract, of which more than 50% in work/study programs.

The French government launched the first “100 chances -
100 emplois” campaign in January 2005 in Chalon-sur-Saéne.

At the end of 2012, more than 850 young adults had obtained a
permanent contract, a fixed-term contract of more than six months
or a skills-qualification training contract, particularly work/study,
equal to over 70% of participants. More than 1,700 other young
adults were supported by the program.

The “100 chances - 100 emplois” campaign targeted the cities of
Aubervilliers, Saint-Denis, Cognac, Chalon-sur-Saéne, Grenoble,
Chambéry, Dieppe, Dijon, Evreux, Lyon, Marseille, Nanterre,
Nemours, Nice, Rouen, Rueil-Malmaison, Dijon and Nord-Isére.

The Interim policy encourages our industrial facilities in France to
develop interim employment contracts, participates in supporting
employment at companies through temporary employment, and
encourages temporary jobs for those entering the workforce.

The signing of the Pacte pour I’Insertion et I’Emploi (Pact
for Integration and Employment) with the Comité national des
entreprises d’insertion (CNEl) is part of the desire to learn more
about companies providing jobs for the unemployed and involve
them in our purchasing policy.

We have tested employment clauses in our markets, based on the
example of the public markets.

Finally, Schneider Electric has partnered with many other
organizations: Ecole de la Deuxiéme Chance, Nos Quartiers ont des
Talents, Télémaque, etc.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 91

2


--- Page 82 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
METHODOLOGY AND AUDIT OF INDICATORS

> 6. Methodology and audit

of indicators

6.1 Methodology elements on the published indicators

In the absence of any recognized and meaningful benchmark for
companies involved in manufacturing and assembling electronic
components, Schneider Electric has drawn up a frame of reference
with reporting methods for the Planet & Society Barometer’s
indicators and for Human Resources, safety and environment data.

This referential includes the boundaries, the collection and
consolidation procedures and the definitions of this information.
As it is engaged in a process of constant improvement, Schneider
Electric is gradually supplementing this work to adapt its referential
of sustainable development indicators to changes in the Group.
This document is regularly updated and additional information can
be consulted at www.schneider-electric.com/barometer.

In keeping with its commitment to continuous improvement,
Schneider Electric asked Ernst & Young to conduct a review in
order to obtain a moderate level of assurance for certain human
resources, safety and environment indicators. The audit work is
entered along with that conducted since 2006 and was broadened
to a larger number of indicators, in particular all of the key
performance indicators from the Planet & Society Barometer (See
Independent verifier’s report pages 97-98).

Human Resources, safety and environment
indicators

The Human Resources and safety data comes from several
dedicated reporting tools, available on the Group's Intranet,
including the One reporting tool for the Human Resources and
safety data. Its consolidation is placed respectively under the Global
Human Resources Division and the Group's Global Supply Chain
Management. Data reliability checks are conducted at the time of
consolidation (review of variations, inter-sites comparison, etc.).

The Safety data of the sites are included in the Group metrics after
one complete calendar year following their creation or acquisition.
A site joining the Group in year n will be included in the metrics on
January 1n+2, except in exceptional circumstances when contract
language stipulates not to include the Safety data before 2 years. A
gap can be thus recorded with the scope of financial consolidation.

Breakdown of workforce data (by gender, category, age and
seniority), sites declaring employee representation, the number of
collective agreements and training programs cover more than 84%
of the total workforce. Performance or career interviews have taken
place with more than 87% of the workforce.

This data is consolidated over all fully integrated companies within
the scope of financial consolidation, when the Group has more than
a 50% stake in the subsidiary.

Units that belong to Group companies which are fully consolidated
are included on a 100% basis in reporting. Units belonging to

Q2 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

proportionally consolidated companies are also fully integrated.
Companies accounted for by the equity method are not included
in the reporting.

All the ISO 14001 certified entities must report their environmental
data. All production and supply chain sites with 50 or more
employees must obtain ISO 14001 certification before the end of
the third full calendar year of operation or membership in the Group.
Administrative, R&D and sales sites with 500 employees or more
also have to obtain ISO 14001 certification. Other sites may seek
certification and/or report on a voluntary basis. A gap can be thus
recorded with the scope of financial consolidation.

Indicators from the Planet & Society
Barometer

The Barometer data is used and consolidated under departments
directly concerned by the indicators (Human Resources,
environment, the Foundation, etc.) and each represented by a
driver.

The global performance of the Planet & Society Barometer is
calculated by the Group's Sustainable Development Department.
The indicators from the Planet & Society Barometer have a Group
scope with specific levels of coverage per indicator.

10% reduction of CO, emissions in transport

This indicator includes emissions from the transport of goods
purchased by Schneider Electric, covering more than 80% of the
total transport costs of the Group.

The measurement of CO, equivalents combines the impact of CO,,
CH4, NO, HFCs, SF,, PFCs, NOx and water vapor.

Two methods are used by carriers to measure CO, equivalent
emissions: energy-based method (preferred) and activity-based
method (accepted).

The data is corrected for activity, in tons transported.

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

75% of our product revenues achieved with Green
Premium

A Green Premium product is defined by the following four criteria:
© an Environmental Product Profile available online;
* an end-of-life instruction manual available online;

© the list of substances of concern according to the European
Directive REACH available online;

© the observance of the thresholds imposed by the RoHS EU
Directive on hazardous substances.


--- Page 83 ---

The indicator measured the share of sales made with a Green
Premium offer from sales figures for the year n-1. All Activities are
included in the program, except CST. The EMEA Power offers
are exempt. For Infrastructure, the indicator does not include the
RoHS criterion.

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

10% energy savings

The goal is to reduce energy consumption each year
(2012-2013-2014) by 3.3%, using Schneider Electric solutions.
The program is available for all Schneider Electric sites. The internal
customer is Global Supply Chain Management. The Energy
Management Services teams are the internal provider.

In 2012, the program addresses Schneider Electric's 100 most
energy intensive sites (based on energy consumption in 2011).
By 2014, it will include all sites larger than 5,000 m2. In case of
acquisition, the sites concerned will be included in the program the
following year.

The “energy savings” refer to standardized data; a model for each
site is built to take into account climatic variations and changes in
production.

All energies (gas, electricity, oil, etc.) are taken into account and
converted into kWh.

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

+7 points of growth with the “EcoXperts” with
respect to Group growth

The objective is, through “EcoXperts” partners selected by
Schneider Electric, to develop energy efficiency and renewable
energy activities suitable for small and medium-sized buildings.

Schneider Electric aims to reach seven points of growth with the
Ecoxperts activities, in excess of the Group's growth, measured
quarterly year-to-date.

The program provides end users access to:
© anetwork of local partners accredited by Schneider Electric;

° energy efficiency and renewable energy solutions based on
tested, validated and documented architectures;

© a volume of sales supported by the experience of a specialist in
energy management.

The indicator incorporates country results after six months in the

Ecoxperts program (annually from January 2012).

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

1 million households at the Base of the Pyramid
connected

The indicator accounts for all sales of products and solutions that
provide access to energy for people at the Base of the Pyramid that
were developed within the BipBop program:

products: lamps (In-Diya) and lighting products, power control
systems, individual solar systems, inverters for CFL lamps,
meters (BEC28 range);

solutions: battery charging stations, solar water pumping

systems, micro-solar power stations for generation off-grid
electricity (Villasol, VillaSmart and DC Grid).

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
METHODOLOGY AND AUDIT OF INDICATORS

The Base of the Pyramid is the socio-economic segment of
the world population with the lowest incomes. This population
is defined in the indicator from a geographic perspective and
business model perspective: the population living in non-OECD
countries; accessing products and solutions through non-traditional
distribution channels, appropriate marketing or a project approach
developed by dedicated sales forces.

For products, the rule of one product per household was
established. For solutions, the number of households is determined
from the project specification documents.

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

90% of our recommended suppliers comply with
ISO 26000

The objective is to motivate “recommended” Group suppliers to
roll out and monitor progress plans conforming to ISO 26000. An
assessment of recommended suppliers is carried out externally.
Suppliers whose assessments are too low are excluded from the
indicator. All assessments are monitored by Business Review
with the Schneider Electric buyers, with a view to continuous
improvement according to the guidelines of ISO 26000.

The total number of recommended suppliers to take into account
for the year is fixed at the beginning of the year. The number of
recommended suppliers evaluated during the year was stopped
at January 31 n+1 in order to take into account the assessments at
December 31 of the previous year.

The sustainable development goals have become one of the seven
pillars used to measure supplier performance since 2011; this
has the particular advantage of allowing the highest-performing
suppliers to become a ‘recommended’, or for the best suppliers,
‘preferred’ Group supplier.

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

Three major ethical stock market indices choose
Schneider Electric

The indicator measures the presence of Schneider Electric in the
following three ethical stock market indices:

© the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) World;

© the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) Europe;

© the Advanced Sustainable Performance Index (ASP!) Eurozone.
This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

300 sites recognized as “Great place to work -
Cool site”

Schneider Electric wants to create motivating work environments
for its employees, environments that are not only safe and effective,
but also that are based on reflection on the values of Schneider
Electric.

The “A great place to work” of the Connect program business
defines the criteria for “Cool Sites”:

© asina village, we gather around activities and events to celebrate
and interact beyond simple business;
© develop services relating to everyday life for our employees;

® test the solutions and products we sell in order to better
understand what we are all working towards.

This indicator has been delayed and will roll out in 2013.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 93

2


--- Page 84 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
METHODOLOGY AND AUDIT OF INDICATORS

30% reduction in the “Medical Incident Rate” (MIR)

The Medical Incident Rate (MIR) is the number of work incidents
requiring medical treatment per million hours worked. Incidents may
or may not have resulted in a day off. Medical treatment does not
include first aid.

All incidents reported on Schneider Electric sites are counted
(including therefore incidents affecting subcontractors on site and
temporary workers). All Schneider Electric sites are taken into
account.

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

70% of the result of our “Employee Engagement
Index”

During quarterly One Voice satisfaction surveys, Schneider Electric
employees are asked a series of questions; six of them are used
to generate the Employee Engagement Index (EEl). The EEl is a
standard international index.

Employees with an email address are surveyed every quarter; those
who do not, in factories, are questioned annually on the basis of a
quarterly rotation. All employees are surveyed (fixed-term contracts
— including work/study participants — and permanent contracts).

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

30% of women in our talent pool (~ 2,500 people)

The talent pool consists of: Key Position Potentials, Key Position
Holders (n-1 of the Executive Committee), Exceptional Potentials,
Potentials, and Key Experts. The indicator, and therefore the goal of
increasing the proportion of women, excludes Key Experts.

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

One day of training per year per employee

The indicator measures the percentage of employees who received
at least one training day during the year, the equivalent of eight
hours in total, unless defined differently by local regulations (seven
hours for France, for example).

All permanent employees, white collar and blue collar, are included
in the indicator. Subcontractors, fixed-term contract employees,
trainees and apprentices are excluded. Arrivals during the year are
accounted for in the following year.

This includes all training activities: in person, individual or collective,
tutored, e-learning, webinars, internal and external; all areas of
training: Products, Management, Languages, Office, Security,
Legal and Regulatory training, etc.; excluded from the count are:
training that does not have a formal trainer, with no written learning
Objectives or notices and time spent on social media.

94 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

This indicator has been delayed and will roll out in 2013.

30,000 people in the BoP trained in the energy
professions

The objective is to create and/or roll out energy management
training programs (commercial, industrial, electrical engineering,
automation and renewable energy) at the regional or national level,
dedicated to the people at the Base of the Pyramid.

In partnership with local and international NGOs, Schneider Electric
provides direct or indirect contributions to training centers to
create new classes or new training, or significantly improve existing
courses. Contributions may be (cumulative possible): training
products and equipment, knowledge transfer, trainer training
and money. Schneider Electric does not provide trainers, does
not provide the premises and does not pay long-term operating
expenses.

Duration: full-time training for a minimum of three months with
certification; diploma courses of one to three years; evening and/or
weekend courses totaling 100 hours minimum.

Each partner must be able to justify the BoP nature of the persons
trained, according to the defined local benchmark.

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.

300 missions carried out via the “Schneider Electric
Teachers” ONG

Missions undertaken are performed: by Schneider Electric
employees and retirees; on a voluntary basis (on leave); in
vocational or educational NGOs (vocational and technical training,
schools and universities, etc.); primarily aimed at disadvantaged
young people; in organizations and/or companies supported by the
Schneider Electric Energy Access Fund; depending on the skills of
the volunteer and the needs of the beneficiary (validation process in
place); in the country of origin and/or abroad for variable periods of
time (with a minimum of two weeks for a foreign mission).

The organization of these missions is coordinated by a specific
NGO called “Schneider Electric Teachers”. It works closely with
BipBop (BipBop People) training teams, the Schneider Electric
Energy Access fund and the HR function. It develops partnerships
with local NGOs (Planet Emergency, ESF, etc.).

This indicator was audited by Ernst & Young.


--- Page 85 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
METHODOLOGY AND AUDIT OF INDICATORS

6.2 Concordance of indicators with article 225 of the Grenelle 2 Act

The table below indicates the page numbers of the report in which the various indicators are mentioned.

1° Social information Pages
a) Employment

Total workforce and breakdown of employees by gender, age and region 101-103
Hiring and layoffs 103-104

Remuneration and its development
b) Organization of work
Organization of working time
Absenteeism

c) Social relations

Organization of social dialogue — particularly information and personnel consultation procedures and personnel
negotiation procedures

List of collective agreements

d) Health and safety

Health and safety conditions in the workplace

List of agreements signed with unions or staff representatives regarding health and safety in the workplace
Work accidents, particularly their frequency and their seriousness...

... aS well as occupational illnesses

e) Training

Training policies implemented

Total number of training hours

f) Equality of treatment

Measures taken towards gender equality

Measures taken towards employment and involvement of persons with disabilities
Anti-discrimination policy

g) Promotion and respect of the provisions of the International Work Organization’s fundamental
agreements relating to:

* respect of the freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining;
* eradication of discrimination in employment and profession;

* eradication of forced or obligatory labor;

° effective abolition of child labor.

2° Environmental information

a) General environmental policy

Organization of the Company to take into account environmental questions and, when necessary, environmental
evaluation or certification approaches

Employee training and information actions regarding environmental protection

Environmental risk and pollution prevention means

Amount of provisions and cover for environmental risks except if this is likely to cause serious harm to the
Company in a pending litigation

b) Pollution and waste management

Measures for prevention, reduction or repair of emissions in the air, water and ground with serious environmental
effects

Measures for prevention, recycling and removal of waste

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 95

80-81, 130-138

101-105
105

81-82, 104
81-82, 104

71-72

104

104

72, 80, 105

74-76
105

78,102
79
77-79, 57-59

47-48, 42

60-61, 68, 99
61, 58, 105
69

35

69, 99
69, 99

2


--- Page 86 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
METHODOLOGY AND AUDIT OF INDICATORS

Consideration of noise pollution and any other form of pollution specific to an activity 69
c) Sustainable use of resources

Water consumption and supply according to local constraints 68, 99
Raw material consumption and measures taken to improve the efficiency of their use 68
Energy consumption and the measures taken to improve energy efficiency and the use of renewable energies 63-64, 100
Land use 69
d) Climate change

Greenhouse gas emissions 62-65, 100
Adaptation to the consequences of climate change 62-65, 68, CDP

e) Biodiversity protection
Measures taken to preserve or develop biodiversity 69, 65-67, 50

3° Information relating to societal commitments in sustainable development

a) Territorial, economic and social impact of the Company’s activity
Regarding employment and regional development 84-86, 90-91
On bordering or local populations 86-87, 91

b) Relations with the persons or organizations involved in the Company’s activity, particularly
involvement organizations, teaching establishments, environmental defense organizations, consumer
associations and bordering populations

Conditions of dialogue with these persons or organizations 43-44
Partnership or sponsorship actions 87-90
c) Subcontracting and suppliers

Consideration within the Company's purchasing policy of social and environmental issues 56-57
The importance of subcontracting and the consideration within relations with subcontractors and suppliers of their

social and environmental responsibility 56-57
d) Loyalty of practices

Anti-corruption actions taken 60
Measures taken towards consumer health and safety 65-67, 14
e) Other actions taken towards human rights, within the scope of this third indicator 42

96 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 87 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
METHODOLOGY AND AUDIT OF INDICATORS

6.3 Independent verifier’s report

This is a free translation into English of the original report issued in French language, provided solely for the convenience of English speaking
readers.

Year ended December 31, 2012

Independent verifier’s attestation and limited assurance report on social, environmental and societal information, and on the
Planet & Society Barometer’s indicators

To the Board of Directors,

Pursuant to your request and in our capacity as independent verifier of Schneider Electric S.A., we hereby report to you on the consolidated
social, environmental and societal information presented in the management report issued for the year ended 31st of December 2012, in
accordance with the requirements of Article L. 225-102-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), and on the Planet & Society
Barometer's indicators" as of December 31st 2012.

Management's Responsibility

The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the Management Report including the consolidated social, environmental and
societal information (the «Information») in accordance with the requirements of Article R. 225-105-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code
de commerce), presented as required by the entity's internal reporting standards (the «Guidelines»), a summary of which is provided in the
Management Report on pages 92-94 («Methodology note»).

Our Independence and Quality Control

Our independence is defined by regulatory requirements, the Code of Ethics of our profession (Code de déontologie) and Article L. 822-
11 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). In addition, we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including
documented policies and procedures to ensure compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and
regulatory requirements.

Independent verifier’s responsibility
It is our role, on the basis of our work:

© to attest whether the required Information is presented in the management report or, if not presented, whether an appropriate explanation
is given in accordance with the third paragraph of Article R. 225-105 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and Decree
no. 2012-557 dated 24 April 2012 (Attestation of presentation);

© to provide limited assurance on whether the Information and the Planet & Society Barometer's indicators are fairly presented, in all material
respects, in accordance with the Guidelines (limited assurance).

1. Attestation of presentation

Our engagement was performed in accordance with professional standards applicable in France:

© we compared the Information presented in the management report with the list as provided for in Article R. 225-105-1 of the French
Commercial Code (Code de commerce);

we verified that the Information covers the consolidated perimeter, namely Schneider Electric S.A. and its subsidiaries within the meaning
of Article L. 233-1 and the controlled entities within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce),
within the limits specified in the Methodology Note;

in the event of the omission of certain consolidated Information, we verified that an appropriate explanation was given in accordance with
Decree no. 2012-557 dated 24 April 2012.

On the basis of our work, we attest that the required Information is presented in the management report.

(1) 10 % CO2 savings on transportation, 75% of our products’ revenue achieved with Green Premium, 10% energy consumption savings, 7 pts
growth turnover EcoXperts above transactional growth turnover, 90% of recommended suppliers embracing ISO 26000 guidelines, 3 major
ethical stock market indexes select Schneider Electric, 1 milion households at the Base of the Pyramid (BoP) have access to energy, 30.000
people at the BoP trained in energy management, 300 missions in the “Schneider Electric Teachers” NGO, 30% reduction of the medical
incident rate (MIR), 70% scored in the employee engagement index, 30% women in the talent pool (~ 2.500 people). The indicators 1 day of
training for each employee every year and 300 sites recognised “Great place to work - Cool Site” are not published as of December 31st 2012.

(2) The entities concerned are Schneider Automation Carros (France), Regensburg (Germany), Gebze (Turkey), Pelco Clovis (USA), ZAO Potencial
(Russia), APC Bangalore and Chennai (India), SE Thailand Ltd Corp. (Thailand), Clipsal Australia PTY Gepp Cross (Australia).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC O/

2


--- Page 88 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
METHODOLOGY AND AUDIT OF INDICATORS

2. Limited Assurance report

Nature and scope of the work

We conducted our engagement in accordance with ISAE 3000 (International Standard on Assurance Engagements) and French professional
guidance. We performed the following procedures to obtain limited assurance that nothing has come to our attention that causes us to
believe that the Information is not fairly presented, in all material respects, in accordance with the Guidelines. A higher level of assurance
would have required more extensive works.

Our work consisted in the following:

© we assessed the appropriateness of the Guidelines as regards their relevance, completeness, neutrality, clarity and reliability, taking into
consideration, where applicable, the good practices in the sector;

© we verified that the Group had set up a process for the collection, compilation, processing and control of the Information to ensure its
completeness and consistency. We examined the internal control and risk management procedures relating to the preparation of the
Information. We conducted interviews with those responsible for social and environmental reporting;

© we selected the consolidated Information to be tested and determined the nature and scope of the tests, taking into consideration their
importance with respect to the social and environmental consequences related to the group's business and characteristics, as well as its
societal commitments.

Concerning the quantitative consolidated information that we deemed to be the most important:

© at the level of the consolidating entity and the controlled entities, we implemented analytical procedures and, based on sampling, verified
the calculations and the consolidation of this information;

° at the level of the sites that we selected based on their business, their contribution to the consolidated indicators, their location and a
risk analysis:

= we conducted interviews to verify that the procedures were correctly applied and to identify any omissions;

- we performed tests of detail based on sampling, consisting in verifying the calculations made and reconciling the data with the
supporting documents.

The sample thus selected represents on average 4.2% of the workforce and between 5% and 14% of the quantitative environmental
information tested.

Concerning the qualitative consolidated information that we deemed to be the most important, we conducted interviews and reviewed the
related documentary sources in order to corroborate this information and assess its fairness. Regarding fair practices related matters, the
interviews were only conducted at the level of the consolidating entity.

° As regards the other consolidated information published, we assessed its fairness and consistency in relation to our knowledge of
Schneider Electric S.A. and, where applicable, through interviews or the consultation of documentary sources.

Finally, we assessed the relevance of the explanations given in the event of the absence of certain information.

Comments on the Guidelines
We wish to make the following comments on the Guidelines:

© the reporting Guidelines for Environmental and Social information (excluding Safety) are precise and communicated throughout the Group;
the collection of information is largely based on an information system and the controls in place at the different levels are effective,

© the reporting Guidelines for Safety information have been modified or complemented in 2012, so as to reach better accuracy and
homogenize practices throughout the group, in particular regarding the “Medical Incident Rate (MIR)”.
Comments on the Information

We turn the attention to the point that for Environmental and Safety information, the reporting perimeter does not include all the entities
consolidated in the financial perimeter, as described in the Methodology note.

Conclusion

Based on our work described in this report, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Information is not fairly
presented, in all material respects, in accordance with the Guidelines.

Paris-La Défense, March 20th 2013
The Independent verifier
ERNST & YOUNG et Associés
Cleantech & Sustainability
French original signed by:

Eric Mugnier

Q8 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 89 ---

> 7. Indicators

7A Environmental indicators

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
INDICATORS,

The indicators below have a Group scope. They illustrate our
industrial and logistics sites’ environmental consumption, emission
and waste in addition to certain major tertiary sites. The scope
of environmental reporting is that of ISO 14001 certified sites,
and certain non-certified sites on a voluntary basis and without
interruption in time. All of the industrial and logistics sites with
more than 50 people and the major tertiary sites with more than
500 people must be ISO 14001 certified within two years after their
acquisition or creation. A difference can be established with the
scope of financial consolidation. ISO 14001 sites cover about 70%
of the Group.

ISO 14001 certification of sites

Schneider Electric provides readers two pieces of information so
that environmental performance can be compared from one year
to the next:

one part publishing constant scope indicators;

and another part publishing indicators per employee to correct
the changes in the Company's activities. The sites’ workforce
includes Schneider Electric employees (fixed-term, permanent
and work/study participants), temporary staff and on-site
subcontractors.

The table below indicates how the indicators correspond with the
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).

Comments on the indicators are included in the corresponding
chapters.

2012 2011 2010

Number of ISO 14001 Certified Sites 280 & 273 251

Industrial and logistics sites 258 253 236

Tertiary sites 22 20 15

New sites certified this year an 36 22

Certified sites that have closed or consolidated this year 4 14 15

& 2012 audited indicator.
Group sites consumption, emissions and waste
Current Scope Constant Scope

GRI Indicators 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011

Number of Participating sites 283 & 281 255 275 275

Number of employees 101,978 & 102,991 87,371 99,933 102,331

EN22 Waste produced (in t) 134,814 & 135,392 113,684 133,395 134,619

EN22 Waste produced per employee (in t/p) 134 1.3 1.3 1.3 1.3

EN22 Recovered waste (in t) 115,382 & 112,611 95,092 114,261 111,746

EN22 Percentage of waste recovered 85.6% & 83% 84% 85.7% 83%

Target percentage of waste recovered - - - 85% -

EN8 Water consumption (m*)* 2,456,716 & 2,863,934 2,664,824 2,403,945 2,559,891

EN8 Water consumption/employee (m*/p) 241 27.8 30.5 24.1 25.1

Change in water consumption per employee - - - -4.1% -

Target consumption of water - - - -3.3% -

EN19-20 VOC emissions (in kg) (estimates) 416,612 & 451,154 461,499 414,117 443,943

EN19-20 VOC/per employee (kg/p) (estimates) 41 4.4 5.3 4A 44

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 99

2


--- Page 90 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
INDICATORS,

Current Scope Constant Scope
GRI Indicators 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011
EN3 Energy consumption (MWh equivalent) 1,166,497 & 1,204,580 1,186,864 1,156,464 1,197,289
EN4 Electricity (indirect consumption) 812,917 839,991 790,829 804,590 834,574
EN4 District heating (indirect consumption) 29,255 31,074 32,231 29,255 31,074
EN3 Fuel oil (direct consumption) 22,466 21,366 28,128 20,938 21,292
EN3 Gas (direct consumption) 297,114 307,705 331,010 296,936 305,896
EN3 Coal (direct consumption) 4,521 4,432 4,641 4,521 4,432
ENS Renewable energy (direct consumption) 224 an 25 224 W
ENS Energy consumption per employee (MWh) 14a 11.7 13.6 11.6 11.7
CO, emissions linked to energy consumption
EN16 (in t) (estimates)* 413,414 & 430,191 411,177 408,272 422,531
EN17 Electricity (indirect emission) 334,720 348,316 323,429 330,012 341,047
EN17 District heating (indirect emission) 10,403 11,728 10,995 10,403 11,728
EN16 Fuel oil (direct emission) 5,841 5,555 7,313 5,444 5,536
EN16 Gas (direct emission) 60,908 63,080 67,857 60,872 62,709
EN16 Coal (direct emission) 1,542 1,511 1,583 1,542 1,511
EN16 Renewable energy 10) 0 i0) 0 i0)
EN16 CO, per employee in t/p) 41 4.2 47 41 4A
EN16 SF, emissions (in CO, equivalent t)*** 44,947 & 52,542 60,491 44,947 52,794
SF, leakage rate 0.75% 0.94% 1.76% UP UP
Target SF, leakage rate 0.95% 1% - - -
Direct and indirect CO, emissions (energy
EN16 consumption and SF. emissions in t) 458,351 & 482,733 471,668 453,219 475,325

4.2012 audited indicators.

UP = Unpublished.

* Not including water used for cooling for two sites in 2012 and for the constant scope calculation: Carros (Nice) and TEC 38 (Grenoble).
In 2012, Schneider Electric made a change in methodology to distinguish the water used for consumption and water used for cooling
(and returned to the environment). In 2013, Schneider Electric plans to expand this differential reporting to all sites.

“ The CO, emissions linked to energy consumption are considered estimates, because the indirect emissions are calculated on the
conversion factors per country.

** Nine sites used in 2010, 17 sites in 2011 and 2012 with the acquisition of Areva D, 17 sites for the constant scope calculations.

Constant scope emissions are not corrected from activity level.

Key performance indicators from the Planet & Society Barometer

Objectives for year end 2014 2012 2011
1. 10% CO, savings on transportation 14.8% & -
2. 75% of our product revenues achieved with Green Premium 65.5% & 63%
3.10% energy consumption savings 6.1% & -
The 2011 performance serves as a Starting value for the Planet & Society Barometer Connect program between 2012 and 2014.

4 2012 audited indicators.

Please refer to pages 92 to 94 for the methodological presentation of indicators and the following pages for the analysis of the results
(pages 65 for indicator 1, 65-67 for indicator 2 and 63-64 for indicator 3).

CO, emissions in transportation (scope 3)

Indicators 2012 2011
1. co, emissions on transportation paid by the Group (in tons of CO,e) 393,765 & 497,703

& 2012 audited indicators. Calculation based on a coverage of 81% extrapolated to 100%.
Please refer to page 65 for the presentation of this program.

1 00 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 91 ---

Other key indicator

Objectives for year end 2013
1.12 countries are implementing a recovery process for SF, gas

Please refer to page 56 for the presentation of this program.

7.2 Social indicators

The indicators below have a Group scope.

The Safety data of the sites are included in the Group metrics after
one complete calendar year following their creation or acquisition.
A site joining the Group in year n will be included in the metrics on
January 1 n+2, except in exceptional circumstances when contract
language stipulates not to include the Safety data before two years.
Agap can be thus recorded with the scope of financial consolidation.

HR data cover 100% of the workforce from integrated companies
(see rules page 92). Certain indicators cover 84% or 87% of the
workforce; they are indicated by the footnotes at the bottom of the
page. To meet the requirements of French law, some indicators
are given for France only. The precisions on the variations of
scope are contributed at the end of the tables below and indicated
by footnotes.

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

INDICATORS,
2012 2011
10 8

The social indicators count the people with fixed-term contracts, on
work-experience and on permanent contracts. The indicators that
also include temporary workers and/or subcontractors on site are
indicated by footnotes.

The calculation methodology of the absenteeism rate varying
from a country to the other, in this domain Schneider Electric
communicates at Group level the number of lost days and the
number of hours worked (Safety data).

The comments on the indicators are given in the matching chapters
and indicated in the tables below.

The table below indicates the matching of indicators with the Global
Reporting Initiative.

Key performance indicators from the Planet & Society Barometer

Objectives for year end 2014

1. 30% reduction in the “Medical Incident Rate” (MIR)

2. 70% result in our “Employee Engagement Index”

3. 30% women in our talent pool (~ 2,500 people)

4. One day of training for each employee every year

5. 300 sites recognized “Great place to work - Cool site”

2012 2011
-23% & -
5% Me -
27% & 23%

The 2011 performance serves as a starting value for the Planet & Society Barometer Connect program between 2012 and 2014.

& 2012 audited indicators

* These indicators will be reported from 2013, the tools to measure them are being rolled-out in 2012.
Please refer to pages 92 to 94 for the methodological presentation of indicators and the following pages for the analysis of the results
(pages 71-72 for indicator 1, 73 for indicator 2, 78 for indicator 3, 75 for indicator 4 and 73 for indicator 5).

Workforce

GRI Indicators
Workforce

LA1 Average workforce “)

Blue collar (VDC)
White collar (non-VDC) “
LAI Average supplementary workforce
LA1 Fixed-term contract and permanent contract personnel ©
Permanent contract
Fixed-term contract

LA1 Share of temporary personnel (fixed-term contracts
and temporary workers) ©
LA1 Organization of working time ®
Full-time
Part-time
LAt Hires ©

2012 2011 2010
152,384 & 140,489 123,482
75,601 70,609 61,913
76,383 69,580 61,569
13,947 & 13,924 12,049
139,989 & 137,535 118,819
90.2% 87.3% 88.4%
9.8% 12.7% 11.6%
17.4% 20.5% 20.8%
98% 97.9% UP

2% 2.1% UP

20,971 & 19,792 17,590

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 01

2


--- Page 92 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
INDICATORS,

GRI Indicators 2012 2011 2010
LAI Departures 20,615 16,362 14,968
Layoffs 5,719 & 3,887 3,976
Resignations 10,379 & 7,558 UP
Others (retirement, end of contract, etc.) 4,489 4,917 UP.
LAI Voluntary turnover 7.5% & 6% 7%
LAI Breakdown of workforce by region ©
Asia-Pacific 31% 31% 27%
Europe 38% 39% 42%
North America 21% 21% 22%
Rest of the world 10% 9% 9%
LAI Breakdown of workforce by country (the most significant countries) ©
France 14% 13% 17%
United States of America 13% 12% 15%
China 11% 10% 10%
India 9% 8% 6%
Mexico 5% 5% 6%
Spain 4% 4% 3%
Brazil 4% 3% 3%
Germany 3% 3% 4%
Australia 3% 3% 3%
Indonesia 3% 2% UP
United Kingdom 2% 2% 3%
Russia 2% 2% 3%
LAI Annual change in workforce by country (the most significant countries) ©
France -4% - 2% + 9%
United States of America 0% + 9% -1%
China -5% + 29% + 24%
India + 6% + 88% + 38%
Mexico + 3% + 5% + 14%
Spain - 2% + 74% + 6%
Germany +2% +2% + 57%
Brazil +21% + 38% + 40%
Australia -7% + 22% +2%
Indonesia + 33% + 10% + 22%
United Kingdom + 6% + 8% +11%
Russia + 3% -1% + 6%
LAI3 Breakdown of workforce by gender ®!
Men 69% & 68% 66%
Women 31% & 32% 34%
LAI3 Breakdown of workforce by gender and by category”!
White collar 53.2% 54.5% 53.6%
Men 72% 72% 71%
Women 28% 28% 29%
Blue collar 46.8% 45.5% 46.4%
Men*™* 65% 64% 60%
Women 35% 36% 40%

1 02 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 93 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

INDICATORS,
GRI Indicators 2012 2011 2010
LA13. Breakdown of workforce by age ?!
14/24 years 9.2% 9.7% 8.7%
25/34 years 33.2% 32.7% 31.4%
35/44 years 26.8% 36.4% 27.5%
45/54 years 20.7% 21.2% 22.3%
55/64 years 9.5% 9.6% 9.7%
> 64 years 0.6% 0.4% 0.4%
LA1 Breakdown of workforce by seniority ?
<5 years 42.9% 44.2% 43.9%
5/14 years 33.5% 29.9% 30.4%
15/24 years 13.2% 13.8% 13.7%
25/34 years 7.2% 8.8% 8.6%
> 34 years 3.2% 3.3% 3.4%
LA1 Breakdown of workforce by function
Marketing 3.8% 3.8% 3.8%
Sales 11.4% 12% 14.9%
Services and projects** 16.4% 15% 12.9%
Support 19.6% 19.2% 16.8%
Technical 7.6% 8.4% 7.6%
Industrial 6% 6.4% 6.6%
LA1 Direct variable costs* (cost of employees under
production or business costs) 46.7% 45.4% 46.4%
Hires ©
LA2 Breakdown by type of contract
Permanent contract 67% 61.2% 58.5%
Fixed-term contract 33% 38.8% 41.5%
LA2 Breakdown by category
White collar 44% 51.3% 41.1%
Blue collar 56% 48.7% 58.9%
LA2 Breakdown by Region
Asia-Pacific 45% 47% 45%
Europe 21% 23% 20%
North America 21% 17% 12%
Rest of the world 13% 13% 23%
Layoffs ©
LA2 Breakdown by type of contract
Permanent contract 83% 81% 75%
Fixed-term contract 17% 19% 25%
LA2 Breakdown by category
White collar 45% 45% 39%
Blue collar 55% 55% 61%
LA2 Breakdown by Region
Asia-Pacific 29% 18% 11%
Europe 25% 33% 31%
North America 27% 27% 42%
Rest of the world 19% 23% 16%

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 03

2


--- Page 94 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
INDICATORS,

GRI Indicators 2012 2011 2010
Resignations ®
LA2 Breakdown by seniority 7!
<1 year 28.9% 35.8% 33.8%
1/4 years 47% 41.5% 45%
5/14 years 19.6% 18.7% 18.1%
15/24 years 2.3% 2.7% 2.2%
25/34 years 1.2% 0.9% 0.7%
> 34 years 1% 0.4% 0.2%
Average supplementary workforce
LAI Breakdown by category
White collar 16.4% 12.7% 12.5%
Blue collar 83.6% 87.3% 87.5%
LAI Breakdown by Region
Asia-Pacific 59.6% 56.9% 59.4%
Europe 26.9% 32% 29.5%
North America 41% 3.8% 7%
Rest of the world 9.3% 7.3% 4.1%
Dialogue and social relations
Dialogue and social relations
LA4-6 Sites stating they benefit from employee representation *!
Unions 47.6% 52.4 60.6%
Works Council 50% 56.5% 63.1%
Health and Safety Committee 76.7% 81% 85.9%
LA7 Number of collective agreements 315 316 261
Health and safety of employees
Health and safety of employees
LA7 Number of accidents ") 364 & 531 612
of which Schneider Electric employees 312 434 507
of which subcontractors 52 96 104
LA7 Number of fatal accidents 1 ie) 1
of which Schneider Electric employees 1 0 1
of which subcontractors i?) ie) i?)
LA7 Lost-Time Injury Rate (LTIR) © 1424 2.06
of which Schneider Electric employees 1.44
of which subcontractors 1.54
La7 Lost-Time Day Rate (LTDR) ® 47.98 & 56.00
of which Schneider Electric employees 51.60
of which subcontractors 24.15
LA7 Frequency 2.06 2.61
of which Schneider Electric employees 1.95 2.37
of which subcontractors 2.62 3.50
LA7 Severity 0.06 0.06
of which Schneider Electric employees 0.06 0.06
of which subcontractors 0.04 0.05

1 04 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 95 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

INDICATORS,
LA7 Number of lost days 12,263 & 14,284 14,624
of which Schneider Electric employees 11,449 12,815 13,007
of which subcontractors. 814 1,491 1,617
LA7 Number of hours worked 255,566,952 & 257,533,623 243,999,107
of which Schneider Electric employees 221,866,584 222,372,065 214,588,490
of which subcontractors 33,700,368 35,161,558 29,410,617
LA7 Medical Incident Rate ® 3.44 & 4.49 7.54
of which Schneider Electric employees 3.36 413 UA
of which subcontractors 3.92 6,77 UA
Talent development and training
GAL Indicators TTT 2009
Talent development and training
LA10 Number of training hours 2,489,421 & 2,205,713 2,088,144
LA10. Average hours of training per person ?! 21.5 214 22.6
White collar 277 27.2 30.8
Blue collar 15.4 15 14.3
LA10. Breakdown of hours by category *
White collar 64.2% 64.3% 68.6%
Blue collar” 35.8% 35.7% 31.4%
LA10 Breakdown of hours by training type”
Health, safety and environment 14.6% 14.3% 11.9%
Technical 29.2% 36.8% 32.7%
Languages. IT 16.6% 18.2%
Languages 16.2% UA UA
IT 4.8% UA UA
Solutions 5.1% UA UA
Management and Leadership 15.1% 12.4% 16.7%
Others 15% 20% 20.6%
LA10 Breakdown of costs by training type
Health, safety and environment 7.9% 10.4% 11.8%
Technical 27.8% 29.4% 43.2%
Languages and IT 15.8% 10.5%
Languages 16% UA UA
IT 1.5% UA UA
Solutions 5.1% UA UA
Management and Leadership 24.2% 18.8% 18.4%
Others 17.5% 25.6% 16.1%
LA10. Breakdown of costs by category #!
White collar 73% 75.5% 68.0%
Blue collar 27% 24.5% 32.0%
LA12 Employees having had a performance interview ©! 66.3% 52% 46.7%
Employees having had a career interview ° 31% 31.3% 32.0%
Indicators France
Workforce (France)
LAI Spot workforce 19,189 19,947 20,311
LAI Number of hires 932 1,228 793
LAI Number of departures 1,742 1,531 1,228

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 05


--- Page 96 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
INDICATORS,

LAI Breakdown by type of contract
Permanent contract 94.3% 94.7% 95.6%
Fixed-term contract 5.7% 5.3% 44%
LAI Breakdown by occupational category
Manual workers 26.8% 28.6% 30.2%
Foremen 1.2% 1.2% 1.3%
Administrators and technicians 30.7% 30.7% 31.9%
Engineers and executives 36.3% 35.1% 32.7%
Work experience 5% 44% 3.9%
LAI3 Breakdown by gender ”
Men 68.8% 68.4% 66.8%
Women 31.2% 31.6% 33.2%
Average supplementary workforce (France)
LAI Total 2,051 2,779 2,202
Breakdown by category
White collar 10% 11% 10%
Blue collar 90% 89% 90%
Disability (France)
Employees with disabilities 6.05% 6.19% 6.09%
Direct employment 3.16% 3.19% 3.09%
Indirect employment 2.89% 3% 3%

Talent development and training (France)
LAO Breakdown of costs by training type

Health, safety and environment 13.2% 13% 11.8%
Technical 34.1% 42.8% 16.7%
Languages and IT 17.3% 17.8%
Languages 19% UA UA
IT 2% UA UA
Solutions 0% UA UA
Management and Leadership 16.8% 13.7% 14.2%
Others 14.8% 13.2% 9.9%
LAO Breakdown of costs by gender
Women 21.6% 25.2% 27.2%
Men 78.4% 74.8% 72.8%
LAO Breakdown of costs by category
Engineers and executives 51% 48.9% 37.7%
Administrators, Technicians and Foremen 37% 39.1% 39.1%
Manual workers, 12% 11.9% 23.2%

(1) Includes business travel, excludes home/workplace travel.

(2) The data relates to over 84% of the Group's workforce at the end of December 2012 (annual survey).

(3) The data relates to over 87% of the Group's workforce at 12/31/2012.

(4) Temporary workforce included.

(5) Based on spot workforce year end.

(6) Acquisitions/disposals and temporary staff are not taken into account in the calculation.

(7) The data relates to over 94% of the Group's workforce on French territory.

(8) LTIR = Number of incidents with lost days x 1,000,000/number of hours worked. International standard indicator comparable to the
accident frequency rate.

LTDR = Number of lost days x 1,000,000/number of hours worked. International standard indicator comparable to the accident severity rate

(the latter, however, is calculated per thousand hours worked).

MIR = Number of accidents requiring medical treatment x 1,000,000/number of hours worked.

* Data includes service VDC headcount, or 33% of all VDC in 2012; 23% in 2011; 19% in 2010.

“ Part of the VDC services on total workforce: 11.8% in 2012; 10.4% in 2011; 8.9% in 2010.

UA = Unavailable/UP = Unpublished.

VDC, variable direct costs are Schneider Electric employees whose costs impact directly on the completion of business. They are included

under “blue collar". & 2012 audited indicators.

1 06 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 97 ---

7.3 Societal indicators

The data below was consolidated for the first time in 2010. It
is distributed based on declarative information submitted by
Foundation delegates.

It covers 80% of Schneider Electric employees and highlights
the importance of company and employee participation in the
Foundation’s approach to involvement towards local communities.

With more than EUR10.5 million in 201 2, the amount of contributions
to the Foundation’s actions includes the Foundation’s intervention

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
INDICATORS,

budget, the amount of the donations from the entities, the employees
and the partners, and the amount of donations in kind. With regard
to 2011, we observe a decrease of the total contribution, mainly
due to the decrease of donations in equipment. This item is indeed
much linked to the emergency and reconstruction actions deployed
further to natural disasters and, fortunately, no campaign of this
type was organized in 2012.

The number of employees involved in the Foundation’s actions is
increasing from 28,129 in 2011 to 35,741 in 2012.

Breakdown of the Foundation’s financial commitments

2012

FOUNDATION’S INTERVENTION BUDGET 4,000,000
Breakdown by program (in %)

Training and opportunities for young adults 68%

Emergency and post-emergency 0%

Raising awareness of sustainable development 7%

Employees’ volunteering / skills-based sponsorship 8%

Other (mainly involving employee/sponsorship expertise) 17%
Breakdown by region (in %)

Africa & Caribbean 12%

America 1%

Asia 51%

Europe 36%
Breakdown of contributions from employees and Schneider Electric entities
to the Foundation actions

2012

Total financial contribution (in euros)

From employees. 960,712

Of the Schneider Electric entity 3,946,161

From partners 440,625
TOTAL 5,347,498
Financial contribution per region (in %)

Africa & Caribbean 1%

America 72%"

Asia 23%

Europe 4%
DONATIONS IN PRODUCTS OR SERVICES FOR A PARTNER/PROJECT OF THE FOUNDATION (in euros) 1,198,916
Number of employees involved in the Foundation’s actions 35,741

* Of which Square D/Schneider Electric North America

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 07

2


--- Page 98 ---

> SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
INDICATORS,

Total budget for 2012 for the Foundation’s actions
FOUNDATION BUDGET, FINANCIAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND DONATIONS IN KIND (in euros) 10,546,414

Key performance indicators from the Planet & Society Barometer

Objectives for year end 2014 2012 2011
1. 1 million households at the Base of the Pyramid have access to energy 344,441 -& -
2. 30,000 people at the Base of the Pyramid trained in energy management 10,517 & -
3.300 missions with out via the “Schneider Electric Teachers” NGO 66a =

The 2011 performance serves as a Starting value for the Planet & Society Barometer Connect program between 2012 and 2014.

4 2012 Audited Indicators

Please refer to pages 92 to 94 for the methodological presentation of indicators and the following pages for the analysis of the results
(pages 86-87 for indicator 1, 87 for indicator 2 and 89 for indicator 3).

For more information visit:

© www.schneider-electric.com (> Company and Careers > Sustainability or > Foundation)

www.schneider-electric.com/barometer
www.schneider-electric.com/sri

* www.environment.schneider-electric.com

www.schneider-electric.com/bipbop, www.schneider-electric.com/bipbopmap
° www. foundation. schneider-electric.com

www.teachers.schneider-electric.org

To contact us:

Email: global-sustainability@schneider-electric.com

Mail: Schneider Electric

Sustainable Development Department address — 35, rue Joseph Monier, CS 30323 — 92506 Rueil-Malmaison Cedex, France

1 08 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 99 ---

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
INDICATORS,

. Global
Reporting
Initiative

Statement
GRI Application Level Check

GRI hereby states that Schneider Electric SA has presented its report “Registration Document 2012” to
GRI's Report Services which have concluded that the report fulfills the requirement of Application Level
B+.

GRi Application Levels communicate the extent to which the content of the G3.1 Guidelines has been
used in the submitted sustainability reporting. The Check confirms that the required set and number of
disclosures for that Application Level have been addressed in the reporting and that the GRI

Content index demonstrates a valid representation of the required disclosures, as described in the GRI
G3.1 Guidelines. For methodology, see www.globalreporting.org/SiteCollectionDocuments/ALC-Meth-
odology.pdf

Application Levels do not provide an opinion on the sustainability performance of the reporter nor the
quality of the information in the report.

Amsterdam, 11 March 2013

GRI REPORT
GRI CHECKED
Nelmara Arbex

Deputy Chief Executive
Global Reporting Initiative

The “+” has been added to this Application Level because Schneider Electric SA has submitted (part of)
this report for external assurance. GRi accepts the reporter's own criteria for choosing the relevant as-
surance provider,

The Globo! Reporting Initiative (GR!) 1s o network-bosed organization that has ploneered the development of the world’s most widely used
sustomnothlity reporting framewort and 4s committed to its Comtinuces improvement and appticotion workiwide The GA! Guidelines set out
the principles and indicators that organizations con wie to measure and report their economic, emwronmentol, aed social performance.
aww. globatreporting org

Déscloimer: Where the retevant pustainateity reporting ssciudes external links, inching to audio visuar material, this statement only com
cerns moterial submitted to GA at the time of the Check on I March 2019 GX explicitly excudes the statement being applied te any deter
changes to such material

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 09


--- Page 100 ---

2

an] 0 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 101 ---

4 BUSINESS REVIEW
TRENDS IN SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S CORE MARKETS

> 1. Trends in Schneider Electric’s core

markets

Industries and machine manufacturers

Our industry market experienced a contraction in 2012 after
enjoying a sharp rebound since the trough of the previous
recession mid 2009. Continuing debt crisis in the Euro zone along
with political uncertainty in China and the US have depressed
business and consumer confidence, leading companies to focus
on cost cutting and investment downscales. Trend stabilized
over the second semester.

In Western Europe, sovereign debt crisis and uncertainties over the
future of the zone led to plunging business confidence and lower
final demand. Furthermore, production capacity utilization declined,
reducing the need for equipment spending and maintenance. Some
improvements have been noticed at the end of the year.

In the US, trend slowed down in the second half after a strong
first semester, with manufacturing seeing slow growth abroad and
stalled business investments at home.

China, where the OEM market has by now become the largest
worldwide, slowed down after several years of double digit growth,

Non residential buildings

In the US, non-residential construction experienced a recovery
in 2012 as a whole, driven by industrial buildings, office and
retail, whereas government buildings, public education and
public healthcare segments decreased. However, trend slowed
down during the second semester, impacted by weaker foreign
environment and uncertainty regarding the fiscal cliff. Beyond
this short term volatility, the recovery was constrained by excess
capacity that still needed to be absorbed and continued tightness
in lending conditions.

Residential

impacted by deterioration in both inland manufacturing investments
and export. In addition, decreasing importation of machines in
China hit the OEM production of other regions abroad. In new
economies excluding China, market growth remained positive as a
whole, although penalized by a lower foreign demand.

On the end user side, investment cautiousness was felt in the
project business in the second half of the year. Cash constraints and
overall economic uncertainty reduced demand for new projects and
subsequent investments. This was particularly true for investments
in Mining-Mineral-Metals segment in the second half of the year. Yet
some investment areas remained very active in 2012 such as gas.

This reduction in capex came along with an increased focus on
production, with end users looking more into optimizing existing
assets through smaller opex projects and services. Success
of important water services contract in Sydney illustrates this
shift. Similarly, we benefited from the end user focus on energy
management, in particular in the Food & Beverage industry.

In Western Europe, non-residential construction declined further
in 2012 with the intensification of the implementation of austerity
policies and harsh lending conditions. The usual disparities between
countries should be highlighted: Iberian countries continued to
plunge while Nordic countries showed resilience in the face of the
European crisis.

Non residential construction slowed down in Australia and China,
dragged by past tight credit conditions over past quarters and less
favorable inland and foreign environment.

In Western Europe, 2011 trend showing improvement in housing
construction was not confirmed in 2012. Recovery was delayed
because of ongoing economic and sovereign debt crisis, bringing
austerity measures along with lack of confidence and rising
unemployment. Housing construction decreased in 2012 in
Europe, but a noticeable heterogeneity between countries has
to be underlined. Indeed, losses in South of Europe dampened
global European figures, while Germany, Norway, Switzerland,
outperformed other European countries.

In the US however, housing improved due to growing consumer
confidence and declining vacancy rates. An increase of 20% in

150 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

housing starts in 2012 supports evidence of this recovery, despite
avery low base. However, economic uncertainty and harsh lending
conditions continued to weigh down on residential construction.

In Asia Pacific, residential construction deteriorated in our main
markets. In Australia, residential construction declined sharply
in 2012, but housing starts showed first signs of recovery at year-
end. In China, housing starts decreased in 2012 after several year
of tremendous growth. This can be explained by the Chinese
government's policy, which aims to restrain developers’ activities
and to limit housing purchase.


--- Page 102 ---

Utilities and Infrastructures

Electrical Utilities

The investment pace of European utilities has been affected by
the ongoing crisis. North American utilities have maintained their
investment effort towards more efficiency, reliability and grid security.
Both geographies showed a particular focus on network renovation,
utility-scale renewable projects and energy efficiency, in a context
of weak or even negative consumption growth. In China, the
GDP slowdown impacted utility investments, while India has been
penalized by the slowing down in its economy as well as financing
constraints from certain players. The trend towards a smart grid
is now reaching all regions, stimulating innovation and enabling
advanced applications in distribution automation and advanced
distribution management systems. The increasing penetration level
of renewable energy, in conjunction with a greater demand side
participation in the grid management will be the main drivers for the
coming period (as a matter of fact, energy consumers have become
more active, with the ability for instance to inject renewable energy
into the grid or to modulate their consumption).

Data centers and Networks

BUSINESS REVIEW
TRENDS IN SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S CORE MARKETS

Oil and Gas

In 2012, Oil & Gas markets confirmed the recovery engaged
since 2010. With USD600 billion invested in Exploration & Production,
investment strongly grew again and far-exceeded the level reached
pre-crisis in 2008. Uncertainties caused by the geopolitical tensions
in Middle East and North Africa (Arabic spring), combined with the
sovereign debt turmoil have not altered the confidence of Oil & Gas
companies.

The Middle East continued to invest in production capacities (Saudi
Arabia, Gulf), while large developments were underway to ramp
up production on large fields in Iraq. In North America, investment
was sustained by the shale gas and oil sands development. Finally,
strong investments occurred in Brazil, Latin America, Australia, with
promising developments in Central Asia.

The global IT markets recovered modestly in 2012, impacted by
slow growth in Europe-Middle East-Africa, lower growth in China
and a slowdown in the US in the second half. After a challenging
2011, x86 server growth (a key market tracker) was slower than
expected in 2012. Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America did not
perform as well as in 2011. Meanwhile, the continued high growth
rates of tablets and smartphones and their impact on data storage
in the cloud were the bright story of the year.

Our transactional single phase market leveraged good dynamics
in emerging countries such as Africa, Asia and Russia, offsetting
slower growth in other economies.

The drivers for long term growth in Data Centers continued with
the migration to the Cloud and to larger Data Centers, where fast
growing Collocation and Cloud companies are battling with telcos
and IT outsourcers. The high growth in Cloud and Collocation led
to a significant slowdown in the largest segment of the datacenter
market: internal datacenters within the enterprise (as enterprise
applications and services have migrated to these segments). Strong
IT business customers in the Collocation segment, benefiting from
continued access to capital markets or from the backing of large
Private Equity groups, have accelerated their development. These
companies accelerated their international expansion as well to meet
growing global demand.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 151

4


--- Page 103 ---

4 BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,

> 2. Reviewof the consolidated
financial statements

Review of business and consolidated statement of income

Changes in the scope of consolidation

Acquisitions

On May 4, 2012, Schneider Electric announced that it has
signed an agreement to acquire M&C Energy Group (“M&O”), a
fast-growing company specialized in energy procurement and
sustainability services for both multinationals and small to medium
sized enterprises.

M&C provides its customers with energy procurement, compliance
and performance optimization services mostly on recurring
subscription basis. The Company has more than 500 employees
including 300 energy specialists and an international presence
with 21 offices across 15 countries, particularly in Europe and
Asia-Pacific.

M&C will be consolidated in Group’s financial statements from
July 1, 2012.

Acquisitions and disposals that took place in 2011
and that had an impact on the 2012 financial
statements*

The following entities were acquired during financial year 2011 and
their consolidation on a full-year basis for financial year 2012 had a
scope effect compared to financial year 2011:

¢ Lee Technologies, consolidated as from April 1, 2011;
© Summit Energy, consolidated as from April 14, 2011;

© DIGILINK, consolidated as from May 13, 2011;
¢ APW President Systems, consolidated as from May 19, 2011;

e Luminous Power Technologies,
June 1, 2011;

* Steck Da Amazonia Industria Electrica, consolidated as from
July 20, 2011;

© Telvent GIT, consolidated as from August 31, 2011;

¢ Leader & Harvest Power Technologies Holdings, consolidated as
from October 11, 2011.

consolidated as from

Changes in foreign exchange rates

Changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the euro had a
material impact over the year. This positive effect amounts to
EUR981 million on consolidated revenue and to EUR171 million on
Adjusted EBITA (1).

Revenue

On December 31, 2012, the consolidated revenue of Schneider
Electric totaled EUR23,946 million, an increase of 7.2% at current
scope and exchange rates compared to December 31, 2011

This growth breaks down into an organic decrease of 0.7%, a
contribution of acquisitions net of disposals of 3.5% and a positive
exchange rate effect of 4.4%.

Changes in revenue by operating segment

The Power business generated revenues of EUR8,738 million, or
37% of the consolidated total. This represents an increase of +5.8%
on a reported basis and +0.5% like-for-like. This performance
reflects growth in the Solution business, benefiting from continued
investments in infrastructure, oil & gas, mining and data centers,
partly offset by the significant decline of solar energy projects.
Product business was stable: stronger construction and industrial
markets in North America, South America and Russia helped to
balance the decline in Western Europe, Australia and China.

The Infrastructure business generated revenues of
EURS5,366 million, or 22% of the consolidated total. This represents
an increase of +9.6% on a reported basis and -1.5% like-for-
like. Both Products and Solutions declined. Growth of secondary
distribution products, driven mainly by utility and oil & gas

segments, only partially offset the decline in primary distribution
components, reflecting challenging market conditions in some key
new economies. The Solution business benefited from investments
in resource-intensive industries as well as growth in installed base
services, but saw a decline in sales of substations and equipments,
weighed down primarily by reduced spending in Western Europe.

The Industry business generated revenues of EUR4,483 million, or
19% of the consolidated total. This represents an increase of 2.0%
on a reported basis and -3.8% like-for-like. The Solution business
continued to expand at double-digit, aided by the robust trends
of mining and oil & gas segments in new economies, continued
success of the OEM machine solutions and positive trends in
services. The product business remained negative across the Board
as reduced capacity utilization in Western Europe, China and Japan

Correspond to the dates on which the Group gained control of the acquired companies

(1) Adjusted EBITA is EBITA before restructuring costs and before other operating income and expenses, which includes acquisition, integration

and separation costs.

152 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 104 ---

impacted machine builders and general manufacturing segments.
The business’ organic decline was much less pronounced in the
second half than in the first half.

The IT business generated revenues of EUR3,677 million, or 15%
of the consolidated total. This represents an increase of +13.6% on
a reported basis and +2.7% like-for-like. Solutions showed modest
growth on the back of solid trends for services, partly offset by
customer cautiousness towards new datacenter investment in the
mature countries. Products were slightly positive, primarily driven by
sustained demand for secured power from new economies, such

Gross profit

BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

as Russia or South East Asia, and by the success of the Luminous
offer in India.

The Buildings business generated revenues of EUR1,682 million,
or 7% of the consolidated total. This represents an increase of
+8.4% on a reported basis and -3.1% like-for-like. Products were
impacted by tough market conditions for video security products
and Solutions were slightly negative due to lower related public
spending in Western Europe and a decline of advanced services
in the US

Gross profit increased from EUR8,387 million for the year ended
December 31, 2011 to EUR9,057 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012, or 8.0%. This increase was gathered through
2011 acquisitions and through the price actions as well as costs

discipline led since the second semester of 2011. As a percentage
of revenues, gross profit increased 0.3 points from 37.5% in 2011 to
37.8% in 2012 due to the significant price actions and to the industrial
productivity that had more than offset the negative effects of mix.

Support Function costs : Research and development and selling,

general and administrative expenses

Research and development expenses, excluding capitalized
development costs and development costs reported as cost
of sales, decreased by 5.9% from EUR539 million for the year
ended December 31, 2011 to EUR507 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012. As a percentage of revenues, the net cost of
research and development decreased slightly to 2.1% of revenues
in 2012 (2.4% in 2011).

Total research and development expense, including capitalized
development costs and development costs reported as cost
of sales (see note 4 to the Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements) increased by 8.1% from EUR979 million for the
year ended December 31, 2011 to EUR1,058 million for the
year ended December 31, 2012. As a percentage of revenues,
total research and development expenses remain stable at 4.4%
for the year ended December 31, 2012 and for the year ended
December 31, 2011.

Other operating income and expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2012, other operating income
and expenses amounted to a net expense of EUR10 million,
including costs linked to acquisitions for EUR52 milion, a
EUR21 million gain on the curtailment of a U.S. employee benefit
plan and miscellaneous other operating incomes and expenses
amounting to a net of EUR21 million. Costs linked to acquisitions
are acquisition, integration and separation costs on 2011 and 2012
acquisitions, notably Telvent and M&C. Net other operating income
includes mainly reversal of provisions for litigation or claims that
expired on December 31, 2012.

In 2012, the net effect of capitalized development costs and
amortization of capitalized development costs amounts to
EUR153 million on operating income (EUR122 million in 2011).

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 8.1%
from EUR4,658 million for the year ended December 31, 2011
to EUR5,035 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. As
a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative
expenses represented 21 .0% for the year ended December 31, 2012
(compared to 20.8% for the year ended December 31, 2011), cost
control allowing compensating most of inflation and investments.

Combined, total support function costs, that is, research and
development expenses together with selling, general and
administrative costs, totaled EUR5,542 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012 compared to EUR5,197 million for the year
ended December 31, 2011, an increase of 6.6%. However, our
support functions costs to sales ratio decreased from 23.3% for
the year ended December 31, 2011 to 23.1% for the year ended
December 31, 2012.

For the year ended December 31, 2011, other operating income
and expenses amounted to a net expense of EUR8 million, including
costs linked to acquisitions for EUR99 million, a EUR45 million
gain on the curtailment of a U.S. employee benefit plan and
miscellaneous other operating incomes and expenses amounting to
anet of EUR46 million. Costs linked to acquisitions are acquisition,
integration and separation costs on 2010 and 2011 acquisitions,
notably Areva, Telvent and Leader & Harvest. Net other operating
income includes mainly reversal of provisions for litigation or claims
that expired on December 31, 2011.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 153

4


--- Page 105 ---

4 BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,

Restructuring costs

For the year ended December 31, 2012, restructuring costs
amounted to EUR164 million compared to EUR145 million for the

EBITA and Adjusted EBITA

We define EBITA as earnings before interest, taxes and amortization
of purchase accounting intangibles. EBITA comprises operating
profit before amortization and impairment of purchase accounting
intangible assets and before goodwill impairment.

We define adjusted EBITA as EBITA before restructuring costs
and before other operating income and expenses, which includes
acquisition, integration and separation costs.

Adjusted EBITA amounted to EUR3,515 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012, compared to EUR3,190 million for the year
ended December 31, 2011, an increase of 10.2%, as the result of

year ended December 31, 2011. These costs related to industrial
and support functions restructurings.

effective cost control and continuous focus on price actions. As a
percentage of revenues, adjusted EBITA increased from 14.3% for
the year ended December 31, 2011 to 14.7% for the year ended
December 31, 2012.

EBITA increased 10.0% from EUR3,037 million for the year ended
December 31, 2011 to EUR3,341 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012, thanks to the strong increase of Adjusted
EBITA and despite the increase of restructuring costs in line with
initiatives from Connect program. As a percentage of revenues,
EBITA increased to 14.0% for the year ended December 31, 2012
(13.6% for the year ended December 31, 2011).

EBITA and Adjusted EBITA by business segment

The following table sets out EBITA and adjusted EBITA by business segment:

Corporate
(in millions of euros) Power Infrastructure Industry Buildings costs
Full year 2012
Revenues 8,738 5,366 4,483 3,677 1,682 - 23,946
Adjusted EBITA* 1,813 575 823 698 107 (601) 3,515
Adjusted EBITA (%) 20.7% 10.7% 18.4% 19.0% 6.4% - 14.7%
Other operating income and expense 17 (6) (2) (3) (3) (13) (10)
Restructuring costs (64) (32) (21) (4) (12) (11) (164)
EBITA 1,746 537 800 691 92 (625) 3,341
EBITA (%) 20.0% 10.0% 17.8% 18.8% 5.5% 14.0%
* Adjusted EBITA: EBITA before restructuring costs and before other operating income and expenses

Corporate
(in millions of euros) Power Infrastructure Industry Buildings costs
Full year 2011*
Revenues 8,262 4,897 4,397 3,237 1,552 - 22,345
Adjusted EBITA™ 1,705 511 774 523 145 (468) 3,190
Adjusted EBITA (%) 20.6% 10.4% 17.6% 16.2% 9.3% 14.3%
Other operating income and expense 49 (27) 4 (17) (8) (9) (8)
Restructuring costs (75) (19) (24) (o) (11) (7) (145)
EBITA 1,679 465 754 497 126 (484) 3,037
EBITA (%) 20.3% 9.5% 17.1% 15.4% 8.1% 13.6%

* The 2011 figures were restated for the item disclosed in note 1.2 of the consolidated financial statements, thus EUR42 million for the
Group out of which EUR35 million for Power and EUR7 million for Industry as a reduction of revenues, EBITA and Adjusted EBITA.
** Adjusted EBITA: EBITA before restructuring costs and before other operating income and expenses.

1 54 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC


--- Page 106 ---

Power recorded an adjusted EBITA margin of 20.7% for the year
ended December 31, 2012, up 0.1% compared to 20.6% for the
year ended December 31, 2011, due to sustained pricing and
productivity gains, offsetting negative geographical mix and costs
related to new product launches.

Infrastructure recorded an adjusted EBITA margin of 10.7% for the
year ended December 31, 2012, up 0.3% compared to 10.4% for
the year ended December 31, 2011, reflecting strict cost control
and synergies delivered by acquisition integration.

Industry recorded an adjusted EBITA margin of 18.4% for the year
ended December 31, 2012, up 0.8% compared to 17.6% for the
year ended December 31, 2011, demonstrated strong resilience to
negative volume and unfavorable mix, thanks to pricing discipline,
productivity and good cost control.

Operating income (EBIT)

BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

IT recorded an adjusted EBITA margin of 19.0% for the year
ended December 31, 2012, up 2.8% compared to 16.2% for the
year ended December 31, 2011, helped by positive volume, price
actions, productivity gains, and improved solutions profitability.

Buildings recorded an adjusted EBITA margin of 6.4% for the year
ended December 31, 2012, down 2.9% compared to 9.3% for
the year ended December 31, 2011, reflecting the softness of the
construction markets in its key countries and difficulties of the video
security activity.

Corporate costs amounted to EUR501 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012 or 2.1% of Group revenues, stable compared
to the year ended December 31, 2011 (2.1% of Group revenues or
EUR468 million).

Operating income (EBIT) increased from EUR2,811 million for
the year ended December 31, 2011 to 2,866 million for the year
ended December 31, 2012, an increase of 2.0% despite a goodwill
impairment on Buildings CGU of EUR250 million before tax effect

Net financial income/loss

and an increase of amortization of intangibles linked to business
combinations of EUR16million (EUR224 million on the year ended
December 31, 2012 compared to EUR208 million on the year
ended December 31, 2011).

Net financial loss amounted to EUR405 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012, compared to EUR415 million for the year
ended December 31, 2011. This decrease is mainly linked to the
decrease in other financial incomes and costs, from a net expense
of EUR114 million for year ended December 31, 2011 to a net
expense of EURS6 million for year ended December 31, 2012.
This is mainly due to the decrease of exchange loss (EUR21 million

Tax

in 2012 compared to EUR40 million in 2011) and to the gain on Axa
investment sale of EUR11 million.

Within the net financial loss, the increase in the cost of net financial
debt from EUR301 million for year ended December 31, 2011 to
EUR349 million for year ended December 31, 2012 is triggered by
the increase in the average net debt between those two periods.

The effective tax rate was 23.1% for the year ended December 31, 2012, slighty increasing compared to 22.8% for the year ended
December 31, 2011. The corresponding tax expense increased from EUR547 million for the year ended December 31, 2011 to EUR568 million

for the year ended December 31, 2012.

Share of profit/(losses) of associates

The share of profit of associates amounted to EUR34 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, compared to EUR28 million for the year
ended December 31, 2011, thanks to the increasing contribution of Electroshield in Russia and Sunten in China.

Non-controlling interests

Minority interests in net income for the year ended December 31, 2012 totaled EUR87 million, compared to EUR84 million for the year
ended December 31, 2011. This represented the share in net income attributable, in large part, to the minority interests of certain Chinese

companies.

Profit for the period

Profit for the period attributable to the equity holders of our
parent company amounted to EUR1,840 million for the year
ended December 31, 2012, that is a 2.6% increase over the
EUR1,793 million profit for the year ended December 31, 2011.

Before goodwill impairment of Buildings CGU of EUR250 million
before tax effect and EUR183 million after tax effect in 2012 (and

EUR15 million of goodwill impairment in 2011), the profit for the
period attributable to the equity holders of our parent company
amounted to EUR2,023 million for the year ended December 31,
2012, an increase of 11.9% compared to EUR1,808 million in 2011.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

155

4


--- Page 107 ---

4 BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,

Earnings per share

Earnings per share increased to EUR3.39 for the year ended
December 31, 2012 from EUR3.34 for the year ended December 31,
2011 (taking into account the division of the nominal value of the
shares by two, effective as of September 2, 2011).

Consolidated cash-flow

Before goodwill impairment of Buildings CGU of EUR183 million
after tax effect in 2012 (and EUR15 million of goodwill impairment
in 2011), earnings per share amounted to EUR3.73 for the year
ended December 31, 2012, an increase of 11.0% compared to
EUR3.36 for the year ended December 31, 2011.

Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in operating
assets and liabilities reached EUR2,802 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012, up 10.4% compared to EUR2,537 million for
the year ended December 31, 2011, and represented 11.7% of
revenue in 2012 compared with 11.4% in 2011.

Change in working capital requirement consumed EUR1 million
in cash in the year ended December 31, 2012, compared
to EUR285 milion in consumption in the year ended
December 31,2011, in the framework of Connect initiatives to
improve inventory management.

In all, net cash provided by operating activities increased 24.4%
from EUR2,252 million in the year ended December 31, 2011 to
EUR2,801 million in the year ended December 31, 2012.

Investing Activities

Net capital expenditure, which included capitalized development
projects, decreased 3.6% to EUR719 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012, compared to EUR746 million for the year
ended December 31, 2011, and represented 3.0% of revenues.

1 56 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Our acquisitions represented a cash outflow, net of cash acquired,
of EUR242 million for the year ended December 31, 2012,
corresponding partially to M&C, compared to EUR2,873 million
in the year ended December 31, 2011 corresponding mainly to
acquisitions of Telvent, Luminous, Leader & Harvest and Summit.

The proceeds from sale of financial assets in 2012 correspond to the
proceeds net of fees of the sale of AXA shares in September 2012.

Financing Activities

The bond issuance of EUR601 million corresponds to a
USD800 million bond issue in September 2012 due 2022 in
the United States, by way of a private placement to institutional
investors only (including to qualified institutional buyers in the United
States) at 2.95% fixed rate.

The net decrease in other financial debts amount to
EUR585 million during the year ended December 31, 2012,
compared to an increase of EUR432 million during the year ended
December 31, 2011. The dividend paid by Schneider Electric was
EUR919 million the year ended December 31, 2012, compared
with EUR856 million the year ended December 31, 2011.


--- Page 108 ---

BUSINESS REVIEW
OUTLOOK

> 3. Review of the parent company
financial statements

Schneider Electric SA posted total portfolio revenues of
EUR372 million in 2012 compared with EUR1,436 million the
previous year. Schneider Electric Industries SAS, the main
subsidiary, paid dividends of EUR300 million in 2012 compared with
EUR1,300 million in 2011. Interest expense net of interest income
amounted to EUR151 million versus EUR84 million the year before.

Current income amounted to EUR207 million in 2012 compared to
EUR1,336 million in 2011.

On December 30, 2011, Schneider Electric SA invoiced Schneider
Electric Industries SAS a financial compensation for the use of the
trademark Schneider Electric for EUR1.2 billion.

Net profit stood at EUR225 million compared with EUR2,604 million
in 2011.

Equity before appropriation of net profit amounted to
EUR11,229 million at December 31, 2012 versus EUR11,701 million
at the previous year-end, after taking into account 2012 profit,
dividend payments of EUR919 million and share issues in an
amount of EUR222 million.

Schneider Electric SA issued in September 2012 a USD800 million
bond due 2022 in the United States, by way of a private placement
to institutional investors only (including to qualified institutional
buyers in the United States) at 2.95% fixed rate.

> 4. Review of subsidiaries

Schneider Electric Industries SAS

Revenue totaled EURS.6 billion in 2012 same as in 2011

The subsidiary posted an operating loss of EUR69 million in 2012 compared with an operating loss of EUR88 million in 2011.
Net profit amounted to EUR1,061 million in 2012 compared with EUR992 million in 2011.

> 5. Outlook

Schneider Electric expects the economic environment to remain mixed in 2013 with continued challenges in Western Europe, opportunities
for acceleration in the new economies and a slow recovery in North America.

Based on current market conditions, the Group targets a low-single digit organic growth in revenues and a stable to slightly up adjusted

EBITA margin for the year 2013.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 157

4
