

--- Page 1 ---

Consolidated
Management
Report 2012

Repsol Group

General overview and economic-financial information
Macroeconomic environment
The Group's activities.
Organizational structure
Strategic plan 2012-2016
Expropriation of Repsol Group shares in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A.
Results
Financial overview
Risk factors
Business areas
Upstream.
Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)
Downstream
Gas Natural Fenosa
Corporate areas
People management.
Innovation and technology
Corporate responsibility
Safety and environment
Sustainable energy and climate change.
Communication
Intangible assets management
Sports sponsorship

Repsol’s new headquarters

179
79
180
180
181
182

186
190
197
198
216
28
228
231
231
241
243
247
249
250
252
253
254


--- Page 2 ---

Translation ofa report originally issued in Spanish.
Inthe event ofa discrepancy, the Spanish language
version prevails.

We

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

General overview
and economic-financial
information

INTERNATIONAL PRICES

S/bbl

0
no
100
90
80
yo

60

Jam2 Mar2 Juma Sepr2 Deci2

© Brent

own

Macroeconomic environment

In 2012 the economic recovery continued, albeit with less force, driven by growth in emerging
economies. Global Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth slowed from 3.8% to 3.2% per year,
chiefly due to a relapse into recession in the Eurozone. In 2013 economic activity is expected
to increase and forecasts for 2014 place the growth at close to 4%.

Highlights for 2012 include the relative strength of the two leading economies: United States
and China. The United States economy grew annually by 2.2% compared to 1.8% in 2011,
thanks to continued improvement in consumer spending and private employment along with
important developments in oil and gas industry. China, the world's second-largest economy,
grew by 7.9% year-on-year thanks to its wide margin of monetary policy flexibility and the
implementation of ambitious domestic reform and investment programs that reduced its
balance of trade surplus from 9% of GDP in 2008 to around 3% today.

Growth in Latin America remained stable although moderating to 3% owing to less favorable
external conditions. Likewise the growth in the value of exports fram the region slowed from
23,93 in 2011 to an estimated variation of 1.63% in 2012.

In developed economies, efforts to reduce public and private debt, coupled with the fragility
of the financial system, kept growth down. This has particularly been the case in a number
of eurozone countries.

The link between bank risk and sovereign risk in Europe acquired singular importance in 2012
In June, once the deadline to achieve the capitalization ratios imposed by the European Banking
Authority (EBA) to systemic banks had expired, the Spanish government requested financial
aid from the European Union to recapitalize several financial institutions. Spain's eurozone
partners made €100,000 million available and agreed to move towards a European Banking
Union under a supranational supervisor with a common deposit guarantee fund and powers
to directly recapitalize or, if necessary, liquidate banks in any member state

‘A major turning point in the eurozone crisis occurred in July following the unambiguous
defense by the European Central Bank of the irreversibility of the euro and the announcement
ofits willingness to buy, under certain conditions, government bonds of member states facing
difficulties. All this, coupled with the negotiations that succeeded in preventing the United
States fiscal cliff, reduced uncertainty in the markets and allowed a recovery in confidence,
increasing the appetite for risk

With regard to the Spanish economy, the effects of fiscal consolidation, the negative evolution
of the job market and the credit crunch converted external demand into the chief source of
dynamism for domestic activity. However, the contribution ofthe external sector failed to offset
declines in both public and private consumption or investment. Therefore 2012 ended with
GDP down by 1.436. There were also some positive trends throughout the year in key variables
such as further adjustments of unit labor costs, improvements in the current account balance
and increased private sector activity.

Oil price correction

2012 has been a year of strong oil price volatility, in response to upheavals in the economic
and geopolitical context. However, in the annual averages of Brent crude barrel, the 2012
price remained just above the price of 20n, ie. $111.67 per barrel compared to $111.30 in the
previous year. In euros, the prices were €86.86 per barrel in 2012 compared to €79.95 in 2011.
The price profile underwent three very distinct stages throughout the year.

179


--- Page 3 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

In the first stage, from January to March, the uncertainty generated by the possible closure of
the Strait of Hormuz by Iran represented a geopolitical premium on prices that led to Brent
crude to trade above $125 per barrel

Then, during the period from March to June, the tension from conflict eased and gave way to
concerns about weak economic growth both in Europe and China. All this led to a reduction
in the price of Brent crude of almost $30 fram its peak in March

From August onwards Brent prices fluctuated between $109 and $113, responding up or down
according to geopolitical and economic factors. The spread between the main international oil
types, Brent and WTI, again reached a maximum towards the end of the year with an annual
average spread of $17 per barrel. Among the factors influencing this spread, has been the
significant new increase in the production of Light Tight Oil in the United States

The Group's activities

Repsol Groups activities are divided into four business areas, three of which correspond to
integrated strategic divisions and include the group's entities in the following areas:
Upstream, relating to the exploration and production of oil and natural gas;

LNG, relating to midstream operations (liquefaction, transport and regasification) of natural
gas and to market operations for natural gas and liquefied natural gas; and

Downstream, corresponding to refining and marketing activities involving oil products, chem-
icals, and liquefied petroleum gas

Finally, Gas Natural Fenosa, represents Repsol's strategic stake in the Gas Natural Fenosa
Group, which mainly engages in natural gas marketing and the generation, distribution,
and marketing of electricity

Until financial year 2012 the Group had also considered YPF as a business area, which
included the operations of YPF S.A. and its Group companies. Repsol has lost control of
YPF S.A. since the Argentinian government began the expropriation proceedings for part
of the Group's shareholdings in that company (see the section "Expropriation of Repsol
Group shares in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A.")

Organizational structure

The Annual General Meeting is the sovereign corporate body through which the shareholders
can take part in the company's key decisions, while the Board of Directors is responsible for
the governance, management and administration of the company's business interests for all
‘matters not reserved to the competence of the General Meeting,

In general, the Board of Directors entrusts the day-to-day handling of ordinary business to
the Executive Committee and the management team, concentrating its efforts on general
supervision and considering matters of particular importance to the company.

To ensure greater efficiency and transparency in the performance ofits functions, the Board
of Directors has appointed internal committees with executive and consulting powers: the
Delegate Committee, acting as a delegated body of the Board, the Audit and Contral Committee,
the Nomination and Compensation Committee and the Strategy, Investment and Corporate
Social Responsibility Committee which are three special committees that carry out supervision,
information, consulting and proposal tasks

The Executive Committee, consisting of the Chief Executive Officer and the General Directors,
is responsible for defining and implementing the strategy and control of Repsol Group's
operations.

Change in the organizational structure

To promote the development of the new Strategic Plan and with a focus on its future outlook,
in May 2012 a new top level organizational structure was approved. To facilitate business
growth, a Business Units Executive Managing division (COO) was created along with two
new executive divisions (EMD Exploration and Production and EMD Industrial and New
Energy Unit) that joined as new members of the Executive Committee. A new Executive
division of Sales and Marketing merged the European and Global LPG sales departments.
Furthermore, a Control and Strategy Executive Managing division was created with the

180

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

aim of promoting the active development of the company's strategy, based on anticipating
opportunities, controlling management and promoting technology as the driving force for
transformation

This process of change came to a head in November with the approval by the Executive
Committee of the deployment of these modifications throughout the company's organization
hierarchy and different divisions.

‘On one hand changes were introduced in the business areas. In Exploration and Production,
the Safety and the Environment division was promoted to first level; confirming its priority
status for the business, and its technical functions and research roles were reinforced. In
EMD Industrial and New Energy, the new organizational structure aims to develop synergies
between the industrial compounds to maximize their efficiency and strengthen the Chemicals
internationalization strategy. In the Executive division of Sales and Marketing the changes
respond to the need to create more synergies between the businesses that make up the
Executive division of Sales and Marketing, with the aim of ensuring operational excellence
and cost optimization

‘On the other hand, changes were introduced in the field of corporate functions aimed, firstly,
at strengthening the long-term strategic vision and channeling efforts towards strategic
objectives by strengthening the company's risk management mechanisms and, secondly,
to develop and deploy the corporate culture based on the necessary values and conduct
and to enhance the professional progress and training of personnel

Rw

Strategic plan 2012-2016

In recent years Repsol has consolidated a growth strategy that has enabled it to develop new
areas of business, diversify its portfolio of assets and incorporate key projects that today
uphold its position in the global energy sector.

Following the publication of the Law to expropriate the Repsol Group's shares in YPF S.A
and YPF Gas S.A. (see section below "Expropriation of Repsol Group shares in YPF S.A. and
YPF Gas S.A.) on May 29, 2012 Repsol presented its Strategic Plan for 2012-2016, based on
the following strategies:

Upstream growth

Maximizing Downstream and LNG returns

Financial strength

Competitive shareholder remuneration

1) Upstream Growth (Exploration and Production)

The Upstream sector drives Repsol's growth and focuses on investments in exploration activity
and the development of 10 key projects, among which are some of the most significant oil
finds in recent years. These projects are.

1. Sapinhoa (formerly Guard) in Brazil

2. Carioca in Brazil

Mid-continent in United States (Mississippi Lime)
Reggane in Algeria

Lubina - Montanazo in Spain

AROG in Russia

Margarita-Huacaya in Bolivia

Kinteroni in Peru

wor anny

Carabobo in Venezuela
10.Cardén IV in Venezuela

The estimated investment for the period 2012-2016 in the Upstream branch is €14,700 million,
representing roughly 77% of the total investments under the Strategic Plan. The average
annual investment in the Upstream business stands at €2,940 million, exceeding investment
in previous years by 20%.

The 10 major projects involve a total combined investment of €6,700 million. In addition
to these key projects other contingent resources will continue to be outlined such as those
already drilled in Alaska, Brazil (Seat, Pao de Acuicar, Gavea, Malombe Iguacu, Piracuca-Pan-

18)


--- Page 4 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

oramix-Vampira, Albacora pre-salt), Libya (NC200), Sierra Leone and the Gulf of Mexico
(Buckskin), which together with the exploitation of the producing fields represent a total
investment during the period of €4,000 million

Finally, an annual average of $1,000 milion will be devoted to exploration; corresponding to
about 25-30 wells per year.

The goal for 2016 is to increase hydrocarbon production by more than 200,000 barrels of
oil equivalent per day, with an average annual growth of over 7%, while achieving a reserve
replacement ratio of over 120%.

2)Maximizing Downstream and LNG returns

The Downstream area has become a source of cash flow, with the successful completion and
commissioning of the expansions at the Cartagena and Petronor (Bilbao) refineries, which
increased Repsol's conversion capacity and operational efficiency.

This expansion is expected to produce an improvement in refining margins of between $2
and $3 per barrel processed throughout Repsol's refineries in Spain.

The average free cash flow expected to be generated by the Downstream area is €1,200 million
per year and the average investment stands at 750 million per year in that period. These
investments are primarily in the maintenance of industrial and commercial installations along
with energy and operational efficiency improvements, representing a reduction of so% on the
average annual investment over the period 2008-201

Meanwhile, Repsol's liquefied natural gas (LNG) business will take advantage ofthe integration
across the value chain, with the objective of maximizing the profitability of Repsol's portfolio
of assets in the Atlantic and Pacific basins.

3) Financial strength

Repsol's financial position and the divestment of non-strategic assets will enable the self-
financing of the investments included in the 2012-2016 Strategic Plan, maintaining the Group's
credit rating,

4) Competitive shareholder remuneration

The last of Repsol's strategic pillars is to establish a competitive remuneration policy for its
shareholders.

Expropriation of Repsol Group shares in YPF S.A.
and YPF Gas S.A.

On April 16, the Argentinian government began proceedings to expropriate YPF and YPF
Gas (formerly "Repsol YPF Gas S.A.", changing its name to "YPF Gas S.A." according to the
agreement of the general meeting of shareholders of that company held on July 6, 2012, and
challenged by Repsol, see Note 1 ofthe Consolidated Financial Statements) from Repsol Group.
That day, it decreed the takeover of the company, appointing an intervenor with all of the
powers ofits Board of Directors. This intervenor immediately assumed control of management.
After a fast parlamentary procedure, Law 26,741, which declares the 519% of Class D shares
in YPF S.A. and the 51% of shares in Repsol YPF Gas, S.A. owned by the Repsol Group of
public interest and subject to expropriation, entered into force on May 7. Since that date, the
Argentinian government has had the authority to exercise the rights conferred by the shares
to be expropriated without any prior payment of compensation.

From that point onwards, the appropriate expropriation process should be set in motion. In
accordance with Argentine Law, a fair and adequate compensation should be established -if
necessary by 2 court ruling and paid prior to the occupation and acquisition of the expropriated
assets.

Both the general meetings of shareholders of YPF, SA, held on June 4 and July 17, 2012, as
well as the general meeting of YPF Gas, S.A., held on July 6, 2012, have been challenged by
Repsol, S.A, and by Repsol Butano, S.A., respectively, considering, among other arguments, that
they were not validly constituted as having derived from an illegitimate and unconstitutional
expropriation process.

According to Repsol, the expropriation is manifestly unlawful and highly discriminatory (it
only affects YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A. and no other oil and gas companies in Argentina;
while also additionally itis expropriating solely the participating interest of one shareholder of
YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A., namely Repsol, and not the other shareholders), the public interest

182

b)

i)

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

it pursues is not justified in any way and itis a clear breach of the obligations assumed by the
Argentinian government when the privatization of YPF took place.

Repsol has already initiated legal actions for (I) the violation of the "Agreement between the
Argentinian Republic and the Kingdom of Spain on the Reciprocal Promotion and Protection
of Investments "; (II) the unconstitutionality of the takeover of YPF and YPF Gas and of the
temporary seizure by the Argentinian government of the rights over 51% of the shares in
YPF SA and YPF Gas SA directly or indirectly owned by Repsol, S.A. and Repsol Butano, S.A.,
respectively; (III) the failure of the Argentinian government to meet its obligation to launch a
tender offer for the shares of YPF S.A. before taking control of the company; (IV) other legal
proceedings brought to prevent illegitimate use by third parties of certain assets belonging
to YPF.

Repsol is confident that such a flagrant violation of the most fundamental principles of legal
certainty and respect for business done in good faith will not be ignored by the international
investment community, and will receive the appropriate response from the courts and bodies
for the settlement of international disputes.

The accounting effect of these events is reflected in the Group's Financial Statements 2012.
Repsol has lost control of the management of YPF and YPF Gas and, accordingly, it shall
proceed with its deconsolidation as from April 16, involving

Derecognize all assets, liabilities, and minority interests, as well as translation differences as
appropriate.

The net amount of this de-recognition amounts to €4,779 million, of which, €4,720 million
relates to YPF, and the rest related to YPF Gas. This amount includes €605 million of curmu-
lative exchange differences in the equity of both companies up to the time control was lost.

Revalue other assets and liabilities related to investments in YPF affected by the change in
control and the expropriation process. This includes the loans and guarantees related to
Petersen Group's financing of the acquisition of its ownership interest in YPF.

The net value of assets derecognized for this concept initially stood at €1,402 million, matching
the provision provided for the share of the loan granted by Repsol that is not covered by the
pledge of shares. On the other hand the Group recorded a provision for liabilities and expenses
totaling €54 million which covers the maximum liabilities undertaken by Repsol, as guarantor
of Petersen, less the value of the shares pledged as a counter-guarantee (0.56% of the share
capital of YPF).

Recognize the shareholding of Repsol Group in YPF and YPF Gas S.A. as a financial invest-
ment (shares), from the shares subject to expropriation -which still belong to the Group as
well as the remaining shares owned by Repsol Group (51% subject to expropriation of both
companies and 6.439 regarding YPF and 33.997% regarding YPF Gas in remaining shares at
the end of the period)

These shares, for accounting purposes, have been valuated according to their fair or realizable
value

In the case of YPF shares not subject to expropriation, this fair value will be the official market
price at which these shares are traded.

In the case of the YPF shares subject to expropriation, which are not publicly listed, the fair
value corresponds to the expected recoverable value as a result of the expropriation process,
which in turn should be established based on the market value of such shares before any
threat of expropriation emerged, calculated in accordance with internationally accepted
methods for valuing companies and as ultimately determined in the arbitration proceedings
at the International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) which Repsol has
recently initiated

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Repsol has pointed out since the day after the expropriation
that, regardless of the market value of the shares to which it is entitled, Articles 7 and 28
of the by-law of YPF S.A. state that, if control is taken by the Argentinian Government, the
purchaser must launch a tender offer for all the Class D shares of YPF S.A., with a price
payable in cash and calculated in accordance with predetermined criteria that constitute,
for the purposes of accounting the shares, a valid reference for estimating the minimum
compensation that Repsol should obtain. According to the estimate by Repsol of the amount
resulting from the application of this method, the valuation of 100% of YPF, at the time of
the expropriation, is not less than $18,300 million (€13,864 million, calculated at the closing
exchange rate on December 31, 2012), and $9,333 million (€7,070 million) for the 5196 stake
subject to expropriation,

183,


--- Page 5 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

dj

However, for accounting purposes, it should be remembered the risks and uncertainties
inherent to estimations of future events that, to a large extent, are beyond Repsol's control
For this reason, the company has prudently focused on recognizing the shares subject to
expropriation in the accounting records, avoiding a situation where a higher valuation forces
the initial recognition of a profit arising from the expropriation process that, to date, is still
a contingency.

For the reasons stated above, the shares in YPF (51% subject to expropriation and 6.43% in
remaining shares) have been initially recognized for a value of €5,623 million while the shares
in YPF Gas (those subject to expropriation and the remaining stake) at €50 million

Any amendment to the hypotheses considered reasonable both in the jurisdictional processes
and the valuation of the rights expropriated could result in positive or negative changes in the
amount for which the shares in YPF and YPF Gas have been recognized and, therefore, could
have an impact on the Group's financial statements

Recognize deferred tax assets of €524 million resulting from the tax effects of the abovemien-
tioned operations.

‘As a consequence of the aforementioned effects arising from the expropriation process, the
net impact on the income statement of the Group was a loss of €38 million. This loss was
recognized under the heading “Net income from discontinued operations after taxes"

In accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the activities of YPF
and YPF Gas are considered to have been discontinued and the results arising from these
activities until the loss of control, as well as impact on the income statement derived from the
expropriation process, have been recognized under the headings for discontinued operations,
net of taxes on Repsol's consolidated income statement at December 31, 2012 and 2011
Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year 2012, "Expropriation of
Repsol Group shares in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A." includes additional information on the
YPF and YPF Gas expropriation process.

The table below contains certain figures of the Repsol Group from the financial statements of
December 31, 2011 which, pursuant to IFRS 5, “"Non-current assets held for sale and discon-
tinued operations" must be restated to classify the operations related to the expropriation as
discontinued activities.

Consolidated Consolidated

Millions of euros Group Group
RePsou Group (according to IFRS) syopen formulated
apn
EBITDA 5494 3.40
Operating profit from continued operations 3,549 4,805
Net income from discontinued operations after taxes ™m -
Net income attributable from discontinued operations 536 -

to the parent company

At December 31, 2011, YPF had proven reserves of 1,013 million barrels of oil equivalent (585
million barrels of liquids and 2,399 billion cubic feet of gas), which represented 46% of proven
reserves of the consolidated Group on that date. Since the loss of control by Repsol, said
volumes do not constitute part of the Repsol Group's proven reserves. Meanwhile, in 201
YPF production reached 181 million barrels of oil equivalent (100 million barrels of liquids and
453 billion cubic feet of natural gas), which represented 62% of the Group's total production
for that financial year.

184

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Results

During the financial year 2012 management of the company gradually consolidated the strength of
Repsol’s businesses, particularly after the illegal expropriation of YPF in April 2012.

The Group's results for 2012 and 2011 are as follows:

Milions of euros %
2012 2011 variation
Upstream 2208 «1413. 56.3%
LNG 535386 (38.6%
Downstream 10181182143)
Gas Natural Fenosa 920 887 3.7%
Corporate (G90) (319)—22.3%
Operating income 4286 3549 20.8%
Financial result (857) (862)__(0.6%)
Share of results of companies accounted for using the equity w 625%
‘method ~ net of tax
Net income before tax 3546 2,759 28.5%
Income tax (1581) (991) 59.59%
Income from continuing operations 1,965 1,768 T1%
Net income from continuing operations attributable to minority 5) am) 32.456)
interests
Net income from continuing operations attributable to the 1,890 1,657 141%
parent
Net income from discontinued operations after taxes 279778 (64.1%)
Net income from discontinued operations attributable (109) (240) (54.636)
to minority interests
Net income from discontinued operations attributable 170 536——_(68.3%6)
to the parent
TOTAL NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE PARENT 2,060 2,193 (6.1%)

Includes the necessary modifications with respect tothe income statement forthe period 2011 included in the
‘management report, in relation tothe expropriation process af Repsol in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A. according to
what described inthe “Expropriation of Repsol Group shates in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A

Repsol's net income amounted to €2,060 million in 2012. Operating income came in at €4,286
million, while EBITDA amounted to €6,956 million. Earnings per share came to €1.70. In 2011,
net income amounted to €2,193 million, while operating income and EBITDA stood at €3,549
million and €5,494 million, respectively.

Operating income for the Upstream division (Exploration and Production) rose from €1,413,
million at December 31, 2011, to €2,208 million in 2012, representing an increase of 56.33%,
driven by increased production and transaction prices and the appreciation of the dollar
against the euro. The increase in production is mainly due to the resumption of activity in
Libya, the entering into production of Phase |in Margarita (Bolivia) and the positive progress
of operations in the United States as a result of the development wells drilled after the lifting
of the drilling moratorium and the start of production of the Mississippian Lime assets. In
Trinidad and Tobago, however, production declined compared to the previous year owing to
the maintenance stops made during the year

In 2012 the Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) business generated net income of €535 million
compared to €386 million in 2011. This increase is primarily due to higher margins and sales
volumes of LNG in 2012, partially offset by higher transport costs in North America,
Operating income in the Downstream division came in at €1,013 million, as opposed to the
€1,182 million in the previous year. 2012 was marked by the launch of the expansion of the
Cartagena and Bilbao refineries, allowing improvements in refining margins by increasing

185


--- Page 6 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

and optimizing production. However, results have fallen over the previous year due to the
impact on inventories of evolving prices of crude oil and oil products, lower sales volumes
in commercial divisions as a result of the economic crisis and the fall in margins and sales
volumes in the chemical division owing to the international environment.

Repsol’s 30% stake in Gas Natural Fenosa generated an operating profit of €920 million,
compared to €887 million in 2011, mainly due to diversification and the increasing contribu-
tion at international level and the balance provided by the business profile of Gas Natural
Fenosa which compensated the effect on income from divestments carried out in 2011 and
the stagnation of income from the regulated electricity business in Spain owing to the impact
of Royal Decree-Law 13/2012.

The net financial result of the consolidated Group was negative, coming in at €857 million
compared to €862 million at year-end 201. Increased interest expenses resulting from higher
average debt balances and the rising cost of preference shares have been offset by the positive
result, mainly due to the appreciation of the dollar against the euro, related to net long dollar
positions held occasionally throughout the year.

Corporation tax amounted to €1,581 million in 2012, with an effective tax rate of 46% (37% at
year-end 20m). This increase in the effective tax rate is mainly due to increased net income
from businesses with high tax burdens, such as Upstream, and prominently, in Libya

Net income from discontinued operations in 2011 includes income net of taxes and minority
interests contributed by YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A. and the subsidiaries of both companies.
In 2012, in addition to these results from the beginning of the year until the loss of control,
the effects related to the expropriation process are also included.

Financial overview

The Group's consolidated net financial debt at the end of 2012 amounted to €8,938 million
compared to €9,724 million at December 31, 2011 (excluding the debt incurred by YPF and
YPF Gas). Taking into account preference shares, net financial debt at the end of 2012 stood
at €12,120 million, compared to €12,903 million at December 31, 2011

The Group's net financial debt excluding Gas Natural Fenosa, ie. excluding the proportional
integration of the figures relating to this company, was €4,432 million at December 31, 2012,
compared to €6,775 million the preceding year. The net debt mentioned at year-end 2011
included the debt generated by YPF and YPF Gas amounting to €1,939 million. Excluding this
contribution, the total net debt at said date would have been €4,836 million, that compared
with net debt at year-end 2012, is a reduction of €404 million, The evolution of debt during the
year was influenced by the significant operating cash flow generated by the businesses, coupled
with divestments, and in particular, the sale of the LPG business in Chile. Also noteworthy
were the successful implementation of the Repsol Flexible Dividend program and the treasury
share operations performed throughout the year (see details in this section). Finally, and in
the opposite sense, the evolution of the debt was influenced by the provision recognized for
the loan to the Petersen Group to purchase YPF (see the section "Expropriation of Repsol
Group shares in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A.")

Taking into the account the preference shares, the net financial debt excluding Gas Natural
Fenosa amounted to €7,432 million at December 31, 2012, in comparison to €7,836 million
at December 31, 2011 (excluding the debt generated by YPF and YPF Gas).

The following table provides a breakdown of changes in net financial debt during financial
year 2012:

186

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Consolidated Group

Consolidated exc. Gas Natural
Group Fenosa

Millions of euros 2012 2012
Net debt at the beginning of the period 11,663 6,775
Elimination of net debt YPF and YPF Gas at 31.12.11 (1,939) (1,939)
Net debt of consolidated Group at 31/12/20. 9,724 4,836
exc. YPF and YPF Gas

EBITDA (6,956) (5,419)
Variation in trade working capital (696) (758)
Collection/Payments for tax on profits 1,534 1,365
Investments? 3,878 3,279
Divestments " (941) (637)
Dividends and other payments to shareholders 947 885
‘Treasury shares operations (0,388) (1,388)
Currency translation differences 46 “a
Interest and other movements 1,203 639
Effects associated with Petersen Group loans 1,587 1,587
Net debt at year-end 8,938 4,432

"For the consolidated Group at December 3), there are financial investments amounting to €29 milion and financial
divestments amounting to €203 milion, nat reflected inthis table

© Mainly includes interes, dividends received, provisions applied and the effect of changes in the corporate
‘environment.

The EBITDA for the year, together with the reduction of trade working capital, has allowed the
payment of taxes, investments and interests to be fully covered.

During 2012, payments on investments reached €3,907 million. For more detailed information
on operating investments by business area, please head to the relevant section of this report
covering the business area in question

Under the divestments heading itis worth noting the sale ofthe liquefied petroleum gas (LPG)
business in Chile and the stake in exploration and production assets in Ecuador through the
company Amodaimi,

The shares of Repsol, S.A. are listed on the continuous market of the Spanish stock
exchanges (Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia) and of Buenos Aires (Bolsa de
Comercio de Buenos Aires). Until March 4, 2011, shares in the form of American Depos-
itary Shares (ADS), were listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Since March 9, 201, its
ADS program is quoted on the OTCQX market, a platform within United States over-the
counter (OTC) markets that distinguishes issuers with better market information policies
and solid business activities.

On January 10, 2012, Repsol paid its shareholders with dividend rights an interim dividend
for profits in 2011 of €0.5775 gross per share, approved by Repsol's Board of Directors on 30
November 2011 for a total gross disbursement of €635 milion.

In 2012, for the first time, Repsol launched the Repsol Flexible Dividend Program, approved
by the Annual General Meeting held on May 31, 2072, substituting what would have been the
traditional final dividend payment for 2011 and the interim dividend for financial year 2012.
The system is implemented through two capital increases against voluntary reserves derived
from retained earnings, with the Repsol’s purchase commitment of free-of-charge allocation
rights at a guaranteed fixed price. Under this program, Repsol offers its shareholders the
opportunity to receive their remuneration, in whole or in part, in new paid-up shares issued
by the company ar in cash by selling the free-of-charge allocation rights received, either on
the market at the share trading price or to the compary.

On June 19, 2012, the Repsol Board of Directors approved the execution of the first of
the capital increase approved by the Annual General Meeting (item ten of the agenda).

187


--- Page 7 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

The holders of 63.64% of the free-of-charge allocation rights opted to receive their remu-
neration in new shares of the company at the proportion of one new share for every 22
rights, which resulted in the issuance of 35,315,264 new shares (2.89% of the share capital
prior to the increase). The holders of the remaining 36.36% chose to accept Repsol's
irrevocable commitment to purchase at a gross price of €0.545 per right, with payment
being made to shareholders on July 10, 2012 and resulting in a gross disbursement of
€242 million. Repsol renounced the shares corresponding to the rights acquired under
the purchase commitment.

The capital increase was registered in the Commercial Registry of Madrid on July 10, 2012. The
new shares began trading on the Stock Exchanges of Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia
through the Spanish Automated Quotation System (Mercado Continuo) on July 13, 2012 and
were subsequently listed on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange.

Meanwhile, on December 19, 2012, the Board of Directors of Repsol approved the execution
of the second capital increase approved by the Annual General Meeting (eleventh point
of the agenda). Holders of 69.01% of free-of-charge allocation rights opted to receive
new shares of the company in the proportion of one new share for every 33 rights, which
resulted in the issuing of 26,269,701 new shares (2.09% of the share capital before the
capital increase). The holders of the remaining 30.99% chose to accept Repsal's irrevo-
cable commitment to purchase at a gross price of €0.473 per right, with payment being
made to shareholders on January 15, 2013 and resulting in a gross disbursement of €184
million. Repsol renounced to the shares corresponding to the rights acquired under the
purchase commitment.

The capital increase was registered in the Commercial Registry of Madrid on January 15, 2013
and on January 18, 2013 the new shares commenced their ordinary trading on the Stock
Exchanges of Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia through the Spanish Automated Quota-
tion (Mercado Continuo). The company also applied for the listing of the new shares on the
Buenos Aires Stock Exchange.

‘Among the treasury operations for 2012 it is worth highlighting the placement of 61,043,173
shares in the company, representing 59 of the share capital on that date, that Repsol closed
in the first days of January among qualified and professional investors. The placement price
was €22.35 per share, representing an amount of €1,364 million. These shares were part of
the treasury shares acquired on December 20, 201, at a price of €21.066 per share, arising
from the decision by the creditor banks of Sacyr Vallehermoso not to renew the credit previ-
ously awarded to acquire a stake in Repsol, or to condition partial refinancing on the sale of
10% in Repsol.

In 2012 Repsol acquired treasury shares representing 0.28% of the share capital after the
capital increases described above and at a nominal value of one euro per share, for a value
of €52 million. Repsol also transferred shares representing 0.37% of the share capital for a
gross cash amount of €76 million

Moreover, within the framework of the Share Acquisition Plan approved at the Annual General
Meeting of April 15, 2011, the company purchased a total of 585,441 shares in Repsol, S.A. in
2012, representing 0.046% of its share capital, the cost of which amounted to €9.15 million,
delivered to Group employees in accordance with the aforementioned Plan

The aforementioned acquisitions were carried out by virtue of the powers that the Annual
General Meeting of April 30, 2010 vested in the Board of Directors, authorizing "the derivative
acquisition of shares in Repsol, S.A., on one or more occasions, by purchase, swap or any other
onerous legal business modality, directly or through subsidiaries, up toa maximum number of
shares which, added to those already held by Repsol, S.A. and its subsidiaries, does not exceed
10% of share capital of the company and for a price or equivalent value that may not be lower
than the nominal value of the shares, nor exceed their quoted price on the stock exchange"
The authorization remains valid for five years running from the date of the Annual General
Meeting, leaving without effect, in the unused part, the authorization conferred by the previous
Annual General Meeting held on May 14, 2009.

On the occasion of the first ofthe capital increases described earlier in this section, in July the
Group received a total of 2,936,789 new shares for the shares held in treasury, representing
0.23% of Repsol's share capital after the capital increase (1,256,178,727 shares)

In January 2013, following the second of the capital increases described in this paragraph, the
Group received a total of 1,904,926 new shares for the shares held in treasury, representing
0.1596 of Repsol’ capital after the aforementioned capital increase.

188

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

At December 31, 2012, the treasury shares held by Repsol or any of the Group companies
represented 5.1% of its total share capital

The main financing activities undertaken by Repsol in the year were as follows:

On January 19, 2012 Repsol International Finance B.V., guaranteed by Repsol, S.A., closed a
bond issue at 7 years and 1 month for €750 million, with a fixed interest rate of 4.875% and
an issue price of 99.937%, equivalent to 292 basis points over mid-swaps. This issuance was
made under the Euro 10,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Program of
Repsol International Finance, B.V. registered with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur
Financier (CSSF) in Luxembourg ("MTN Program") and the bonds issued are currently listed
on the Luxembourg stock exchange

On February 7, 2012 Repsol International Finance BV, guaranteed by Repsol, S.A., closed a
new Eurobond issue for an amount of €250 million, with fixed interest rate of 4.875%, at an
issue price of 103.166%, equivalent to 241.5 basis points over mid-swaps. This issue forms 2
single series with the Eurobond issue mentioned in the previous section. With this expansion
the nominal amount of the issue stood at €1,000 million

Between June and July 2012 the Group received funding by taking out certain derivative instru:
ments, with a term of 12 months and for a total amount of €1,000 million. With regard to
the payment obligations of such derivative instruments, the Group provided financial pledge
guarantees, as governed by Royal Decree Law 5/2005, over a total of 104,762,387 shares of
Gas Natural SDG, owned by the Repsol Group, which account for 10.47% of the share capital
of that company. The operations mentioned do not involve a transfer of ownership of the
shares in Gas Natural SDG, S.A, for which at all times Repsol retains political and economic
rights inherent to them, and they are applied as "Bank borrowings" under the heading "Bank
borrowings, bonds and other securities "in the Group's balance sheet.

‘On September 13, Repsol International Finance B.V., guaranteed by Repsol, S.A., closed a
bond issue at 5 years and 5 months for €750 million, with a fixed interest rate of 4.375% and
an issue price of 99.6543, equivalent to 335 basis points over mid-swaps, currently listed
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This issue was made under the auspices of the MTN
Program of Repsol International Finance B.V. and the bonds issued are currently listed on
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

Financial prudence

Repsol holds, in line withits policy of financial prudence, sufficient available cash resources
and other liquid financial instruments, including undrawn lines of credit, to cover the debt
maturities for at least the next two years, and covering 76% of its entire gross debt and
63% thereof including preference shares, In the case of Repsol, excluding Gas Natural
Fenosa, these same resources cover 93% of gross debt and over 71% if we include the
preference shares.

Financial investments included under the headings of Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements as “Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss”, “Loans and receiv-
ables” (without including tariff deficit) and “Held to maturity investments” (which include
cash and cash equivalents) amount to €6,657 million, €5,240 million of which correspond
to Repsol, without including Gas Natural Fenosa, The Group also has committed, unused
lines of credit at its disposal for an amount of €4,425 million (excluding Gas Natural Fenosa),
down fram the €4,225 million at the end of 2011 (excluding Gas Natural Fenosa). For the
consolidated Group as a whole, committed, unused lines of credit amounted to €5,899
and €5,482 million as of December 31, 2012 and 201, respectively, 74% of which falls due
after December 31, 2012.

Net debt and the net debt to capital employed ratio, in which capital employed refers to net
debt plus net equity, provide a true and fair view of the volume of necessary borrowings and
their relative weighting in the funding of capital employed in transactions.

189


--- Page 8 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Decemser 31,
Consolidated Consolidated Group ex
Group exc. YPF Gas Natural Fenosa +
ex YPF
Millions of euros, except ratios 202-201" 2012 20"
1 Net financial debt 8,938 9724 4432 4836
Il Preference shares 3,182 3,179 3,000 3,568
MIL Net financial debt, including 12,120 12,903 7.432 8,404
preference shares,
IV Capital employed 39,592 41,885 34,426 36,329
V_ Capital employed continuing, 33716 33,067 28,550 27,511
operations
Net financial debt/capital 226% 23.2% = 128% © 13.3%
employed (I/1V)
Net financial debt, including 30.6% 308% = 21.6% = 238.1%
preference shares /capital
employed (III/IV)
Net debt/capital employed for 265% 294% + ——'15.5% «17.6%
continuing operations (I/V)
Net debt including preference 35.9% 39.0% 26.0% + 30.5%
shares/capital employed of
continuing operations (III/V)
© Data not audited
Below is a breakdown of Repsol’s current credit rating:
Standard & Poor's Moody's Fitch
Short-term debt AB Pa F3
Longsterm debt BBB. Baad BBB.

Risk factors

Repsol's operations and earnings are subject to risks as a result of changes in competitive,
economic, political, legal, regulatory, social, industrial, business and financial conditions
Investors should carefully consider these risks. Any of these risks could have a negative impact
on Repsol's financial position, the business or operating income,

Furthermore, future risk factors, either unknown or not considered relevant by Repsol at present,
could also affect the company's business, results, and financial situation

Operational risks

Expropriation of Repsol Group shares in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A.

For Repsol, the main risk arising from the illegal expropriation of Repsol Group shares in YPF
S.A, and YPF Gas S.A. lies in the uncertainty that exists with regard to the restitution of the
shares in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas, S.A. subject to expropriation and belonging to Repsol and/
or with regard to the amount of compensation to be paid by the Argentinian government to
Repsol as a consequence of the appropriation of control of both companies, as well as the
timing and manner in which the payment will be made. Repsol has been forced to assert its
rights against the Argentinian state before the courts of Argentina and other jurisdictions,
including arbitration before ICSID. Any amendment to the hypotheses considered reasonable
in jurisdictional processes and the valuation of the rights expropriated could result in positive
or negative changes in the amount for which the shares in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas, S.A. have
been recognized and, therefore, could have an impact on the Group’s financial statements.
The lower the price or compensation received per share in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas, S.A., the

190

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

more negative the impact will be on Repsol's results or financial position. Nevertheless,
Repsol cannot foresee all consequences, uncertainties and risks; nor can it quantify the total
future impact the expropriation could have on the business, financial position and results of
the Repsol Group.

Uncertainty of the current economic context

The slow economic recovery is leading to an increase in long-term unemployment in many
countries, thus incurring high economic and social costs. Additionally, although the European
Union has made significant institutional reforms, among which is the agreement towards @
european banking union, the doubts about the irreversible status of the euro have not disap-
peared entirely. Therefore, short-term uncertainties remain high.

European banks, given the difficulties of recapitalizing in the market, have been forced to
reduce their assets and issue new loans. The lack of credit for the private sector and for new
projects is feeding back on the recession cycle affecting the eurozone. These difficulties are
not unique to the eurozone; the United Kingdom, United States and Japan must also recover
their economic growth in an extremely adverse scenario marked by the need for progress on
fiscal consolidation and with a financial system that is undergoing full recapitalization and
restructuring,

Persistent pressure on the sustainability of government finances in advanced economies has
led to strong tensions in credit markets, and could prompt fiscal reforms or changes in the
regulatory framework of the oil and gas industry. Finally, the economic-financial situation
could have a negative impact on third parties with whom Repsol does or could do business.
Any of the factors described above, whether in isolation or in combination with each other,
could have an adverse effect on the financial position, businesses, or results from Repsol
operations.

Potential fluctuations in international prices of crude and reference products
and in demand owing to factors beyond Repsol's control

World oil prices have fluctuated widely over the last ten years and are driven by international
supply and demand factors over which Repsol has no control. The world oil market and oil
prices are swayed heavily by political developments throughout the world (especialy in the
Middle East); the evolution of stocks of oil and derivatives; the circumstantial effects of climate
changes and meteorological phenomena, such as storms and hurricanes that particularly
strike the Gulf of Mexico; the evolution of technology and greater energy efficiency; spikes
in demand in countries with strong economic growth, such as China and India; major world
conflicts, as well as the political instability and threat of terrorism that periodically affect
certain producing areas; and also, the risk that the supply of crude oil may be wielded as
a political weapon. In 2012, Brent crude oil prices averaged $111.67 per barrel, as opposed
to an average of $72.05 per barrel reported over the 2003-2012 period. In that decade, the
average annual maximum was $111.67 per barrel registered in 2012, and the annual average
minimum price was $28.83, in 2003. In 20n1, the range of prices for crude oil (Brent) stood
between approximately $94 and $126 per barrel, while in 2012 was between approximately $89
and $128 per barrel. In 2012 the average dollar/euro exchange rate stood at 1.28, compared
to an average of 1.39 in 2011

International oil prices and demand for crude oil may also fluctuate significantly during
economic cycles.

Reductions in oil prices negatively affect Repsol’s profitability, the value of its assets and
its plans for investment, including projected capital expenditures related to exploration and
development activities. Similarly, a significant drop in capital investment could negatively
affect Repsol's ability to replace its crude oil reserves.

International product prices are influenced by the price of oil and the demand for products,
therefore, the international prices of crude and products affect the refining margin

Regulation of Repsol's operations

The oil industry is subject to extensive regulation and intervention by governments throughout
the world in such matters as the award of exploration and production interests, the imposi-
tion of specific driling and exploration obligations, restrictions on production, price controls,
required divestments of assets, foreign currency controls, and the development and nation-
alization, expropriation or cancellation of contractual rights. Such legislation and regulations
apply to virtually all aspects of Repsol’s operations bath inside and outside Spain. In addition,
the legislation of certain countries envisages the imposition of sanctions on non-domestic

191


--- Page 9 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

companies that make certain investments in other countries. In addition, the terms and
conditions of the agreements governing Repsol's oil and gas interests generally reflect the
regulatory framework of the country in question and/or the negotiations held with governmental
authorities, and therefore vary significantly by country and even from one area to another
within the same country, These agreements generally take the form of licenses or production
sharing agreements. Under license agreements, the license holder finances and bears the
risk of the exploration and production activities in exchange for the resulting production, if
any. Moreover, part of the production may have to be sold to the state or the state-owned
oil company. License holders are generally required to make certain tax or royalty payments
and pay income tax on their production, which can be high when compared with the taxes
paid by other businesses. Nevertheless, production sharing agreements generally require
the contractor to finance exploration and production activities in exchange for the recovery
of its costs from part of production (cost oil), while the remainder of production (profit oil)
is shared with the state-owned oil compary.

Meanwhile, the gas and electrical distribution sectors, in which Repsol operates primarily
through its investment in Gas Natural Fenosa, respond to activities that are regulated in most
countries. The legislation applicable to these sectors is typically subject to regular review by
the competent authorities, which may affect, among other things, the current remuneration
system for regulated activities.

Repsol cannot foresee changes to such laws or their interpretation, or the implementation
of certain policies, which could adversely affect its business, results and financial position.

The Repsol Group is subject to the effects of administrative, judicial and
arbitration proceedings

The Repsol Group is subject to the effects of administrative, judicial and arbitration proceed-
ings arising from the performance of its activities. In particular, in the section "Expropriation
of Repsol Group shares in YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A." of the annual accounts, there is a
description of the legal action brought by Repsol as a consequence of that expropriation
Likewise, Repsol could be involved in other potential future litigation the scope, content or
outcome of which Repsol cannot predict. All present or future litigation invalves a high degree
of uncertainty and, therefore, the resolution of these disputes could affect the business, results
or financial position of the Repsol Group.

Repsol is subject to extensive environmental and safety regulations and risks

Repsol is subject to extensive environmental and safety laws and regulations in practi-
cally all the countries where it operates, which regulate, among other matters affecting
the Group's operations, environmental quality standards for products, air emissions
and climate change, energy efficiency, water discharges, remediation of soil and ground-
water, and the generation, storage, transportation, treatment and final disposal of waste
materials and safety.

In particular, and due to concerns over the risk of climate change, a number of countries have
adopted, or are looking into adopting, new regulatory requirements to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions, such as carbon taxes, increasing efficiency standards, or adopting emissions
trading schemes. These requirements could make Repsol's products more expensive as well
as shift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources, such as renewable
energies. In addition, compliance with greenhouse gas regulations may also require Repsol to
upgrade its facilities, monitor or sequester emissions or take other actions that may increase
the cost of compliance.

These laws and regulations have had and will continue to have an impact on Repsol's business,
financial situation and results of operations.

Operating risks related to exploration and exploitation of oil and gas, and
reliance on the cost-effective acquisition or discovery of, and, thereafter,
development of new oil and gas reserves

Oil and gas exploration and production activities are subject to particular risks, some of which
are beyond the control of Repsol. These activities are exposed to production, equipment
and transportation risks, natural hazards and other uncertainties relating to the physical
characteristics of oil and natural gas fields. Repsol's operations may be curtailed, delayed
or cancelled as a result of weather conditions, technical difficulties, delays in the delivery of
equipment or compliance with administrative requirements. In addition to this, some of the
development projects are located in deep waters and other difficult environments, such as
the Gulf of Mexico, Alaska, Brazil and the Amazon rainforest, or in complex oilfields, which

192

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

could aggravate these risks further. Offshore operations, in particular, are subject to mati
time risks, among them storms and other adverse meteorological conditions, or shipping
collisions. Furthermore, hydrocarbon transport methods imply inherent risks: by road, rail
or sea transport, or by pipeline, oil or another hazardous substance could leak, this poses
a significant risk due to the potential impact a spill could have on the environment and on
people, especially considering the high volume of products that can be carried at any one time.
Should these risks materialize, Repsol may suffer major losses, interruptions to its operations
and harm to its reputation.

Moreover, Repsol must replace depleted oil and gas reserves with new proven reserves
in a costeffective manner that enables subsequent production to be economically viable.
Repsol's ability to acquire or discover new reserves is, however, subject to a number of risks.
For example, drilling may involve negative results, not only with respect to dry wells, but also
with respect to wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues to return
a profit after drilling, operating and other costs are taken into account. In addition, crude oil
and natural gas production blocks are typically auctioned by governmental authorities and
Repsol faces intense competition in bidding for such production blocks, in particular those
blocks offering the most attractive potential reserves. Such competition may result in Repsol
failing to obtain desirable production blacks, or otherwise acquiring them at a higher price,
which could render subsequent production economically unviable.

If Repsol fails to acquire or discover, and, thereafter, develop new oil and gas reserves in a
costeffective manner, or if any of the aforementioned risks materializes, its business, results
of operations and financial situation could be materially and adversely affected.

Location of reserves

Part of Repsal's oil and gas reserves are located in countries that are or could be economically
or politically unstable.

Reserves in these areas as well as related production operations may be exposed to risks,
including increases in taxes and royalties, the establishment of limits on production and
export volumes, the compulsory renegotiation or cancellation of contracts, the nationalization
or denationalization of assets (see the risk factor "Expropriation of Repsol Group shares in
YPF S.A. and YPF Gas S.A."), changes in local government regimes and policies, changes in
business customs and practices, payment delays, currency exchange restrictions and losses
and impairment of operations due to the actions of insurgent groups. In addition, political
changes may lead to changes in the business environment. Economic downturns, political
instability or civil disturbances may disrupt the supply chain or limit sales in the markets
affected by such events.

any ofthe above risks materializes, the Group's business, results of operations and financial
situation could be significantly and adversely affected

Oil and gas reserves estimation

In calculating proven oil and gas reserves, Repsol relies on the guidelines and the conceptual
framework of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) definition of proven reserves
and on the criteria established by the Petroleum Reserves Management System of the Society
of Petroleum Engineers (PRMS-SPE). Under these rules, proven oll and gas reserves are those
reserves of crude oil, natural gas or natural gas liquids for which, after analyzing geological,
geophysical and engineering data, have a reasonable certainty of being produced —from a
given date, from known reservoirs and under existing economic conditions, existing technology
and existing government regulation prior to the termination of the contracts whereby the
corresponding operational rights were awarded, and regardless of whether probabilistic or
deterministic approaches were used to arrive at the estimate. The project to extract the gas or
oil must have started, or otherwise the operator must be reasonably certain that the project
will commence within a reasonable timeframe.

The accuracy of these estimates depends on a number of different factors, assumptions
and variables, some of which are beyond Repsol's control. Factors susceptible to Repsol’s
control include drilling, testing and production after the date of the estimates, which may
require substantial upward or downward revisions to reserves estimates; the quality of
available geological, technical and economic data used and its interpretation and valuation
thereof; the production performance of reservoirs and recovery rates, both of which depend
in significant part on available technologies as well as the company's ability to implement
such technologies and the relevant know-how; the selection of third parties with which the
group enters into business; and the accuracy of its initial estimates of hydrocarbons in

193


--- Page 10 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

place at a given reservoir, which may prove to be incorrect or require substantial revisions.
On the other hand, factors mainly beyond Repsol's control include changes in prevailing
oil and natural gas prices, which could impact the quantities of proven reserves (since esti-
mates of reserves are calculated under existing economic conditions when such estimates
are made); changes in prevailing tax rules, other government regulations and contractual
conditions after the date estimates are made (which could render reserves economically
unviable to exploit); and certain actions of third parties, including the operators of fields in
which the Group has an interest

As a result of the foregoing, measures of reserves are not precise and are subject to revision.
Any downward revision in estimated quantities of proven reserves could adversely impact
company results, leading to increased depreciation, depletion and amortization charges and
or impairment charges, which would reduce earnings or shareholders’ equity.

Repsol’s natural gas operations are subject to particular operational
and market risks

Natural gas prices tend to vary between the different regions in which Repsol operates as
a result of significantly different supply, demand and regulatory circumstances, and such
prices may be lower than prevailing prices in other regions of the world. In addition, excess
supply conditions that exist in some regions cannot be utilized in other regions due to a lack
of infrastructure and difficulties in transporting natural gas

In addition, Repsol has entered into long-term contracts to purchase and supply natural gas in
various parts of the world, These contracts have different price formulas, which could result in
higher purchase prices than the price at which such gas could be sold in increasingly liberalized
markets. Furthermore, gas availability could be subject to the risk of counterparties breaching
their contractual obligations, Thus, it might be necessary to look for other sources of natural
gas in the event of non-delivery from any of these sources, which could require payment of
higher prices than those envisaged under the breached contracts,

Repsol also has long-term contracts to sell and deliver gas to clients, mainly in Bolivia, Vene-
zuela, Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, Peru and Mexico that present additional types of risks
since they are pegged to existing proven reserves in Bolivia, Venezuela, Trinidad and Tobago
and Peru. Should available reserves in those countries prove insufficient, Repsol might not
be able to satisfy its obligations under these contracts, some of which include penalty clauses
for breach of contract. The above risks may adversely affect Repsol's business, results and
financial situation

Cyclical nature of petrochemical activity

The petrochemicals industry is subject to wide fluctuations in supply and demand, reflecting
the cyclical nature of the chemicals market on a regional and global scale. These fluctuations
affect the prices and profitability of petrochemicals companies, including Repsol. Repsol’s
petrochemicals business is also subject to extensive governmental regulation and interven-
tion in such matters as safety and environmental controls. Both fluctuations, and changes
in regulations may have an adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of
Repsol's operations.

Projects and operations developed through joint ventures and partnerships
Many of the Repsol Group's projects and operations are conducted through joint ventures
and partnerships. In those cases where Repsol does not act as the operator, its ability to
control and influence the performance and management of the operations, and to identify
and manage risks is limited. Additionally, there is a possibility that one of Repsol's partners
or another member in a joint venture or associated company fails to comply with its financial
obligations or incurs in another a breach that could affect the viability of a project.

Repsol’s current insurance coverage may not be sufficient for

all the operational risks

AAs discussed in several of the risk factors mentioned in this document, Repsol's operations
are subject to extensive economic, operational, regulatory and legal risks. Repsol holds insur-
ance covering against certain risks inherent in the oil and gas industry in line with industry
practice, including loss or damage to property and equipment, control-of-well incidents,
loss of production or income incidents, removal of debris, sudden and accidental seepage,
pollution, contamination clean-up costs, and claims for damages brought by third parties,
including personal injury and loss of life, among other business risks, Moreover, insurance

194

GENERAL OVERVIEW AND ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL INFORMATION

coverage is subject to deductibles and limits that in certain cases may be materially exceeded
by its liabilities. In addition, Repsol's insurance policies contain exclusions that could leave
the Group with limited coverage in certain events, On the other hand, Repsol may not be
able to maintain adequate insurance at rates or on terms considered reasonable or accept:
able, or be able to obtain insurance against certain risks that could materialize in the future.
Ifthe company experiences an incident against which itis not insured, or the costs of which
materially exceed its coverage, it could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial
situation and results of operations.

Financial risks

Group business is exposed to different kinds of financial risk, including:

Liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is associated with the Group's ability to finance its obligations
at reasonable market prices, as well as being able to carry out its business plans with stable
financing sources.

See chapter on liquidity under the "Financial Prudence" section of this report

Credit risk. The Group's credit risk exposure mainly relates to trade accounts payable, which
are measured and controlled by individual client or third party. To this end, the Group has its
‘own systems, in line with best practices, for constantly monitoring the creditworthiness ofall
its debtors and for determining the risk limits of third parties

‘As a general rule, the Group establishes a bank guarantee issued by financial entities as the
most suitable instrument of protection from credit risk. In some cases, the Group has taken
out credit insurance policies to transfer partially the credit risk related to the commercial
activity of some of its businesses to third parties.

The Group also has exposure to counterparty risk arising from non-commercial contractual
operations that may lead to defaults. In these cases, the Group analyzes the counterparties
with which it maintains or could maintain non-commercial contractual relations.

Market risk

Exchange rate fluctuation risk: Changes in exchange rates may adversely affect Repsol’s
operational result and the value of its assets.

In general, this exposure to exchange rate risk stems from the existence in the Group compa:
nies of assets, liabilities and cash flows denominated in a currency other than the company's
operating currency, with particular emphasis on the fact that:

+ monetary flows of international trade operations in oll, natural gas and refined products are
usually denominated in US dollars.

+ many of Repsol's financial assets and investments are also denominated in US dollars

Furthermore, it should be borne in mind that:

+ cash flows of the operations carried out in the countries in which Repsol is active are
exposed to changes in exchange rates of the applicable local currencies against the major
currencies used for listing the commodities which serve as reference for establishing prices
in the local currency.

+ Repsol presents its financial statements in euros, and therefore, the assets and liabilities
of subsidiaries operating with a operating currency other than the euro, must be converted
into that currency.

To mitigate exchange rate risks, and when it considers appropriate, Repsol performs financial

transactions in those currencies in which foreign exchange risk exposures have been identified

and can hedge the risk with derivative financial instruments in currencies where there is @
liquid market and reasonable transaction costs.

Note 21 “Financial risk and capital management” and Note 22 “Derivative transactions” in
the Consolidated Financial Statements for financial year 2012 include additional details on the
financial risks described in this section and the hedging transactions performed.

Commodity price risk. In the normal course of operations and trading activities, the Repsol
Group earnings are exposed to volatility in the price of oil, natural gas, and related derivative
products (see the risk factors “Potential fluctuations in international prices of reference crude
and in demand owing to factors beyond the Repsol's control” and “Repsol’s natural gas opera-
tions are subject to particular operational and market risks"). Note 22 "Derivative transactions"
in the Consolidated Financial Statements for financial year 2012 include additional details on
the financial risks described in this section,

195


--- Page 11 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Interest rate risk: Changes in interest rates can affect the interest income and expenses of
financial assets and liabilities tied to floating interest rates and the fair value of financial assets
and liabilities with fixed rate commitments.

To mitigate interest rate risks, and when it considers appropriate, Repsol can hedge the
risk with derivative financial instruments where there is a liquid market and with reasonable
transaction costs.

Note 21 “Financial risk and capital management” and Note 21 “Derivative transactions” in
the Consolidated Financial Statements for financial year 2012 include additional details on
the financial risks described in this section and the hedging transactions performed.

Credit rating risk: At present, the credit ratings assigned to Repsol, S.A. by ratings agencies
are as follows:

STANDARD &
TERM Poor's Mooor's FITCH RATINGS
Long BBB. Baz BBB.

Short AB cz} F3

Outlook Stable Negative Stable

Date of last review June 22, 2012 June 29, 2012 January 31, 2013

Credit ratings affect the cost and other conditions under which the Repsol Group is able to
obtain finance. Any downgrade in Repsol S.A.’s credit rating could restrict or limit the access
of the Group to financial markets, increase the cost of any new finance, and have a negative
effect on its liquidity

196

BUSINESS AREAS

Business areas

The Group's main operating highlights are shown below.

2012 20
Upstream:
Oil and gas net production v6 109,059
LNG:
Production of liqueta 54 54
LNG sold® 102 lo
Downstrear
Refining capacity 998 998
Europe! 896 896
Rest of the world 102 102
Processed crude oil 37.0 315
Europe 334 279
Rest of the world 36 36
Number of service stations 4549 4,506
Europe 4.26 4m
Rest of the world 333 295
Oil product sales!” 42,744 37,805
Europe 38,277 33,548
Rest of the world 4,467 4257
Petrochemical product sales” 2,308 2,659
By region:
Europe 1.997 23n
Rest of the world a0 348
By product:
Base products Bi 889
Derivative petrochemicals 1977 1770
LPG sales 2,537 2,698
Europe 144 1,486
Rest of the world ® 123 q22
Gas Natural Fenosa:
Natural gas distribution sales °°) 409,774 395,840
Electricity distribution sales =! 54,362 54,067

"Thousands of barels of ol equivalent (kboe).
1 Including liquefaction train production aecording to their shareholding, Tinidad [Train 1 (20%), Trains 2 and
3 (25%), Train 4 (22.22%); Peru LNG (20%). Of this production, 3.3 bem in 2012 and 3.2 bem in 2011 belong to
Companies consolidated in the Repsol Group through the equity method.

Billions of cubic meters (ber).

\© Thousand barrels per day (kbb\/d),

The reported capacity includes the shareholding in ASESA,
19 Millions of tons

Thousands of tons.

' 2011 does not include sales of YPF Gas.

Including 100% of reported Gas Natural Fenosa sales, even though Repsol had a 30.0196 share at December 3,
2012, accounted for through proportional consolidation,

"9 Gigawatts per hour (GW).

197


--- Page 12 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Abbreviations used for units of measurement

“bbl” Barrels
“bef” Billion cubic feet
“bcm” Billion cubic meters
“boe” Barrels of oil equivalent
“Btu" British thermal unit

“GWh" — Gigawatts per hour

“kbbl" Thousand barrels

“kbbl/d” Thousand barrels per day

“koe” Thousand bartels of oil equivalent
“kboe/d” Thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day
“kee” Square kilometers

“bb!” Million barrels

“Mboe" Million barrels of oil equivalent
“Mm:/d” Million cubic meters per day
“Miscfd” Million standard cubic feet per day
“MW” Megawatts

“MWe” — Electrical megawatts

“MWh” Megawatts per hour

“TCR” Trillion cubic feet

Upstream

Acti

ies

The Repsol Upstream division includes oil and natural gas exploration and production,
and the company manages its project portfolio in order to achieve profitable, diversified
and sustainable growth with a commitment to safety and the environment. The pillars of
the division's strategy, defined in the Strategic Plan 2012-2016, are based on increasing
production and reserves, maintaining intense exploration activity, which has turned out
such good results in recent years, diversifying its business geographically by increasing its
presence in Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries
achieving operational excellence and maximizing the profitability of its assets. To this end,
investments have been made in human capital in recent years to encourage this growth,
the organizational structure was redefined to reflect the strategic objectives and oriented
towards improving the quality of operations, technical and commercial processes have
been redesigned and standardised, and technological capacities have been developed to

operate successfully in deep waters.

Geographically, the Upstream division's strategy is based on key traditional regions, located in
Latin America (mainly Trinidad and Tobago, Peru, Venezuela, Bolivia, Colombia and Ecuador)
andin North Africa (Algeria and Libya), as well as in strategic areas for short and medium term
growth that have been consolidated in recent years. Most significant among these strategic
areas are United States developments (both in the important Shenzi field and the assets of
the Mississippian Lime deposits), offshore Brazil (with the Sapinhod —formerly known as
Guara-, Carioca and BM-C-33 projects) and Russia (under the agreement with the Alliance

Oil company to form the joint venture AROG).

Furthermore, strategic growth in the short and medium term will also be boosted by the major
projects under development in Venezuela (Carabobo and Cardén IV, which are expected to
begin production in 2013 and 2014, respectively), Peru, Bolivia and Brazil and, in the longer
term, with the portfolio of assets that is taking hold in Norway, Canada, West Africa, Indo-

nesia and Alaska,

AAs part ofits geographic diversification strategy, in 2012 the company established a presence
in new countries ike Namibia, Australia, Bulgaria and Aruba, which have contributed high-po-

tential exploration assets.

198

BUSINESS AREAS

In June 2012 Repsol acquired from the operator Arcadia Petroleum, Lid. a 44% interest in
the 0010 exploration license situated offshore of Namibia that includes the 1g10A, 1911, and
20nA offshore blocks. The other partners in the exploration license are Arcadia (26%) and
Tower/Neptune (30%). This area is considered to have a high potential given the geological
similarities that might exist with the pre-salt areas of Brazil

In August 2012, the Australian government awarded Repsol exploration license WA-480-P,
after winning the tender of April 2012. The new block, with an area of 12,548 km? and a water
depth between 1,000 and 4,500 meters, is located about 280 kilometers from Port Hedland
in the Pilbara region (Western Australia), in the northern Carnarvon Basin, the most prolific in
Australia, In the next two years there are plans to perform a campaign of 3D and 2D seismic
surveys. This new exploratory license, located on the boundary of a high potential area, is
in line with Repsol's strategy to grow in OECD countries, marking the entry of Repsol as an
operator in a new region.

Also in August, the Bulgarian authorities awarded a consortium formed by Repsol (30%),
Total (operator with 40%) and OMV (30%), the Han Asparuth exploration black in the Black
Sea. It spans over an area of 14,220 km? and is located in the Western Sub-Basin of the Black
Sea, at a depth between 200 and 2,000 meters underwater. With this award, Repsol added a
new exploration area to its portfolio. This is a geologically complex boundary area with high
prospectivity. The block is located 25 kilometers south of a major gas discovery announced
in January 2012 by ExxonMobil and OMY in Romanian waters.

In December 2012, Repsol signed a production sharing contract (PSC) in Aruba for the
exploration of a major part of its territorial waters. The contract area exceeds 14,000 km? and
features water depths between 50 and 3,000 meters. The contract contemplates an exploration
period of eight years divided into four phases. In 2013 Repsol will open an office in Aruba and
will record 3,000 kilometers of 2D seismic data.

In 2012, Repsol already achieved oil or gas production from four of its ten strategic growth
projects, demonstrating the degree of compliance with its commitments: the first phase
in Margarita-Huacaya, the Mississippian Lime assets (United States), AROG (Russia) and
Lubina and Montanazo (Spain). Furthermore, the Sapinhoa deepwater field (formerly known
as Guaré) in Brazil, entered its initial production phase in early January 2013. These impor-
tant milestones for the company ensure compliance with the production levels set out in
the Strategic Plan for the 2012-2016 period. Many of these projects come from exploration
discoveries made in recent years

During the year five discoveries were made from surveys in Sagari (Peru), Pao de Acucar
(Brazil), Tihalatine South-1 (Algeria) and Chipirén T2 and Cafio Rondén Este (Colombia).
These findings have led to the addition of a significant amount of contingent resources of oil,
even surpassing 2012 forecasts.

In order to maintain and increase its offshore activity, in 2012 the company contracted two
ultra-deepwater drilling vessels, "Ocean Rig Mylos" and "Rowan Renaissance", which will be
used in future exploration campaigns. Both are state-of-the-art ships, currently being built
by South Korean shipyards. The service contracts have a duration of three years and include
an extension option for one or two years. With "Ocean Rig Mylos", the company will ensure
the driling of the appraisal wells and the development of the prolific BM-C-33 block (Brazil),
which contains the significant discoveries of Pao de Agiicar, Gavea and Seat. Meanwhile,
the "Rowan Renaissance" will be used for drilling campaigns in Namibia, Angola, the Canary
Islands, Gulf of Mexico and other potential targets that may arise in the medium term. Both
vessels will be available in 2013

Inall its operations, especially deepwater, Repsol implements oil industry best practices and
recommendations pursuant to the highest standards, and strictly complies with all regulations.
At year-end 2012, Repsol's Upstream division was involved in oil and gas exploration and
production blocks in 28 different countries, either directly or through investee companies. The
company was the operator in 26 of these.

In 2012 Repsol achieved a high proven reserve replacement ratio of 204% improving even the
ratios reached in 20n1 (162%) and 2010 (131%), thus incorporating resources that significantly
strengthen the company's future growth

199


--- Page 13 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

FINISHED EXPLORATION WELLS

2012"
Positive Negative Under evaluation TOTAL

Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net
Europe = = 1 + = - 7 *
South America 4 * 4 1 1 * 9 2
Peru 1 = Hl * = = 2 1
Trinidad and Tobago = = = = = - ~ -
Venezuela - = = - - - ~ -
(Other countries in South America 3 = 3 * 1 * 7 1
Central America = - 7 + ~ - 71 *
North America = = 1 + 2 7 3 2
Arica 1 * 1 * 2 * 4 1
Asi = = = = = = = =
Oceania - = - - - - = -
ToTAL 5 1 8 3 5 2 8 6

zon”
Positive Negative Under evaluation TOTAL

Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net
Europe = = 1 + = - 7 *
South America 2 * 1 * - = 3 *
Peru - = ~ - - - - ~
Trinidad and Tobago = = = - = - ~ -
Venezuela - = = = - - ~ -
(Other countries in South America 2 = Hl * = = 3
Central America = = = - = - = -
North America = = 1 + - - 7 *
Arica 1 * 4 2 - - 5 3
Asia = = 1 = = - 7 -
Oceania - = - - - - = -
ToTAL 3 * 3 3 ~ - 7 4

A gross wel isa well in which Repsol owns a working interest. The number of net wells s the sur ofthe factions of interest held in gross wells,

* Less than one exploration well

200

BUSINESS AREAS

FINISHED DEVELOPMENT WELLS.

2012"
Positive Negative Under evaluation TOTAL

Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net
Europe = = = = = = = =
South America 75 6 5 1 4 1 4 i
Peru 3 = Hl * = = 4 *
Trinidad and Tobago 4 1 = = 1 = 5 1
Venezuela 20 5 Hl * 1 = 2 6
Other countries in South America 8 9 3 * 2 = 3 10
Central America = = = = = = = -
North America 254 26 1 * 5 * 260 6
Attica 2 * = = = = 2 *
Asia 4 3 = = = = 4 3
Oceania = = = = = = = =
ToTAL 335 “4 6 2 9 2 350 4a

zon”
Positive Negative Under evaluation TOTAL

Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net
Europe = = = = = = = =
South America 75 2 6 2 = = a 24
Peru 4 1 = - = - 4 1
Trinidad and Tobago 2 = = = = = 2 *
Venezuela 15 6 1 * = = 6 6
(Other countries in South America 54 B 5 2 = = 59 5
Central America = = = = = = = =
North America 2 * 1 * = = 3 *
Arica 3 * = = = = 3 +
Asia = = = = = = = -
Oceania = = = = = = = -
ToTAL 80 2B 7 3 = = El 25

VA gross wel isa wel in which Repsol ouns a working interest. The number of net wells s the sur ofthe factions of interest held in gross wells

* Less than one development well.

201


--- Page 14 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

REPSOL'S CURRENT ACTIVITY BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

‘As oF Decemaer 31, 2012

Acreage No. of exploration wells,
No. of blocks © Net acreage (km*) °! being drilled

Development Exploration Development Exploration Gross Net
Europe 2 a 389 18,170 = -
South America 50 27 5,685 41,301 4 *
Peru 2 5 202 19017 = -
Trinidad and Tobago 7 = 2,363 = = =
Venezuela 8 1 249 207 = -
‘Other countries in South America 33 2 2.271 22,078 4 *
Central America - -
North America 7 474 559 9,791 - -
Africa 5 37 2,692 107,470 1 *
Asia “4 20 118) 2,376 = -
Oceania 1 12,548 = -
Tort 88 600 10,506 201657 5 *

REPSOL'S CURRENT ACTIVITY BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

‘As oF Decemaer 31, 2011

Acreage No. of exploration wells,
No. of blocks Net acreage (km*) °! being drilled

Development Exploration Development Exploration Gross Net
Europe 7 31 MB 13,648 = -
South America . 3 6,020 43718 8 2
Peru 2 5 202 20,866 = -
Trinidad and Tobago 7 = 2,363 = = =
Venezuela 3 7 849 207 = -
‘Other countries in South America 34 25 2,606 22,645 8 2
Central America - 1 - 2,108 - -
North America 7 444 479 7,698 - -
Africa 5 34 2,692 119,371 2 *
Asia = 6 = 29,251 = -
Oceania = = = = = -
Torat m4 557 9,539 215,792 10 2

A gross well isa wellin which Repsol owns a working interest, The number of net wells i the sum of the fractions of interest held in gross wells,
Gross acreage isthe area where Repsol owns a working interest, Net acreage isthe sum ofthe gross area in each acreage according to ther respective working interests,

The number of blocks excludes unconventional Mississippian Lime assets in the United States.

202

BUSINESS AREAS

Acreage

The table below displays information on Repsol's developed and undeveloped acreage, by
geographical area, as of December 31, 2012:

2012
Developed Undeveloped ©
(ie) Gross" Net® Gross Net“
Europe 2 W 42,024 18,543
South America 1485, 393 102,395 46,593
Peru 153 15 38,828 19,203
Trinidad and Tobago Ws 645,404 —-2,299
Venezuela 709 Ws 2,789 882
Other countries in South America 449 B9 55,374 24,209
Central America - - - -
North America 589 TN 28,072 10,280
Africa Ge 170 183,828 109,992
Asia 3 284 36,686 23,274
Oceania - = 12548 12,548
Totat 3,041 935 405,553 221,228

© Developed acreage isthe area assignable to productive wells. The amounts shown belong to the acreage, bath in
terms of exploration and development

© Undeveloped acreage covers the surface area in which no wells have been dalled, or where any wells have not been
‘completed to the point of permitting al and gas production in econornically viable quantities, regardless of whether
said area contains proven reserves.

© Gross acreage isthe area where Repsol owns a working interest
Net acreage is the sum af the fractions of interest held in gross acreage.

Main production concessions by country

The following table provides figures on the main production and development concessions for
Repsol's Upstream division by country at December 31, 2012, likewise stating the percentage
that Repsol holds in each of them.

203


--- Page 15 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

‘Operated (0)/Not Liquid
Main blocks % Repsol operated (NO) _(L)/Gas (G)
Europe
Spain Poseidén Norte 10.00% ° G
Spain Lubina 10.00% ° L
Spain Montanazo 72.44% ° L
South Ame
‘TWinidad and Tobago __ West Block (BPTT) 30.00% No LG
Tinidad and Tobago _TSP (POU!) 70.00% ° LG
Other countries in South America
Brazil Albacora Leste 6.00% No LG
Brazil BM-S-9 (Carioca) 15.00% NO L
Brazil BM-S-9 (Sapinhoa) 15.00% No L
Margarita-Huacaya 37.50% ° LG
Sabalo 24.46% No LG
Bolivia San Alberto 24.46% No LG
Colombia Cravo Norte 5.63% No L
Ecuador Block 16 35.00% ° L
Ecuador Tivacuno 35.00% ° L
Peru Block 56 10.00% No LG
Peru Block 88 10.00% No LG
Peru Block 57 (Kinteroni) 53.8496 ° LG
Venezuela Quiriquire (Gas) 60.00% ° G
Venezuela Cardén IV (Perla) 50.00% ° G
Venezuela Barua Motatan 40.00% ° L
Venezuela Quiriquire 40.00% ° LG
Venezuela Mene Grande 40.00% ° L
Venezuela Carabobo 71.00% ° G
Central America = = = -
North Am: = = = -
United States Shenzi 28.00% No LG
United States Mississippian Lime 16.23% NO LG
(original area)
United States Mississippian Lime 25.0096 NO LG
(extended area)
Aftica
Algeria Tin Fouyé Tabenkor 30.00% ° LG
(TFT)
Algeria TFR, TIM and BEQ 59.50% ° L
(Issaouane)
Algeria Reggane 29.25% ° G
Libya NCIS 20.00% ° L
Libya NC-186 16.00% ° L
Asi
Russia SNO (AROG) 49.00% ° L
Russia TNO (AROG) 49.00% ° L
Russia SK/YK 10.00% ° G
204

BUSINESS AREAS

Average realization price for crude oil and gas by geographical region

‘Ar Decemaer 31, 2012 ‘Ar Decemaer 31, 2011

Average ‘Average ‘Average Average
crude oil gas realization crude oil gas realization
realization price price realization price price
(e/bbl) (€/boe) (€/bbl) (€/boe)
Europe 85.70 50.67 80.06 5449
South America 59.1315.90 53.25 1379
Peru 81,912.62 7718 1118
Trinidad and Tobago 88.9013.32 728 1331
Venezuela 80.91.40 7158 10.4
Other countries in South 37.0936.83 34.40 24.63
America
Central America - = =
80.7829.13, 76.08 47.09
85.86 7431 =
50.70 = =
Oceania - = =
ToTAL 69.2316.24 60.51 4.23

Note: source data in dollars converted atthe accumulated average dollar/euro exchange rate forthe period in
{question

Results

Operating income 2012 2011 Variation
Aiilions of euros 2012/2001
North America and Brazil 380 419 (996)
North Africa 1,298 99 1.201%
Rest of the world 530 895 (41%)
TOTAL 2,208 143 56%

Operating income for the Upstream division in 2012 was €2,208 million compared to €1,413
million in the previous year, driven by increased production and realization prices, and the
appreciation of the dollar against the euro. The increase in production is mainly due to the
resumption of activity in Libya, the entering into production of Phase | in Margarita (Bolivia)
and the positive progress of operations in the United States as a result of the development
wells drilled after the lifting of the drilling moratorium and the start of production of the
Mississippian Lime assets. In Trinidad and Tobago, however, production declined compared
to the previous year owing to the maintenance stops made during the year.

EBITDA stood at €3,438 million compared to €2,072 million in 2011

The average sale price of Repsol's basket liquids was $87.35/barrel (€67.98/barrel), compared
to $83,3/barrel (€59.8/barrel) in 2011. The average gas price stood at $3.7 per thousand cubic
feet, representing an increase of 5.4% over the previous year.

The net lifting cost reached $3.8 per barrel. This figure is similar to that for financial year 2011
(63.6 per barrel). The finding cost of proven reserves over the 2010-2012 period averaged
$9.02 per equivalent barrel

Discoveries

In 2012 there were five exploratory discoveries drilled in Pao de Acticar (Brazil), Sagari (Peru)
Tihalatine South-1 (Algeria) and Chipirén T2 and Caio Rondén Este 1 (Colombia).

205


--- Page 16 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

In first quarter 2012 Repsol Sinopec Brasil made a significant deepwater discovery in the
Campos Basin. The discovery well, known as Pao de Acucar, is located in block BM-C-33,
in a water depth of 2,789 meters, at a total depth of 7,210 meters and 195 kilometers from
the coast. Hydrocarbons were found in two different levels, with a total column, summing
the thickness of both of 480 meters, one of the highest so far in Brazil. After the discovery,
production tests were carried out that resulted in 5 kbbl/d of light oil and 28.5 Mscfd gas
flow, even with the limited flow of the installed facilities. Additional work will be performed
to confirm the extent of the discovery. Pao de Acticar joins the Seat and Gavea discoveries,
all in the BM-C-33 block. Gavea was included by IHS in the list of the 10 largest discoveries
in the world in 2011 and Pao de Agdcar joined this list in 2012, confirming the area's high
potential. The block is operated by Repsol Sinopec Brasil (359), in partnership with Statoil
(356) and Petrobras (30%). Offshore Brazil is one of the fastest growing areas of hydrocarbon
reserves in the world. Ifthe high expectations are confirmed, this will be the first major oilfield
operated by a foreign oil company in Brazil, This discovery sets a new milestone for Repsol
in deepwater drilling.

In August 2012 there was a new exploration discovery in Peru of gas and condensate in Block
57, n the sub-Andean area of the country. The Sagari exploration well was successful in two
different formations known as Nia Superior and Nia Inferior. Repsol is the operator of the
block, with a share of 53,8436, while Petrobras holds the remaining 46.16%. The Sagari find
reinforces the potential of this area of Peru, where the Kinteroni field is also located. Produc-
tion tests at Sagari, conducted at depths between 2,691 and 2,813 meters, resulted in a flow
of 26 Mscfd with 1,200 barrels of condensate (liquid hydrocarbons) in one of the formations
and 24 Mscfd and 800 barrels per day of condensate in another. Between both tests levels of
almost 11 kboe/d were obtained. Having established the high potential, Repsol is continuing
with the exploration of other structures in this black

In October 2012 an exploration well was successfully completed at Tihalatine South. (Algeria),
located in the Sud-EstIllizi block. This exploratory gas discovery s situated in the basin of Illizi,
in the southeast of the country. This discovery well is the first one drilled in the block. The
consortium led by Repsol (with a 25,725% stake as operator), won the Sud-Est liz black in
2010, in the second round of national and international bids for exploration and development
blocks. The partners in this project are Enel SpA (13.4759) and GDF Suez (9.8%). The remaining
51% is held by the Algerian state company Sonatrach. The discovery was made at a depth of
1,073 meters and the first production tests showed a gas volume of 105,000 cubic meters (3.7
million cubic feet per day). The consortium will drill four addition exploration wells as part of
efforts to realize the potential ofthis block.

Hydrocarbon discoveries were made in Colombia with exploration wells Chipirén T2 in the
Chipirén block and Cafio Rondén Este 1 in the Rondén block, both located in the Llanos Basin
The Chipirén T2 well was completed with positive results in April and the Cafio Rond6n Este
1 was completed in June. In both blocks, Repsol has a stake of 12.5%. Ecopetrol accepted the
commercial viability of both discoveries in April and August, respectively.

Production

Repsol's hydrocarbon production in 2012 was estimated at 332,434 barrels of oil equivalent
per day, representing an increase of 1.3% on the figures for 2011

The resumption of operations in Libya after the suspension from March to November 2011
explains the most significant part of this increase. Additionally the implementation of the
Margarita-Huacaya gas development project in May 2012 has enabled total gas production
to rise from 3 to 9 Mm*/d.

On the other hand, there has been a decline in gas production in Trinidad and Tobago owing
to maintenance both of the trains at the Atlantic LNG liquefaction plant and ofthe production
platforms, in Ecuador owing to decline in the field and the sale of a 20% stake in the service
contracts of block 16 and Tivacuno in September 2012 and to a lesser degree in Brazil with
the natural decline of Albacora Leste.

206

BUSINESS AREAS

Net production of liquids and natural gas by geographical area:

NET PRODUCTION OF LIQUIDS AND NATURAL GAS BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

2012 200

Liquids Natural gas TOTAL Liquids Natural gas TOTAL

(Mbbl) (bef) (Mboe) (Mbbl) (bef) (Mboe)

Europe 1 2 1 1 2 1

Spain 1 2 1 1 2 1

South America m4 372 90 6 370 92

Bolivia 2 45 0 2 35 8

Brazil 2 * 2 2 * 2

Colombia 1 = 1 1 = 1

Ecuador 7 = 7 9 = 9

Peru 3 39 10 3 37 10

Trinidad and Tobago 4 240 a 5 250 49

Venezuela 5 a B 5 a7 B

Central America = = - = -

North America 10 5 N 10 3 10

United States 10 5 1 0 3 10

A W n 9 4 2 7

Algeria 1 2 3 1 2 3

Libya 16 - 16 3 - 3

Asia 1 = 1 = = -

Russia 1 = 1 = = =

Oceania = = - = = -

TOTAL NET PRODUCTION 52 391 2 40 387 109
(¢) Production value between o and

PRODUCTIVE WELLS BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA As oF Decemaer 31, 2012”

Oil Gas

Gross Net Gross Net

Europe 8 6 1 1

South America 1,083 338 166 a

Peru = = 2 2

Trinidad and Tobago 96 7 a 6

Venezuela 333 i) B 0

Other countries in South America 654 18 4 33

Central America = = = -

North America 304 3 = -

Africa 240 48 83 25

Asia 332 163 = -

Oceania = = = -

ToTAL 1,968 588 250 87

207


--- Page 17 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

RODUCTIVE WELLS BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA ‘As of Decemser 31, 2011”
oil Gas

Gross Net Gross Net
Europe 8 6 = -
South America 1,056 357 163 64
Peru = = 20 2
Tiinidad and Tobago 99 ey 8 6
Venezuela 319 128 2 1
Other countries in South America 638 160 B 36
Central America = = = -
North America “ 4 = -
Africa 13 a 79 m4
Asia = = = -
Oceania = = = -
TOTAL 1191 394 242 88

A gross well is a well in which Repsol owns a working interest. The number of net wells is the sur of the factions
of interest held in gross wells

Reserves

At year-end 2012, Repsol's proven reserves, estimated in accordance with the US Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) conceptual framework for the oil and gas industry, and in
accordance with the criteria envisaged under the Petroleum Reserves Management System
of the Society of Petroleum Engineers (PRMS-SPE), amounted to 1,294 Mboe, of which 428
Mboe (33.1%) relate to crude oil, condensate and liquefied gases, and the remaining 866
Mboe (66.9%) to natural gas.

Ofthe total reserves, 25.496 are located in Trinidad and Tobago, 54.4% are located in the other
South American countries (Venezuela, Peru, Brazil, Ecuador, etc.), 11.8% is in North Africa
(Algeria and Libya), 4.19 is in the North America (United States) and approximately 4.3% in
Europe and Asia (Spain and Russian Federation).

In 2012, the development of these reserves was positive, with a total incorporation of 248
Mboe, from the Cardén IV Project in Venezuela, contributions from Sapinhod (formerly Guard)
in Brazil, the inclusion of projects in the Russian Federation and the United States and the
review of development plans in Libya. In 2012, the company achieved a reserve replacement
ratio (measuring total additions of proven reserves over the period relative to production
for the period) of 204% for crude oil, condensate, LPG and natural gas (168% for crude oil,
condensate and LPG, and 231% for natural gas)

Investments

Operating investments in the Upstream business totaled €2,423 million in 2012, 33.6% up on
the same figure for nancial year 2011 (€3,813 million). Investment in development accounted
for 60% of the total and was carried out mainly in the United States (319), Brazil (1498), Trin-
idad and Tobago (13%), Venezuela (119%), Bolivia (9%) and Peru (8%). Exploration investments
represented 18% of total investment and were materialized chiefly in the United States (34%),
Peru (2194) and Brazil (12%). The remainder corresponds to the incorporation of the assets
in Russia (Saneco and TNO) and Mississippian Lime in the United States.

Divestments

In Ecuador, in September 2012 the sale was agreed of the Amodaimi Oil company, which
owns a 20% stake in the service contracts for blocks 16 and Tivacuno, both in production, to
Tiptop Energy Ltd., a subsidiary of the Chinese company Sinopec.

208

BUSINESS AREAS

Activities in the main countries

North America

United States

In January 2012 a major deal that had been announced in December 2011 was ratified with the
US oil firm Sand Ridge Energy, to acquire 16% and 25% of two large areas of unconventional
resources in the major Mississippian Lime reservoir, located between the states of Kansas and
‘Oklahoma. In the first half of 2012 Repsol was already incorporating production and reserves
from this development in its accounts. During the year, an intensive drilling campaign was
conducted yielding close to 300 producing wells, with the forecast of 700 in 2013,

The company also holds a 28% stake in the production assets of the deepwater Shenzi field in
the Gulf of Mexico. In the second quarter of 2012 the Shenzi 9 appraisal well was drilled and
completed, with positive results. The well began producing and was connected to the new
Manifold H in late June. To maintain pressure and enhance production levels between May
and September 2012 water was injected into the reservoir via two injection wells. Among the
additional development tasks at the field, in 2013 new injection wells will be drilled, with an
infil well on the western flank and a development well on the northeast flank. As of December
2012, thirteen wells were producing at the Shenzi platform, plus two further wells at the Marco
Polo platform. To date, the reservoirs have been matching the performance levels previously
modeled by Repsol.

In 2012 the parameters were defined for drilling the second appraisal well at the Buckskin
discovery, which is expected to be drilled in the first half of 2013. After the positive results of
the first evaluation well in 201, this new well will confirm the great resource potential of the
reservoir and define the field development plan, with a view at starting production between
2017 and 2018. Repsol, as operator of the project in its exploratory phase, made this important
discovery in 2009 at a total depth of 9,000 meters, making it the deepest well operated by
Repsol so far and one of the deepest drilled in the area

In June 2012 the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) announced the results of
the 216/222 Lease Sale in the United States. Repsol obtained five new exploration blocks in
central offshore Gulf of Mexico and is the operator in three of the blocks. This was the first
round since the incident at the Macondo well and after the moratorium was lifted by United
States authorities.

In February 2012 drilling began at the major Alaska North Slope exploration project and signs
of hydrocarbons were found that are currently under evaluation and to be confirmed with
additional wells. Three additional exploration wells are planned in 2013. Repsol joined this
project, located in one of the most prolific areas of Alaska, in March 2011 following an agree-
ment reached with the companies "7o & 148, LLC" and "GMT Exploration, LLC" for the joint
exploration of the area. Repsol is the operator with a 70% interest. The Alaskan North Slope
is a particularly promising area, with a number of major discovered reservoirs and reduced
exploratory risk. Thanks to the new project, Repsol has increased its presence in OECD coun-
tries while consolidating its strategy of balancing its exploration portfolio with low-risk assets
through onshore opportunities within a stable environment.

In early 2012 the Department of Natural Resources announced the results of the preliminary
NS-2001 W round of the Alaska North Slope basin, which took place on December 7, 2011
Repsol was awarded 13 new exploration blocks totaling an area of 186 kr’.

Also in Alaska, in November 2012 the Department of Natural Resources announced the
preliminary results of the NS-2012W and BS-2012W bidding rounds. In the first round Repsol
won the most blocks (24) in the North Slope basin, totaling an area of 158 km’. In the second
round Repsol was awarded an additional block of 13 km’ in the Beaufort Sea Basin

Repsol's diversified portfolio of projects in the United States, comprised of assets in produc-
tion and exploration projects of great significance, both onshore and offshore, positions this
country as one of the major strategic growth areas for the company. Repsol has a stake in
‘44o blacks in the United States, along with the Mississippian Lime assets.

Canada

In the first quarter of 2012 offshore blocks EL-1125 and EL-1126 were incorporated into the
company's acreage, awarded by the East Canada Bid Round in November 2011. The consortium
is formed by Repsol (10%), Statoil (50% and operator) and Chevron (40%). The blocks are
located in the Flemish Pass Basin, off the coast of Newfoundland and the Labrador peninsula

209


--- Page 18 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

In February 2012 an agreement was announced with Chevron to acquire a 20% interest in
block EL-1074R, located in the Orphan Basin, opposite the Canadian coasts of the province
of Newfoundland and Labrador. Following this agreement, the black is held by Chevron (65%
and operator), Repsol (20%) and Statoil (15).

In November 2012 the Canada-Newfoundland & Labrador Offshore Board awarded an explora
tion block of 2,089 krn? located in the Flemish Pass basin to a consortium made up of Repsol
(25%), Husky (40% and operator) and Suncor (35%). This block is adjacent to block EL-110
where Repsol is also engaged with Husky and Suncor.

The addition in 2012 of these new exploration blacks to join existing ones, demonstrates
Repsol's commitment to create a significant portfolio of projects in the Canadian offshore
area, in line with its strategy of geographical diversification and growth in OECD countries.

Latin America

Brazil

The Sapinhod deepwater development plan (formerly known as Guard), in block BM-S-9 of the
Santos basin, one of the company's key growth projects, made significant progress in 2012
as planned, which allowed production to begin at the first production well in the southern
area in early January 2013, The production in the southern area of Sapinhoé (formerly Guard)
is performed by the Floating Production, Storage and Offloading (FPSO) platform "Cidade
de Sao Paulo" with capacity to process 120 kbbI/d of oil and 5 million cubic meters of gas
per day. Throughout 2013 and 2014 new wells will be connected to the platform, which is
expected to reach a total crude oil production of 120 kbbl/d in the first half of 2014. The
partners in this important project are Petrobras (45% and operator), BG (30%) and Repsol
Sinopec Brasil (25%). In 2012 the Sapinhod ADR2 development well and 16S injection well
were drilled and the corresponding tests were performed. Furthermore, the Sapinhod North
well was completed in order to start an extended well test (EWT) in early 2013. Within the
development plan, the Sapinhod P3S appraisal well was drilled and work commenced on the
Sapinhod P4S and Sapinhod PsS wells. The development plan also contemplated carrying
out EWT at Sapinhod North in the first half of 2013, the completion of the 18" Guara-Tupi
pipeline installation and the conclusion of the Sapinhoa South appraisal work. In 2012 @
contract was awarded for the lease of FPSO "Cidade de IIhabela" for a period of 20 years.
This platform, with a daily production capacity of 150 kbbl/d of oil and 6 million cubic meters
of gas, will be used for the production of the Sapinhod North field which is expected to be
launched in the second half of 2014,

Within the evaluation and development plan for the Carioca project, also in the prolific
BM-S-9 block, in 2012 the Carioca North an advanced well was drilled to define the potential
and extent of the Carioca area with greater precision, once the Carioca Sela appraisal well
was completed. The positive results obtained in the fourth quarter with the Carioca North
well confirm the extension of the Carioca field. To determine the flow capacity of the well
production tests will be performed in 2013 and new evaluation work will be undertaken to
define the full potential of the Carioca area. To achieve this, the Brazilian National Petroleum
Agency (ANP) approved an additional program of activities and extended the deadline for
declaring commercial viability until December 31, 2013. The development and production
project in the Carioca area is progressing as established and the target to start production
in 2016 remains unchanged.

After the exploration discovery made in 2012 with Pao de Agiicar well, Repsol confirmed
the great potential of block BM-C-33, in the Brazilian pre-salt. The partners, Repsol Sinopec
Brasil (35% and operator), Statoil (3594) and Petrobras (30%), are working on the defi-
nition of future evaluation and development plan for the area. This block contains the
Seat (2010), Gavea (2011) and Pao de Acucar (2012) discoveries. The latter, located in a
water depth of 2,789 meters and 195 kilometers from the coast, has an oil column of 480
meters and, according to the company IHS, was one of the most significant discoveries
in the world in 2012.

During the year Repsol took part in the appraisal and development plan for the Piracuca
field (block BM-S-7) with the analysis of the most suitable options. As operator, Petro-
bras is contemplating developing Piracuca together with other discoveries in the same
area (Panoramix, Vampira and Guaiama) by studying the feasibility of jointly developing
the fields, thus allowing synergies that would improve the returns in all these projects.
The development wells drilled to date at Piracucé have contributed to better defining
the south-west area of the field, leaving the definition of the north-east area, where a

210

BUSINESS AREAS

development well is planned for 2014. The basic parameters of the field development
plan are expected to be defined in 2013.

The evaluation plan of the Panoramix discovery, located in block BM-S-48 (S-M-674), is
progressing according to the proposal submitted in August 2011 to the ANP, including the
drilling of an appraisal well with a contingent DST production test and the possibility of a
second well

All the promising results in Brazil since 2011 were obtained by virtue of the alliance signed
in 2010 between Repsol (60%) and the Chinese company Sinopec (40%), which led to the
creation of Repsol Sinopec Brasil, one of the leading private energy companies operating in
Latin America, Repsol Sinopec Brazil is one of the leading independent energy companies in
exploration and production in Brazil, it occupies a strategic position in the areas of greatest
potential and of the Brazilian pre-salt and leads the exploration activity in the prolific Santos
basin, together with Petrobras and BG. The company boasts a significant and well-diversified
portfolio of assets within the country, which includes a field already in production (Albacora
Leste) and major discoveries over recent years in blocks BM-S-g and BM-C-33, along with
the Piracucé field, located within the BM-S-7 block and currently under development, and
Panoramix, in the BM-S-48 (S-M-674) block.

The important exploration discoveries made in recent years, coupled with the development
projects that are currently materializing and the agreement reached with Sinopec, all bolster
the company's strategy in offshore Brazil, one of the areas offering the greatest growth in oil
and gas reserves worldwide, and represent one of the key growth projects for the Upstream
division

Bolivia

In early May 2012 the gas processing plant was opened and the first phase of the major
Margarita-Huacaya gas development project went into production. The commissioning
of the plant, along with the fluids collection system, gas pipelines and the completion of
wells, allowed total gas production to be increased from 3 to 9 Mrm'/d. Margarita-Huacaya,
one of the major projects in Repsol's Strategic Plan began to contribute a large volume of
production in 2012. The first phase was completed on schedule and below the approved
budget. The second phase is currently underway with the construction of a new module
in the treatment plant and the drilling of additional production wells. This second phase
is expected to enter operation in fourth quarter 2013 and by the second half of 2014 total
gas production will amount to 14 Mm’/d. The start of the first phase at Margarita-Huacaya
implies new production in the first key development project of the Strategic Plan and is an
important step that demonstrates Repsol's ability to fulfll its commitment to Upstream
growth and to safety-related matters.

In February 2012 the third gas train entered into service at the Sabalo field, increasing processing
capacity from 13.4 to 22.1 Mm’/d, Between 659 and 70% of the production of this field is
intended to cover the Gas Supply Agreement (GSA) with Brazil, with a seasonal demand in
excess of 30 Mrn?/d, particularly in winter. The Sabalo field is operated by Petrobras (35%),
in partnership with Total (15%), and YPFB Andina (50%), a company owned by Repsol with
a 48.92% stake.

In May 2012 YPFB and Repsol signed two new survey agreements for the exploration of areas
Carahuaicho 8C, covering 975 km? and located in the department of Santa Cruz, and Casira,
covering 1,950 km? and located in the department of Potosi. Repsol is evaluating the poten:
tial of these areas and, depending on the results, it will have the option of signing a service
contract for exploring and developing them

AAs part of the exploratory round 2012, in December the state-owned Bolivian company YPFB
announced, through an administrative resolution, the award to YPFB-Andina, Petrobras and
BG Bolivia of 10 areas of study which will be developed to assess their potential

Peru

Throughout the first quarter of 2013 production will start at Kinteroni, another of the compa-
ny's key projects. The development plan for the Kinteroni South field, launched in mid-2010,
includes the drilling, completion, and testing of production wells and the construction
of surface facilities and pipeline system to the Malvinas plant, The Kinteroni field is in
Block 57, located in central-eastern Peru, east of the Andes, in the Ucayali-Madre de Dios
basin. Kinteroni was discovered in January 2008 and was one of the greatest discoveries
in the world that year. The partners in the block are Repsol (53.84% and operator) and
Petrobras (46.169)

a0


--- Page 19 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

In 2012 second major exploration discovery was made in black 57 with the Sagari exploration
well, which was positive in two formations. This important finding significantly increases the
potential of the block, which also includes the Kinteroni field.

In 2012 Ecopetrol and Repsol Exploracién agreed to the sale of 30% of lot 109, which was held
100% by Repsol. This block, which is located in Santiago and Huallaga basins, is in its third
exploration period. The transaction is pending official approval

In 2012 the supply of natural gas from the Camisea field, where Repsol has a 10% interest,
continued normally to the Peru LNG liquefaction plant where the company in turn has a
20% stake. The Camisea field comprises blocks 56 and 88, where production is intended for
the local market and to supply the Peru LNG liquefaction plant. In April 2012 the Directo-
rate General of Energy Environmental Affairs of the Peruvian Ministry of Energy and Mines
approved the environmental impact study to explore and develop the area of San Martin
Este in block 88 of the Camisea field. This block is under production at the Cashiriari and
San Martin fields.

Venezuela

In August 2012 the Venezuelan authorities approved the declaration of commercial viability
and the Development Plan for the Perla field, located in the Cardén IV block, Gulf of Venezuela,
Following this declaration, the main partner, Petréleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), in accordance
with the terms of the gas license, has the right to participate with 3seein the development of the
project, in which Repsol and Eni will hold the remaining 65% in equal parts. The development
plan of this key project contemplates three phases depending on the volumes of non-associated
natural gas to be produced: the first for 300 Mscfd and a planned production start in 2014, a
second phase of 800 Mscfd, and a third of 1,200 Mscfd. The development will involve a series
of tasks to be performed simultaneously, both on land and at sea, most notably the re-entry
of wells drilled in the exploration phase and the driling of new wells, the construction and
installation of offshore platforms, the laying of production pipelines, the construction of the
onshore gas processing and treatment plant and the pipeline from the gas treatment plant to
the point of delivery to PDVSA Gas. The gas license includes a number of social contributions
to the community, as established by the Ministry of Energy and Mining, and as a contribution
to the development of communities in the area. In 2012 orders were placed for the purchase
of long lead items (LLI) and pipes were delivered in the Cardén area for the construction of
the flow line to the platforms that will connect them to the future onshore treatment plant.
Work also began on the detailed engineering for the onshore processing plant and progress
was made in the process of awarding the rig contract which is expected to start working in
the fourth quarter 2013

The Perla mega-field was discovered by Repsol and Eni in 2009 within the larger Cardén
IV block, which is located in shallow waters of the Gulf of Venezuela, roughly 50 kilometers
from the coast. A total of five wells have been drilled which will be put into production using
platforms and subsea connections that will take the gas to shore for processing and sending
to the Venezuelan distribution network, in accordance with the development plan.

In the other key growth project in Venezuela, the Carabobo heavy crude oil project, progress
was made in 2012 in the development work aimed at initiating accelerated production
in 2013 and early production for the project around 2014. The permanent production
facilities, currently in the process of selecting the engineering team that will perform the
FEED (Front End Engineering Design), is scheduled to be operational in 2016, reaching
the expected production plateau of 400,000 barrels of oil in 2017 with the commissioning
of the oil upgrader. This upgrader, with a processing capacity of 200 kbbl/¢, will increase
the quality of the crude to 32° API. In 2012 the first phase of the 3D seismic campaign was
performed throughout the block and drilling was completed in seven stratigraphic wells.
The conceptual engineering for the accelerated production project was also completed, with
approval for building a processing plant with a capacity of 30 kbbl/d and completion of
the conceptual engineering of the permanent facilities. In late December 2012 the start of
production was announced at the first well scheduled under the accelerated development
plan in the Carabobo field

The Venezuelan government awarded the Carabobo project to a consortium of international
companies headed by Repsol, which holds an 119 stake, in February 2010. This important
project, undertaken jointly with PDVSA, consists of the development of the heavy crude
oil reserves in the Carabobo 1 Norte and Carabobo 1 Centro areas located in the Orinoco
Petroleum Belt. This region holds some of the largest undeveloped hydrocarbon reserves
in the world, Production will reach 400,000 barrels of oil per day over 40 years. Part of

22

BUSINESS AREAS

the heavy crude oil obtained from the project will be sent to Repsol's Spanish refineries,
which will allow the company to profit from its investment in advanced deep conversion
techniques at the refineries.

Trinidad and Tobago

Repsol holds a 30% stake in the company BPTT, which operates a large productive oil and
gas area in the country's offshore zone. Production at these various fields will be sent to the
liquefaction trains at the Atlantic LNG plant, in which Repsol also owns an interest

In late 2012 BPTT announced a gas discovery with the Savonette 4 appraisal wel initially
allowing the estimates of the Savonette gas field resources to be duplicated. This appraisal
well, in production since November 2012, was drilled to the east of the field, at a depth of 90
meters in the Columbus Basin 80 kilometers off the east coast of Trinidad. The total depth of
the well was 5,700 meters. Savonette was discovered in 2004 during the exploratory drilling
at Chachalaca and went into production in 2009,

Repsol is the operator of the TSP offshore producing blocks, holding a 70% interest. In
2012 the processing tasks were completed for the 3D seismic registers of the previous
year. The goal is to complete the seismic coverage for the area and evaluate the explora-
tion potential remaining in the asset. During the year other new drillable prospects were
also identified.

Other countries in Latin America

In Colombia, in third quarter 2012, the partnership between Repsol and Ecopetrol, with @
0% interest each, was awarded a new deepwater hydrocarbons exploration black. The block,
called Guajira Offshore 1, has an area of 12,271 km? and is located at depths between 1,500
and 3,000 meters. The block is subject to a technical evaluation agreement with a term of
36 months.

Also in Colombia, in 2012 the company achieved two new exploration successes; one in the
Chipirén block with exploration well Chipirén Ta and the other in the Rondén block with the
Cafto Rondén Este 1 exploration well, both located in the Llanos Basin.

In Mexico, Repsol operates the Reynosa-Monterrey block through a multi-service contract.
At year-end 2012 there were 46 producing wells. This production is not reflected in Repsol's
accounts since it belongs to Pemex. In 2013 additional development and infrastructure work
was performed and repairs are scheduled for about 20 wells to increase production in the
area. In 2014 maintenance services and works will be carried out.

In Guyana, in July 2012 exploratory drilling was stopped at the Jaguar-1X well when much higher
pressure conditions than expected were encountered at depths of almost s,ooo meters. We
obtained samples of ight crude oil with a high content in gas at two intervals, which confirms
the hydrocarbon-generating potential of the area. Using the information obtained, work is
currently underway on the engineering design of a new well to overcome the pressure and
temperature conditions found and achieve the promising targets.

In Ecuador, in September 2012 the sale was agreed of the Amodaimi Oil company, which
owns a 20% stake in the service contracts for blocks 16 and Tivacuno, both in produc-
tion, to Tiptop Energy Ltd., a subsidiary of the Chinese company Sinopec. The share
transfer was performed after the approval of the Ecuadorean State received in August.
Following this transaction, Repsol, which acquired this 20% stake in 2009 from Murphy
Oil, returns to its former interest of 35% in blocks 16 and Tivacuno. The consortium
continues with Repsol as the operator, in partnership with OPIC (31%), Tiptop Energy
(20%) and Sinochem (14%)

In Cuba, following the negative results of the Jagtiey exploration well completed in the first half
of 2012, Repsol proceeded, afier fulfilling the requirements set by the authorities, to cancel the
contract for exploration in the area, and therefore as of December 31, 2012 Repsol no longer
had any exploration or production interests in Cuban blocks.

Africa

Repsol’s significant presence in North Africa is mainly concentrated in Algeria and Libya,
countries where it holds interests in major projects that will ensure sustained and profitable
growth over the coming years. The company is also consolidating its presence in West Africa,
in particular Angola, Sierra Leone and Liberia,

213


--- Page 20 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Libya

Following the resolution of the conflict in October 2011 production was restarted in blocks
NC-u15 and NC-186. Throughout 2012 production reached levels similar to those before the
conflict, with an annual average around 300,000 barrels per day and peak production over
330,000 barrels per day in total for both Blacks.

On March 8, the company informed the state-owned NOC Libya company that the Force
Majeure situation declared in 2011 had ended, leading to the resumption of exploration
activities in blocks NC-115 and NC-186. The Libyan authorities approved the request to extend
the concession for the suspension period, extending it until August 6, 2014. In 2012 a drilling
nit was found to perform the exploratory drilling commitments and the 3D seismic survey
was reactivated with the previously selected contractor.

Algeria

Currently, Repsol has interests in the operation of two production projects (Issaouane and
Tin-Fouye Tabankort), a major gas development project (Reggane Nord) and one exploration
project (SE Illizi)

In November 201 the Algerian authorities approved the commissioning of the North Reganne
development project and in 2012 preparations began for the first development wells. This
important gas project in the Algerian Sahara includes the development of six felds (Reggane,
Kahlouche, South Kahlouche, Sali, Tiouliline and Southeast Azrafil) that are located in the
Reggane Basin about 1,500 kilometers southwest of Algiers. Production is expected to begin
in 2016, The development of the area includes the drilling and completion of 104 wells and
the construction of a gas treatment plant with a capacity of 8 million cubic meters per day,
a gas storage system, a pipeline for export and infrastructure works consisting of an airstrip
and an electrical system. Repsol has 29.259 stake in the consortium that will develop the
project, in partnership and jointly operated with the Algerian State-owned company Sonatrach
(40%), Germany's RWE Dea AG (19.5%), and Edison of Italy (11.2596). Reggane is one of the
key exploration and production projects included in Repsol's Strategic Plan

As operator of the Sud-Est Illizi exploratory block, Repsol discovered gas in the third quarter
2012 with exploration well Tihalatine Souths, the fist to be drilled in the block. The company
holds a 25.725% interest and its partners are Enel SpA (13.4759), GDF Suez (9.89%) and
Sonatrach (519)

Angola

In January 2012 the company incorporated exploration blocks 22, 35 and 37 to its acreage.
The signing of these contracts with Sonangol took place on December 20, 2011. Repsol is
the operator of block 22 where it has 30% stake, and has a 25% interest in block 35 (operated
by Eni) and 20% of Block 37 (operated by ConocoPhillips). In 2012 the 3D seismic surveying
commitments were completed in all three blacks

Sierra Leone
In 2012 the Jupiter-1 discovery well was drilled offshore Sierra Leone with good results that
are currently being evaluated. The consortium, made up by Repsol (253), Anadarko (55% and
operator) and Tullow (20%), drilled this well in block SL-07B10, at a depth of 6,465 meters in
2,200 meters of water, in the same area as the Mercury-1 exploration well completed in 2010.
The well found an oil column of 30 meters, which seems to reinforce the high hydrocarbon
potential of a region that, until now, has been largely unexplored

Liberia

In June 2012 it was decided to move to the next phase of exploration in Black LB-is where
Repsol has a 27.5% interest. The Montserrado-1 discovery well completed its obligations for
the year in this block.

In July 2012 the next phase of exploration began in block LB-10, where Repsol has 2 10%
stake, The results are being analyzed to prioritize the objectives, in addition to estimating the
potential resources and the geological risks.

Tunisia

In recent years several exploration opportunities have been evaluated in North Africa, Three
offshore blocks were acquired in Tunisia in 2011 in which Repsol is the operator with 100%
interest, 6,768 kilometers of existing 2D seismic data was reprocessed in 2012 to expand
knowledge about the area,

24

BUSINESS AREAS

Asia
Russia

In August 2012, Repsol and Alliance Oil completed the first phase of their common project
for the exploration and production of hydrocarbons with the incorporation of assets to
the AROG joint venture by Alliance Oil and the purchase of shares by Repsol. This project
was approved in an agreement signed in December 2011. AROG will serve as a growth
platform for both companies in the Russian Federation, the largest oil and gas producer
in the world. In August 2012 Alliance Oil contributed its subsidiary Saneco, which encom-
passes exploration and production activities in the Samara region (Volga-Urals Basin), with
proven and probable reserves in 11 oil fields that are already in production. Meanwhile,
Repsol acquired shares in the new company and signed up to a 49% stake in it. In third
quarter 2012 Repsol incorporated production and reserves from this important project
into its books. In December 2012 Alliance also incorporated the assets of its subsidiary
Tatnefteodatcha (TNO) to the AROG venture, located in the Russian region of Tatarstan
(Volga-Urals Basin) and consisting of two oil fields with their respective exploration and
production licenses. For its part, in late January 2013 Repsol contributed to AROG with
the company's assets in Eurotek, including two major gas fields: Syskonsyninskoye (SK),
which is expected to enter production in the first half of 2013 and Yuzhno-khadyryakhin-
skoye (YK) which is in the final evaluation phase before entering development. With all
this in late January 2013 was completed the formation of the joint venture AROG between
Alliance Oil (5196) and Repsol (49%)

This agreement combines Alliance Oil's knowledge and access to exploration and production
opportunities in Russia with the financial and technical ability of Repsol, thus forging a long-
term alliance for exploration and production activities. The agreement also includes the joint
search of new expansion opportunities by acquiring oil and gas assets in Russia

In 2012 Eurotek-Yugra (100% Repsol) was awarded three exploration licenses: Karabashskiy-78,
Karabashskiy-79 and Kileyskiy for a period of five years. These licenses are located in Westem
Siberia-Khanty-Mansiysk (Yugra), Okrug region, in the Ural-Frolov basin

In October 2012 confirmation was received awarding block Salymsky 6, which was part of
the June-July 2012 bidding round, raising the number of exploration areas controlled 100%
by Repsol in Russia to 1.

Progress was also made in the preparation of two exploration wells in the Karabashki 1 and
2 blocks in order to begin drilling in January 2013

Indonesia

In 2012 the Cendrawasih Bay I! seismic surveying commitment was completed with the
acquisition of 2,691 kilometers, the first task by Repsol as operator in this block. The survey
was completed without incidents, on time and within budget, despite the difficulties of such a
sensitive and remote area -located about 3,000 kilometers from Jakarta. The full interpretation
results of this data are expected for first quarter 2013.

Also in 2012 an offshore sample acquisition campaign was also performed in East Bula and

Seram, together with an aerial gravimetry and magnetism survey for a better understanding
of these blocks.

Iraq
At the Piramagrun and Qala Dze exploration blocks awarded in 201 in the eastern region of
Kurdistan, 22D seismic survey began in second quarter 2012 and inspections were completed
prior to measuring the gravimetry. Work also continued on the field geology operations started
in 2011. The final geological data is currently being processed. All these tasks serve to evaluate
the hydrocarbon potential of the area

Europe

Norway
In recent years Repsol has been consolidating a significant portfolio of projects in the Scandi
avian country, in line with its strategy of geographic diversification and increased presence in
‘OECD countries. In December 2012 Repsol participated in 14 exploration licenses in Norwegian
waters, acting as the operator in three of them (PL-541, PL-s31 and PL-642).

215


--- Page 21 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

The PL:531 license, obtained by acquiring a 20% stake in the operator Marathon in January 2011
and operated by Repsol, has seen the commencement of preparatory work before the drilling
of the Darwin exploration well, expected for first quarter 2013, This will be the first exploration
well operated by Repsol in Norway, more specificaly in the Barents Sea

Under the PL'529 license, obtained by purchasing a 10% interest from the operator Eni in
Januaty 201 and located in deepwater southwest Barents Sea, a pilot well was drilled in August
2012 in preparation for the Banna exploration well, planned for third quarter 2013,

Under license PL-356 operated by DetNorske (60%) and in which Repsol has a 40% interest,
in third quarter 2012 the Ulvetanna exploratory survey was completed with negative results.
In January 2013 the Norwegian authorities awarded Repsol the PL 692 License in the Awards
in Predefined Areas (APA) bidding round. This area in the Norwegian Sea consists of blocks
6509/3, 6510/1 and 6510/2. Repsol will be the operating company with a 40% stake, in part-
nership with Edison (30%) and Skagen44 AS (30%)

Ireland

During 2012 we worked on the preparation of the first Dunquin exploration well of the FEL
3/04, license, where Repsol has a 25% interest. Exploratory drilling is scheduled for 2013.

In March 2012, the company Providence transferred the operation of exploration license LO
11), located in the Goban Spur Basin, to Repsol. This license was granted in 2011 in the
“atlantic Margin Round’ and stakes in the block are as follows: Repsol (40% and operator),
Providence (40%) and Sosina (20%).

Portugal

In September 2012 the asset swap agreement was formalized with the company Partex.
Through this agreement, Repsol exchanged its 10% interest in the Algarve blocks (Lagosta
and Lagostim), where it reduced its stake to 90%, for a 15% interest in the Peniche blacks
(Camarao, Mexilhao, Almeijoa and Ostra). These latter blacks include Petrobras (operator,
50%), Galp (30%), Repsol (159%) and Partex (596)

In the Lagosta and Lagostim blocks a total of 1,506 km? of 3D seismic data was acquired
for processing. In 2013 seismic interpretation will take place along with the identification
of prospects, with the initial objective of drilling an exploratory well in 2014.

Spain
After obtaining all the necessary official permits, in October 2012 the Lubina and Montanazo
fields, located in the Spanish Mediterranean, entered production. Both fields were discovered
by Repsol in 2009 and have been connected to the Casablanca platform for operation, Repsol
is the operator in both cases, with a stake of 72.44% in Montanazo and 100% in Lubina.

In 2012 Repsol continued its preparatory work for the future exploration wells in the Canary 1
tog blocks, including detailed processing of existing 3D seismic data for the study area, along
with the preparation of an implementation report and baseline study, in accordance with the
environmental impact study.

Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)

LNG activities include the liquefaction, transportation, marketing, and regasification ofliquefied
natural gas, in addition to electricity generation activities in Spain at the BBE plant (Bahia de
Bizkaia Electricidad) and natural gas marketing in North America

Following the Fukushima accident in March 2011 and the subsequent nuclear crisis, there has
been increased demand for LNG in the Pacific basin, This brought about a steady increase in
prices in the Far East, which second quarter 2012 reached figures of up to 17 and 18 dollars per
million Btu, and caused a significant de-coupling with European pricing points [NBP (National
Balancing Point) at around 9 dollars per million Btu], and even more so with the Henry Hub,
which remained unchanged at around 3 dollars per million Btu.

The market was also characterized by low fleet availability, coupled with high spot fleet prices
stemming from the longer travel times caused by the rerouting of large amounts of LNG
from the Atlantic basin to the Pacific on account of the price de-coupling and the slumping
demand throughout Europe.

In Spain, the most noteworthy event was the decline in gas consumption by 2.8% against the
previous year and the consequent decline in imports of LNG. The main factors affecting this
‘market were economic activity, weather conditions and competition from other energy sources.

26

BUSINESS AREAS

AAs for the power generation market, the arithmetic mean of the Spanish electrical pool was
€4.26 per MWh in 2012, representing a decrease of $% compared to 2011. The gross electricity
demand in the Iberian Peninsula during 2012 was 252.19 GWh, 1.2% less than the previous
year. Most of the technologies reported production declines compared to 201, including
hydroelectric which fell by 4%, or combined cycle with a 5% drop. Meanwhile coal plants
increased their production by 5% compared to 20n, Solar generation remained at similar
levels to 2011, representing 1% for solar photovoltaic and 3% for solar thermal. It should be
noted that in September 2012 the Spanish government launched a bill that includes a tax on
electricity production and the fuel consumed for generating it. This impact will be noticeable
as the year progresses, since the law only came into force in January.

Results

Operating income from Liquid Natural Gas (LNG) operations totaled €535 million in 2012, in
comparison to the €386 million at December 31, 2011, owing chiefly to greater LNG margins
over the year.

Assets and projects

2012 marked the second full year of operation of the Peru LNG liquefaction plant, located in
Pampa Melchorita, which went into production in June 2010, and where Repsol holds a 20%
interest with Hunt Oil (50%), SK Energy (209%) and Marubeni (10%). The Camisea consortium,
in which Repsol also has a 10% stake, supplies natural gas to the plant.

The facility, with a nominal capacity of 4.4 million tons per year, processes 17 million cubic
meters of gas per day. It boasts the two largest storage tanks in Peru (each with a capacity
of 130,000 cubic meters) and a sea terminal over one kilometer long to receive ships with
capacities ranging from go,000 to 173,000 cubic meters.

Additionally, the project envisages that Repsol will be the exclusive marketer ofthe liquefaction
plant's entire production. The gas purchase agreement entered into with Peru LNG will run
for 18 years from the start of commercial operations and is, in terms of volume, the largest
LNG acquisition ever made by Repsol.

In September 2007, Repsol was awarded a contract under an international tender organized
by the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) for the supply of LNG to the natural gas terminal
in the port of Manzanillo on Mexico's Pacific coast. The contract envisages the supply of over
67 bem of LNG to the Mexican plant over a fifteen-year period, The Manzanillo plant, which
will supply gas to the CFE power plants in mid-west Mexico, will receive gas from the Peru
LNG plant. Although start-up was scheduled for the second half of 201, it finally entered
into service in 2012.

The Peru LNG plant produced 5,2 bem (3.8 million tons/year) in 2012, in ine with 20n1 despite
a major scheduled maintenance shutdown.

In June 2009 the Canaport LNG regasification plant started producing, owned by Repsol
(759) and Irving Oil (2596). It is the first LNG regasification plant on the east coast of Canada.
Located in Saint John (New Brunswick) and with an initial send-out capacity of 10 bem/year
(: billion cubic feet per day), the Canaport terminal is one of the largest in North America
and supplies markets on the eastern coast of Canada and the north-eastern United States.
Repsol, the plant operator, supplies the LNG that fuels the terminal and is entitled to the
entire regasification capacity. The third tank, which started operations in April 2010, is able
to receive loads from the largest LNG carriers in the world.

Amulti-year LNG supply agreement was signed in 2010 with Qatargas for the Canaport LNG
plant. The LNG is supplied using Q-Flex and Q-Max carriers, the largest in the world with
capacities of 210,000 and 260,000 cubic meters, respectively, making Canaport LNG one
of the few plants worldwide capable of receiving these ships at its terminal. This agreement
bolsters Repsol's status as a reliable, diversified and flexible natural gas provider for the
Canadian and north-eastern American markets.

Noteworthy events for 2012 included the reduced availability of LNG and the increased activity
of natural gas trading, which doubled compared to 2011, and the start of a project to enable
the plant to adapt to gas market needs that will be completed in 2013. Growth in natural gas
marketing activities in North America is also expected to continue

Repsol is involved in the Trinidad and Tobago integrated LNG project, in which it holds an
interest alongside BP, BG and others in the Atlantic LNG liquefaction plant. The plant's stra
tegic geographic position allows it to competitively supply the Atlantic Basin markets (Europe,
United States and Caribbean) and, in the future, the Asian market through the expansion of
the Panama Canal, scheduled to open in 2014

217


--- Page 22 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

This plant has four liquefaction trains with a combined capacity of 15 million tons per year.
Repsol holds 20% stake in train 1, 259% in trains 2 and 3, and 22.22% in train 4. This last train
is one of the largest in the world, with a production capacity of 5 million tons/year. In addition
to its interests in the liquefaction trains, Repsol plays a leading role in the supply of gas and
is one of the main purchasers of LNG.

In Spain, Repsol holds a 25% interest in Bahia de Bizkaia Electricidad (BBE). This company
owns a combined cycle power plant with 800 MWe of installed capacity. Power generated
at the plant is fed to the grid for residential, commercial, and industrial consumption. This
facility, which is located in the port of Bilbao, recovered high availability levels in 2072 after
being affected by the repair and subsequent replacement of a turbine casing in 2011, despite
which it continued to sell surplus gas without harming the company financially.

In December 2007, Repsol and Gas Natural SDG signed a shareholders’ agreement
with Sonangol Gas Natural (Sonagas) with the aim of starting work on developing an
integrated gas project in Angola. This initiative involves the appraisal of gas reserves
to determine the investments that would be required for their development and export
in the form of liquefied natural gas. In accordance with the timetable, Repsol and Gas
Natural SDG, acting through the company Gas Natural West Africa (GNWA), have taken
part in the exploration activities currently being undertaken by Sonagas, the operator of
the consortium, in which GNWA holds a 20% interest, followed by Sonagas (40%), Eni
(20%), Galp (10%), and Exem (10%).

Moreover, drilling on the Garoupa-2 and Garoupa North wells was completed in 201
The wells are currently under appraisal and the ongoing work will eventually verify the
consortium's projected gas resources for the field. Currently, seismic-related work is
still continuing.

LNG transport and marketing

The Repsol-Gas Natural LNG (Stream) 50-50% joint venture is one of the leading LNG marketing
and transport companies in the world and one of the most important operators in the Atlantic
basin. One of this company's objectives is to optimize the management, in the short and
medium term, ofboth partners’ fleets, which include 15 gas tankers and a variety of other vessels.

In 2012, Repsol, with management support from Stream, marketed 10.2 bcm of LNG, down 79%
on the same figure for 2011. Most ofthe gas emanated from Peru LNG, which was started up
in June 2010, and from Trinidad and Tobago. The main destinations for the cargo were Spain,
the Asian market and Canaport LNG, with sales materializing in both the Atlantic (Europe
and America) and the Pacific basins.

In terms of gas ships, at year-end 2012 Repsol owned seven LNG carriers and a further two
jointly owned (50%) with Gas Natural Fenosa, all of them under time charter agreements and
with a total capacity of 1,248,630 cubic meters. Four of these methane tankers were added
during 2010, linked to the start-up of the Peru LNG project, one from Naviera Elcano and
three more from Knutsen OAS.

Additionally, Repsol has entered into short to medium term gas carrier leases, depending on
the market and fleet management conditions.

Investments

The LNG business area invested €35 million in 2012, compared to €18 million for 2011. This
amount was used mainly for maintenance and development projects.

Sale of LNG businesses

On February 26, 2013 Repsol signed an agreement with Shell for the sale of its LNG assets
and businesses (excluding the LNG businesses in North America and the Angola project).
This operation has no effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 2012, See
Note 38, "Subsequent Events" of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 2012.

Downstream
The Repsol Group Downstream business embraces the supply and trading of crude and other

products, oil refining, marketing of oil products and LPG, and the production and marketing
of chemicals.

28

BUSINESS AREAS

Results

Operating income 2012 201 VaRiation
Alions of euros 2012/2001
Europe 723 1,012 (29%)
Rest of the world 290 170 71%
Torat 1,013 1,182 (14%)

Operating income in the Downstream division amounted to €1,013 million, as opposed to
the €1,182 million in the previous year. 2012 was marked by the launch of the expansion of
the Cartagena and Bilbao refineries, allowing improvements in refining margins by increasing
and optimizing production. However, results have fallen over the previous year due to the
impact on inventories of evolving prices of crude oil and oil products, lower sales volumes
in commercial divisions as a result of the economic crisis and the fall in margins and sales
volumes in the chemical division owing to the worse international environment.

Refining

The Repsol Group owns and operates five refineries in Spain (Cartagena, A Coruna, Petronor,
Puertollano and Tarragona), with a combined distillation capacity of 896,000 barrels of oil
per day (including, in the case of the Tarragona refinery, the share in Asfaltos Espafioles S.A.)
Installed capacity at La Pampilla refinery (Peru), in which Repsol holds a 51.03% stake and is
the operator, is 102,000 barrels of oil per day.

Refining activity and context

The year was marked, asin previous years, by the effects ofthe international economiccrisis. Demand
for petroleum products declined in the OECD countries, affecting the refining business, especially
in Europe, where refining margins remained low. 2012 witnessed the closure of yet more refineries
and this restructuring within the sector is expected to continue over the coming years across both
Europe and the United States, with the closure of less advanced and less competitive refineries.
These closures wil allow offer to adjust to demand and will foreseeably allow margins to rally,
especially at refineries geared towards producing medium distillates and with capacity to process
heavy crude oll products. In any case, according to the findings of the International Energy Agency,
this increase in demand will largely materialize in emerging countries, headed by China and India.
The refining margin in Spain stood at s,3 dollars per barrel in 2012, slightly down on the same
figure for 2011 (1.6 dollars per barrel). In Peru, the annual refining margin came in at3,9 dollars
per barrel, in comparison to the 1.8 dollars per barrel seen in 2011

The following table shows the refining capacity of the plants in which Repsol had an interest
at December 31, 2012:

Conversion Lubricants
distillation index"

REFINING CAPACITY” (thousand barels 0%) (thousand tons
pe day) eer year

Spain

Cartagena 220 76 155

A Coruna 120 66 =

Puertollano 150 66 10

Tarragona 186 “4 =

Bilbao 220 a =

TOTAL REPSOL (SPAIN) 396 Gy 265

Peru

a Pampilla 102 m4 =

TOTAL REPSOL 998 39 265

Information submited in accordance with the Repsol Group's consolidation eter: all the refineries cited are integrated
eloballyin the Group's financial statements, The eported capacity in Tarragona includes the shareholding in ASESA.

© Defined as the ratio between the equivalent capacity coefficient of Fluid Catalytic Cracking (FCC) and primary
distillation capacity

29


--- Page 23 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT CORPORATE AREAS

In this context, the Repsol refineries managed by the Downstream division processed 37
million tons of crude oil, representing an increase of 17.4% compared to 2011, due in part
to increased capacity at the Cartagena refinery. The average use refining capacity was 74%
in Spain, higher than the 71% recorded in the preceding year. In Peru, refinery use was also SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
up on 2011, rising from 69% to 70% in 2012.

(1 PRODUCT SALES. 2012 2001

Thousands of tons

Sales in Europe 38,277 33,548
The table below provides 2 breakdown of refinery production, by main products -
(Own marketing 19,417 20,558
Light products 16,618 17,580
IODUETION 20. 20n Other products 2,799 2978
Thousands of tons Other sales 7331 6,400
Refinery intake“! Light products 6,567 434
Crude 36,960 31.483 Other products 564 1,586
Other refinery intake 8,213 9,083 Exports 1,79 6590
TOTAL 45,173 40,536 Light products 4,554 Vs
Refining production Other products 775 4,836
Intermediate distillates 21,863 17,835, Sales «rest of the world 4467 4257
Gasoline 7165 3,45 ‘Own marketing 3,999 7,862
Fuel ol 4ar4 6,287 Light products 1788 1579
PG 961 1056 Other products a 283
Asphalts © 970 1272 Other sales” 7583 1548
Lubricants 184 202 Light products 124 1,231
Other (except petrochemicals) 5,827 2,858 Other products 369 7
ToTAL 4444 37,695 Exports? a5 a
‘Information submitted in accordance with the Repsol Group's consoldation criteria: all the refineries cited are Light products 344 264
integrated globally in the Group's financial statements
\lneludes 50% of the Asaltos Espaaoles SA. (ASESA) asphalt production, in which Repsol and Cepsa own 50% Other products an 583
shares. Repsol markets 50% of ASESA's products TOTAL SALES 2,748 37,805

SALES BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL,

The following table shows the origin of the crude oil processed at the Group's refineries,

as well as sales of oil products. Own marketing 246 22,420
Light products 18,406 19,159

ORIGIN OF CRUDE OIL PROCESSED 2012 2011 Other products 3,010 3261
Middle East 1% 30% Other sales ana 7,948
Noah Afice 7 a Light products 7781 6.045
West Afica ee 3% Other products 933 1,908
Latin America 40% 26% Exports" 64 7437
Europe 209% 756 Light products 4.898 2.018
qoraL 700% 700 Other products 776 5419
TOTAL sates 42,746 37,805

1 Inclades sales to operators and bunker sales.
© Expressed from country of origin,

The last quarter of 2011 saw the commissioning of the expansion and improvement works at
the Cartagena (C10) and Bilbao (URF) refineries. During 2012 the operation was consolidated
with the new units and in the second half of the year refining margins were improved in line
with expectations.

Following successful completion of these projects, Repsol has met the objectives initially set
out in its investment strategy:

+ increasing the distillation and conversion capacity of the refining system so as to maximize
production of medium distillates given the current shortage, cutting down on fuel oil produc-
tion processing heavier crude oils.

220 221


--- Page 24 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

+ improving energy efficiency and safety while reducing environmental impact.

+ positioning Repsol's refining model as one of the best and most efficient
The C1o project has enabled the company to boost production capacity at the Cartagena
complex to 11 million tons (220,000 barrels per day). Now geared towards the production of
‘medium distillates -over sox and with capacity to process heavy crude oils with greater added
value, the upgraded refinery will help improve the balance of trade in Spain by reducing the
country's reliance on imports of automotive fuels. It is in fact the most ambitious industrial
project in Spain's history, one that has generated wealth during the construction stage (€3,100
million in approximate investment, involvement of over 20,000 people, average employment
of 3,000 workers over three years) and will continue to generate wealth once itis operational
(1,600 direct jobs and more than 8,000 indirect jobs). With the project now completed, the
Cartagena refinery has become a modem facility and one of the most efficient in Europe in
terms of energy and environment.
Thanks to the URF project, conversion capacity at the Bilbao refinery has increased signif-
icantly, with the plant now processing heavy crude oils and maximizing the production
medium distillates.
Both projects were completed with excellent safety ratios, on schedule and within the
approved budget.
Both projects form part of Repsol's drive to adapt its facilities to the production of clean
transport fuels, encouraging the use of biofuels (biodiesel) while improving energy efficiency,
security and the associated environmental respect.
In 2012, progress was made in the engineering and construction phases of a new produc-
tion plant for next-generation base lubricants, a joint facility with the Korean company SKL.
On November 27, the first stone of the plant was laid at a ceremony attended by local and
regional authorities, as well as the senior management of the company's two partners.
The plant, adjacent to the refinery in Cartagena, will involve an estimated investment of
€250 million and its launch is scheduled for 2014, The Tarragona and Cartagena refineries
will provide the raw materials for the plant.
The base oils produced are needed in the manufacture of lubricants for Euro IV/V engines,
and involve @ major reduction in emissions and consumption
At year-end 2012, as part of the Repsol Group's plan to integrate people with disabilities,
86 disabled people formed part of the workforce at its industrial complexes and offices
in Spain.

Marketing.

Repsol markets its range of products through an extensive network of service stations. In
addition, marketing activity includes other sales channels and the marketing of a wide range
of products, such as lube oils, bitumen, coke, and derivatives.

Total marketing sales closed at 21,416 million tons, representing a decrease of 4.596 over the
previous year. This drop was due to shrinking demand, which was particularly evident in
Spain. The declines in domestic consumption were offset by international growth and new
business opportunities.

In this regard, emphasis is placed on the opening of new product marketing lines abroad,
the maintenance of petrol and diesel market shares in Spain, and the improvement of the
position in Portugal

In this complex environment, the management of sales margins and credit risk enabled
positive results to be obtained both in the service stations channel and in direct sales to the
end consumer.

Atyear-end 2012, Repsol had a network of 4,549 service stations in countries where the Down-
stream division operates. In Spain, the network comprised 3,615 points of sale, 70% of which
had a strong concessionary link to the network while 30% were company operated. Service
stations in other countries were spread throughout Portugal (427), Italy (174) and Peru (333)
The Downstream business had the following points of sale (service stations and supply units)
as of December 31, 2012:

222

BUSINESS AREAS

Points of sale Controlled by Repsol "! Branded * Torat
Spain 2,522 1,093 3,615,
Portugal 264 163 a
Peru 16 27 333
Italy 53 wi m4
ToTAL 2,955 1,594 4,549

Owned oF controlled by Repsol under long-term commercial agreements or ather types of contractual relations that
censure direct long,term control over these points of sale

Branded” refers to service stations owned by third-party dealers with whom Repsol has entered into a new branding
agreement entiling Repsol to (I) be the sole supplier ofthese service stations and (ll) to use its brand at the service
Station, In the EU, the maximurn term ofthese agreement is five yeas.

In Spain, Repsol markets its fuels under the Repsol, Campsa, and Petronor brands, with the
following distribution as of December 31, 2012

Brand Point of sale
Campsa 161
Repsol 3,128
Petronor 301
Other 25
TOTAL 3,615

The company maintains its partnerships policy with market leaders such as El Corte Inglés,
with a joint promotional campaign to offer discount vouchers for purchases of a certain value,
both in Repsol service stations and its own chain of stores. Repsol has also strengthened its
strategic alliance with Burger King and has advanced its implementation of the Auto King
outlets in its service station network in Spain.

‘As a company committed to technological innovation, Repsol, along with La Caixa has
supported the implementation of a faster contactless payment system that is the quickest
on the market, allowing customers to pay remotely and very useful in busy outlets such as
service stations. Repsol is the first Ibex 35 company to use this technology. Furthermore, in
2012 the "Repsol Mas" loyalty card also launched, applying instant discounts on transactions
at service stations,

Repsol became the leading European producer and marketer of green coke, acquiring new
relevance in this business and tripling sales volumes despite the difficult market situation. At
present the Group is involved in a process of international expansion, mainly in the Mediter-
ranean and North Africa

In line with this idea of growth and consolidation, Servicios Logisticos de Combustibles
de Aviacién (SLCA), in which Repsol holds a 50% interest, has started in-plane refueling
operations in Spain's two main airports: Madrid-Barajas and Barcelona-El Prat. As a result
SLCA has became the second largest operator in Spain by number of airports and business
volume. In the current econamic environment, it is noteworthy that 100 new staff were
recruited in this area

Following the strategic policy of the company to consolidate its market position in Portugal,
the Boa Nova and Sines logistics projects have been launched, enabling Repsol to achieve @
better supply foothold in the county.

Confirming the growth and consolidation strategy, over 60% of specialized sales are made
in the international market, operating in over 100 countries and with 40 international
distributors of lubricants. Highlights include the signing of an agreement to manufacture
lubricants for Russia and the start of construction of the third-generation base lubricant
plant in Cartagena,

True to its social commitments, in 2012 Repsol consolidated the employment and integration
of people with disabilities and advanced in its commitment to sustainability, respect for the
environment and safety of people by renewing the Repsol Bio Telex 46 lubricant line, which
received the European Eco-label distinction. The company also developed other environmen-
tally friendly products at the Repsol Technology Center, including as Bio Repsol Telex 68 oil
and green asphalts.

223


--- Page 25 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Additionally, the Executive division of Marketing Europe received the Eventoplus Silver Award
in the category of Best Convention 2011 for its innovative staging, replacing printed materials
by projections on a stage built from reusable materials.

Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG)

Repsol is one of the leading retail distributors of LPG in the world, ranking first in Spain and
Peru, and maintaining top positions in Portugal and Ecuador. In 2012, the company operated
in seven different European and Latin American countries.

LPG sales in 2012 totaled 2,537 thousands of tons. Meanwhile, total sales in Spain slumped by
6% year on year, primarily due to lower retail sales of bottled lines and lower LPG consumption
in the petrochemical sector, Repsol distributes bottled, bulk, and piped LPG in Spain through
the collective distribution and Autogas networks, with over § million active customers. Bottled
LPG sales accounted for 62% of total retail LPG sales in Spain in 2012, through a network of
225 distribution agencies.

Sales volume of LPG 2012 200
Thousands of tons
Europe 144 1486
Spain a 1,325
Rest of Europe! 43 161
Latin America 1123 1212
Peru 622 625
Ecuador 374 375
Chile m2 194
Rest of Latin America 1s B
TOTAL 2,537 2,698
Bottled 1,367 1497
Bulk, piped and other 1170 1,201
TOTAL 2,537 2,698

Portugal in 2012 and Portugal and France in 20n.
| Colombia in 2012 and Brazil in 20.
| Includes sales to the automotive market, LPG operators and others.

In Spain, prices continue to be regulated for piped LPG and bottles between 8 and 2okg,
excluding bottled mixtures for using LPG as fuel. The pricing system ordered for bottled gas
by the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Tourism in September 2009 (ITC 2608/2009) has
significantly impacted on the retail margins of this product in the first nine months of the year.
According to this model, 259 of the price to be applied in a quarter is pegged to the interna-
tional prices in the preceding quarter with a time difference of one month and the remaining
75% depends on the maximum price prevailing in the concluding quarter

On June 19, the Supreme Court issued a ruling (published in BOE [Official Gazette] of July
20), partially upholding the appeal filed by the LPG Operators Association (AOGLP), and
‘most significantly, declaring the nullity of Order ITC 2608/2009, in force on that date, on
the updating of regulated bottled LPG prices, The prices for fourth quarter 2012 published
by the Ministry of Industry were calculated according to the previous Ministerial Order ITC
1858/2008.

In the BOE of December 31, 2012, Royal Decree-Law 29/2012 of December 28, was published
on improving management and social protection in the Special Scheme for Domestic
Workers and other economic and social measures,

The aforementioned Royal Decree-Law provides that from January 1, 2013, the maximum
sales price, before tax, of bottled liquefied petroleum gas, as defined in section two of Order
ITC/1858/2008 of June 26, will be the price defined in the Resolution of September 24, 2012,
issued by the Directorate General for Energy Policy and Mines, publishing the new maximum
sale prices, before tax, of bottled liquefied petroleum gases, in bottles with a capacity equal
to or greater than 8 kilograms, but less than 20 kilograms, excluding bottled mixtures for
using liquefied petroleum gas as fuel, until the next review scheduled for March 1, 2013,
pursuant to the first final provision of that Order.

224

BUSINESS AREAS

In Portugal, Repsol distributes bottled, piped and bulk LPG and Autogas to end customers
while also supplying other operators. Sales in 2012 reached 143,000 tons, making the
company the third largest operator with a 21% market share. In 2012 it launched the product

"Conta Gas 12" with the aim of providing a new service to customers at a time of economic
crisis. This is a pioneering LPG product in Portugal that allows a segment of bulk customers
to pay their bills in monthly instalments.

In Latin America, Repsol sells bottled, bulk, piped and automotive LPG in the home, commer-
cial and industrial markets with sales of 1,123 thousands of tons.

AutoGas (LPG vehicles) is the most widely used alternative fuel in the world, with over 21
million vehicles (eight million in Europe). Although it has yet to make any meaningful impact
on the Spanish market, sales grew by 22% in 2012, indicating increased demand for this
economic fuel that also helps to improve air quality within cities. The industry expects that
roughly 200,000 vehicles will be running on Autogas in Spain in five years' time.

Repsol, fully aware of the growing interest in this alternative fuel, had 375 points of sale
equipped with AutoGas pumps at year-end 2012, of which over 160 are in Spain, Additionally
there are already 280 supply points at customer sites

In Peru, in July 2012 the Ministry of Energy and Mines introduced the Energy Social Inclu-
sion Fund (FISE) which, among other measures, established the distribution of discount
vouchers worth 16 soles per 1okg bottle of LPG, allowing the more impoverished sectors
of society to access and consume LPG, thus substituting other sources such as kerosene
and firewood. The voucher program began with a pilot scheme in the province of La
Convention (Cusco).

In 2012, GLP Peru, with the support of Fundacién Repsol, handed out around 9,000 cookers
to homes Piura and plans to deliver another 7,500 to households in Cajamarca, as part of
the NINA project to replace domestic consumption of kerosene and firewood with LPG,
introduced by the Peruvian Ministry of Energy and Mines in 2009,

In order to improve living conditions in emergency situations, lke those arising in the after-
math of earthquakes and floods, Repsol has put together emergency aid kits, Fundacién
Repsol has donated 1,000 kits to the Spanish Military Emergency Unit (UME) for distribution
to the affected population when required in situations of emergency necessity

Chemicals

The chemical division produces and markets a wide variety of products, ranging from basic
petrochemicals to derivatives. Its products are marketed in over 90 countries, leading the
market on the Iberian peninsula

Production is concentrated at three petrochemical complexes located in Puertollano, Tarra-
gona (Spain) and Sines (Portugal), where there is a high level of integration between basic
and derivative chemicals, as well as with refining activities, in the case of the Spanish facilities.
Repsol also has a number of subsidiary and affiliate companies, through which the company
produces styrene derivatives, chemical specialties and synthetic rubber at special plants, The
latter is produced through Dynasol, a 50% partnership with the Mexican KUO Group, with
plants in Mexico and Spain and another one under construction in China with local partner
Shanxi Northern Xing’an Chemical Industry.

Weak demand, the high level of uncertainty about the growth ofthe economy and the inability
to adapt prices to the rising raw materials costs conditioned the income for the year. However,
the consolidation of strong cost-cutting measures and production adjustments at the plants,
along with the optimization of integrated margins helped to minimize losses in 2012.

Sales to third parties amounted to 2,309 million tons, down from 2,659 million tons in 200

The main efforts in 2012 focused on the improvement and optimization of existing assets,
driving efficiency, reducing costs and improving quality, safety and environmental compatibility
standards. Emphasis was also placed on diversifying the investment portfolio. In this regard,
at the Puertollano Complex, after the conversion of an existing unit in 2012, a new unit for the
production of EVA polymers was commissioned, leading to an increase in capacity of 15,000
tons of differentiated products

225


--- Page 26 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

OPERATING FIGURES, CHEMICALS 2012 200 VARIATION
2012/2011

Thousands of tons

Capacity

Basic petrochemicals 2,808 2,808 0%

Derivative petrochemicals, 2,942 2,933 0.39%

TOTAL 5,750 5,741 0.2%

Sales by type of product

Basic petrochemicals 7 389 (18%)

Derivative petrochemicals, 1977 i) (1%)

TOTAL 2,308 2,659 (139%)

Sales by region

Europe 1,997 23 (1436)

Rest of the world am 348 (1%),

TOTAL 2,308 2,659 (139%)

The following table details the production capacity for the main petrochemical products, mainly
in Europe, as of December 31, 2012:

PRODUCTION CAPACITY

Thousands of tons

Basic petrochemicals 2,808
Ethylene 1,362
Propylene 904
Butadiene 202
Benzene 290
Ethyl tert-butyl ether 50
Petrochemical derivatives 2,942
Polyolefins

Polyethylene") 883
Polypropylene 520
Intermediate products

Propylene oxide, polyols, glycols, and styrene monomer 1189
Acryloritrile/Methyl methacrylate 166
Rubber ms
Other 69

‘Includes ethylene vinyl acetate (EVA) and ethylene butyl acrylate (EBA) copolymers.
| Includes 55,000 tons of production capacity in Mexico.
Includes styrene derivatives and specialties,

New Energies

The New Energies business unit was created by the Repsol Group in 2010 to promote and
provide business sense to the new initiatives that contribute to a vision of the future where
energies are more diversified and produce fewer carbon dioxide emissions.

The aim of this new business unit is to identify new opportunities, promote projects and carry
out initiatives in fields such as bioenergy and renewable energies applied to transport and
other areas that could share synergies with Repsol’s current businesses and the geographic
regions in which it operates

In 2012 New Energies continued to develop a number of projects initiated from the outset
consisting in bioenergy development, microalgae research and wind farm promotion projects.

226

BUSINESS AREAS

In 2012 Repsol continued to develop the electric mobility business through IBILand IBILEK. In
this sense, IBIL extended the scope ofits activity throughout Spain with the opening of seven
sales offices. In addition, a control center was launched for the monitoring and comprehen-
sive management of the infrastructure and business, the first of this kind in Spain. IBIL has
already more than 300 recharging stations operating in both the public and private sectors.
Development has begun along these lines on fast recharging infrastructure at the service
stations of the Repsol Group. Meanwhile, IBILEK offers electric mobility services through the
public rental electric cars per hour (operating in the three Basque provinces) and corporate
(among the three branches of Repsol in Madrid}.

In 2011, Repsol acquired 100% of Sea Energy Renewables, later renamed Repsol Nuevas
Energias U.K.,@ British company based in Scotland engaged in the promotion and development
of offshore wind farms. With the deal, Repsol acquired development rights at three offshore
wind farms off the Scottish coast.

Within the context of this same deal, Repsol reached an agreement with EDP Renovaveis for
the joint development of two of these wind farms, namely the 1,500-MW Moray Firth wind
farm and the 905-MW Inch Cape facility. Following the operation, Repsol owns 33% and 51%
interests in these facilities, respectively. The company also holds a 259 stake in the Beatrice
wind farm with Scottish and Southern Renewables owning the remaining 75%. Thanks to the
new deal, Repsol now holds rights to develop, construct and operate 1,190 MW of installed
capacity in the United Kingdom,

During 2012 Repsol executed the investment plan for these three projects according to schedule
and incorporated the capacities needed to ensure their development, The main milestones
included the applications submitted for the development of both the Beatrice and the Moray
Firth offshore wind farms (in April and August, respectively). Additionally, work continues on
filing the application for Inch Cape in the first half of 2013.

During the project development stage, to be completed between 2014 and 2015, the necessary
studies will be conducted and steps taken to acquire the construction and operating permits
for the facilities, with commissioning expected to take place between 2015 and 2020. These
projects will alow Repsol to apply its considerable technological expertise in offshore opera-
tions, coupled with its experience in large-scale engineering projects.

In addition to managing the investments made in 2010 and 20n, the New Energies division
hhas made the following investments in 2012, all them through Repsol New Energy Ventures,
S.A,, a 100% subsidiary of the Repsol Group.

In June 2012, Repsol acquired 31% of the Portuguese company Windplus dedicated to the
development and demonstration of Windfloat technology based on semi-submersible floating
platforms for the installation of offshore wind farms. Windplus already has a full-scale prototype
in operation off Portugal's northern coast.

In July 2012 Repsol bought 50% of the company NEOL Biosolutions, an offshoot of Neuron
Biopharma's bioindustrial division. The mission of NEOL, based in Granada, is the selec-
tion and improvement of microorganisms, together with the development and patenting of
second-generation biofuel production processes.

In October 2012 Repsol New Energy Ventures and Innvierte Economia Sostenible signed an
investment commitment for €21 million to make joint investments over the next five years in
small and medium-sized Spanish companies that develop innovative technology initiatives in
the sectors of bioenergy, renewable generation, electric mobility, energy storage and energy
efficiency.

These investments, channeled through Repsol New Energy Ventures in companies with a
distinct technological profile, aim to participate in and encourage the development of innovative
technologies related to the lines of business of the New Energies division

In addition, on January 16, 2013, Repsol New Energy Ventures, S.A. acquired 18% of the Dutch
company Tocardo, BV, dedicated to developing power generation technology in rivers and
ocean currents

Investments

Operating investments in the Downstream division totaled €666 million compared with the
€1,704 million last year, which is a 61% decrease, corresponding chiefly to the completion
of major refining projects. Most of this amount will be used for operating improvements at
facilities and to fuel quality, in addition to safety and the respect of the environment.

227


--- Page 27 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Divestments

In 2012, Repsol reached an agreement with a consortium of Chilean investors, led by Larrain-
Vial, for the sale of 100% of ts subsidiary Repsol Butano Chile for approximately $540 million
Repsol Butano Chile had a 459% share of Lipigas, a company with a presence in the Chilean
and Colombian LPG markets, in addition to other financial assets.

The sale of these subsidiaries is a further step for Repsol in the implementation of its
Strategic Plan, which contemplated the selective divestment of non-strategic Downstream
assets.

Gas Natural Fenosa

Results

Repsol's 30% stake in Gas Natural Fenosa generated an operating income of €920 million
in 2012, up from €887 million in 2011, despite a lower contribution of capital gains from the
sale of assets over the previous year.

This positive trend is mainly explained by diversification efforts and the increasing contri-
bution of international activities and the balance provided by the business profile of Gas
Natural Fenosa which offset the effect on income from divestments carried out in 2011 and
the stagnation of results in the regulated electricity business in Spain owing to the impact of
Royal Decree-Law 13/2012.

The main operating highlights for the business are described below. In the interests of clarity,
the figures shown below are those generated by Gas Natural Fenosa, even though the Group's
holding in the company is 30%.

Gas distribution
Spi
Business in Spain includes the compensated gas distribution activity, the ATR (third-party
network access services) and secondary transport, as well as non-compensated distribution
activities (rental of gas meters, connections to customers, etc.)

Within the framework ofthe action plan approved by the Spanish National Antitrust Commis-
sion (CNC) in relation to the Unién Fenosa acquisition process, on June 30, 2011 the sale was
concluded of 304,456 natural gas supply points, representing consumption of 1.439 GWh in
the Autonomous Community of Madrid that were acquired by Madrilena Red de Gas Group.
Sales from regulated gas business in Spain amounted to 195,769 GWh in 2012, down 2.7%
on the same figure for 2011

Gas Natural Fenosa has continued to expand its distribution network and number of supply
points, although it should be noted that the figures provided have been offset by the divest-
‘ments made in 2011. Reduced activity in the new construction market continues to condition
the increase of supply points, partially offset by a greater number of connections in the
domestic property market.

At year end, the gas distribution network spanned 46,541 kilometers, an increase of 6.1%
year-on-year, and the number of supply points came in at 5,124,000, 1.58 higher than 2011

Latin America

This covers gas distribution activity in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Mexico. In 2012, the number
of gas distribution supply points reached 6,090,470 customers. Year-on-year growth rates remain
high, showing an increase of 207,565 supply points, with Colombia turning in a particularly solid
performance, where new supply points amounted to 111,59.

Sales from gas activity in Latin America, (gas and third-party network access services), totaled 210,358
GWh, a 10.1% increase compared with last year’s figure

The gas distribution network has been extended by a further 1,503klometers overthe last12 months,
reaching 67,334 kilometers at year-end 2012, representing growth of 2.3%

Italy
Business in Italy includes rate-regulated gas activities and sales.

Gas Natural Fenosa reached a total of 448,967 supply points in the gas distribution business
in Italy, up 2.0% on the same figure for financial year 2011

228

BUSINESS AREAS

The gas distribution activity stood at 3,647 GWh, marking an increase of 1.9% compared to
20n, primarily due to favorable weather conditions. The distribution network was extended
by 149 kilometers to reach 6,885 kilometers at the close of the year.

Power distribution

Spain

This business includes regulated power distribution activity and customer network services,
mainly connection and link-up rights, metering, and other services associated with third-party
access to the company's distribution network. Electricity supply points experienced mild growth
of 0.63% in 2012 to reach 3,772,495.

In 2012, power effectively supplied remained at similar levels as 2011, reaching 33,763 GWh,
despite the fact that overall electricity demand has dropped by 1.7%, in line with the nation-
wide trend

Latin America

Business here encompasses regulated power distribution in Colombia, Nicaragua and Panama.
Following its divestment, as of June 1, 201 the electricity distribution business in Guatemala
is no longer consolidated in the results

Sales by the power distribution business in Latin America represented 18,074 GWh, marking
an increase of 2.1%, despite the inclusion in the previous year of sales from distributors in
Guatemala. The number of supply points showed an increase of 3.8%, reaching 3,700,934
Moldova

Business in Moldova involves regulated power distribution and marketing at a tariff in the
capital and metropolitan area and in the country's central and southern regions. Gas Natural
Fenosa distribution in Moldova accounts for 70% of the country’s total

The energy delivered climbed by 3.3% while the supply points, which totaled 836,000, also
experienced year-on-year growth. Sales from the electricity distribution business stood at
2,525 GWh.

The management streamlining plan being developed in Moldova is enabling the planned
objectives to be met and improving basic operating figures.

Electricity

Spain

The electricity business in Spain includes power generation activities, the wholesale and
retail marketing of electricity in the deregulated Spanish market, the supply of electricity
at the tariff of last resort and electricity trading in wholesale markets.

In 2012, the national electricity demand stood at 251,749 GWh which represents an annual
decrease of 1.4% over the previous year. After correcting this percentage to factor in the
effects of the number of working days and temperatures, the actual drop in demand was
1.8% during the year.

Gas Natural Fenosa power generation throughout the Iberian Peninsula amounted to 37,144
GWh in 2012. Of this amount, 34.425 GWh came from ordinary system generation, and
2,719 GWh from special system generation. This represents a year-on-year slump of 2.59%
as a whole, broken down as 3.6% under the ordinary system chiefly due to divestments
and reduced hydroelectric output and 14.2% under the special system. Gas Natural Feno-
sa's accumulated share in ordinary system generation at December 31, 2012 was 20.7%,
equaling the previous year.

Hydroelectric production in totaled 1,665 GWh, marking a year-on-year drop of 42.4%
due to a very dry year from a hydrological standpoint. The generation of electricity using
combined cycle sources in 2012 reached 20,602 GWh, 14.0% lower than the previous
year, a figure affected by divestments in combined cycles. Nuclear production increased
slightly compared with 20n1. The upshot for Gas Natural Fenosa of the enactment of the
Royal Decree on the Guarantee of Supply is that the national coal-fired plants affected by
the new law are operating non-stop with production levels of 7,724 GWh, in comparison
to the 4,464 GWh generated in 201.

Sales from the electricity marketing business came in at 35,910 GWh.

Latin America

This section relates to power generation assets in Mexico, Puerto Rico, Panama and the
Dominican Republic.

229


--- Page 28 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Power generated in Latin America stood at 18,188 GWh in 2012, higher than the previous year,
mainly in Mexico and Puerto Rico.

Kenya

This section includes power generation in the African country. In 2012, Kenya's fuel-based
power generation reached 646 GWh, down 15.8% from 2011 owing to lower demand for
thermal power in the country as the result of higher rainfall during the year and, consequently,
the rise in reservoir levels.

Infrastructure

This business includes the development of integrated liquefied natural gas projects; oil and gas
exploration, development, production and storage; sea transport management and operation
of the Maghreb-Europe gas pipeline

Gas transportation activity carried out in Morocco through the companies EMPL and Metragaz
represented a total volume of 116,347 GWh, up 4.0% on the previous year. Of this figure, 79,475
GWh were transported to Gas Natural Fenosa through the company Sagane, while 36,872
GWh were earmarked for Portugal and Morocco, representing growth of 17.9%

In relation to exploration and production activities, the Villaviciosa exploration license will
be abandoned, geological and geophysical surveys have been performed in the Bages area
(Barcelona) and progress continues with processing applications for five projects in the
Guadalquivir Valley area.

Supply and marketing

This business area is engaged in the supply and marketing of gas (wholesale and retail) both
in Spain and abroad, and of other products and services related to retail marketing and also
marketing of the gas tariff of last resort in Spain.

Gas Natural Fenosa's supply and marketing in the Spanish gas market reached 238,451 GWh,
representing an increase of 0.7% over the previous year, chiefly due to increased sales to end
customers which increased by 5.39, while the supply to third parties in the Spanish market
fell by 11.0%.

Supplies to the international market climbed noticeably to reach 89,607 GWh, marking an
increase of 24.9%.

Unién Fenosa Gas
This business embraces the gas supply and marketing activities carried out by Unién Fenosa
Gas, including the liquefaction infrastructure in Damietta (Egypt), regasification infrastructure
in Sagunto (Spain) and management of the shipping fleet.

Gas supplied to the Spanish market reached 55,683 GWh, representing a year-on-year drop of
2.2%, In addition, 28,200 GWh of energy was handled through international sales transactions
in various markets.

Investments

Repsol's operating investments over the year in relation to its stake in Gas Natural Fenosa
amounted to €432 million, in comparison to the €582 million reported in 2011 due primarily to
decreased investment in the Spanish regulated market, but partly offset by increased investment,
mostly in Latin America, channeled chiefly in Mexico, Brazil and Colombia

230

CORPORATE AREAS

Corporate areas

People management

Atyear-end 2012, Repsol had a consolidated workforce of 26,985 people representing over 80,
different nationalities. Of this figure, a total of 23,995 employees were working at companies
under the direct control of Repsol. All the information presented in this section refers to these
employees. The company’s employees work in more than 30 countries, chiefly in Spain (7156)
and Peru (13%) but also in countries such as Portugal (5%) and Ecuador (4%). Of the total
number of employees, 76% work in the Downstream division, 13% in Upstream and LNG, and
1196 in corporate departments.

The breakdown of the workforce is 196 executive personnel, 8% technical managers, 49%
technicians, 5% administrative staff and 38% operators. Permanent work contracts account
for g1% of the total, while women represent 32% of the total workforce

During financial year 2012 a new organizational structure was approved that has led to changes
both at senior levels and the other organizational levels of the company's different departments.
These changes reinforce the current model, favoring the development of internal talent and
providing new career opportunities to Repsol's professionals. These changes notably included
the hiring of 33 people to the management team 2012 and the announcement of numerous
reshuffies in different businesses and corporate areas

Diversity and balance

Diversity and Balance Committee has continued to promote the programs initiated in previous
years: telecommuting, recruiting people with disabilities, working hours, efficient time manage-
ment and cultural diversity.

Throughout 2012 the telecommuting program was extended to industrial complexes and sales
offices throughout Spain and a telecommuting pilot project was launched in Peru involving
26 employees and in Ecuador with 10 employees.

At year end, more than 1,000 people worldwide had signed up to the scheme, representing
an annual increase of 4s and demonstrating positive progress towards a corporate culture
based on commitment, efficiency and reaching targets.

In 2012 the White Paper on Teleworking was presented and published, summarizing Repsol's
experience as a pioneer in the industrial field

Also noteworthy were the company's advances in providing flexible work hours forall Repsol's
workers, adapting to the customs of each country as well as its commitment to provide
minimum paid leave conditions throughout the world (maternity, paternity or breastfeeding
leave, leave following the death of a family member and marriage leave), improving the stat-
utory leave in most countries where Repsol is present.

In the case of Spain, the measures related to the flexible working hours implemented at
the headquarters in Madrid following the VI Framework Agreement were well received by
employees, namely:

+ Two-hour flexible start time (between 7:30 and 9:30) in winter.

+ Minimum lunch break time reduced to 45 minutes.

+ Monthly totals of working time, allowing employees to distribute the working day according
to their personal needs.

+ The continuous shift on Fridays remained unchanged throughout the year, with the possibilty
of moving this afternoon off to another day in the week, with the prior approval of supervisors.
AAs for progress and new measures towards worklife balance

+ Special leave was introduced for employees to care for their children who are minors and who
are suffering from serious illness requiring long-term hospitalization,

+ The company renewed the choice of free healthcare sessions/services that employees can
benefit from at home in case of illness or illness of a family member. These services cover
specialized personnel including psychologist, nurse, physical therapist, tutors for convales-
cent children, home help, daily help for senior citizens, and other services such as delivery of
medicines or telephone help for dependent children or elderly relatives.

231


--- Page 29 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

+ Under the name of "Tu Banco de Tiempo" employees at the head office have a series of time-
saving services that allow them to arrange tasks not related to work, such as processing official
applications, dry cleaning and home repairs without leaving the workplace. These measures
represent a means of saving of time and effort and are very popular among employees.

The Program for Efficient Time Management is aimed at fostering a more flexible and efficient
use of time, based on factors such as planning and prioritizing work tasks, and the use of new
technological tools that streamline work processes and encourage communication.

After the training and awareness efforts in previous years regarding the efficient use of e-mail,
in 2012 an interactive tutorial was developed for the efficient management of meetings that
was forwarded to employees via the various internal communication channels.

In 2012 the company reached the figure of 547 people with disabilities directly recruited
worldwide (437 in Spain, 17 in Portugal, 39 in Peru, 38 in Ecuador, 10 in Venezuela and 6 in
Brazil) with an additional 170 people hired under other systems in Spain. These employees
are integrated into all areas of the organization and 22% of them work in qualified technical
positions. In 2012, significant efforts were made to encourage the hiring of disabled employees
in the industrial area and awareness-raising campaigns have continued

In terms of cultural diversity, in 2012 a study was performed to understand the perceptions of
employees and identify potential cultural barriers and success stories, and define a manage-
‘ment model that capitalizes on the cultural richness of Repsol as a competitive advantage.

The study included a total of 4,916 employees worldwide, through an online survey, supple-
‘mented with 27 focus Groups and 39 personal interviews.

Employee lectures were also scheduled to raise awareness about the cultural character of
countries in which the company is strengthening its presence, such as China, South Korea,
Brazil, Angola, Algeria and Russia. Various workshops were also organized on ‘management
skills in multicultural environments’ and other specific Group coaching activities for staff who
perform their duties in particularly multicultural environments

Allthe diversity and worklife balance programs are geared towards staff with the commitment
to providing a flexible and attractive working environment, and understanding that diversity is
a differential element that provides greater innovation and competitiveness to the organization,
hence its management and promation is one of the company's top priorities.

Repsol has partnerships and agreements in place with different organizations which advise
the company in a number of areas. In Spain, these include the Framework Cooperation Agree-
‘ment bebween Repsol, ONCE and their respective foundations, with action geared towards
developing and enhancing the social integration of people with disabilities

In 2012 a cooperation agreement was signed with the Fundacion Inteligencia y Sociedad
(Intelligence and Society Foundation) in order to facilitate the incorporation into the
company of people with social integration difficulties stemming from their high IQ levels.
In July 2012 the company also joined an initiative to raise awareness against gender violence
launched by the Spanish Ministry of Health, Social Services and Equality. This agreement
is part of the initiative "Companies towards a society free of gender violence" and seeks
to spotlight the scourge of gender violence in our society by stressing the importance of
raising awareness and continuing to provide employment opportunities for victims of
such violence

In the area of gender equality, Repsol, S.A. continues to be one of the companies recognized
with the Corporate Equality Label, promoted by the Spanish Government. This distinction is
awarded to companies whose equal treatment and opportunities policies for workers deserve
special recognition

Also in 2012 a collaboration agreement was signed with the Fundacion Activos de Gran Expe-
riencia (AGE) (Highly Experienced Assets Foundation), in order to improve age management
policies in the organization

A diversity management study was recently performed in to analyses all its aspects in the
company (gender, culture, generation, people with disabilities, etc.). The analysis collects
and contrasts a large number of variables related to experience, talent, training, compensa-
tion and employment status, among others, and its ultimate goal is to ensure compliance
with the Repsol's respect policies, encouraging diversity and equal opportunities for all
people. The report shows the company is advancing in the right direction and indicates
some possible points of analysis, such as the professional development of assets with
greater experience.

232

CORPORATE AREAS

The company's different diversity and work-life balance programs have been externally recog-
nized with prestigious awards, including:

The Reina Sofia Prize 2012 for the Professional Integration of People with Disabilities convened
by the Royal Trust for People with Disabilities, in recognition of the continued work on the
implementation of deliberate and calculated policies for the professional integration of people
with disabilities in the workforce. The jury noted the advanced level of development of practices
devoted to promoting accessibility in the company's physical and virtual environments, the
recruitment of people with a high degree of disability and the social work carried out by the
Repsol Foundation.

The “Empresa Inteligente” (Intelligent Enterprise) certificate for Repsol's commitment to hire
exceptionally talented young people.

The Spanish Confederation of People with Physical and Organic Disabilities (COCEMFE) has
awarded Fundacién Repsol the COCEMFE 2012 Award in the category of Best company for
improving the quality of life of people with disabilities

Repsol has been awarded “El Diamante de la Compra” ("The Purchasing Diamond’) prize in
the category of "Special employment centers as a source of supply", awarded by the Spanish
Association of Purchasing, Procurement and Supply (AERCE).

The Repsol Foundation has been awarded the Bobath Foundation prize in the private entity
category for its project "Young People Affected by paralysis and brain damage. Intermediate
Vocational Training ", in recognition ofits work towards the social and professional integration
of this collective, as reported by the institution.

Climate Survey

After the completion in 2017 of the third Climate Survey among all of Repsol's permanent
employees, in 2012 the workshops that began in fourth quarter 2011 to identify the causes of
the issues raised were concluded.

In total there were about 350 workshops, 150 employee presentations, 89 presentations to
management committees and total of 23 key personnel management factors were identified.
Throughout 2012 various action plans were defined in the main management areas of the
company. These plans considered the work performed to identify the causes of the previously
defined issues with cross-company lines of action

Monitoring tasks also began to follow these actions in several areas and divisions.

Cultural change

‘One of the highlights of 2012 was the identification and description of the company's values.
At the origin of the cultural values, the essential core of daily work, two attitudes prevail in
the Repsol culture: respect and a sense of foresight.

Both concepts are defined below:

Respect: "Each of the members of the Repsol Team must care for people, society and the
planet, building trusting relationships, starting with the corporate environment. Everyone
must be open ideas, beliefs or practices that are different from their own, thus achieving the
best results. "

Sense of foresight: "At Repsol we act with a comprehensive and forward-looking vision, aware
that only thus will the company be able to progress, create value and overcome the challenges
raised by this vision."

Meanwhile, Repsol's corporate values are identified as: flexibility, transparency, innovation,
integrity and accountability

In 2012 innovation became considered a corporate value with the following statement: "at
Repsol we believe that the key to our competitiveness and evolution lies in our ability to generate
ideas and implement them in an environment of collective collaboration and learning." The
development of this value will allow the Repsol Group to achieve new heights of performance.
The process of cultural change deployed by the Repsol Group implies an evolution in working
methods and people management, which, in the case of innovation and continuous improve-
ment, require collective intelligence, cross-cooperation and generosity. This common cultural
foundation enables us to deploy changes through two main strategies: one based on continuous
improvement activities and the second, on innovation drives. At the core of this strategy are
multidisciplinary teams, who, on the basis of strategic business priorities, bring into play new
patterns of conduct where continuous learning, based on sharing successes and failures, is
one of the key elements of this new attitude

233


--- Page 30 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Both these approaches and the values were approved by Repsol's Executive Committee and
subsequently published.

Campus is one of the projects that has made Repsol's values tangible. The new headquarters
is a spatial and architectural opportunity, and also an opportunity to work in a different way,
highlighting what Repsol means as a company. In fact, the architectural space has made
initiatives possible that revolve around people, such as flexible hours, the paperless office
or the introduction of advanced telecommuting posts, all which contribute to a new work
organization policy. From the standpoint of tools and systems, the workplace has evolved
according to the latest technological advances in hardware and software, and a modern
ization process is also taking place with administrative self-management; environments
such as expense and time management and job modifications are now a reality. In addition,
Campus is designed from the perspective of enabling technology to lend support to the
organization, Accordingly, these values are reflected in the flexibility of the spaces; in the way
things are done; in responsibility towards the environment, creating a sustainable building;
in the integration that considers the needs of each department and business unit; in the
commitment to transparency with more open spaces and fewer offices; and in innovation,
with the creation of meeting spaces that facilitate the exchange of knowledge and the use of
new technologies in all these processes.

The move to the new corporate headquarters has seen the launch of a range of healthcare
infrastructures and services adapted to the new environment and work style, The Campus was
designed as a cardio-protected area and therefore several defibrillators have been installed at
these facilities along with the major industrial centers.

Throughout the Campus project the contributions of a team of facilitators representing all the
company areas and business units were taken into account. In this way, the cultural aspects
and values have also been adapted according to the needs that arose during the relocation
and occupancy of the new facilities.

Attracting the finest talent

To develop a professional vocation, Repsol offers different ways to recruit, motivate and
engage talented individuals, helping them to develop personally and professionally, with
a good working environment, skills training, internal promotion opportunities and job
mobility

It also has programs to capture young talent, professionally training them to join as part of
the team. In 2012, 140 new professionals joined one of three Master's Courses offered by
Repsol (Hydrocarbon Exploration and Production, Refining, Petrochemicals and Gas, and
Energy Management, the latter with two courses in 2012), giving them the opportunity to learn
about and understand the various business units of the company, acquire basic knowledge of.
business management and the management and decision models of an international company
and likewise to develop the skills needed to improve their professional efficiency, closely linked
to Repsol's culture and professional style.

To recruit this talent, the company took part in over 10 forums and job fairs, many of them in
industrial environments and it gave talks and presentations in a number of schools, colleges,
universities and associations.

Repsol has adapted to the needs of the new European Curriculum of the Bologna Accords,
receiving university students with curricular work experience. Training for university students
in different areas of the company has been reinforced with the signing of more than 300 schol-
arship agreements in 2012. These programs are aimed at graduates and final year students,
preparing them for their future incorporation in the job market. The Impulsa plan, which
consists of online generic skills courses targeting graduates in work experience schemes, has
become an important commitment to training these interns who will later become one of the
most important corporate recruitment sources

Within the different training profiles employed throughout the company, Vocational Training
internships have also have been provided for more than 6o Intermediate and Higher Level
Vocational Training students, with a high percentage of these joining Repsol through various
employment vacancies

Repsol took part in various outreach programs between the education system and the
business world by providing educational work experience at the company for young people
to be better prepared for their professional future, motivating them and providing them
with the necessary skills. A dozen secondary schools and colleges have benefited from
these initiatives.

234

CORPORATE AREAS

In the Careers Channel at repsol.com contents were updated and new videos of employees
were included. According to market trends and the needs of the company, and with the KWD
Webranking as a benchmark, a full review of the careers area has begun, using this opportunity
for improvement to change our focus and reach the target audience.

The emergence and widespread presence of social networking has established a new paradigm
for communication, participation and relationship with the main stakeholders. Aware of this,
Repsol has improved its capacity for monitoring and measuring its image and positioning in
this new environment in order to establish new points of contact with the target groups. In
this sense, to enhance its image as an employer the company has expanded its presence in
social networks, incorporating more information from the company and increasing the ability
to recruit through this professional network

Talent management
Throughout 2012 Repsol's talent management model was consolidated, identifying and
updating the company's evaluation and development tools with the objective of making all the
means, tools and processes available to everybody involved. Al this is available to employees
on the company intranet.
The nature of the company, the complex organizations that generate its activity and the team
of people who work there, unusual owing to their diversity and highly specialized and technical
skills, demands a structured career guide that integrates both technical and management
factors. Therefore, in the Upstream area a technical career model was defined for exploration
and production identifying key criteria and aspects of the professional career: technical disci-
plines, functional roles and mentoring as a basic tool for the development and transmission
of technical knowledge.
The ever increasing internationalization of the company makes it necessary to support the
corporate businesses and areas. A result of this is an initiative that has been launched in the
area of engineering, to identify the capacity of people (193 interviews were conducted) to
provide Upstream services internationally and the actions that would be needed to strengthen
and adapt individual profiles to environmental demands.
Another of the keys throughout 2012 was to continue working on management style, To do so,
line manager training workshops continued to be staged to improve management style and
introduce techniques for evaluating and providing feedback. A total of 610 line managers went
through the workshops. In this context of strengthening the management style, line manager
conventions were held for all the industrial complexes, both in the Refining and Chemicals
areas and the central areas
Leadership training seminars were also run, attended by 478 individuals in the diferent courses:

+ Communicate to Lead, 402 professionals attended in s different countries

+ Effective Leadership, 53 professionals

+ Transformational Leadership, 23 managers

+ Management Fundamentals, 78 professionals

+ Advanced Management, 30 professionals
Additionally, a total of 93 executives went through 6 training programs throughout the year.
The company continued to consolidate the tools it uses to assess and develop the talent
of its employees, such as People Review, which provides a detailed assessment of people,
generating a shared vision of each of them: their strengths, areas of improvement and
professional profile. These assessments pave the way for development plans and other
specific actions, and envisage mobility throughout the company. In 2012, 2,307 people
were assessed in 52 People Review sessions, Note that 193 people assessed held exec-
utive positions.
Fourteen Developments Centers were staged (assessment of the level of development through
individual and group tests), 10 in Spain and 4 in other countries, with a total of 112 people
assessed.
The Assessment-Feedback scheme continued to be implemented in 2012 to see what perception
superiors, team members, peers and internal clients have of the subject’s conduct and actions.
This scheme started life as a pilot initiative for the heads of the service station networkin Spain.
In this program 140 managers were assessed in 2012 and 827 people took part. The program
includes the assessment process and the follow-up monitoring and support for managers.
Additionally, in the industrial area the Feedback-Assessment pilot program was launched for

235


--- Page 31 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

line managers at the Tarragona industrial complex, that will subsequently be rolled-out in all
the complexes of the industrial area

In 2012, a diagnostic was conducted on the quality and distribution of technical knowledge in
the Upstream area, through an assessment of technical skill or critical knowledge in which
a total of 1,277 people were assessed

Since January 2012, 3,330 work migrations and 1,996 changes of job classification have been
carried out.

Training

One highlight of 2012 was the launch of the Repsol Master's in Energy Management (REGE),
for new professionals who will join various management positions, which provides active
knowledge about the value chain at Repsol and the context in which operates, on the compa-
ny's values, policies, processes, and systems, and on the professional skills that must be
implemented in line with the Repsol Style. With regard to in-service training, in 2012 efforts
focused on the simplification and integration of the training offer under a homogeneous and
company-wide architecture

Further support was given to the cultural transformation at Repsol in terms of responsibility
for safety and the environment through the Prism program: in 2012 there have been a total
of 61 events with 1,577 attendees, 62% of whom were executives and managers. The courses
empowered leadership through innovation with Lean Management programs and creativity
workshops, along with the improvement of digital 2.0 skills focusing on the adoption of new
work and collaboration methods (new user tools Windows, Office, Lyne, etc.)

These programs combine classroom tuition with online training and use the various tools
and virtual training resources that are available in Repsol's Virtual Learning Environment
(SCORM courses, blog, forums, information sharing, informal resources library, virtual
classroom, etc.)

In addition, the Language School was renewed, currently consisting of different learning
methodologies to facilitate language learning such as online courses, teaching by phone, and
ad hoc courses for people with critical needs. It features an open learning space, the English
Corner, available to all employees, and that can be accessed without submitting tests or appli-
cations through the Training Manager. This learning spaces has exercises, videos, listening
tests, vocabulary, grammar and eBooks, creating a set of tools for self-taught and voluntary
learning where employees can practice and boost their level of English

All these projects have materialized in 9,301 different courses or events. As indicated in
the table below, this area saw a total of 94,068 attendances by 18,122 people and 1,008,973
teaching hours.

Country People Attendances Hours
Spain 2191 54,499 696,470
Other countries 5,931 39,569 312,502
TOTAL 18,122 94,068 1,008,973

In the B2C field (Business to Consumer) the training offer was extended to external partners,
so as to constitute a tool for transformation and a medium for transmitting commercial
policies and projecting brand values. In 2012 there were a total of 387 training events, with
3,680 attendees and 48,010 hours of tuition.

In the field of professional training the company has continued its process of integrating
people with disabilities and at risk of social exclusion, through training and collaboration
programs with institutions (FSC Inserta, Red Cross...) in coordination with the different People
and Organization areas of the different businesses, with the goal of increasing the presence
of these groups in the company. Nine courses have been conducted with the participation
of 125 students, which have led to the recruitment of 30% of the students by Repsol and its
branded service station network

Furthermore, the training of 100 Intermediate Vocational Training students was performed at
Training in Job Centers (FCT) giving them the opportunity to complete their work experience
at Repsol service stations.

236

CORPORATE AREAS

International careers

Repsol managed a Group of 652 professionals on international assignments at December
31, 2012.

A particular highlight for the year was the company's ability to respond quickly to the needs
arising from new projects that the company had started in various countries. Proof ofthis was
the recruitment of 166 employees with international profiles, both internally and externally,
and the 105 migrations of existing employees between different countries, thus providing the
company with specific experience in key areas to face these new challenges

The action taken in the case of YPF, which focused on the welfare of employees and their
families after the illegal expropriation, illustrates the management style for those posted or
assigned abroad, characterized by an integral process that responds not only to the different
needs of the company, but also the needs of employees and their family members.
Specifically, on 16 April 2012, coinciding with the announcement of YPF expropriation, a
group of professionals from seven different countries (Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador,
Spain, Switzerland and Venezuela) were posted in Argentina by the Repsol Group. This group
amounted to 42 people, mostly relocated with their families

Atthat date there was a group of YPF employees assigned to seven different countries where
the Repsol Group has business concerns: Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Spain, Libya, Peru and
Venezuela. This group amounted to 32 people, most relocated with their families.

In the new situation, the need arose to adopt a strategy with respect to these groups, that was
performed by the international assignment area in coordination with the labor relations area
AAs a result we have proceeded to repatriate/reassign 100% of the professionals assigned in
Argentina at the time of the expropriation.

Employee remuneration

In 2012 the company implemented a process for communication and transparency with regard
to remuneration. This has led to three initiatives:

The creation of comprehensive pay bulletins.
Communication of the company's remuneration systems and criteria to all employees not
subject to collective bargaining agreements.

The preparation of wage review audits

The comprehensive pay bulletin involves communicating all the elements of each employee's
individual compensation in an up-to-date and permanent manner. It includes all the compen-
sation headings including fixed and variable remuneration, incentives and benefits, et. It is
currently implemented in Spain for the executives and employees not subject to collective
bargaining agreements, and in the future it will be extended to other countries and categories
The communication of the company's remuneration systems and criteria responds to one
of the areas for improvement revealed in the last corporate Climate Survey. Workshops have
been set up with the groups of professional employees managed according to these systems
and criteria.

Thirdly, the preparation of audit reports for all wage review processes responds to the need to
know how they have been performed and if they have appropriately applied the corresponding
criteria of diversity: gender, nationality, age, etc., with the aim of implementing the necessary
improvement actions.

Also responding to the need to improve employee recognition detected in the latest Climate
Survey, in 2012 the company decided to promote non-monetary recognition by performing
an analysis of best practices in all the countries and business areas of the Group, as well as
its impact on the working environment. A list of non-monetary recognition options is being
compiled that will be placed at the disposal of supervisors, along with the procedures for
their management.

In 2012 programs have also been implemented in all the countries businesses with difficulties
in retaining talent owing to the high demand for professionals in their market or the lack of
expectations for the future of the business, for example in Mexico.

Likewise, the implementation began of the Flexible Compensation Plan for Executives in
Spain, as a pilot group, in order to accommodate the remuneration headings according to
the personal needs of each executive.

With respect to employees included in collective bargaining agreements, during 2012 evaluation
campaigns were performed at Repsol Exploracién, Repsol Trading and Repsol S.A., according
to the specific needs of these businesses.

237


--- Page 32 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Variable remuneration for employees included in collective bargaining
agreements

For the first timein 2012 the variable remuneration system was deployed for employees included
in collective bargaining agreements in Spain, linked to the achievement of the common goals
of each organizational unit

Common objectives for this group have been defined in 47 different areas, covering all the
company's lines of activity in Spain.

The deployment process is aimed at ensuring that all those involved know first-hand the
‘most critical challenges faced by each of the units, and the opportunities each of them has
to contribute, focusing on

+ The context of their activity and business.
+ Needs for improvement in their area
+ The relationship between business targets, indicators and challenges.

+ The type of conduct and contributions that, through their activity, they can contribute to the
achievement of the proposed targets.

+ The company's need for each of their contributions to build a better future for everyone.
+ Ensuring involvement and commitment towards generating opportunities for greater contri-
butions with suggestions for improvements
Findings of the Study Committee of the VI Framework Agreement
In the VI Framework Agreement the parties decided to create of a joint company-union study
committee to develop a performance evaluation system for application in all the activities
related to people management.
Furthermore, based on the results of the Climate Survey conducted in 201, the need was
detected among employees included in collective agreements to introduce the following topics:
+ Ahigher level of dialogue between people managers and their colleagues.
+ Abetter understanding of the contribution of each employee to the objectives of the area/unit.
+ Individual identification of the strengths and areas for improvement to guide development.
Throughout this year, the Joint Committee developed this new system, reaching consensus
on the definition of a process of performance evaluation which will be applied to the collective
bargaining agreement group of Repsol's employees in Spain, since it pursues the continuous
improvement of the employees' performance and their professional development.
The commitment of the agreement is to deploy and extend the system to other countries.
These initial achievements and agreements have paved the way for a new company model
demanding increased commitment from everyone, reflecting and adapting to the diversity of
the people that make up Repsol, and bringing about growing levels of personal and profes-
sional development,

Innovation

Innovation is a discipline that can and must be developed. During 2012 the company closely
examined the development of methods and tools for innovation management. The innova-
tion leadership program has staged 20 seminars and workshops, training events which were
attended by 150 professionals from Repsol's Innovation Network. These working sessions,
many of them open to other companies, have generated pilot projects of new techniques
applied to the Repsol's business, such as ethnography, to understand the needs of techni-
cians in mobility projects at industrial plants, or "design thinking" for the identification of
opportunities based on new business models. With a more general scope, two new training
programs have reached maturity and have been incorporated into the corporate curriculum:

the Creativity Workshop and the Entrepreneurs Workshop. In the Creativity Workshop, Repsol
professionals learn to use various creativity techniques to solve problems in a daily business
context. During 2012 a first group of 30 trainers was prepared, training them for extending
the program to the rest of their colleagues.

Simultaneously, the process of collective idea generation focused on solving business chal-
lenges has become consolidated with the establishment of a permanent corporate platform
called "IdeasEnAccién' [ideas in action]. This platform supports the process of collective
idea generation within Repsol and creates the Ideas Bank for future inspiration where
the best 1,500 ideas are collected from 10 campaigns in which 13,000 professionals from
around the world have participated. In order to pool and share the knowledge obtained in

238

CORPORATE AREAS

the management of collective intelligence, in 2012 Fundacién Repsol promoted a business
meeting at its headquarters in which seven large companies shared their experiences in
the management of ideas

The first innovation tables were created as a collective learning environment for various
cross-cutting and innovative projects that work on a common business challenge. In 2012
the first of these tables was launched around the challenge of new forms of organization with
eight teams developing imaginative proposals to tackle the issues raised

The Entrepreneurs Workshop, aimed at innovative project teams, seeks to combine corporate
know-how and resources with the passion and sense of urgency of a new company. From
the experience gained in preparing external entrepreneurship programs, a one-week intensive
course was developed to provide support to the role of in-house entrepreneurs, giving them
new tools that have proven effective with new entrepreneurs and supporting them with a
culture and processes that enable resources to be allocated quickly and flexibly.

The open organization philosophy also extends outside of Repsol. During 2012 educational
initiatives were consolidated through the Inspire Program (Universidad Politécnica de Madrid)
and Pasion>lE (IE Business School), both in their second editions, along with collaborations
in the Social Council of Universidad Carlos III in Madrid and the EsadeCreapolis campus in
Barcelona. In the business sector, open innovation programs have continued to flourish at
Banesto and SEAT and new initiatives have been conducted at BBVA, DHL, Grupo Planeta
and Telefonica Digital

Continuous improvement initiatives

The development of this line has rested primarily on a series of projects (18 in 2012) based
on the "Lean" philosophy, an improvement methodology that involves creating more value
for customers with fewer resources and motivated by the customer's viewpoint in all aspects:
reduced costs, better quality and greater agility are consequences of a culture in which added
value becomes a daily challenge.

With cultural change as the focus, and the achievement of results as a priority (improving value
flows that impact on customers), a methodology was designed that integrates both factors.
It has been applied in five pilot projects (three in Information Systems and two Upstream in
Operations Quality) on the basis of the processes that are critical to their results and involving
the end customer at the definition stage. Throughout the year, training initiatives were staged
for managers in continuous improvement techniques and conducts. & workshop was added
tothe company's training offer on "Lean Management Awareness", which adapts the contents
of this methodology to Repsol's needs. In 2012 more than 200 people attended awareness
courses, including 70 who were participants of ongoing projects.

Additionally, during the year another innovative in-house improvement methodology was
designed and implemented. The "BeyondBenchmarking" initiatives an evolution of traditional
benchmarking based on the comparison of Repsol's critical processes with top companies
from other sectors and allows best practices and current ideas to be identified, shared and
implemented with an open innovation approach

Accompanying change

Innovation starts with the effective mobilization of Repsol's talented professionals. Accord-
ingly, during 2012 the company focused on implementing the conceptual and technological
foundations to allow the deployment of a cross-cutting knowledge management system, fully
integrated with business processes. At the core of this participation and knowledge sharing
initiative are the social functionalities that have been incorporated into an in-house knowledge
management environment based on the Yammer social network, which in November 2012
featured 3,000 members. A new version of the SharePoint platform has been installed that
will integrate these conversations in more structured knowledge-sharing and collaboration
spaces, such as communities of practice. There are currently 28 communities of practice and
more than 400 interest groups with over 3,000 active users in collaborative environments.

‘A mainstay in the Repsol Group's knowledge management strategy is the implementation
of the Autonomy search tool that enables users to locate internal and external content using
advanced classification and relevance rating techniques.

During 2012, progress was made in the collection of personal experiences in narrative form,
ice. inthe form of stories generally told inthe first person, and usually recorded for audiovisual
broadcasting. Another highlight was the knowledge management work performed by Refining
during the Cartagena refinery expansion project.

239


--- Page 33 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Labor Relations

The VI Framework Agreement signed in 2011 with Spain's largest unions - the CC.OO. and
UGT - remains in force. This Framework Agreement regulates the working conditions of
Repsol's workers in Spain. Its contents have been extended to other collective agreements
of the Group in Spain. In 2012 collective agreements were signed for Repsol S.A., Repsol
Comercial, Repsol Directo, Repsol Butano, Repsol Quimica and Dynasol, General Quimica,
Repsol Petrdleo, Repsol Trading, Repsol Lubricantes y Especialidades, S.A. (Relesa), Repsol
Exploracién and Repsol Investigaciones Petroliferas, S.A. (Ripsa).

At international level, the Repsol Polimeros collective agreement was signed in Sines
(Portugal), effective from April 1, 2012 until March 30, 2014.

The European Committee, established to facilitate the right to information and consultation
of employees working for community-wide corporations and corporate groups, met on
September 4 and 5, 2012, with the presence of the UGT-R . Portugal, Portugal CGTP along
with CC.OO. and UGT from Spain.

Meanwhile, the coordination committee of the Union Network [Red Sindical] held 2 meeting
in Cartagena on May 28, 29 and 30, 2012 in which it analyzed training at the Repsol Group,
the integration of people with disabilities and the financial results and signed the I! Protocol
for the operation of the Union Network, effective until December 31, 2015.

Health and Safety

During 2012 the company continued to deploy a new health and safety model throughout the
Group. This involved transmitting its contents worldwide (activities, roles and coordination
bodies), completing the analysis ofthe situation in other countries, defining alternative courses
of action according to the differences found and adopting a strategic action approach. One
highlight of this process was a the staging of a coordination meeting between countries to
analyze the new situation and the establish of common lines of action

New procedures were drafted to assist in the development and deployment of the health and
safety policy. The procedure for health indicators was also updated to adapt to the new health
and safety and periodic health monitoring approaches. In addition, a new phase of the internal
health and safety compliance audit plan was performed at the General Chemicals, Polidux
and Repsol Polymers (Sines) centers.

As part of Repsol's commitment to cardiovascular health, the Repsol Cardiosaludable (Healthy
heart) plan was launched as five-year initiative through which the company aims to have a
positive impact on cardiovascular risk factors at an early stage before potential health damage
becomes significant. In 2012 the parameters to be analyzed were selected and the baseline was
set to intensify future work on the various risk factors: smoking, obesity, high blood pressure,
insufficient physical activity, diabetes, etc.

A significant support for this initiative is the Health and Wellbeing channel in the employee
portal that was launched at the end of the year. The channel is a way to make relevant health
and wellbeing information available to Repsol's employees.

This channel will also be an effective tool to support the various prevention campaigns and
health promotion programs currently under way. The implementation of various campaigns
indifferent countries continued in 2012, including early detection of colon and prostate cancer,
blood pressure monitoring, prevention of communicable diseases, smoking, etc.

This year, in addition to the traditional content (first aid, CPR, back clinic, stress management,
handling loads manually, etc), specific training has been provided to emergency action teams
about the use of defibrillators in those centers where they have been installed,

Elsewhere, in coordination with the prevention services involved, work has continued on the
assessment of psychosocial risk in different units of the company.

In the field of information systems, the migration was successfully completed to the new
version of the Win Medtra medical services software package and new features have been
incorporated to support collective health monitoring.

Finally, both nationally and internationally, the company has continued its active participation
in various forums and associations to keep pace with new organization models, policies,
trends, best practices, etc.

240

CORPORATE AREAS

Innovation and technology

Repsol considers that investment in R&D&i, performed with the calling to be leader, is one
of the key factors in making possible a more efficient and sustainable energy system, capable
of responding concurrently to the two great challenges in the sector ~supply security and
reduction of CO2 emissions while maintaining the competitiveness of the energy system.
For this reason, Repsol invests in R&D to help find solutions to such important challenges,
thereby providing value both to the company and to society as a whole.

Uncertainty about what will be the dominant technologies of the future, time to maturity of
R&D efforts, economic cycles and pressures to reduce costs at low points in the cycle have
led Repsol to develop a Strategic Technology Plan as part of its business strategy. The lines
of work of this plan encompass all areas of the company: hydrocarbons exploration and
production, the natural gas value chain, oil refining and its products and petrochemicals, and
new energies for diversifying energy production and its use.

In 2012, Repsol invested €77 million in R&D activities carried out directly at its Technology
Center in Méstoles (Spain) and a further €6 million in projects undertaken in the company's
different business units. Repsol maintains an active policy of collaboration with technology
centers, public and private universities and companies in Spain and internationally. The
investment earmarked for these types of agreements was more than €20 million. Repsol
participates in R&D financing projects run by different government authorities. In 2012 the
Technology Center took part in 14 projects promoted by the Spanish government and 6
European Union projects.

Repsol has over 400 specialists in its different research centers.

R&D Programs

Upstream. In 2012 Technology division activity in this area underwent major changes after
the definition of the Strategic Plan for E&P Technology for the period 2011-2016.

The challenge for the new plan is to develop and apply a new generation of technologies, in
the medium term, to make it possible to successfully tackle and deal with the technological
challenges demanded in the Repsol's large investment projects in coming years. This challenge
has led to the approval by the Exploration and Production Executive Managing division of nine
strategic projects, of which seven are being developed by the Technology division and the other
two in the Geophysics Unit of the Exploration Executive division. The estimated budgets for
the development of these nine projects amount to around €go million

In this context, one of the strategic projects that achieved significant progress in 2012, is the
development ground-breaking technology for automated surveillance and the early detection
of oil slicks on the water surface. During 2012 two prototypes with this technology were
tested at the Tarragona refinery and the Casablanca platform in Spain, with highly promising
preliminary results. These tests will continue during the first quarter of 2013,

Another strategic project with significant achievements in 2012, is the development of a
technology for evaluating exploration/production opportunity portfolios quickly and reliably,
minimizing the risk involved with making decisions under uncertain conditions. This tool will
enable the identification of analogous reservoirs, evaluation of assets, definition of optimal
production strategies, and prioritizing of business opportunities. A remarkable aspect of this
project is the degree of innovation, which is reflected by the five patent applications filed in
2012 and four new applications scheduled for early 2013.

Furthermore, the development of new technologies deployed in the Strategic Plan for E&P
Technology 2011-2015 demands the use of synergies and reliance on world class technology
development centers along with continuous contact and proximity to the operational units
that require technological solutions. For this reason, in 2012 some of the projects have been
carried out in the new hubs of Houston (USA) and Rio de Janeiro (Brazil)

Moreover, the complexity of Repsol's new deposits, requires being at the forefront of analysis
and interpretation technology in order to ensure efficient development. Accordingly, in 2012,
the experimental rack and fluid and advanced reservoir modeling laboratories located at the
Repsol Technology Center (CTR), have continued installing state-of-the-art equipment and
recruiting highly-qualified staff with industry experience.

241


--- Page 34 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

The Perla 4x project has established the guidelines for implementing an efficient workflow for
core characterization studies. The CTR aspires to be a reference point in the development
of this type of study and to continue supporting Repsol's various business units worldwide.

Liquefied natural gas (LNG) and alternative technologies for gas monetization. Advances
in the development of floating liquefaction technologies continued in this area, aimed at the
exploitation of gas reserves which cannot currently be used in an economically competitive
manner. In 2012 a patent for a liquefaction process for floating systems was filed in the
United States.

In the area of alternative technologies for monetizing gas reserves, there are two promising
new development projects in the natural gas value chain, based on adsorption in porous
materials and conversion to natural gas hydrates

Downstream. In the area of oll refining and its derived products (petrol and diesel, LPG,
asphalt, lubricants, specialized products, etc.) technological knowledge is applied to optimize
the operation of refineries and to enhance product quality, with particular attention paid to
advances in energy efficiency and environmental issues,

‘As an example of the developments in this area, itis possible to mention technologies aimed
at achieving the objectives of the multi-year plan for refinery energy efficiency, together with
the support for development of tools for optimizing the expansion of the Cartagena refinery,
works aimed at differentiating fuels using new approaches ranging from petrol and diesel
to heavy fuel oils, the use of more environmentally-friendly lubricants ~formulated using
regenerated raw materials and biodegradable cils-, processes facilitating the obtaining of
new products for formulating tires in more demanding and competitive markets, asphalts of
improved environmental quality and support for LPG applications for transport and integrated
systems of improved energy efficiency.

In petrochemicals, company programs continued aimed at improving energy efficiency and
cost saving and lines of technological development aimed as a priority at obtaining new
differentiated and specialty products. Derivative chemicals received a boost in 2012 with the
launch of differentiated catalyst-based products specially designed to generate high-perfor-
mance polymers.

Highlights for intermediate products include the development of more efficent technologies,
enabling a reduction of raw material consumption and the attendant costs, These technolo-
gies have been consolidated in pilot schemes that are expected to be scaled up to industrial
level throughout 2013.

New energies. Technological developments in 2012 have resulted in new projects to overcome
the challenges raised in the company's business strategy. In this regard, biotechnology-
related activities have been reinforced through the stake acquired in Neol company dedicated
to develope biofuels from the selection and improvement of microorganisms, and also to
studying processes for obtaining biofuels from microalgae, with particular emphasis on the
extraction and conversion of the oils obtained into biodiesel. Furthermore, in order to develop
new processes associated with the major challenge of transforming COz into added value
products, five collaborations have been established with universities, technology centers
and companies. The electrical mobility activity has focused on electrical charging systems
for vehicles and the development of a technological strategy for energy storage. Finally, the
renewable power generation activity has focused on the selection of marine and geothermal
energy technologies, leading to the company's participation in the second offshore floating
wind power project to be implemented in the world at demonstration scale.

Technology prospecting studies

In order to achieve a future with energy sustainability, we must overcome ambitious techno-
logical barriers to arrive at new and better solutions, as well as analyze the potential impacts
of social events, scientific findings and the evolution of natural resources. Repsol prepares
systematic prospecting studies to visualize future scenarios and, in relation to these, identify
opportunities arising from the long-term evolution of technologies in the energy and petro-
chemical sectors.

These include studies on the general evolution of energy-related technologies, the
feasibility of flexible bio-refining based on biomass availability and process efficiency,
photovoltaic solar generation, renewable power storage and refining scenarios for 2030.
Repsol employs these studies to gain an outlook on the future and guide its technology
investment portfolio.

242

CORPORATE AREAS

Patent policy

Fully aware of the huge importance and value of research and development work, Repsol is
committed to the protection of the results of this work. In 2012, in addition to those already
mentioned, patent applications were filed for inventions in different areas, such as a catalyst
for sulfur plants, the modification of a catalytic reforming unit for the production of middle
distillates using an olefin stream and another aromatic stream or direct distillation, aromatic
alkenyl copolymers and hydrogenated dienes containing comonomers with silyl hydride units
and their functionalized analogues, and recovery of molybdenum and benzoic acid

Corporate Responsibility

‘As an energy company that contributes to sustainable development, Repsol must be prepared
to understand the expectations of its stakeholders. This is only possible through a corporate
responsibility model that integrates these expectations in all internal decision-making processes.
After the final definition of Repsol's Corporate Responsibility model and the implementa-
tion of a corporate responsibility coordination system at company and national level with
the creation of the Corporate Responsibility Committees, during 2012 work continued on
the deployment of the system at operational center level. During the year we developed a
common methodology for identifying stakeholders’ expectations and integrating them into
the company's decision-making process at the main production centers in order to implement
performance boosting initiatives.

Asa result of these processes, in 2012 a special effort was made to meet the expectations
of stakeholders in Repsol's ethical, social and environmental performance. To this end, in
2012 corporate and national expectations studies were developed, taking into account all
the interested parties. Repsol compiled national studies in four countries addressed at
employees, the value chain, government agencies, the media, the local community and
civil society. In 2012 the third corporate sustainability plan was approved with a horizon of
2013, In addition the first national sustainability plans were approved and released in four
countries: Spain, Bolivia, Ecuador and Peru. Through these plans, actions have been defined
that will be developed over the next two years to bring the company's performance up to
the expectations of its stakeholders. Through its sustainability plans Repsol has publicly
committed to a total of 278 short to medium term actions, 80% of these relating to variable
compensation of employees.

As part of its commitment to transparency, during 2012 Repsol organized the first visit by
members of civil society to one of its main oil production operations in Ecuador.

Each year the company publishes its Corporate Responsibility Report, in which accounts
for its annual performance and its ethical, social and environmental progress. However,
Repsol understands that there are specific issues related to its activities and operations that
are of particular local community interest, and therefore in 2012 it also published, for the
fourth consecutive year, the Repsol Ecuador Corporate Responsibility Report and, for the
first time, the Repsol Peru Corporate Responsibility Report. Like the corporate report, both
publications adhere to the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The company
also presented the Progress Report of the United Nations Global Compact, showing an
advanced level of application and reinforcing the commitment to this initiative that Repsol
has supported since 2003.

During 2012 work continued on integrating the United Nations "Protect, Respect and Remedy’
framework and the guiding principles for companies and human rights. In this sense, Repsol
prepared its draft Policy on Human Rights, which has been submitted for comments to external
organizations. The company has set the goal of adopting this policy in 2013. A human rights
course was also developed to explain this commitment, the framework on which it is based
and how itis being implemented for all Repsol's employees, This course began with a pilot
test staged for more than 400 company employees and will be extended to other areas and
businesses in forthcoming years.

Repsol believes that the appropriate management of revenues from extractive activities,
wherever it operates, should have a positive impact on local economies. For this reason, the
company is a founding partner ofthe Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative that promotes
the transparency of financial reports among extractive industry companies (mining, oil and
gas) to avoid corruption, social injustice and conflicts.

243


--- Page 35 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Yet another year, the company's performance in corporate responsibility matters was
recognized and continued to be a part of the following prestigious sustainability indexes:
FTSE4Good, Ethibel Sustainability and Dow Jones Sustainability. In this last award, for the
second consecutive year, Repsol achieved the maximum rating, becoming the industry
leader. Thanks to all this, the company again received the "Gold Class" company rating,
according to the Sustainability Yearbook 2012, which recognizes companies with the best
sustainability performance

Repsol's presence in international sustainability indexes is proof of its strong commitment
to ethical, environmental and social values as part of its corporate culture. In turn, it is a
recognition of the company's commitment to transparency and corporate responsibility.

In 2012, Repsol, the Repsol Foundation and the Ayuda en Accién [Action Aid] Foundation
signed a collaboration agreement. One of the planned actions is the sale of fair trade products
supplied by Ayuda en Accidn in the network of service stations in Spain. This joint initiative
will also be an opportunity to share acquired knowledge and experience on the reality of the
communities and environments in which the company operates, and thus define cooperation
projects that will generate benefits for these communities.

Fundacién Repsol (Repsol Foundation)

‘As an expression of Repsol's social responsibilty values and its voluntary commitment to the
sustained improvement of society, the Repsol Foundation channels a variety of social and
cultural activities in the countries in which the company operates. In 2012, this commitment
was reinforced through activities in the field of social action, energy and the environment,
integration and the dissemination of art, science and culture.

The Entrepreneurs Fund, launched in 2011 to promote and support innovative business
projects in energy efficiency, closed its first call for proposals with over 400 applications, The
seven business projects selected, which were submitted in June 2012, are in their incubation
phase of development. Their scope ranges fram power generation to distribution and end use.
These projects include technological, business and legal consulting and financial support of.
between €6,000 and €12,000 per month during the necessary period for their development
along with access to Repsol's industrial infrastructure, Subsequently, contacts willbe facilitated
with potential investors to put the projects on the market.

The second proposal call for the Entrepreneurs Fund, opened on June 16 and closed on
November 16. A total of 479 applications were received, 95% from Spain

The Foundation maintains its objective of contributing to a more sustainable, efficient and
competitive energy model. Within its Energy Observatory framework, the Foundation pursued
its studies and publications, updating the Repsol Energy Efficiency and Greenhouse Gases
Emission (GHG) indexes, which analyze the whole energy life cycle using internal indexes and
from well to pump. In addition, for the fist time, the 2012 edition of the study included 2020
projections for the evolution of energy consumption in Spain and internal rates of efficiency
and emissions levels. With this study, the Repsol Foundation offers a tool for the analysis,
evaluation and monitoring of policies aimed both at improving energy efficiency and the
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.

The Repsol Foundation also works to promote and spread scientific knowledge among young
people. To this end, the Education Project in Technical Creativity was launched in cooperation
with the "Fundacién Educativa Universidad de Padres" (Parents' University Education Foun-
dation). Its aim, through the monthly publication of the "Energia Creadora" (Creative Energy)
magazine, is to help spark interest in science and technology as the foundation for scientific
and technological progress and encourage young people to investigate and innovate. Under
in this framework the Foundation also published the white paper How to build a culture of
excellence, innovation and entrepreneurship. A social action pedagogy.

Also, from September 25 to November 7, 2012, scientific workshops were organized with
Repsol's Industrial Complex in Puertollano (Spain) which invited more than 1,500 students
to learn about the importance of energy saving and efficiency and introduced them to the
world of chemistry.

Another educational initiative was aimed at children and families through sustainable energy
workshops developed in cooperation with the Spanish National Library.

In line with its commitment to meeting the new training demand, the Foundation continued
its scholarship program in collaboration with Petronor as well as the A Corufia and Tarragona
refineries (Spain). The scholarship program aims to pramote Vocational Training in the speci-

244

CORPORATE AREAS

alities most required by the company and provide professional employment opportunities
among young people.

At university level, highlights include the programs at the Universidad Rovira i Virgili in Tarra
gona and the Universidad Politécnica in Cartagena to facilitate university access to students
with economic and/or social difficulties and a good academic record,

In the 2011-2012 academic year, the Foundation granted more than €347,000 in training
scholarships, benefiting more than 160 students.

The integration of people with disabilities is one of Repsol Foundation's main priorities. In this
area it conducts social, cultural and sports programs that contribute to equal opportunities
and the full integration of the disabled collective. An amount of 207 actions were performed
in 2012, directly benefiting more than 41,700 people.

As part of the "Recapacita" project, an initiative to raise awareness about the difficulties that
members of this collective face in their daily lives, the Games for Integration were held in
Tarragona, Madrid, Cartagena and Puertollano, with the participation of 17,000 people. The
project aims to promote integration through sport and highlight the importance of the equal
opportunities values transmitted through competition

Also noteworthy is the program Your Education has no limits, Develop your Future. Conducted
in conjunction with the ONCE Foundation, the program's purpose is to increase the presence
of students with disabilities in universities. In 2012 four special awareness days were held in
Tarragona, Puertollano, A Corufia and Cartagena.

Another highlight is the creation of the Telefénica-Fundacién Repsol Chair of Family and
Disability at the Universidad Pontificia in Comillas, in order to investigate and promote the
quality of life of people with intellectual disabilities and their families, from a professional,
innovative and critical perspective through social commitment.

With regard to Volunteering, in 2012 the Foundation increased the number of activities, from
environmental to educational and social, that directly benefited more than 48,000 people
from various groups, thanks to the cooperation of more than 1,000 volunteers. Furthermore,
the Foundation took part in the international volunteer project Madrid por Madrid (Cities of
Service), also joining the Voluntare corporate volunteer network and Engage, a unique inter
national platform providing support for companies in this area.

Beyond Spain, the Repsol Foundation has continued working in specific community develop-
ment, health, education, social inclusion and opportunity-creating programs that meet the
real needs of disadvantaged social groups in the communities in which the company operates.
Inthe field of education, in Peru programs were developed for young people with low resources
and at risk of social exclusion in Pachacutec and Arequipa, providing them with access to
better schooling and eventually university education,

In Bolivia, the foundation is working with the National Theatre School in order to provide
comprehensive training for young people with limited resources and promote the spread of
theatre in the country.

Specific programs have been undertaken to address health problems identified in each of
the countries:

+ Improving visual health in Bolivia and Peru.

+ Equipment and improvement of the health infrastructure at the San José Obrero Hospital in
Portachuelo, Bolivia

Hearing health in Morocco

Promotion of food and nutrition safety in Peru to reduce anemia in children under five and
their mothers.

+ Care for children in extreme poverty at the Colombian Comprehensive Child Development
Center and training for adolescent mothers.

+ HIV/AIDS prevention program and organ donation and transplant program in Trinidad and
Tobago.
The Foundation brings citizens closer to culture, music, literature and the arts through various
activities and partnerships, It also takes part in cooperation agreements and is involved
in institutions such as the Circle of Friends of the Cervantes Institute and the Foundation
Friends of the National Library of Spain, contributing to the important task of disseminating
Spanish culture.

245


--- Page 36 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

In 2012, the work of the Repsol Foundation was recognized, in different areas, with several
awards. The COCEMFE Award in the category of "Best company" for its work towards the
integration of people with disabilities, the Bobath Foundation award, for its work in the
integration of people with cerebral palsy, the El Vigia group award, for best corporate social
responsibility initiative of the year, or the award from the Association of Young Entrepreneurs
of Madrid, in recognition of the Foundation’s work to promote and support the development
of the best business projects through the Fund for Entrepreneurs

Repsol Ecuador Foundation
During 2012 five new projects were supported as a result ofthe 2011 call for funding proposals:

“Enterprising education for the progress of my region’ implemented by the junior Achievement
Foundation.

Within the community development and support framework program conducted by Repsol
in Ecuador, there are settlements in the Ecuadorean Amazon located in the area directly
affected by the route of the SPF-OCP pipeline, known as right of way, which have benefited
from several social initiatives

With the support of Repsol Ecuador Foundation, one of the priarities identified within these
communities involves training and educational initiatives, The project has been developed
from a strategic partnership between Repsol Ecuador Foundation, OCP Ecuador and the
October 29 Savings and Credit Cooperative, through the Junior Achievement Foundation. In
general terms, the project includes training for teachers and students, and the development
of educational incentives

Strengthening for women's and youth organizations in Sucumbios, implemented by the
Foundation Integral Development for the Future - FUDEN.

The project involves 500 women and young people from the districts of Lago Agrio and
Sucumbios in the Ecuadorean Amazon, in productive and organizational development
processes to enhance their skills and improve their quality of domestic and community life.
In addition, it creates and strengthens microenterprise initiatives led by women and young
people, and promotes employment according to social sustainability, economic, food security
and environmental conservation criteria.

Asa result of this process, 400 women and young people are participating in 125 ventures,
and now have an economic activity. The main areas of work are fish farming, raising pigs,
cows or chickens, arts and crafts, baking and service activities such as food stalls and tourisrn,
among others.

The project's chief priority is supporting the development of indigenous and mestizo commu-
nities located in areas of indirect influence of Block 16, where Repsol Ecuador operates.
Further emphasis on financial services in rural areas of Orellana and Sucumbios province as
an alternative for productive development.

This project, funded by the Repsol Ecuador Foundation and executed by the Rural Financial
Network, consists in introducing integrated financial products and services in rural and
‘marginal urban areas of Eastern Ecuador. The partners in this project are Cooperativa Coca
and the Microenterprise Development Fund (FODEMI) with procedures for strengthening
and implementing services for the residents in the area

Upon completion of the initiative it is estimated that about 10,000 entrepreneurs or
micro-entrepreneurs will have access to financial services. Economies of scale are also expected
to be generated in the area, which will benefit about 30,000 people between the families of
entrepreneurs and other players in the local economy.

Promation and protection of local culture as an educational tool for human development.
This project involves the local government of Francisco de Orellana and the Alejandro Labaka
Foundation, with the Vicariate of Aguarico and support from Repsol Ecuador in the framework
of the project to promote and defend local culture as a development tool, together with the
Basque Government, with the support of the Ecuadorean National institute of Cultural Heritage.
Popular finance for entrepreneurs women in Sucumbfos and Orellana, conducted by the
Grameen Amazonas Savings and Credit Cooperative.

This project attempts to further improve the socio-economic conditions of women in rural
and marginal urban areas in the provinces of Sucumbios and Orellana, in the Ecuadorean
Amazon, providing access to popular financial services that allow them to start and maintain
small income-generating ventures for themselves and their families

246

CORPORATE AREAS

Safety and environment

For Repsol, attention to safety and the environment plays a central role in managing its activities.
The company's principles for safety and the environment are defined in its Safety, Health and
Environment Policy which is applicable in al its activities. In the policy, the company pledges
to conduct its activities while considering the following to be essential values: safety, people's
health and protecting the environment.

Additionally, safety is one of the company's fundamental and unwavering ethics that should
guide all actions and commitments

The basis for safety and environmental management is the management system. This system
is comprised of a body of regulations, procedures, technical guidelines and management
tools that are applicable in all company activities. They are being continuously updated to be
adapted to the sector's best practices.

The Executive Committee establishes the safety and environmental objectives and strategic
guidelines. These are the basis for drawing up objectives and plans of action for all of the
company businesses. These plans consider the necessary actions for the continous improve-
ment of management, investments and associated expenses and the adaptations to new
legislative requirements.

Additionally, the duties of the Board of Directors' Audit and Control Committee include learning
and orienting the company's safety and environmental policy, directives and objectives
Repsol's 2012 Corporate Responsibility Report lists the most notable actions carried out
during the financial year to improve safety and to protect and conserve the environment. It
also includes the development of the most relevant indicators.

Safety

The frequency of accidents with doctor's note included (company personnel plus contractor)
decreased by 16% with respect to the previous year, thus meeting the annual objective set.
This objective is part of the annual objectives of the Repsol employees who have variable pay.
The goal is to achieve zero accidents in Repsol's activities. In the last five years, the frequency
with doctor's note included has decreased by more than 50%. Nevertheless, during 2012, we
had to lament a total of 4 fatal accidents involving contractor personnel during the activities
{G of those deaths occurred in traffic accidents)

The safety management system is aligned with intemational standard OHSAS 18001 (Occupa-
tional Health and Safety Management System). Repsol encourages progressive certification of
company centers according to that standard as a way to promote continous improvement and
obtain external validation of management systems. Currently, all the refineries and chemical
plants, practicaly all ubricant and specialty facilities, several exploration and production facil
ities and a growing number of facilities for other activities are certified (the certified centers
can be consulted at www.repsol.com).

Notable safety management milestones achieved in new projects include the project to
expand the refinery in Cartagena, which has posed a major challenge for the company due to
its scale. The largestever industrial investment in Spain has been carried out in an attempt
to make Cartagena one of the best refineries in the world in terms of production technology,
environmental sustainability, and employee safety. The accident rate for the whole expan:
sion process was one-fifieth of the average for the Spanish construction sector, even if we
include the industrial installation process, with specific risks during the testing and start-up
of equipment. Overall, in the five years the project has been in progress and among the close
to 20,000 persons who have worked on it, only minor injuries have been sustained on the
site, such as bwists and sprains

Also noteworthy were the tasks performed for the completion of this project during the
commissioning and implementation stages of, which owing to its unusual characteristics
demanded a rigorous approach to safety aspects. The result of this effort can be considered
a success in which more than 1,500 people (including company employees and outsourced
personnel) completed the commissioning tasks, after more than 1.5 million hours, without
having to regret any serious accidents. The keys to this process were appropriate staffing
levels, optimal training and painstaking thoroughness.

247


--- Page 37 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Environment

The environmental management system is aligned with the international standard ISO
14001. Repsol encourages progressive certification of company centers according to that
standard as a way to promote continous improvement and obtain external validation of
management systems. Currently, all the refineries and chemical plants, all lubricant and
specialty facilities, practically all exploration and production facilities and a growing number
of facilities for other activities are certified (all the certified centers can be consulted at
www.repsol.com)

During 2012 significant environmental investments were made that were aimed at improving
the environmental quality of petroleum products, minimizing air emissions, increasing energy
efficiency, optimizing water consumption, reducing the contaminating load of dumps and
improving spill prevention systems. All of this was done by applying the available best prac-
tices and technological innovation. Also of note is the effort undertaken to identify, evaluate
and correct the possible past contamination situations. In Note 36 of the Consolidated
Financial Statements, information on assets, provisions, expenses and future actions of an
environmental nature is listed

From an environmental perspective, the new facilities at the Cartagena refinery produce
clean fuel for transport, promoting the use of biofuels and maximizing energy efficiency in
the production process. The new industrial complex in Cartagena is already a world leader
in environmental sustainability, safety and energy efficiency. A new cogeneration facility will
be joined by wastewater and sulfur recovery plants, which easily meet the most significant
environmental requirements.

Repsol's commitment to the environment, which comprises one ofthe basic principles of the
company, has also been apparent in all phases of the project to build the main offices of the
company, known as Campus Repsol. LEED® environmental certification has been chosen to
independently and externally validate compliance with the most highly-regarded standards
for sustainability in construction. This certification, which is endorsed by the United States
Green Building Council, analyses the whole life cycle of the building and is the most widely
recognized international certification.

In addition, Repsol was recognized by Newsweek magazine as the company with the best
environmental performance in the energy sector in Green Ranking 2012. This ranking assesses
the environmental practices of the 500 major companies traded worldwide, considering three
categories: environmental impacts, the environmental management system and transpar-
ency in the environmental report. This year, the company's transparency was quite positively
evaluated in the report on environmental issues. Moreover, it was highly evaluated in the
environmental management system category. That was because of the programs, initiatives
and certifications implemented in the entire organization to meet the commitments set forth
in the Safety, Health and Environment Policy.

This recognition is the result of the company's joint effort to improve its environmental
performance, and it shows Repsol's commitment as a leader and benchmark for transparency
inits sector.

Safety during offshore operations

Repsol has experience in offshore operations and it has performed deepwater operations both
in the Gulf of Mexico and Brazil, and in other parts of the world.

Repsol is an active member of the Oil and Gas Producers Association (OGP), the umbrella
organization for companies producing oil and gas for the promotion of safe and sustainable
operations. In order to ensure that lessons learned from industry accidents are implemented
in offshore operations around the world, this organization issued a series of recommendations
that are consistently applied in the company's drilling projects.

These recommendations improve the spill prevention and response capabilities of offshore
drilling operations and among the key issues included in these recommendations and adopted
by the company the following aspects can be highlighted:

Introduction of review and project management processes (Comprehensive Project Manage-
ment), peer review, equipment integrity audits, internal and external management systems
audits

Risk management during all phases of drilling projects, conducting qualitative and quantitative
analysis studies in accordance with the company's internal regulations.

248

CORPORATE AREAS

+ Skills evaluations to ensure individuals and teams have the ability to understand and manage
risks. Performing staff competency assessments, especially in cases of people responsible for
critical safety and environment elements.

Application of international standards and best practices to ensure that the most up-to-date
standards are applied in Repsol's projects.

Application of the double barrier approach in the design of production wells to prevent the
spilling of oil or other fluids into the environment.

Emergency response, strengthening the implementation of the company's emergency response
procedures and plans at different levels (local, regional and international emergencies}

Spill sponse integrated into emergency response procedures, defining potential spill scenarios
for each offshore well and developing the corresponding control plans. In addition, Repsol
is a member of Oil Spill Response (OSR), an international organization formed by oil oper-
ators, specialized in the prevention and control of oil spills and providing relevant technical
assistance.

Sustainable energy and climate change

Repsol is committed to building a better future through smart energy initiatives; offering the
best energy solutions to society and the planet. This means using a wide variety of sources
and optimizing their use through energy management systems to achieve excellent energy
performance. This commitment by Repsol is reflected in the updated Corporate Global
Carbon Strategy for 2012-2020 which aims to boost the company's vision of a more diver-
sified and less carbon intensive energy supply. The Carbon Strategy's end goal is to have
a common method of acting that harmonizes the existing initiatives and detects synergies
with an integrated focus.

This strategy is founded on intelligent risk management, following the path to excellence by
reducing the carbon footprint throughout the value chain and preparing for the future with
the development of non-fossil energy initiatives.

Repsol's Management Committee is in charge of approving the company's Carbon Strategy
as well as evaluating its implementation. This strategy is reviewed annually in order to stay at
the forefront. Additionally, since 2005, the duties of the Board of Directors’ Audit and Control
Committee include learning and orienting the company's safety and environmental policy,
directives and objectives including climate change aspects

Repsol has set a strategic objective of reducing 2.5 million tons of equivalent CO, during the
2005-2013 period. This is displayed in annual reduction objectives with respect to a business as
usual scenario. They are approved by the company's Management Committee. They are part
of the annual objectives for most of the Repsol employees who receive goal-oriented variable
pay. A reduction of more than 370,000 tons of equivalent CO was brought about in 2012
through specific energy savings actions. The cumulative decrease as a result of all the actions
taken in the period 2006-2012 amounts to more than 2.5 million tons of CO equivalent, thus
fulfilling the strategic goal set for the period 2005-2013,

‘One of the main strategic objectives in energy terms is the implementation of an Energy
Management System based on continuous improvement. These systems favor a compre-
hensive and systematic management approach, promoting cost savings and affirming the
company's commitment to supplying sustainable energy. Within this system, Repsol has
pinpointed a number of priorities that shape its long-term energy strategy. It is essential to
identify and continuously update the existing savings potential of the company to establish
quantified energy efficiency targets, and ensure the consistency of these objectives with the
long-term goals defined in the company's carbon strategy.

Repsol's Energy Management System is implemented according to the requirements of
International Standard ISO 50001. This standard enables procedures and systems to be
established that improve the energy performance of organizations. This leads to a reduc-
tion in emissions of greenhouse gases and other environmental impacts, at the same time
reducing energy costs.

This effort to surpass our targets is already bearing its fruits. Firstly the introduction of these
systems enable the company to measure and monitor the effectiveness of al the energy-saving
actions conducted; the improvement in the Energy Savings Index demonstrates our ability to
save energy while maintaining excellence performance levels. Secondly, the gradual certification

249


--- Page 38 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

of the Energy Management Systems in the various units according to international standard
ISO 50001, as in the case of the A Corufa refinery in 2011, shows the company's commit-
‘ment to efficient energy management with third parties. In accordance with expectations, the
Puertollano refinery achieved ISO 50001 certification in 2012.

Repsol aims to compile a company-wide footprint which implies expanding the scope of emis-
sion inventories to include its suppliers, customers and own activities. In 2012 progress was
‘made in CO emissions inventories, verifying more than 90% of these emissions according
to international standard ISO 14064.

Repsolis the leading company in the energy sector in terms of carbon management perfor-
mance, according to the global index of the Climate Disclosure Project. This is the third
time in five years that the company has been recognized for its carbon management and
energy efficiency efforts, and in the past five years Repsol has been the company with the
greatest presence in the Climate Disclosure Leadership Index (CDLI), the most prestigious
international climate change benchmark. The management of risks and opportunities asso-
ciated with climate change, improving energy efficiency, and the development of greenhouse
gas emissions inventories, are some of the aspects for which the company has received
recognition.

Communication

Repsol believes that communication is a key element in its relationship with society, and, in
order to adequately manage it, makes available to its main stakeholders various online and
offline tools with which to report effectively and transparently on its activities and businesses.
The current context is marked by a shift of audiences to digital media and a proliferation of new
Internet leads, although the press and news agencies maintain their position as generators of
influence and opinion. Users tend to seek their own information sources and the traditional
news cycleis vanishing owing to new social network channels. In this context, Repsol is betting
on a communications strategy that is based on proximity, truthfulness and speed as the main
principles of its Communications Executive Managing division.

Shareholders and investors

These groups have numerous means at their disposal to access the company's financial and
operating information and facts that may affect the value of their shares. Since it became a
listed company in 1989, Repsol has maintained an Investor Information Bureau (acronym in
Spanish, OIA) and an Investor Relations Management, through which it serves its investors,
both current and prospective, and securities analysts, for both variable and fixed rate offerings.
In recent years, analyst coverage of the company has greatly increased, reaching a total of 40
active followers of the company's evolution

In order to satisfy its minority shareholders’ information needs, Repsol has the OIA service.
Shareholders can personally visit the bureau, cal the free line 900 100 100 or write via regular
post or email, in arder to obtain any information required. The OIA answered some 45,000
callsin 2012 (an average of 170 per day). The most frequent questions concerned share values,
the General Shareholders’ Meeting, dividend payment policies and dates, the evolution of
preference shares and relevant company facts

Moreover, all the relevant information can be found on the corporate website (www.
repsol.com), as well as specific contents in the “Shareholders and investors” section.
This section had more than 390,000 visits in 2012. The website also includes a number of
email addresses (the generic address is infoaccionistas@repsol.com), to which inquiries
can be addressed and at which publications can be requested. In 2012 these mailboxes
received over 6,000 emails.

The Investor Relations Management also constantly communicates with institutional investors
and financial analysts. Throughout the year several roadshows (visits to different cities to visit
institutional investors) were held in Europe, America and Asia, with the participation of senior
executives, and members of the Investor Relations team. We visited a total of 488 institutional
investors in 34 different cities worldwide. Moreover, Repsol attended 22 sector conferences,
both in Europe and in the United States, during which meetings with institutional investors
were also set up. If these visits are added to the investors we received at the company's
offices, this makes a total of approximately goo institutional investors contacted during 2012.

250

CORPORATE AREAS

Additionally in 2012, in an effort to update access to company information for the financial
community, an application was developed for shareholders and investors to consult informa-
tion using mobile devices (tablets and smartphones). This application can be downloaded
for free on Repsol's website.

Media

The aim of the Communication and Chairman's Office Executive Managing division is to
serve the media under the principles of transparency, proximity, rigor and truthfulness.
To this end, Repsol has various channels through which it manages information requests
from the media

The main activities of the Repsol Group in 2012 were made known to the media through some
60 press releases, all of which are available in the corporate website Press Room (www.repsol
com). The more that 70 press releases issued by the five industrial facilities in Spain, those
issued in countries where the company operated, those pertaining to sports sponsorship
projects, and those relative to specific businesses, such as liquated petroleum gas (LPG) or
the Repsol Foundation, should also be taken into account.

In order to maintain a close relationship with communications media, in 2012 a number of
press conferences and information sessions were held. One highlight was the presentation
by the president of Repsol, Antonio Brufau, of the Strategic Plan 2012-2016, which took place
on May 29, Also, on April 18, media professionals attended the opening of the expansion of
the Cartagena refinery at a ceremony presided by the Prince of Asturias.

The corporate website includes a Press Room where information about the Repsol Group
and its activites is available to media professionals. In addition to press releases, it includes
graphic and multimedia files, publications, specific dossiers and newsletters intended for
journalists from all over the world

In 2012 News was consolidated: a new tool for media relations, created in 2011 to provide
Repsol stories and projects from a point of view less concerned with current events, but
rather of a didactic nature. News is sent to more than 2,000 journalists and has been warmly
received by them,

During the year the well-known book How the Energy Industry Works was again translated
into Spanish and distributed among journalists, institutions, universities and associations,
as well as in Repsol offices all over the world. It is an educational work, and thus comprises
an everyday tool for anyone who is not an energy expert.

In order to respond to journalists’ requests for information, the Communications Execu:
tive Managing division makes available to them an email address (prensa@repsol.com),
through which more than 4,000 inquiries and requests for information were received in
2012. This figure demonstrates the high media interest in Repsol activities. By means of
this channel, the company answers, on a daily basis, quickly and effectively, to the many
requests from the media

This communication effort has allowed Repsol to be the best-regarded company in the energy
sector by journalists, according to the Ipsos Public Affairs study performed in the last quarter
of the year to measure the corporate reputation of major Spanish companies

Looking ahead, the challenges of communication will revolve around new forms of
communication, the mass dissemination of content through multiple globally-driven
channels, the need for integrated communication strategies and at the same time
specific strategies for each support— the growing importance of news monitoring and
analysis, and the growing demand for in-house materials such as computer graphics,
reports and videos.

Repsol on the Internet

2012 was a year of progress in digital communications for the company. The generation of
content in multiple formats and for all devices and the optimization of the users' experi-
ence, were consolidated as the main guidelines for each of Repsol's actions in the digital
environment.

‘One remarkable milestone was the major renovation of the corporate website, This began with
a complete overhaul of the home page, allowing the effective presentation of the company
thanks to a clear information hierarchy. The design has taken into consideration the perspec-
tive of the many types of users visiting the website and who expect to access information
quickly and simply

251


--- Page 39 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Coinciding with the presentation of the Strategic Plan 2012-2016, which accompanied the
company's new vision and brand change, in May 2012 there was a profound renewal of the
repsol.cam portal. Changes were made from a design point of view, adjusting the layout to
the new identity, and from a content viewpoint - including information to help communicate
the strategic plan and new vision. Another milestone in 2012 was adaptation of all content
related to YPF afier the expropriation, especially regarding the company's global presence,
financial information and commercial offer.

The introduction of a new Products and Services channel is another achievement for the year.
This is a radical change that boosts the communication of the products and services provided
by Repsol. Thanks to its segmented profiles it allows current and potential customers easily
and intuitively to access content designed exclusively for them. Engaging content that brings
customers closer to the company's commitment to innovation, quality, customer service
and the environment

One highlight is the area of themed content with the consolidation of the trust and empathy
relations generated by the Repsol Guide and Repsol Racing channels thanks to the interac-
tion with users and the creation of interesting, engaging and fun content. With over 146,000
followers on the major social networks: Facebook, Twitter, Googles, Flickr, YouTube, Instagram
and Pinterest, the channels Guia Repsol and Box Repsol reaffirm their Internet standing and
demonstrate Repsal's increasing commitment to be close to its audiences, listen to them
and offer quality services,

Not forgetting the company's commitment to have a global presence in the multiple devices on
the market. In 2012, the Wines and Restaurants applications in the Repsol Guide, were joined
by three new apps: Box Repsol, for fans of the racing world, Copilot, as travelling companion,
and Investor Relations for the investing public. Furthermore, the Repsol Guide was one of
the applications available at the worldwide launch of Windows 8

Accordingly, thanks to its untiring work in the dynamic digital environment, repsol.com
remains a leader in digital communications and continues to consolidate itself as means of
corporate communication, with an average monthly audience of 2 million unique users, 3.5
million visits and 37 million page views.

Intangible assets management

The balance of the factors that drive the success of a company has changed significantly
from what it was in the past. Before, good financial results were enough to ensure success.
Today, economic performance depends heavily on winning the trust of the organizations
‘most significant stakeholders.

In this context, building trust involves having strong and differentiated brands, capable of
‘meeting the stakeholders’ expectations through excellent corporate conduct and timely and
relevant communications, The brand is a promise made to those stakeholders, who will
validate it with their experience. Reputation is the value judgment they have in the company.
A good reputation will produce greater willingness and recommendations to invest in, work
with and use the company's products and services

For these reasons, one of Repsol's priorities is the professional management of both these
intangible assets: brand and reputation. This task falls to the Intangible Assets division, with
the main objective of integrating the sensitive social context with the company's business
and communications activities to achieve the strategic targets established

In 2012 Repsol presented its new vision, the result of a rigorous and participatory process
that defined how it wanted the company to be and how it wanted to be recognized. This
statement reflects the change that was already under way and, in turn, sets the path for its
future as an organization

The new vision and values that underpin Repsol's position are the foundation forits recognition
model and action plan for reputation management.

Repsol is a company at the forefront of managing this intangible asset, recognized as the
company with the third-best reputation in Spain by the prestigious Spanish Corporate Repu-
tation Monitor (MERCO).

‘As a founding sponsor of the Corporate Excellence Foundation: Center for Reputation Leader-
ship, Repsol is part of a think tank focused on the awareness of major themes and advances
in reputation management. The foundation brings together large Spanish companies to
exchange ideas, learning and best practices

252

CORPORATE AREAS

In line with the most advanced international companies, this management is seen from 2
three-tier perspective: top management as the main driver, a specialized division for reputation
management and cross-cutting scope as a prerequisite for success

Repsol's Reputation unit addresses the most important aspects of reputation management:
understanding the social context (off and online), metrics, reputational risks, recognition
boosting and communication

Another key component in the Repsol's cultural change process, emerging from its new
rationale, is the revitalization of the company's brand and visual identity systems.

With this new vision as a departure point and with the participation of its business and corpo-
rate areas, the Branding Plan that started in 2011 has led to the optimization of the logo and
the enhancement of the different elements of identity

In 2012 the new brand and visual identity was launched and deployment has started in the
service station network, products, buildings and all the company's areas worldwide

‘One of the most visible applications is Repsol's new corporate headquarters in Madrid, that
offers a new way to relate with the brand, The keys to this new brand strategy are implicit in
throughout the entire design and construction process. The new brand is embodied in each
of the four buildings that make up the compound, where the four corporate colors are applied
and give their names to each of the buildings.

Sports sponsorship

For yet another year, Repsol has been the main protagonist of Motorcycle World Champion:
ship, the most demanding international motorsports event which is the best testing ground
for Repsol's fuels and lubricants. It is precisely the experience acquired in the development
of specific products for top competitions that enables Repsol to remain a leader in research
and thus be capable of fullling its customers’ highest expectations.

Great results were achieved in the 2012 season thanks to the performance of the Repsol riders
who participated in numerous international competitions. In MotoGP, the Repsol Honda
Team was the team World Champion. Dani Pedrosa, in what was his best year, was second
in this category and Casey Stoner came third overall. The Repsol team completed a brilliant
season: its drivers reached the podium in 12 of the 18 races

In the Moto2 class, Marc Marquez managed to win the championship. His presence, beside
Dani Pedrosa on the Repsol Honda team in MotoGP for the 2013 season will be a clear guar-
antee of the company's sponsorship success.

In the Motos category, Alex Rins was the best rookie in his class and the rest of our young
riders finished in the top 10, excelling in many World Championship races.

AAs part of its objective to promote grassroots sport, Repsol cosponsored the Campeonato
de Espafia de Velocidad (CEV), where a very young rider, Alex Marquez, sponsored by Repsol,
was proclaimed champion.

Repsol won the Trial Indoor and Outdoor World Championship in the men's category for
another year. Toni Bou has won eleven World Championships and became, at the age of 27,
the most successful rider in the history of this specialty sport

Repsol is a company committed to Olympic sports through its collaboration with the ADO
plan, which helps many young sportspeople to live the dream of taking part in the Olympic
Games. London 2012 reflected the good level of Spanish sport.

Repsol also has a training sponsorship program. Through this program it seeks to support
youth education through scholarships for mechanical and engineering studies at the Monlau
‘Competition school.

For the second year running, sponsorship was given to the Repsol aerobatics team, which
became Spanish champion and took part in several national and international air shows, one
of them on the occasion of the opening of the expansion at the Cartagena refinery.

Support also continued for the classic car team, the Repsol Classic Team.

253


--- Page 40 ---

CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT REPORT

Repsol’s new headquarters

The construction of the new Repsol headquarters concluded in May 2012. This was followed
by the relocation of 3,800 people who were previously distributed in eleven separate buildings
in Madrid, which took four months.

Campus Repsol is, from the design phase of the project, a benchmark in sustainability and
accessibility that reflects Repsol's culture and values and is an example of the spirit of excel-
lence and commitment to serve. The new headquarters reflects the company's unique culture:
the vocation to becoming a global company that seeks individual welfare and believes in the
construction of a better future through the development of intelligent energy.

Its design, with an exterior steel framework structure, allows uninterrupted indoor spaces
in which to work better and more efficiently. The central green space provides contact with
nature and facilitates communication between all the company's areas, while helping to create
a workspace that encourages integration and coexistence.

The building is a pioneer in terms of sustainability, as evidenced by the LEED certification
from the Green Building Council

From the outset, the project was designed with people in mind. During the construction
phase, the frequency rate of accidents with medical leave was 5,5. This is ten times less than
the industry average and marks another milestone in the construction field in Spain.

The new Repsol headquarters has a ground floor plus four office and service floors. The project
comprises more than 5,000 square meters, which provide various services for employees. It
also has two underground floors and parking facilities for up to 1,800 vehicles, 200 motorcy-
cles and as many bicycles. The buildings form a cloister with a central garden of nearly 11,000
square meters. In addition, a new green area for the public has been created in the business
campus perimeter.

For the first time in the history of Repsol, all the business areas are working together in one
space, creating synergies in an architectural and landscaping environment that encourages
a teamwork culture.

Finally, on January 31, 2013 the Campus Repsol was officially opened by the Prince of Asturias.

254

255

CORPORATE AREAS
