

--- Page 1 ---

Highlights 2012

Market

>

Swisscom intends to drive forward fibre-optic expansion

outside major urban centres by rolling out Fibre to the Street.

Conclusion of mobile frequency auction: Swisscom creates a sound basis for
further expansion of the mobile network.

Swisscom becomes the first company in Switzerland to launch the
high-speed 4G/LTE mobile communications standard in twelve Swiss cities.
Swisscom wins connect magazine’s network test for the fourth year ina
row, proving once again that it is Swiss market leader in mobile
communications.

Products and services

>

New mobile subscriptions (infinity): unlimited phoning, texting and
Internet surfing to all networks — all for a fixed fee.

Swisscom builds a state-of-the-art and environmentally friendly data centre
in Berne-Wankdorf.

New features for Swisscom TV: catch up TV, remote control using
the iPad, access to personal recordings while on the move.

552,000 households and businesses already connected to the
high-speed fibre-optic network.

Fastweb invests in fibre-optic network expansion in Italy.

Swisscom tests Fibre to the Street in the three municipalities of
Grandfontaine (JU), Charrat (VS) and Flerden (GR) with a view to
speeding up the rollout of the fibre-optic network in Switzerland.
Swisscom releases the first interactive building automation system
on the market — Quing Home.

Since December, Swisscom DSL customers have received

digital TV free of charge: Swisscom TV light offers access to over

60 TV channels, including 22 in HD.

Swisscom introduces new shop concept with more personalised
advice and the option of trying out products live on site.

This concept will be rolled out in all Swisscom shops by 2014.
Crystal-clear voice quality on mobile phones: Swisscom launches HD Voice.


--- Page 2 ---

Business review

> Andreas K6nig becomes new CEO of Swisscom IT Services.

> Jurgen Galler becomes Swisscom’s new Chief Strategy Officer.

> Urs Schaeppi is appointed Head of Swisscom Switzerland by the
Swisscom Board of Directors and assumes control of Swiss business
as of 1 January 2013.

> Barbara Frei, Country Manager of ABB S.p.A., Sesto San Giovanni and
Regional Manager of the Mediterranean region, is appointed
a Member of the Swisscom Board of Directors.

> Swisscom and the social partners agree on a new collective
employment agreement.

> Swisscom acquired Datasport Ltd, a leading international
provider of services for recreational and mass sporting events.

Sustainability

> According to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, Swisscom is one of
the five most sustainable telecom companies in Europe.

> Swisscom becomes a partner of the recently opened Umwelt Arena in
Spreitenbach.

> Swisscom expands its vocational training scheme, and now offers over
900 training places in six vocational areas.

> Swisscom mobile aid: Swisscom collects around 170,000 old mobile phones. =
The proceeds from the resale of the devices go to a SOS Children’s Villages’
school in Ethiopia. 5

Highlights 2012


--- Page 3 ---

Business Overview

Swisscom’s financial reporting is based on the three operating
divisions: Swisscom Switzerland, Fastweb and Other operating

segments.

Swisscom Switzerland

The Residential Customers, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises, Corporate Business and Wholesale
divisions, as well as the Network & IT division, are reported separately under segment reporting.

In CHF million, except where indicated

2010 2011 2012 |

Net revenue

Segment result before depreciation and amortisation
Margin as % of net revenue

Capital expenditure in property,

plant and equipment and other intangible assets
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year

8,555 8,449 8,461
3,806 3,778 3,612
445 447 427

1,204 1,400 1,852!
11,716 12,096 11,827

+ Including expenses of CHF 360 million for mobile frequencies.

Residential Customers

The Residential Customers segment is the con-
tact partner for mobile and fixed-line customers.
It provides Switzerland with broadband access
lines, serves a growing number of Swisscom TV
subscribers and operates Switzerland’s most fre-
quently visited Internet portal www.bluewin.ch.
The Residential Customers segment offers tele-
phone, Internet and TV services—all froma single
source —and is also responsible for handset sales
and directories business.

Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises

The Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises seg-
ment offers a comprehensive range of products
and services — from fixed-line and mobile
telephony to Internet and data services to IT
infrastructure maintenance and operation.
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises receive
bespoke integrated solutions: suitable connec-
tions, secure access, professional services and
intelligent networks.

Corporate Business

Whether voice or data, mobile or fixed network,
individual products or integrated solutions, as
a leading provider in the field of business com-

munications, the Corporate Business segment
supports customers with the planning, imple-
mentation and operation of their IT and com-
munications infrastructure, including the pro-
vision of cost-efficient solutions and reliable
services.

Wholesale

The Wholesale segment provides various ser-
vices for other telecommunications providers,
such as regulated access to the “last mile” as
well as commercial voice, data and broadband
products. The Wholesale segment also covers
roaming with foreign providers.

Network & IT

The Network & IT segment builds, operates and
maintains Swisscom’s countrywide fixed net-
work and mobile communications infrastruc-
ture. It is also responsible for the associated IT
platforms, and is driving forward migration of
the networks to an integrated IT and IP-based
platform (All IP). Network & IT also provides
support functions for Swisscom Switzerland;
expenses incurred are not charged to the indi-
vidual segments. The Network & IT segment
therefore only reports expenses but no revenue.


--- Page 4 ---

Fastweb

Fastweb is one of the largest broadband
telecom companies in Italy.

In EUR million, except where indicated 2010 2011 2012 |
Net revenue 1,880 1,746 1,700
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation 430 506 500
Margin as % of net revenue 22.9 29.0 294
Capital expenditure in property,

plant and equipment and other intangible assets 427 448 441
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year 3,123 3,081 2,893

Fastweb provides products and services for voice, data, Internet and TV, as well as a full complement
of VPN and mobile communication services. Fastweb offers its services in all large towns and cities
in Italy and in all market segments. The services are provisioned directly via the company’s own
fibre-optic network or via unbundled access lines and wholesale products of Telecom Italia.

Other operating segments

Other operating segments mainly comprises Swisscom
participations and Swisscom IT Services, which is a leading
provider of IT services in Switzerland.

In CHF million, except where indicated 2010 2011 2012 |
Net revenue 1,708 1,708 1,728
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation 337 334 277
Margin as % of net revenue 19.7 19.6 16.0
Capital expenditure in property,

plant and equipment and other intangible assets 130 169 167
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year 4,368 4,515 4454

Other operating segments mainly comprises Swisscom IT Services, Swisscom Participations and
Swisscom Hospitality Services. Swisscom IT Services ranks as one of the leading providers special-
ising in the integration and operation of complex IT systems. Its core competencies are in the fields
of IT outsourcing services, workplace services, SAP services and finance services. Swisscom
Participations manages a portfolio of small and medium-sized enterprises, delivering services that
are mainly related to or help support Swisscom’s core business. Swisscom Hospitality Services
supports the hotel industry worldwide with innovative network and communication solutions.

Group Headquarters

Group Headquarters chiefly comprises the Group divisions Group Finance & Controlling, Group
Strategy & Business Development, Group Communications and Group Human Resources.

6|7

Introduction



--- Page 5 ---

Shareholders’ letter

Hansueli Loosli
(Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Swisscom Ltd, on the left and
Carsten Schloter

(CEO of Swisscom Ltd, on the right)

QwiseoPnclyH 465k back on a successful year. As in previous years,
growth was driven by Internet access and TV business. The commit-
ment demonstrated by our employees in continually improving
the customer experience is the foundation on which our success
on the market is based. 2012 was characterised by a high level of
investment in next-generation ICT networks, the positive outcome
of the mobile frequency allocation and the successful introduction
of new price plans in Switzerland. Swisscom’s Italian subsidiary
Fastweb is on course: adjusted for one-off items, revenue was up
slightly and EBITDA was up considerably on a like-for-like basis.

Marginal decline in operating profit

In 2012 Swisscom’s net revenue fell by CHF 83 million or 0.7% to CHF 11,384 million. Operating income
before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) declined by CHF 203 million or 4.4% to CHF 4,381 million.
Net income rose by CHF 1,068 million to CHF 1,762 million, which is primarily attributable to the impair-
ment loss recognised by Fastweb in the previous year. On a like-for-like basis and at constant exchange
rates, revenue was up 0.3% while EBITDA declined by 0.6%. Swisscom’s capital expenditure increased by
CHF 434 million or 20.7% to CHF 2,529 million. In its Swiss business, Swisscom generated net revenue
of CHF 9,268 million (+0.3%) and EBITDA of CHF 3,768 million (4.5%). After being adjusted for one-off
costs, EBITDA of the Swiss business declined by 2.1% on a like-for-like basis. Price erosion of around
CHF 400 million was offset by customer and volume growth. Capital expenditure in Switzerland
increased by CHF 457 million or 29.7% to CHF 1,994 million. The causes for the rise in capital expenditure
were the expansion of broadband networks and expenses of CHF 360 million forthe mobile frequencies
auctioned in the first quarter of 2012. Swisscom expects to close 2013 with net revenue of CHF 11.3 bil-
lion, EBITDA of at least CHF 4.25 billion and capital expenditure of CHF 2.4 billion.


--- Page 6 ---

Swisscom share performance in 2012

Taking the dividend into account, the Swisscom share achieved a total return of 16.8% over the course
of the year. The total return on the Swiss Market Index (SMI), which comprises the 20 leading listed
Swiss companies, amounted to 17.6% over the same period. The total return on the European Stoxx
Europe 600 Telco index fell by 4.8% in Swiss francs. Payment of an ordinary dividend of CHF 22 per
share (prior year: CHF 22) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders. This is
equivalent to a total dividend payout of CHF 1,140 million. Swisscom is thus upholding the principle
of continuity in its dividend policy.

A powerful vision driving developments in the ICT sector

Having a clear insight into what the future will bring is part of a long-term, sustainable strategy in the
unbelievably dynamic ICT market. At the centre of this strategy stands a vision: that of fulfilling the
need of our customers to be able to access digital data during the course of a day through a variety of
different devices for the purpose of keeping themselves informed, working, communicating and enter-
taining themselves. In the not-too-distant future, we will be able to access all our private and work-
related data and applications on all of these devices in real time. We will no longer have to worry about
synchronisation, nor will we need to wonder where our data are stored or whether our device supports
the application we want. The data and applications will always be available instantly on every device.
High-speed networks and state-of-the-art cloud services are making this possible. As simple and
appealing as such a vision may sound, it places high demands on our infrastructure. Nevertheless, it
is our mission to make this vision a reality. To do so requires large-scale investment: Swisscom invests
per inhabitant around three times more in infrastructure than its European counterparts.

Our business model is changing as a result of global competition

What was once a domestic market for telephony and news services is now a global market: providers
of online services such as Google, Apple and Microsoft & Co. can now offer all their services on our
networks thanks to the Internet protocol. Many of these services are free, because although these
providers rely on our networks, they don’t have to invest in them. This is forcing Swisscom to change
its business model and tap new fields of business. As a result, we now provide network access with
different performance features, allowing our customers to use all services on an unlimited basis via
this network connection. Thanks to our new infinity subscriptions, this is already a reality in the field
of mobile communication. Swisscom customers can simply choose between different data trans-
mission speeds. The new price plans have been a resounding success: by the end of 2012, around
889,000 customers had opted for one of these new mobile phone offerings in the last six months
of the year alone. This transition in our business model is already well underway and we are very opti-
mistic about the future. Offering our customers a business model that provides them with network
access and unlimited possibilities is a business with enormous potential for growth. The population
is growing, as is the number of devices and network connections per inhabitant. Our customers’
demands as regards the security and performance of their network access will continue to increase
in the coming years. At the same time, this business is subject to local and national competition.

Customer growth in the mobile sector — trend towards bundled offerings

The number of mobile customers in Switzerland increased by 168,000 or 2.8% year-on-year to
6.2 million. Swisscom sold 1.55 million mobile handsets (+6.7%), 68% of which were smartphones.
In general, the trend is towards bundled offerings. Customers appreciate being able to get their
fixed-line access, telephony, Internet and TV services all from a single source. By the end of 2012,
a total of 788,000 customers were using bundled offerings, around 28% more than the previous year.
The number of broadband lines with end customers grew by 66,000 or 4.0% year-on-year to 1.73 mil-
lion, while the number of Swisscom connections used by alternative providers declined somewhat
in 2012 to 486,000.

Leader in digital TV
Since 2011 Swisscom has been the leading provider of digital television in Switzerland. The focus of
this strategic pillar is on extending the core business along the value chain. Swisscom TV’s customer

9

8

Introduction



--- Page 7 ---

base increased by over 30.1% to 791,000 customers in 2012. The functionality and range of pro-
grammes offered by Swisscom TV were expanded in the year under review. Regional programmes
and national sporting events in particular are an effective means for Swisscom to distinguish itself
from international providers. In local competition with cable providers, Swisscom offers much higher
interactivity in its television services thanks to functionalities such as Catch Up TV, Pay per View and
the various apps.

New areas of business through IT expertise

The Group's subsidiary Swisscom IT Services, which offers a broad portfolio of IT services, has been
going from strength to strength in recent years. In IT outsourcing, Swisscom IT Services is now one
of the largest providers on the Swiss market. The company is the market leader in banking solutions,
with over 190 Swiss financial services providers now entrusting us with all their IT, which we operate
in our state-of-the-art data centres. Swisscom sees a growth market in the “Internet of Things”
(machine-to-machine); in future, machines will increasingly communicate with each other via the
Internet. In concrete terms, Swisscom expects that in a few years from now, over 100 million devices
will be connected to each other via the Internet in Switzerland. In addition, Swisscom is currently
tapping new fields of business in the healthcare and energy markets.

Fastweb on course again

2012 was a very good year for Fastweb. Adjusted for one-off items, revenue was up slightly by 0.5%
to EUR 1,613 million and EBITDA was up considerably by 11.1% to EUR 500 million on a like-for-like
basis. Fastweb was the only Italian provider to report customer growth in 2012. Over the course of
the year, it also further expanded its sales channels, intensified the partnership with pay-TV provider
Sky and extended the range of mobile communications products. Market share and customer
growth increased significantly in 2012 despite the adverse economic environment. In order to further
increase efficiency, Fastweb implemented various cost-cutting initiatives. The measures for reducing
bad debt losses were also further improved on those of the previous year. They are having a clear
positive effect and are contributing to the significant increase in the operating result. To enhance
its competitiveness, Fastweb will continue investing in fibre-optic expansion. Like Swisscom,
Fastweb is focusing on rolling out Fibre to the Street (FTTS) to complement its existing Fibre to the
Home (FTTH) network.

Strategic investments in infrastructure in Switzerland

The rapid growth in expectations resulting from the vision outlined at the beginning of this letter
regarding the security and performance of infrastructure open up a wide variety of ways to enhance
competitiveness through differentiation and growth opportunities. These necessitate long-term
investments in our infrastructure. Swisscom spent a total of CHF 1.63 billion in 2012 on enhancing
the performance and security of Swiss infrastructure, in particular the expansion of the fibre-optic
network. That is about CHF 100 million more than in 2011. Switzerland is excellently positioned by
international standards: according to an OECD study, Switzerland leads the world in terms of broad-
band penetration (OECD Broadband Portal, July 2012). By the end of 2012, around 552,000 homes
and businesses had been connected to the fibre-optic network. Swisscom plans to market
fibre-optic services more quickly in 2013. The number of homes and businesses connected to the
fibre-optic network is set to rise to around a million by 2015, representing a third of all Swiss house-
holds. Some of these connections are being realised in cooperation with power utility companies or
cable network operators. To enable all of Switzerland to benefit from a considerable increase in fixed
broadband performance, Swisscom is deploying a new fibre-optic technology, Fibre to the Street
(FTTS), which allows ultra high-speed broadband to be supplied more quickly and more efficiently.
Pilot testing is currently underway in Grandfontaine (JU), Flerden (GR) and Charrat (VS). With FTTS,
fibre-optic cable is laid to within a short distance of individual homes and businesses. This enables
bandwidths of up to 100 Mbps, with speeds as high as 400 Mbps expected in the next few years.
For the fourth time in succession, the trade journal connect has rated Swisscom as the best network
in Switzerland. The demand for bandwidth is continuing to grow rapidly. Mobile data traffic
increased by 85% in 2012, with a year-on-year increase of even 120% in the fourth quarter of 2012.


--- Page 8 ---

Swisscom is continuously investing in new mobile communication technologies. At the end of 2012,
Swisscom became the first provider in Switzerland to launch a 4G/LTE network, giving customers
with a 4G/LTE-enabled smartphone or notebook and a surf subscription even faster mobile Internet
access while on the move. The network was initially available in 26 different towns and cities.
Swisscom will push ahead with the further expansion of the 4G/LTE network next year: which should
cover 70% of Switzerland’s population by the end of 2013. Swisscom is again planning to increase cap-
ital expenditure in Swiss infrastructure in 2013, taking it toa record level of CHF 1.75 billion. This invest-
ment makes a major contribution towards ensuring that Switzerland, as an information and knowl-
edge society, will continue to boast one of the world’s best telecoms infrastructures in the future.

Sustainability as a key element in a long-term strategy

Sustainable management and long-term responsibility are firmly enshrined in Swisscom’s corporate
culture. Swisscom takes responsibility for the environment and the community — now and in the
future — and is one of the top five telecom companies in Europe in terms of sustainability. The com-
pany is aiming to improve its energy efficiency by 20% and thereby help realise the Swiss Confeder-
ation’s 2050 energy strategy. Swisscom promotes media skills among Switzerland’s general popu-
lation through initiatives such as “Internet for Schools” and media competency courses, enabling its
customers to navigate the digital world securely and responsibly. Sustainability is also an important
issue for our customers, as evidenced by the fact that corporate responsibility is a key driver of cus-
tomer satisfaction. In the year under review, Swisscom set binding targets for all its operating divi-
sions in Switzerland in order to fulfil the goals of our Corporate Responsibility Strategy in the four
strategic priority areas of “Sustainable living and working’, “Sustainable use of resources and respon-
sibility in the supply chain”, “Telecommunications for all” and “Responsible employer”. This year’s
sustainability report again meets the requirements of level A+ in accordance with the GRI Index.
Details about how Swisscom is meeting its objectives can be found in the section on “Corporate
Responsibility” in this Annual Report.

Modification of Group structure — management changes

Swisscom’s management structure was modified as of 1 January 2013 with the aim of strengthening
the management of the Swiss business and enhancing the Group's efficiency. Urs Schaeppi will head
up Swisscom Switzerland as of 1 January 2013 and will report to CEO Carsten Schloter. Urs Schaeppi
will continue in his current function as head of Corporate Business ad interim. As Chairman of the
Board of Directors of Swisscom Switzerland, Carsten Schloter continues to be closely involved in top-
ics of strategic importance for Swisscom Switzerland. In addition to strategic topics in the Swiss busi-
ness, the Group Executive Board will in future focus increasingly on further developing Swisscom IT
Services, Fastweb and innovations. Group Communications & Responsibility and Group Related Busi-
nesses, which includes growth businesses in the areas of health, energy and home networking, will
report directly to the CEO, who is also Chairman of the Boards of Directors of Swisscom IT Services
and Fastweb. The Board of Directors appointed Mario Rossi as the new Chief Financial Officer (CFO),
who previously headed Business Steering for Swisscom Switzerland. He is taking over from
Ueli Dietiker, who stepped down as CFO at his own request. Ueli Dietiker now heads up Group Related
Businesses and has also assumed other directorships at Swisscom. Andreas Konig was appointed
the new CEO of Swisscom IT Services. He replaces Eros Fregonas, who left Swisscom at the end of
April 2012. The Board of Directors also appointed Jurgen Galler as the new head of Group Strategy
& Innovation and member of the Swisscom Group Executive Board. He succeeds Daniel Ritz, who
left the company at the end of 2012.

Changes to the Board of Directors

Barbara Frei, Country Manager of ABB S.p.A., Sesto San Giovanni and Regional Manager of the
Mediterranean region, was appointed a member of the Board of Directors at the Annual General
Meeting in 2012. She replaces Othmar Vock, who had been a member of the Board of Directors for
seven years. We would like to express our sincere thanks to Othmar Vock for the formative work he
did as a member of the Board of Directors and as a member of various committees, as well as for
the role he played as Chairman of the Audit Committee.

10|11

Introduction



--- Page 9 ---

Financial outlook 2013

In 2013, Swisscom anticipates stable revenue of CHF 9.34 billion, excluding Fastweb. EBITDA (exclud-
ing Fastweb) is expected to decline to CHF 3.64 billion. A new standard for pension fund accounting
will lead to a CHF 110 million increase in costs not affecting cash flow. Furthermore, the steady
growth in customers and volumes will bring about an increase in direct costs, mainly in the acqui-
sition of new customers and the procurement of handsets. The maintenance and further expansion
of the network infrastructure will also result in a temporary increase in indirect costs.

In 2013, Swisscom expects capital expenditure (excluding Fastweb) to rise to CHF 1.75 billion. Capital
expenditure of CHF 1.65 billion in 2012 was CHF 50 million below the original forecast for the year.
Aslight acceleration in investment activity is anticipated in 2013, which should make up for the shortfall.
In 2013, Fastweb is forecast to enjoy stable growth in revenue in local currency, excluding hubbing,
of EUR 1.6 billion. EBITDA at Fastweb is expected to stay at the previous year's level of EUR 500 million.
Due to the expansion of the fibre-optic networks in Italy, investments are expected to rise to
EUR 550 million

Based on the current CHF/EUR exchange rate of 1.23, Swisscom therefore expects Group revenue of
around CHF 11.3 billion, EBITDA of at least CHF 4.25 billion and capital expenditure of around
CHF 2.4 billion

Ifalltargets are met, Swisscom will again propose a dividend of CHF 22 per share for the 2013 financial
year to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.

Thank you

We can look back on an intensive and successful year. We owe our achievements in 2012 to the trust
of our customers, the loyalty of our shareholders and the tireless dedication and commitment of
our employees. A warm thank you to you all.

Yours sincerely

Hansueli Loosli Carsten Schloter
Chairman of the Board of Directors CEO Swisscom Ltd
Swisscom Ltd


--- Page 10 ---

Management Commentary

Swisscom opens Up

new possibilities.
We make no compromises
when it comes to meeting
our customers needs, and
are committed to providing

quality and service.



--- Page 11 ---

Environment, strategy
and organisation

Capital market

Employees

Group financial review

Operating
segment results

Group financial position

Supplement and outlook

Risks

Business activities

General conditions

Group structure and organisation
Guiding principles

Corporate strategy

Value-oriented business management
Statement of added value

Swisscom share
Indebtedness
Financial calendar

Headcount
Personnel expense
Employment law framework

Key financial figures

Summary

Results of operations

Impact of exchange rate fluctuations

Segment revenue and results
Quarterly review 2011 and 2012

Financial position
Net asset position
Net debt

Capital expenditure

Events after the balance sheet date
Outlook

Risk management system
General statement on the risk situation
Risk factors



--- Page 12 ---

Environment, strategy and organisation

2)

See
www.swisscom.ch

Swisscom is Switzerland’s leading telecom provider and occupies
a strong market position in Italy via its subsidiary Fastweb.
Swisscom operates aggressively in a dynamic and increasingly
international market, makes no compromises when it comes to
meeting customer needs, and is committed to delivering quality
and service. Swisscom is investing heavily in the networks of the
future and thus in Switzerland.

Business activities

Company profile

Swisscom is Swiss market leader in the field of telecommunications. It is also one of the largest
companies in Switzerland and its shares are among the 20 largest and most liquid on the Swiss
equities market. Swisscom’s international activities are concentrated mainly in Italy. The majority
shareholder with a stake of 56.8% is the Swiss Confederation, which by law must hold a majority
of the capital and voting rights. Swisscom’s business strategy is geared to the long term and takes
into consideration of economic, ecological and social aspects. Sustainable management and long-
term responsibility are firmly enshrined in Swisscom’s corporate culture. Swisscom owes its busi-
ness success to the dedication and commitment of its 19,000-strong workforce, which continually
strives to develop new solutions for customers and the information society. Major investments in
network infrastructure ensure that Swisscom will continue to satisfy customer needs well into
the future.

Swisscom’s business activities are concentrated in Switzerland, where it generated around 80% of
net revenue in 2012. Swisscom offers customers a full complement of telecoms products and ser-
vices for fixed-line telephony, broadband, mobile communications and digital television, and is also
active in IT infrastructure outsourcing and communications infrastructure management for busi-
ness customers. In keeping with its mandate to provide basic service provision throughout the
country, Swisscom also maintains a presence in the more sparsely populated regions of Switzer-
land. Swisscom’s evolution to a multimedia company is reflected in the wide range of products
and services it offers through multiple sales channels. Customers can check out products and serv-
ices first hand and receive comprehensive advice in Swisscom’s own shops as well as in numerous
partner outlets. They can also obtain product information and order products and services at any-
time online via the Swisscom website. The digital customer centre, which is also accessible online,
allows customers to manage their personal details, subscriptions and bills on their own. Swisscom
can also be reached 24/7 via a free hotline.

Net revenue
Switzerland accounts for

% of total net revenue

14|15

Management commentary

Business environment, strategy and organisation


--- Page 13 ---

Swisscom Ltd

Swisscom fosters close ties with all stakeholder groups: shareholders, investors, employees, sup-
pliers, the general public, public authorities and, above all, its customers. Swisscom has long been
committed to its Swiss roots and endeavours to ensure that all citizens benefit from leading-edge
technologies. For this reason, Swisscom supports a solution-oriented approach, in the interest of
the common good and in the interest of the company.

Swisscom brand

The Swisscom brand was created in 1997 following the splitting of the former PTT into a postal
and telecommunications company and in anticipation of the forthcoming stock market flotation
in 1998. Since then it has continued to evolve. In spring 2008, Swisscom simplified the brand archi-
tecture in line with the company’s guiding principles and strategy, and since then all core-business
products and services have been offered in Switzerland under the Swisscom brand. Swisscom oper-
ates under a range of other brands in related business fields, and in Italy the Fastweb brand com-
mands a strong position.

9 swisscom

Swisscom Switzerland Fastweb Swisscom IT Services Swisscom Participations | Others

9 swisscom FASTIMES 9 swisscom 9 swisscom 9 swisscom
we

re E PT webcall"

alphapay work-Link

local? ES i

cablex

urabill,
pATArF PORT ®
ipa
evita
sicap

Since its inception Swisscom has consistently pursued a strategy of growing the Swisscom brand
from a telecoms and IT brand to an integrated brand positioned more broadly to cover the entire
spectrum of telecoms, IT, media and entertainment. The success of Swisscom TV in particular has
confirmed the Swisscom brand’s competence in the field of digital entertainment. New interfaces
such as the TV Guide app have boosted the innovative character of the brand, which is now firmly
established as a trusted companion for Swisscom customers in a rapidly changing digital world.
According to customer surveys, the Swisscom brand is among the most trustworthy of Swiss
brands. It is perceived as authentic, reliable and of a high quality, is firmly anchored among con-
sumers and scores by far the best marks in the “top of mind” survey, well ahead of the competition.
The brand's strength was once again confirmed in the year under review in a comparison of leading
Swiss brands. According to the Interbrand “Best Swiss Brands 2012” study, the Swisscom brand is
valued at CHF 4.8 billion, putting it in sixth place on the list of Switzerland’s leading brands.

The traditional cornerstones of the Swisscom brand are quality, trust and service. Swisscom’s daily
contact with customers and its commitment to sustainability, which it honours continuously
through numerous initiatives and activities, featured again as themes in the company’s commu-
nications in 2012 and have enhanced its brand identity.



--- Page 14 ---

ie)

See
www.swisscom.ch/
network-coverage

Swisscom’s network infrastructure

Network infrastructure in Switzerland

Switzerland boasts one of the best IT and telecoms infrastructures worldwide. According to an
OECD study, Switzerland leads the world in terms of broadband penetration (OECD Broadband
Portal, July 2012). Mobile broadband coverage now extends to virtually the entire population, and
Swisscom is by far the leading fixed and mobile network operator in Switzerland.

The fixed network comprises two levels: an access network and a transport network. The access
network consists of 1,500 local exchanges and 3.4 million subscriber access lines to end customers.
Swisscom started many years ago to upgrade the fixed network with fibre-optic cables. In a first
step fibre-optic cables were laid between the local exchanges, from where they were extended to
neighbourhood cabinets. Most subscriber access lines consist of copper cables. Thanks to this tech-
nology, 91% of homes and businesses receive Swisscom TV, 84% even in high-definition quality.
Many large companies and office complexes have already had fibre connections for quite a few
years. Since autumn 2008, Swisscom has been extending access to residential customers (fibre to
the home, FTTH) and small and medium-sized enterprises. By the end of 2012, some 552,000
homes and businesses were connected with FTTH. By the end of 2015, this figure is set to rise to
around a million, or around one third of all households in Switzerland. Swisscom is also planning
to systematically expand the broadband network throughout Switzerland by rolling out fibre to
the street (FTTS). FTTH rollout is generally carried out in cooperation with local partners —as a rule,
power utility companies.
In mobile communications Swisscom has access to a frequency spectrum covering all common
frequency bands between 800 and 2,600 MHz, enabling it to deploy GSM, UMTS and LTE technolo-
gies over the long term as the need arises. All mobile frequencies for the period up to the end of
2028 were newly allocated or allocated for the first time in an auction conducted in February 2012.
Swisscom has therefore secured access to 42% of the entire mobile spectrum. It has also equipped
all of its sites with mobile antennas using second- or third-generation technologies such as EDGE,
UMTS or HSPA/HSPA+. And in 2012, Swisscom became the first mobile provider in Switzerland to
launch fourth-generation LTE technology on a commercial basis. LTE technology could serve in
future as an alternative to the fixed network in more sparsely populated areas. Mobile data traffic
grew by 85% in 2012, driven by the continuing penetration of smartphones, new devices such as
tablets, and new price plans (infinity subscriptions).

Mobile data traffic is Investments in enhancing security and
increasing every year. performance in the Swiss infrastructure and
Data volume is growing expanding the fibre-optic network
year-on-year by around totalled

5, LOO. 1.63 wc:

16 | 17

Management commentary

Business environment, strategy and organisation


--- Page 15 ---

To address this growing demand Swisscom is continually expanding its broadband network,
extending the product range and increasing the number of antenna sites. Swisscom is committed
to deploying modern, needs-appropriate technologies in order to ensure efficiency and compliance
with up-to-date zoning requirements, while also minimising emissions. Swisscom’s rollout of LTE
marks a further important technological step into the future. Wherever possible, site expansion
is coordinated with third-party mobile providers. Swisscom already shares around 21% of its nearly
6,400 antenna sites with other providers. And with around 1,800 hotspots across Switzerland,
Swisscom is also the country’s leading provider of public wireless local area networks.

By 2015, Swisscom plans to boost energy efficiency by 20% compared to 1 January 2010, using a raft
of measures aimed at optimising the energy consumption and cooling of network platforms and
infrastructure installations. By the end of 2012, Swisscom had increased energy efficiency by 15%
versus 1 January 2010.

Network infrastructure in Italy

Fastweb’s network infrastructure comprises an all-IP fibre-optic network that extends over a dis-
tance of more than 33,000 kilometres. Fastweb reaches more than half of the Italian population
with its own fixed-line infrastructure, with around two million or 10% of urban homes and busi-
nesses enjoying fibre-optic coverage (FTTH).

Fastweb aims to build on the competitive advantage afforded by its own infrastructure, substan-
tially expand network coverage and improve profitability. Under a cooperation agreement with
Telecom Italia, Fastweb intends to target investments of around EUR 400 million in fibre-optic
expansion by the end of 2016. The focus will be on rolling out fibre to the street (FTTS) with the
aim of providing around 20% of Italian households with ultra high-speed broadband by the end
of 2016. Fastweb also offers its own mobile communications services under an agreement with
a third-party mobile virtual network operator (MVNO).


--- Page 16 ---

General conditions

Macroeconomic environment

Swisscom’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows are primarily influenced by
macroeconomic factors: in particular, economic trends, interest rates, exchange rates and capital
markets.

Economy

While 2012 saw a recovery in the general economic situation following the global economic crisis,
concerns about future global economic development started rising again towards the end of year.
The European debt crisis remains unsolved, and social tensions are growing, especially in southern
European countries. There is the risk of weak economic growth in 2013.

Gross domestic product Switzerland, rolling in CHF billion

600

585

570

555

540

2008

594.1

586.7 eo

574.3

567.8

554.3

2009 2010 2011 2012

In Switzerland gross domestic product (GDP) grew by around 1% in 2012. Because Switzerland as
a small and open economy is unable to detach itself from the global economy, prospects have
become bleaker. A substantial share of Swisscom’s revenue from fixed and broadband lines as well
as mobile subscriptions is based on fixed monthly fees. Short-term economic fluctuations there-
fore have little impact on these revenue items. On the other hand, project business with business
customers and revenue from international roaming are more subject to cyclical factors. If eco-
nomic growth in Switzerland remains sluggish or if a recession sets in, the effect on consumer
demand for telecoms services is likely to be negative.

Interest rates

For many years the general level of interest rates in Switzerland has been lower than in most other
industrialised countries. The country’s expansive monetary policy has pushed down interest rates
further. The yield on ten-year government bonds is now around 0.6%.

Development of interest rates in Switzerland Yield on government bonds for 10 years in %

4.00

3.00

2.00

1.00

0.00

2008

0.58

2009 2010 2011 2012

Swisscom’s debt financing costs benefit from low interest rates. Average interest expense on finan-
cial liabilities is around 2.5% and the average term to maturity is around four years.

18 |19

Management commentary
nt, strategy and organisation

Business envir


--- Page 17 ---

Market-based interest rates influence the valuation of various items in the Swisscom consolidated
financial statements, such as goodwill (Fastweb), defined benefit obligations and non-current pro-
visions for dismantlement and restoration costs. Interest levels also have a material impact on
returns and thus on the financial situation of the Swisscom pension fund.

Exchange rates

There was no further appreciation in the value of the Swiss franc against currencies of key relevance
for Swisscom’s operations in 2012. The Swiss National Bank (SNB) adhered to the minimum
CHF/EUR exchange rate of 1.20.

Development of exchange rate at the end of period CHF/EUR

2.00
175
150
1.25

1.00

See
www.swisscom.ch/
investor/en

2008

2009 2010 2011 2012

Swisscom’s business activities in Switzerland are not materially influenced by currency move-
ments. Only a small share of revenue is generated in foreign currencies. The procurement of hand-
sets and technical equipment as well as roaming charges for the use of fixed networks and mobile
networks abroad by Swisscom customers give rise to transaction risks in foreign currencies
(notably EUR and USD), which are largely hedged by forward foreign exchange transactions.
Outstanding financial liabilities are denominated almost exclusively in Swiss francs. Currency
translations in respect of foreign Group companies, in particular Fastweb in Italy, affect the pres-
entation of the financial position and results of operations in the consolidated financial state-
ments. Cumulative currency translation adjustments in respect of foreign subsidiaries recognised
in consolidated equity remained unchanged year-on-year at around CHF 2.0 billion (before deduc-
tion of tax effect).

Capital market

International equity markets performed positively in 2012, with the SMI rising by around 15%.
Bond markets profited from a further drop in interest rates. Swisscom holds surplus liquidity in
the form of cash and cash equivalents and short-term money-market investments. There are no
direct financial investments in equities, bonds or other non-current financial assets. The assets of
around CHF 7.8 billion held by comPlan, Swisscom’s legally independent Swisscom pension fund,
which are invested in equities, bonds and other investment categories, are subject to capital mar-
ket risks and therefore indirectly affect the financial position presented in Swisscom’s consolidated
financial statements.


--- Page 18 ---

See
wwwaadmin.ch/
documentation

See
wwwaadmin.ch/
documentation

See
wwwaadmin.ch/
documentation

Legal and regulatory environment

Swisscom’s legal framework

Swisscom is a public limited company with special status under Swiss law. It is organised in com-
pliance with the Telecommunications Enterprise Act, company law and the company’s articles of
incorporation, and its business operations are governed primarily by telecommunications and
broadcasting legislation. Swisscom is also subject to rules governing business as a whole, namely
competition law. As a listed company, Swisscom is also required to comply with capital market
legislation.

Telecommunications Enterprise Act (TEA) and relationship

with the Swiss Confederation

As of 1 January 1998 the former operations of Swiss Telecom PTT were legally transformed into
“Swiss Post” and “Swisscom Ltd” (hence the term “public limited company with special status”).
Under the terms of the TEA and the company’s articles of incorporation, Swisscom is responsible
for the provision of domestic and international telecommunications and broadcast services as
well as related products and services. The TEA requires the Swiss Confederation to hold a majority
of the capital and voting rights in Swisscom. For the Swiss Confederation to give up its majority
shareholding, the TEA would need to be amended. Swisscom is also obliged to draw up a collective
employment agreement in consultation with the employee associations. Moreover, every four
years the Federal Council defines the goals which the Swiss Confederation, as principal share-
holder, aims to achieve (for example in terms of maximum indebtedness, returns to shareholders
and shareholdings outside Switzerland). The current goal period runs from 2010 to 2013. To guar-
antee transparency the goals are made public to other investors. The aims of the Swiss Confederation
are incorporated in the strategic and operating targets set by the Swisscom Board of Directors.

Telecommunications Act

The telecommunications act governs the conditions under which market-dominant providers of
telecoms services are required to make their network available to other providers. The act covers
a comprehensive catalogue of access types and in the area of the “last mile” is restricted to copper
cables. The access services cited in the act must be offered at regulated conditions and in particular
at cost-based prices. In addition to network access, the act governs universal service provision, lay-
ing down the framework for the reliable and affordable provision of basic telecommunications to
all sections of the population in all regions of the country. The scope of services as well as the
related quality and pricing requirements are determined periodically by the Federal Council. The
universal service provision licence granted to Swisscom by the Federal Communications Commission
(ComCom) in 2007 runs until 2017. The Telecommunications Act also governs conditions for use
of the radio frequency spectrum.

Competition law/Federal Cartel Act

The Cartel Act prohibits anti-competitive agreements between companies, provides for sanctions
in the event of abuse by companies of their market-dominant position, and prohibits business
combinations that result in the elimination of competition. Discrimination of trading partners
with respect to prices or other business conditions is considered to be an example of unlawful
conduct.

Capital market law

The shares of Swisscom Ltd are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange in Zurich. In addition, Swisscom
has issued bonds which are also traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Swisscom is therefore required
to comply with Swiss stock market legislation and regulations. The company is also subject to reg-
ulations governing accounting and financial reporting as well as rules relating to ad-hoc publicity
and the disclosure of transactions in Swisscom securities by members of the Board of Directors
and the Group Executive Board. Shareholdings in Swisscom must also be disclosed if they exceed
or fall below a certain limit.

Regulatory developments in Switzerland in 2012

Ongoing proceedings relating to telecommunications and competition legislation

In recent years, a number of proceedings relating to telecommunications and competition law
have been initiated against Swisscom. In spring 2012, the Federal Administrative Court upheld
two rulings issued by the Federal Communications Commission (ComCom) in March 2010 con-
cerning the regulation of leased lines. The court established that Swisscom is market-dominant

20 | 21

Management commentary

t, strateg

y and o}



--- Page 19 ---

in all transmission technologies (including Ethernet services) and bandwidths, with the exception
of point-to-point connections where connectivity is offered by at least two alternative service
providers besides Swisscom. The Federal Administrative Court also lowered access prices for leased
lines with bandwidths between 2 Mbps and 10 Gbps (excluding Ethernet services) by 15 to 30%
Q forthe years 2007 to 2009. Ongoing legal proceedings in connection with the Telecommunications

St rt
pages 195-197 Act and Cartel Act are described in the notes 28 and 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

Preliminary clarifications concerning FTTH (fibre to the home)

In 2011 the Secretariat of the Competition Commission (ComCo) launched a preliminary enquiry
into cooperation projects between Swisscom and power utility companies in six Swiss cities and
the canton of Fribourg for the joint construction of the fibre-optic infrastructure (FTTH). Proceed-
ings relating to the cities of Basel, Berne, Lucerne, St Gallen and Zurich were concluded in 2011,
followed by the city of Geneva and the canton of Fribourg in February 2012. The ComCo Secretariat
concluded that certain clauses could contain indications of anti-competitive practices. The agree-
ments have been modified by Swisscom to largely address the concerns of the competition authority.
No anti-trust proceedings in the area of FTTH are therefore pending.

Invitation by ComCom to tender for mobile communication frequencies

At the request of the Federal Communications Commission (ComCom), the Federal Office of
Communications (OFCOM) put all frequency blocks available for mobile communications up for
auction. Besides Swisscom, mobile operators Orange and Sunrise also participated in the auction.
For the auctioned frequency packages, the Swiss Confederation received a total of CHF 996 million
from participants. Swisscom successfully bid for 42% of the available mobile frequencies, paying
CHF 360 million and acquiring all the desired frequency blocks. Compared to the present, in future
Swisscom will have approximately double the size of frequency spectrum at its disposal for the
mobile network. The mobile licences newly issued by ComCom will run until the end of 2028.

Telecommunications market evaluation

In 2012 the Federal Council published a follow-up report to its 2010 telecom markets evaluation
in which it concluded that Switzerland essentially enjoys adequate provision of telecom services
and that a number of improvements have been made since 2010. However, the Federal Council
also considers that the rapid pace of technological change will ultimately render futile the rules
originally relating to traditional technologies such as copper cables. For this reason it advocates a
technology-neutral structuring of the legal framework in order to address the new challenges fac-
ing the telecoms market. With this in mind, it intends during the current legislative period to com-
mission a consultation paper to be drafted with a view to a partial revision of the Telecommuni-
cations Act (TA).

Revision of the Ordinance on Telecommunications Services (OTS)

In its response to parliamentary question in November 2011, the Federal Council announced that
it would submit various cost calculation methods for consultation in 2012 in view of a revision of
the Ordinance on Telecommunications Services (OTS). For this reason the Federal Office of
Communications (OFCOM) carried out two surveys of experts in the year under review in which
the overwhelming majority of those taking part spoke out against the valuation of the network
elements at replacement cost.

Roaming

On 20 September 2011, contrary to the Federal Council's proposal, the National Council approved
the motion calling for “an end to exorbitant mobile charges abroad”. The motion calls for the Federal
Council to fix binding maximum tariffs to be adopted by all telecoms providers for incoming and
outgoing calls, SMS messages and data transfers over mobile devices when used abroad, in line
with the requirements imposed by the European Union. The Advisory Committee of the Council
of States, however, decided to consult the operators before making a decision. The consultation is
scheduled to take place in the first quarter of 2013.


--- Page 20 ---

Regulatory differences between Switzerland and the European Union

In the European Union (EU), the regulatory authorities have extensive powers to analyse markets
and impose on market-dominant companies obligations relating to non-discrimination, trans-
parency and forms of access (“ex-ante regulation”). The Swiss regulator has rejected this type of
practice, opting instead for ex-post regulation (primacy of negotiation and appeal principle) on
the grounds that market conditions in Switzerland differ from those in most EU member states.
The Swiss market is characterised by virtually nationwide competition between Swisscom and the
cable network operators. Moreover, municipal and regional power utility companies have also
entered the market. The market situation prevailing in Switzerland therefore necessitates a dif-
ferent set of regulations from those in place in countries such as France and Italy, where no plat-
form competition has evolved due largely to the existence of a single network provider.

Legal and regulatory environment in Italy

Fastweb’s legal framework

As a member of the European Union, Italy is required to bring national legislation into line with
the European legislative framework. The Italian regulatory authority Autorita per le Garanzie nelle
Communicazioni (AGCOM) has the task, based onan analysis of the markets defined by the European
Commission, of imposing regulatory obligations on companies. Drafts of such regulations must
be submitted to the European Commission and the regulatory authorities of the other member
states, who have the right to comment on or veto the draft. The business operations of Swisscom’s
Italian subsidiary Fastweb are therefore heavily influenced by European and Italian telecommu-
nication legislation and its application.

Regulatory developments in Italy in 2012

Prices for unbundled subscriber lines and mobile termination rates agreed by AGCOM in 2010 and
2011 went into effect in 2012, resulting in an increase in the monthly price for an unbundled sub-
scriber line to EUR 9.28 and a reduction in the mobile termination rate to 2.50 euro cents per
minute from 1 July 2012. The termination rate will be reduced in steps to 0.98 euro cents per
minute by July 2013.

In 2012 AGCOM published a model for calculating fixed-line termination rates based on IP tech-
nology. The model applies to all fixed-line operators and provides for a continuous reduction in
prices from 0.22 euro cents per minute to 0.04 euro cents per minute over a period of three years.

22 | 23

Management commentary

t, strateg

y and o}



--- Page 21 ---

iS)
See

www.swisscom.ch/
CRblog

Public

Media

Sustainable environment

Dialogue with stakeholder groups and strategic priorities

Employees

O Partners/NGOs

Sustainable living

and working

Responsible ————_

‘employer F
“>

le

OC) Customers

?

Sustainable
use of resources

Shareholders and
external investors

e
Telecommunications w..
forall

Authorities and
legislators

Suppliers

Swisscom fosters dialogue with its most important stakeholder groups via electronic media, over
the phone, through surveys, information events, business meetings, road shows and conferences,
as well as in customers’ homes and in the Swisscom Shops. In 2012 — as in previous years —
Swisscom directly incorporated the concerns of stakeholder groups in specific projects. Stake-
holder management at Swisscom is decentralised in order to ensure proximity and ongoing con-
tact with the individual stakeholder groups. Of the many stakeholder groups, customers, share-
holders, investors, public authorities, legislators, suppliers, the media, employees as well as
partners and NGOs have the largest influence on Swisscom’s business strategy.

Customers

Swisscom systematically consults residential customers in order to identify their needs. Customer
relationship managers, for example, gather information on customer needs directly at customer
touch points. The Corporate Business division conducts quarterly surveys that include questions
on sustainability. Swisscom also maintains regular contact with consumer organisations in all lin-
guistic regions of Switzerland and runs electronic forums, including an environmental blog
launched in 2006 and a corporate responsibility blog launched two years ago. The overall findings
show that customers expect attractive pricing, market transparency, responsible marketing, com-
prehensive network coverage, network stability, low-radiation communication technologies and
sustainable products and services.

Shareholders and external investors

Besides the Annual General Meeting, Swisscom fosters dialogue with shareholders at analysts’ pre-
sentations, road shows and in regular teleconferences. Over the years it has also built up contacts
with numerous external investors and rating agencies in the area of sustainability. Shareholders
and external investors expect above all growth, profitability and innovation from Swisscom.


--- Page 22 ---

©

See
www.swisscom.ch/
supplierawards/en

ie)

See
www.swisscom.ch/
CR-Partnerships

Public authorities

Swisscom maintains regular, close contact with various public authorities. A key issue in its deal-
ings with this stakeholder group concerns expansion of the mobile network. Mobile data applica-
tions are becoming increasingly popular with customers. But while mobile communications are
clearly appreciated and widely used, acceptance of the required infrastructure is sometimes lack-
ing. Network expansion gives rise to tension because of the different interests at stake. Swisscom
has been engaged in dialogue with residents and local authorities for many years. Swisscom and
its competitors in the Swiss mobile market have launched a dialogue model that guarantees heads
of local authorities regular information on network planning in their area and, in the case of con-
struction projects, gives them the opportunity to suggest suitable alternative locations. Swisscom
also liaises regularly with the public authorities in other areas: for example, it invites ICT heads of
the cantonal education authorities to an annual two-day seminar on the subject of “Internet for
Schools”. As a stakeholder group, public authorities expect Swisscom to act decisively in the way
it recognises its responsibility towards the public at large and towards young people in particular.

Legislators

Swisscom is required to deal with political and regulatory issues, representing the company’s inter-
ests vis-a-vis political parties, public authorities and associations. Legislators expect compliance
from Swisscom.

Suppliers

Swisscom’s procurement organisations regularly deal with suppliers and supplier relationships,
analysing the results of evaluations, formulating targets and reviewing performance. Once a year
they invite their main suppliers to the Key Supplier Day. The focus of the event is on risk reduction
and responsibility in the supply chain.

Media
Swisscom maintains close contact with the media — seven days a week. Its relationship with the
media is informed by professional journalistic principles.

Employees

Every two years Swisscom conducts an employee survey and also organises round-table discus-
sions with the employee representatives. Any employee who comes across irregularities in the
workplace is asked to report them to the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee, which acts as the
internal office responsible for handling whistle-blowing cases. Employee concerns mainly relate
to social partnership, training and development, diversity, health and safety at work.

Partners and NGOs

Swisscom believes in the importance of sharing insights and information with partners within
the framework of projects: for example, with the WWF Climate Group, the Swiss Child Protection
Foundation and organisations that address the special needs of disadvantaged groups. Active part-
nerships and social and ecological commitment are especially relevant for this stakeholder group.

2425

Management commentary

t, strateg

y and o}



--- Page 23 ---

Qo

See Report

pages 79-80

Materiality/materiality matrix

The materiality matrix covers the key issues that are important to stakeholders and Swisscom and
illustrates where they fall within the company’s four strategic priorities in the area of corporate
responsibility. The matrix also denotes other issues that have an impact on Swisscom’s business
strategy.

Swisscom carefully monitors all of the issues in the matrix and handles them according to priority.
Those with the highest priority and of major relevance to both stakeholders and Swisscom are
positioned in the top right-hand box. Other issues such as noise, water protection, protection of
wild life and fauna, violence and population growth are important from an ecological and social
point of view but are not part of Swisscom’s core activities.

The issues can be identified based on their relevance to Swisscom’s business strategy and the con-
cerns of stakeholders. They are examined and dealt with internally according to level of importance
and scope either by specialist departments or by those bodies that act as contact partners for the
respective stakeholders. The issues are also discussed by other bodies such as division manage-
ment, the Management Board of Swisscom Switzerland or the Group Executive Board. If necessary,
these bodies initiate appropriate measures.

The issues are arranged alphabetically within the boxes.

Swisscom materiality matrix 2012

Materiality for stakeholders

y relevant

Basic service provision Corporate governance/compliance
Health and safety in the workplace Customer satisfaction
Sponsorship/partnerships Data protection

Youth media protection Employee representation and union relations

Energy consumption and CO,-emissions (infrastructure efficiency)
Financial position and cash flows

Legal and regulatory environment

Low-radiation communications technologies

Investments and network infrastructure

Payout policy and share performance

Revenues and results (turnover and EBITDA)

relevant

Promotion of start-ups/social entrepreneurship Promoting met

Corporate volunteering Eco-friendly offerings (products and services)
Diversity and age management Innovation and development
Ecological aspects of operations Personnel training and development

competency
Responsibility in the supply chain

relevant ry relevant

Materiality for Swisscom

Mf Management commentary
IW Corporate governance
i Corporate responsibility/annex


--- Page 24 ---

Market trend in telecom and IT services

Swiss telecommunication market

The Swiss telecommunication market is highly developed by international standards and charac-
terised by a wide range of voice and data communications services and ongoing innovation. Total
revenue volume is estimated at around CHF 17 billion. The telecommunication market is in a state
of transition as telecommunications, information, as well as media and entertainment (TIME)
increasingly converge. The rapid spread of smartphones is changing customer needs. People nowa-
days can access the Internet from anywhere and at any time. Swisscom recognised this trend and
was one of the first telecom providers worldwide to introduce new mobile subscriptions which
allow customers to make unlimited phone calls to all networks, send text messages and browse
the Internet at flat rates. The individual subscriptions mainly differ in terms of mobile data speeds.
As smartphone penetration increases, so too does the volume of data and hence the load on net-
works. Swisscom is investing permanently in the network infrastructure of the future, in order to
keep pace with this development. Swisscom expanded its mobile frequency portfolio after partic-
ipating in an auction in February 2012. Swisscom is also tackling the constant growth in data by
continuously expanding the broadband network or deploying new technologies such as LTE. Back
in 2011, Swisscom launched bundled offerings combining different technologies: fixed telephony,
Internet, TV and mobile. Competition has continued to drive down prices. The Swiss telecoms mar-
ket can be broken down into submarkets of relevance to Swisscom: fixed-line, mobile, broadband
and digital TV.

Swisscom Switzerland access lines in thousand

8,000

6,000

4,000

2,000

6,217
316
5,901

Fixed-line
—
3,013
6o3 1,913
2,350 186
78 701 Wholesale
s Bundle subscriptions
939 521
|_| = 300 WM Single subscriptions
Mobile Telephone Broadband Swisscom TV Unbundled
subscribers subscribers access

lines

Fixed-line market

Fixed-line telephony is mainly based on lines running over the telephone network and lines run-
ning over cable networks. The past few years have seen only marginal changes in market share.
Swisscom is market leader with 67%. Sunrise commands a market share of around 13%. The spread
of mobile telephony in recent years has led to a rapid decline in the number of phone calls made
over the fixed network. The number of Swisscom fixed lines has likewise been declining steadily.
This trend continued in 2012, with the number of fixed lines falling by 3.4% to 3.0 million, mainly
due to the substitution of fixed lines by mobile communications. By the end of 2012 unbundled
lines totalled 300,000.

Mobile communications market

Three companies operate their own nationwide mobile networks in Switzerland: Swisscom,
Orange Switzerland and Sunrise. In February 2012, Orange Switzerland was sold by France Telecom
to the British company Apax. Sunrise was sold by its Danish parent TDC to Luxembourg-based
CVC Capital Partners back in 2010. Unlike in previous years, 2012 was marked by slower growth
of 2.4% in mobile lines (SIM cards) in Switzerland due to already high market penetration. The
three network operators have a total of around 9.9 million mobile lines, with penetration in
Switzerland at 124%. The technical possibilities of mobile communications are increasing due to
the rapid spread of smartphones. A growing number of customers access their data, e-mails and
Internet while on the move. The launch of the infinity tariffs marks a paradigm shift by Swisscom
that reflects customers’ changing needs. The monthly flat-rate subscription fee includes free
text messaging, voice and data traffic. Customers have full cost control. By the end of 2012,
889,000 customers were using the new infinity offerings. For occasional users of the mobile net-
work Swisscom offers prepaid services with no monthly subscription fee, so that they are charged

26 | 27

Management commentary

t, strateg

y and o}



--- Page 25 ---

only as and when they access the network. Machine-to-machine (M2M) mobile data traffic is
a growth market which in future will support a wide range of applications such as automatic local-
isation in the event of a vehicle breakdown. Swisscom makes its mobile communications network
available to third-party providers (MVNO, mobile virtual network operators) so that they can offer
their customers proprietary products and services over the Swisscom network.

Market shares mobile subscribers in Switzerland* in % Swisscom mobile access lines in thousand
8,000
17%
Orange 5,828 6,049 6,217
6,000 SS T749 2,199
21% 62% |
Sunrise 4,000
Swisscom seis 3800 AOE
2,000
mPrepaid
° mPostpaid
* Estimate Swisscom 2010 2011 2012

Swisscom defended its 62% market share in 2012. Switzerland boasts a much higher percentage
of postpaid customers (around 65%). As in previous years, prices for mobile services in 2012 con-
tinued to be squeezed by competition, resulting in a corresponding decline in average monthly
revenue per user.

Broadband market

The most widespread access technologies for fixed broadband in Switzerland are the telephone
network based on DSL and cable television networks. At the end of 2012, the number of retail
broadband lines in Switzerland totalled around 3.1 million, or around 89% of all households.
Switzerland therefore leads the way internationally in terms of market penetration of broadband
lines. Swisscom’s DSL offerings reach more than 98% of the Swiss population.

Market shares broadband access lines in Switzerland* in % Swisscom Broadband access lines in thousand

3,000
15%

Other
2,250
1,810 1,842 1913

186

30% 55% 226 181 186
Cable Swisscom 1,500 407 | eM
operators

uy 1,047
750 939
Wholesale
mBundle subscriptions
° Single subscriptions

* Estimate Swisscom 2010 2011 2012

Growth in broadband lines is slowing from year to year. In 2012 the number of broadband lines
grew by 5.0% versus 5.8% the previous year. In recent years growth in telephone-based DSL broad-
band lines has far outpaced broadband lines provided by cable network operators in recent years,
but in the past year the trend has come toa halt. DSL broadband accounted for around half of new
lines in 2012, corresponding to a market share of all broadband lines of around 70%. Of these, 55%
(prior year: 55%) were Swisscom end customers and 16% (prior year: 16%) wholesale offerings and
fully unbundled lines. Broadband lines are increasingly becoming the basic access line for house-
holds, through which customers can access additional services or bundled offerings.

Digital TV market

The importance and market penetration of digital television continues to grow. And with the pos-
sibility of 1.5 million users switching from analogue to digital television in future, the potential is
huge. The most important modes of transmission for digital television in Switzerland are satellite,
antenna (terrestrial), cable, Internet and mobile. Cable television, satellite reception and Swisscom TV
account for the largest market shares. Roughly 85% of all households have an analogue or a digital


--- Page 26 ---

cable TV connection; of these, around 75% have a digital TV connection (status as of September
2012). With 791,000 digital TV customers, Swisscom is market leader in digital cable television only
six years after entering the business. Sunrise has been offering its own digital television services

since 2012.
Market shares digital TV in Switzerland® in % Swisscom TV subscribers in thousand
6% 1,000
Antenna TV
19% 27% 791
Satellite TV Swisscom TV 750 521
608
2% 383
Sunrise TV oa 421
— 203 |
46% 250 270
Cable TV 218 | 228 | |
m Bundle subscriptions
° Single subscriptions
* Estimate Swisscom 2010 2011 2012
After steadily increasing its market share over the past few years thanks to its own digital
Swisscom TV offering, Swisscom gained another 183,000 customers in 2012 and commanded a
share of 27% (prior year: 26%) by year-end. Swisscom TV offers over 200 television channels, some
2,000 videos on demand, exclusive live transmission of sporting events (mainly football and ice
hockey) and other practical features such as the replay feature (allowing viewers to watch missed
programmes up to 30 hours after transmission), live-pause, a recording function, picture-in-
picture, Swisscom TV apps for weather, news, photos, etc., and a TV guide. Thanks to a mobile app,
customers can access the services and schedule at any time while on the move. Swisscom TV is
available in a range of packages to meet all customer needs.
Italian broadband market
Italy's broadband market is Europe’s fourth largest, with a revenue volume of around EUR 14 billion.
While in most European markets DSL-based providers compete with cable network operators, this
is not the case in Italy, where broadband penetration is well below the European average at just
over 50% of households. In 2012 the number of broadband lines in Italy rose by 2% to around 13.7
million. Fastweb increased the number of broadband lines year-on-year by 10.8% or 172,000 to
around 1.8 million, outperforming the competition in terms of new customers in 2012.
Market shares broadband access lines in Italy* in % Fastweb broadband access lines in thousand
6% 2,000
Others 13%
Fastweb 1,724 1,767
13% ”
1,500 1,595*
Vodafone/Tele2 & som
Telecom Italia
1,000
16%
Wind
500
i)
* Estimate Swisscom 2010 2011 2012
* Adjusted by 197,000 as a result of the settlement of
litigations.

Telecom Italia leads the broadband market with a share of 52% (prior year: 51%), compared with
Fastweb’s 13% (prior year: 13%). Three integrated players dominate the market: Telecom Italia,
Vodafone and Wind. Thanks to economies of scale, they are able to maintain a strong advertising
presence and build upa dense sales network. For service providers a permanent countrywide pres-
ence is becoming increasingly important, given the growing complexity of products and services
and the increasing legal constraints on telephone sales due to data privacy considerations. Fastweb
has therefore decided to expand its own sales network by improving the efficiency of its dealer
structure and stepping up investment in its own sales outlets in major Italian cities.

28 | 29

Management commentary

Business environment, strategy and organisation


--- Page 27 ---

IT services market in Switzerland

In 2012 the IT services market generated revenue volume of around CHF 6.6 billion. Swisscom esti-
mates a total market volume in 2015 of around CHF 7.3 billion. Growth prospects have been weak-
ening slightly. Cloud services and the off-shoring and near-shoring of services outside Switzerland
are experiencing growth.

International providers offering on-demand services (cloud computing) and service delivery from
low-wage countries (off-shoring) are fuelling competition and putting increased price pressure on
Swiss IT service providers. In the SAP area, growth opportunities are opening up in the field of
mobile services, business intelligence and SAP solutions for smaller customers. Swisscom IT
Services expects to see server and storage services increasingly being procured as a standardised
cloud service. In the workplace management segment, the use of tablets and other devices
normally associated with residential customers, coupled with the shift of functionality to central
data centres (cloud services), is changing the market.

Market shares IT services in Switzerland* in % Swisscom IT Services

65%
Others

* Estimate Swisscom

Revenue from external customers in CHF million

7% 600
Swisscom IT Services

». om 527 531 521
on 450
8%
4 ”
5%
ay Accenture
oi 150
Tsystems
0

2010 2011 2012

With a market share of 7%, Swisscom IT Services is one of the largest providers on the Swiss market.
Swisscom successfully defended its leadership position in the banking systems integration seg-
ment. Swisscom IT Services’ portfolio ranges from implementation and operation of IT solutions
for the finance sector to the full hosting of back-office processes for banks (BPO). In the workplace
management segment, Swisscom manages complex work environments on behalf of customers.
Swisscom IT Services is a full-service provider in the area of SAP and IT outsourcing, including cloud
services.


--- Page 28 ---

Qo

See report
page 130

Group structure and organisation

Management structure in the 2012 financial year

The Group organisation is based on the following management structure: the Board of Directors
of Swisscom Ltd is responsible for overall management and for determining the Group's strategic,
organisational and budgetary principles. It delegates day-to-day business management tothe CEO
of Swisscom Ltd who, together with the heads of the Group divisions, the CEO of Swisscom IT
Services and the heads of the divisions of Swisscom Switzerland, make up the Group Executive
Board. Swisscom’s financial reporting focuses on three operating divisions: Swisscom Switzerland,
Fastweb and other operating segments. Swisscom Switzerland is subdivided into the Residential
Customers, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises, Corporate Business, Wholesale and Network &
IToperating segments. Swisscom Switzerland is the contact partner for telecoms and data services
in Switzerland and Fastweb in Italy. Swisscom IT Services supports corporate customers in all
IT-related matters.

Group structure

Swisscom Ltd and its four Group divisions, Group Finance & Controlling (from 2013 Group Business
Steering), Group Strategy & Business Development (from 2013 Group Strategy & Innovation),
Group Communications (from 2013 Group Communication & Responsibility) and Group Human
Resources, together with its subsidiaries, make up the Swisscom Group. The shares of Swisscom Ltd
are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange in Zurich and are also traded over the counter (OTC) in the
form of Level 1 American Depositary Receipts (ADR). The majority shareholder at 31 December
2012 was the Swiss Confederation, with a share of 56.8% of the voting rights and capital.

As at 31 December 2012, 22 Swiss subsidiaries (prior year: 27) and 32 foreign subsidiaries (prior
year: 31) are fully consolidated in Swisscom’s consolidated financial statements. In addition, nine
associates (prior year: ten) are included according to the equity method. In the year under review,
Swisscom acquired Datasport AG and Treufida GmbH as well as a minority stake in Metroweb S.p.A.
in Italy and sold Athon SA. The following companies were merged in 2012: Webcall GmbH with
Axept AG; Hospitality Services Plus SA, curabill AG and Evita AG with Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd;
and Swisscom IT Services Enterprise Solutions Ltd, Swisscom IT Services Finance Ltd and Swisscom
IT Services Workplace Ltd with Swisscom IT Services Ltd.

Swisscom Ltd holds direct shareholdings in Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd, Swisscom IT Services Ltd,
Swisscom Broadcast Ltd and Swisscom Real Estate Ltd. Fastweb S.p.A. (Fastweb) is indirectly held
via Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd and intermediate companies in Belgium and Italy. While Swisscom
Participations (from 2013 Group Related Business) does not constitute a legal entity, it is respon-
sible for managing a portfolio of small and medium-sized enterprises. Swisscom and PubliGroupe
have reciprocal interests of 49% each in LTV Yellow Pages Ltd and Swisscom Directories Ltd.

Change in management structure from 1 January 2013

From 1 January 2013 Swisscom will simplify its management structure with the aim of strength-
ening the Group’s Swiss business and enhancing efficiency. In a move to strengthen Swiss core
business in the face of ever-growing competition, the Swisscom Switzerland Management Board
will be headed by Urs Schaeppi, until now Head of Corporate Business. In addition the Group
Executive Board is to be streamlined. From 2013, the Group Executive Board will comprise
CEO Carsten Schloter; Urs Schaeppi (Swisscom Switzerland); Andreas Konig (Swisscom IT Services);
Mario Rossi (Group Business Steering); Jurgen Galler (Group Strategy & Innovation); and Hans
Werner (Group Human Resources).

30 | 31

Management commentary

t, strateg

y and o}



--- Page 29 ---

Headquarters

Subsidiaries

Associates

Board of Directors

Group Executive Board

> Group

Finance & Controlling

> Group

Strategy & Business

Development

> Group
Communications

> Group

Human Resources

Swisscom
Switzerland?

> Swisscom
(Switzerland) Ltd
Swisscom
Directories Ltd
local.ch AG
Wingo AG

Axept AG

CT Cinetrade AG
LTV Yellow
Pages Ltd
Belgacom

International
Carrier SA

Fastweb

> Fastweb S.p.A.
> Fastweb
Wholesale S.rl.

> Metroweb S.p.A,

> eBisMedia S.p.A.

Swisscom IT
Services (ITS)

> Swisscom IT
Services Ltd?

> ITS Finance
Custom
Solutions Ltd

> ITS Sourcing Ltd

Swisscom
Participations

Alphapay Ltd
Billag Ltd
Cablex Ltd
Sicap Ltd?
Swisscom
Broadcast Ltd
> Swisscom

vvvvy

Energy
Solutions Ltd
Swisscom
Event & Media
Solutions Ltd
Swisscom

Real Estate Ltd

v

v

v

Medgate
Holding AG

Enterprises, Corporate Business, Wholesale and Network & IT.

Swisscom IT Services Ltd has subsidiaries in Austria and Singapore.
Sicap Ltd has subsidiaries in France, Malaysia, Singapore and South Africa

Hospitality Services has subsidiaries in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France,

Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, in Norway, Portugal,
Romania, Russia, Spain, Turkey, the UK and USA.

Venturing Participations comprises the fully consolidated company Mona Lisa Capital AG.

Other
operating
segments

> Hospitality
Services*

> Venturing
Participations®

> Venturing
Participations

Swisscom Switzerland comprises the operating segments Residential Customers, Small and Medium-Sized

Group
Headquarters

Swisscom Ltd
Worklink AG
Swisscom

Belgium NV.

Swisscom
Re AG
Swisscom
Italia S.rl

The scope of the sustainability report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) cov-
ers Swisscom Ltd and all fully consolidated subsidiaries domiciled in Switzerland. It does not cover
Group companies domiciled abroad or associates. The main foreign shareholdings are Fastweb
and the Swisscom Hospitality Group. The closely related foundations comPlan (pension fund) and
sovis are also not included in the scope. Any deviation of the GRI reporting boundary from the
above definition is duly reported.


--- Page 30 ---

Guiding principles

Swisscom — we open up new possibilities
Our promise

As a trustworthy companion to the digital world, we help our customers
> feel secure and at ease

> find what they're looking for quickly and simply

> experience and achieve extraordinary things

Our strategic roles

The most trustworthy and reliable ICT infrastructure
We provide our customers with the most reliable ICT infrastructure that can be adapted quickly
and flexibly to changing needs. We give our customers access wherever they need and expect it.

Leaders in identity, data and security management
We are recognised experts in the secure handling of data and virtual identities.
Our customers feel protected from risks and dangers.

Personalised, proactive, value-generating customer interactions
We offer our customers bespoke products and services that simplify and enrich their lives.
We are there where our customers need us.

Leaders in Corporate Responsibility
We act responsibly at all times and in everything we do and have a special
responsibility towards our environment, our society and Switzerland.

Our goals

Winning hearts
We delight our customers with unique experiences.
Swisscom is one of Switzerland’s favourite brands.

Making things simple
We offer our customers maximum benefit and a service that is constantly
being improved. We achieve sustainable success through focus and effectiveness.

Shaping the future

We promote innovations that promise added value both for customers and Swisscom.
We combine the best ideas and drive forward projects that offer future potential.

Our principles

Passionate about customers
We surprise our customers, convey enjoyment and inspire by providing first-class service.

Heart and soul
We put heart and soul into shaping our own inspirational working environment.

Dialogue and cooperation
We work together to shape the future and learn from one another.

Focus on the essentials
We keep improving and remain focused.

32 [33

Management commentary

Business environment, strategy and organisation


--- Page 31 ---

Corporate strategy

While Swisscom commands a leading position in the mobile, fixed and broadband submarkets in
Switzerland, these markets are largely saturated. Intense competition and changing customer
needs continue to erode prices and volumes. In network access business, competition is acceler-
ating due to unbundling of the local loop, cable providers offering higher bandwidths and bundled
products, and fibre-optic initiatives by power utility companies. Moreover, service offerings are
increasingly being provided on a network-independent basis and by new market players. The
resulting lower revenue and income need to be offset in order to ensure the financial resources
needed to make major investments in new technologies.

Swisscom’s corporate responsibility strategy (CR strategy) underpins Swisscom’s long-term com-
mitment and is broken down into the following four key areas: “Enabling sustainable living and
working”, “Promoting sustainable use of resources”, “Providing telecommunications for all” and
“Acting as a responsible employer”. By minimising the consumption of energy and resources within
the Group, using electricity generated from renewable sources, imposing ecological and social
standards on suppliers and acting as a responsible employer, Swisscom honours its responsibility
towards the environment and the community at large. Swisscom supports customers in their
efforts to achieve a sustainable way of living and working by offering climate-friendly, low-radia-
tion products and services for residential customers and Green ICT services for business customers.
Swisscom’s corporate strategy is based on three pillars: “Maximise”, “Extend” and “Expand”.

Maximise Extend Expand

Grow Develop core- Leverage growth

market position related opportunities in

in Swiss core businesses in new business fields

business Switzerland within Switzerland
or abroad

1. Maximise existing core business

For Swisscom, maximising existing core business means strengthening its competitive position
in Switzerland by maintaining high network quality, strong customer ties, a clear market position-
ing and cost-efficient services.

To set Swisscom Switzerland apart from the competition and generate value, substantial invest-
ments are necessary to maintain the quality of the network infrastructure — and in particular to
expand the fibre-optic network and the mobile network. These high investments will further
improve network quality and, along with superior services and a strong brand, ensure that
Swisscom continues to command a high market share. By developing its service culture further,
Swisscom aims to increase the already high level of customer loyalty. A clear market positioning
forms the basis for Swisscom’s ability to exploit new opportunities in its core business. To remain
differentiated in the marketplace, Swisscom is continuing to develop its strategy of offering bun-
dled products and future-oriented price plans such as the successful natel infinity subscriptions
launched in 2012. Traditional usage-based revenues from services like text messaging and teleph-
ony are being incorporated in new subscription models, leading to a change in the business model.
In the corporate business segment, reliability, quality and flexibility make Swisscom the partner
of choice inthe field of communication and collaboration services. Continuous improvements such
as migration to an all-IP infrastructure or programmes which reduce internal costs and optimise
decision making, will ensure that Swisscom can continue to provide cost-effective services in its
core business. As an internal service provider, Swisscom IT Services supports Swisscom Switzerland
by helping to reduce IT costs and by delivering flexible services. Swisscom Participations also
supports Swisscom Switzerland in its bid to generate further efficiency gains in the areas of
fibre-optic expansion and real estate management.


--- Page 32 ---

2. Extend current core business

Swisscom is extending its current core business by offering customers a broad range of informa-
tion and communication services. To this end it is continually developing its business activities in
telecoms, informatics, media and entertainment along the entire value chain.

In Switzerland the switch from analogue to digital television is in full swing. Swisscom has been
market leader in the digital TV market in Switzerland since 2011, and successfully expanded this
position in 2012. It aims to further improve the competitiveness of Swisscom TV andensure market
differentiation through systematic, targeted continual development of its digital TV offering. In
the corporate business segment Swisscom intends to ensure the growth of Swisscom Switzerland
and Swisscom IT Services by extending the service portfolio and expanding activities in commu-
nication and collaboration solutions and in the area of cloud services. Cloud services enable cus-
tomers to improve their efficiency and cost structure through the flexible procurement of IT infra-
structure services. Unified communication and collaboration solutions allow corporate customers
to save costs by optimising their communication processes. One growth area is machine-to-
machine communication (M2M communication), where Swisscom estimates that over the long
term more than 100 million machines will be interconnected via the mobile network in Switzer-
land. In addition, continuous improvement and harmonisation of operating processes and cus-
tomer focus will further enhance the competitiveness and profitability of Swisscom Switzerland
and Swisscom IT Services. Swisscom intends to generate further Group-wide synergies and
improve coordination of market access by exploiting the potential for optimisation across individ-
ual business units. Swisscom Participations is also pursuing targeted growth activities, focusing
in the “eHealth” field on networking and all-round health management while at the same time
developing an interactive monitoring solution for private households in the growing area of
“Smart & Secure Living”.

3. Expand outside core business

Swisscom seeks to recognise and substantiate growth opportunities outside its core business in
Switzerland, based on industrial and strategic logic. To promote growth in new business fields
Swisscom is concentrating on developing new services along the extended value chain. In existing
activities, successful further development and consolidation of Fastweb has top priority.

The acquisition of Fastweb in 2007 marked Swisscom’s entry into the Italian broadband market.
Since March 2011 Swisscom has been the sole owner of Fastweb and has gained strategic and
operational flexibility thanks to this full takeover. The difficult economic situation and reduced
growth prospects in Italy resulted in an adjustment to the business plan at the end of 2011.
Fastweb is seeking profitability and growth based on a proprietary, state-of-the-art fibre-optic
infrastructure, a strong position in the corporate business segment, an innovative service portfolio,
outstanding project management and integration expertise, and high customer satisfaction.
Fastweb will continue to invest in fibre-optic expansion over the coming years in order to boost
competitiveness. Strict cost management will also improve cash flow.

Major investments in shareholdings are strategically restricted to the two core markets of Switzer-
land and Italy. At the same time Swisscom is making targeted investments with a view to further
expanding existing participations: for example in Swisscom Hospitality Services, a company that
provides access and TV services for hotel chains and their guests. Swisscom Hospitality Services
is looking to greater further differentiation by offering new services while continuing to expand
its geographical reach and improve efficiency. Swisscom also invests small amounts in venture
capital funds as well as directly in start-up companies, in order to identify new technologies and
business ideas early on and promote innovation.

3435

Management commentary

t, strateg

y and o}



--- Page 33 ---

Value-oriented business management

Key performance indicators for planning and managing the company’s cash flows are operating
income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) and capital expenditure on property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets. EBITDA is driven mainly by revenue and margins. Swisscom’s
remuneration system is tied to value generation via variable performance-related components.
The variable performance-related component is based, among other things, on financial targets
such as net revenue, EBITDA margin and operating free cash flow as well as on the non-financial
target of customer satisfaction.

Enterprise value

1 CHF million, except where indicated 31.12.2012 31.12.2011
Enterprise value
Market capitalisation 20,400 18,436
Net debt 8,071 | 8,309
Non-controlling interests in subsidiary companies 24 | 24
Enterprise value (EV) 28,495 26,769
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,381 4,584
Ratio enterprise value/EBITDA 65 | 5.8

The sum of market capitalisation, net debt and minority interests in subsidiaries is the enterprise
value (EV) derived from the share price. Minority interests are stated at carrying amount. Higher
market capitalisation and lower net debt increased the enterprise value year-on-year by 6.4% to
CHF 28.5 billion. The enterprise value/EBITDA ratio is a key figure used in relative comparisons with
other companies in the sector. With a factor of 6.5 (prior year: 5.8), Swisscom is above the average
for Europe's former state telecom companies. A lower interest rate, lower average tax rates and a
solid market position make a significant contribution to this higher factor.


--- Page 34 ---

Statement of added value

Added value is equivalent to net revenue less goods and services purchased, other operating
expenses and depreciation and amortisation. Personnel expense is treated as use of added value
rather than as an intermediate input. Swisscom generates the bulk of its added value in Switzer-
land. In 2012 activities abroad accounted for 2.7% of the Group’s added value from operations
(prior year: 3.5%).

2012 2011
In CHF million Switzerland Abroad Total | Switzerland Abroad Total
Added value

Net revenue 9,268 2,116 11,384 9,243 2,224 11,467
Capitalised self-constructed assets and other income (278) (95) (373) (273) (147) (420)
Goods and services purchased 1,678 721 2,399 | 1,611 791 2,402
Other operating expenses 1,764 632 2,396 | 1,727 661 2,388
Depreciation 1,227 723 1,950 | 1,168 735 1,903
Indermediate inputs 4,391 1,981 6,372 4,233 2,040 6,273
Operating added value 4,877 135 5,012 5,010 184 5,194
Share of results of associates 32 30
Impairment losses on goodwill _ | (1,555)
Other financial result (43) (37)
Total added value 5,001 3,632
Allocation of added value

Employees (personnel costs) 2,312 269 2,581 | 2,214 299 2,513
Authorities (income taxes) 405 | 151
Shareholders (dividends) 15a | 1,095
External investors (net interest expense) 253 | 274
Company (retained earnings) 608 (401)
Total added value 5,001 3,632

In 2012 added value from operations amounted to around CHF 5.0 billion, 3.5% less than in 2011.
Added value in Switzerland declined year-on-year by 2.7% to CHF 4,877 million, while added value
from international activities fell by CHF 49 million to CHF 135 million. Added value from operations
in Switzerland accounted for 52.6% of net revenue (prior year: 54.2%).

Most of the value-generating activities in Switzerland are performed by Swisscom’s 16,300 or so
employees. In 2012 added value from operations per FTE declined by 2.6% to CHF 297,000 (prior
year: CHF 305,000). Personnel expense in relation to added value in Switzerland increased from
44.2% to 47.4%.

Swisscom development of value added per Allocation of added value in %
employee in Switzerland in CHF thousand

400

300 311

200

100

0

12%
Company

5%

305 397 External investors :

23%
Shareholders

8%
Authorities C7]

52%
Number of employees

2010 2011 2012

36 | 37

Management commentary

Business environment, strategy and organisation


--- Page 35 ---

Capital market

Swisscom’s shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
The Group’s creditworthiness is regularly assessed by
international rating agencies.

Swisscom share

Swisscom’s market capitalisation at 31 December 2012 stood at CHF 20.4 billion, with 51.8 million
shares outstanding. The par value per registered share is CHF 1. Each share entitles the holder to
one vote. Voting rights can only be exercised if the shareholder has been entered with voting rights
in the share register of Swisscom Ltd. The Board of Directors may refuse to enter a shareholder with
voting rights in the share register if such voting rights exceed 5% of the company’s share capital.

Ownership structure

31.12.2012 31.12.2011

Number of Number of Share Number of Number of Share

Shareholders Shares in% Shareholders Shares in%

Confederation 1 29,410,500 56.8% 1 29,494,000 56.9%
Natural person 65,591 | 4,624,627 8.9% 62,404 4,230,435 8.2%
Institution 2,653 | 17,766,816 34.3% 2,717 18,077,508 34.9%
Total 68,245 | 51,801,943 100.0% 65,122 51,801,943 100.0%

The majority shareholder at 31 December 2012 was the Swiss Confederation, with 56.8% of the voting
rights and capital. By law the Swiss Confederation is required to hold a majority of the capital and
voting rights. At 31 December 2012 around 97% of registered shareholders were from Switzerland.

Stock exchanges
Swisscom shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange under the symbol SCMN (Securities

No. 874251). In the United States they are traded in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR)
at a ratio of 1:10 (Over The Counter, Level —1) under the symbol SCMWY (Pink Sheet No. 69769).


--- Page 36 ---

Share performance in 2012

Share performance 2012 in CHF

500
440
380
320
260
m Swisscom SMI (indexed) @ Stoxx Europe 600 Telcos (in CHF, indexed)

30.11.12

31.12.12

The Swiss Market Index (SMI) gained 14.9% compared with the previous year. The Swisscom share
© _ priceincreased by 10.7% to CHF 393.80, outperforming the Stoxx Europe 600 Telecommunications

www.swisscom.ch/

See Index (-11.4% in CHF; -10.7% in EUR). Average daily trading volume fell year-on-year by 9.5% to

shareprice 100,033 shares. Total trading volume of Swisscom shares in 2012 amounted to CHF 9.2 billion.

Shareholder return in 2012

On 13 April 2012 Swisscom paid out an ordinary dividend of CHF 22 per share. Based on the closing
price at the end of 2011, this equates toa return of 6.2%. Taking into account the rise in share price,
the Swisscom share achieved a TSR (total shareholder return) of 16.8% in 2012, while the TSR of
the SMI was 17.6% and the Stoxx Europe 600 Telecommunications Index was —4.8% in CHF or —

4.0% in EUR.

Swisscom share performance indicators

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012
Par value per share at end of year CHF 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00
Number of issued shares at end of period in thousand 53,441 51,802 51,802 51,802 51,802
Market capitalisation at end of year in CHF million 17,587 20,491 21,296 18,436 20,400
Closing price at end of period CHF 339.50 395.60 411.10 355.90 393.80
Closing price highest CHF 442.75 400.90 420.80 433.50 400.00
Closing price lowest CHF 292.00 293.50 358.00 323.10 334.40
Earnings per share CHF 33.87 3747 35.00 13.19 33.88
Ordinary dividend per share CHF 19.00 20.00 21.00 22.00 22.00*
Ratio payout/earnings per share % 56.10 53.38 60.00 166.85 64.94
Equity per share at end of year CHF 85.33 113.91 102.89 82.47 79.77

2 In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting

38 | 39

Management commentary

Capital market


--- Page 37 ---

Distribution to shareholders
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting on 4 April 2013 the Board of Directors will propose

an ordinary dividend of CHF 22 per share (prior year: CHF 22). This is equivalent to a total dividend
payout of CHF 1,140 million.

Development of payout in CHF million

1,600

1,200

1,140 1,140
1,088 ” ”
984 1,036
8
4
0 Ordinary dividend

2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

s

8

Since going public in 1998 Swisscom has distributed a total of CHF 25.0 billion to shareholders:
CHF 13.0 billion in dividend payments, CHF 1.6 billion in capital reductions and CHF 10.4 billion
in share buybacks. Swisscom has paid out a total of CHF 257 per share since the initial public offer-
ing. Together with the overall increase in share price of CHF 53.80 per share, this corresponds to
an average annual total return of 4.7%.

Analysts’ recommendations

Investment specialists analyse Swisscom’s business performance, results and market situation on
an ongoing basis. Their findings and recommendations offer valuable indicators for investors.
Around 20 analysts regularly publish studies on Swisscom. At the end of 2012 42% of analysts rec-
ommended a buy rating for the Swisscom share, 37% a hold rating and 21% a sell rating. The aver-
age price target at 31 December 2012 according to the analysts’estimates was CHF 405.


--- Page 38 ---

Indebtedness

Credit ratings and financing

With A (stable) and A2 (stable) respectively, Swisscom enjoys good ratings with the Standard & Poor's
and Moody's rating agencies. To avoid structural downgrading, Swisscom endeavours to raise
financing at the level of Swisscom Ltd. Swisscom aims for a broadly diversified debt portfolio, taking
particular care to balance maturities and spread financing instruments and financial markets.
Swisscom has set itself the goal of achieving a maximum ratio of net debt to EBITDA of around 2.
Swisscom’s solid financial standing enabled unrestricted access to money and capital markets also
in 2012. Net debt fell by CHF 0.2 billion to CHF 8.1 billion, corresponding to a net debt/EBITDA
ratio of 1.8. Around 90% of financial liabilities have a term to maturity of more than one year. At
31 December 2012 financial liabilities with a term of one year or less amounted to CHF 0.9 billion.

Ongoing dialogue with the capital market

Swisscom pursues an open and ongoing information policy vis-a-vis the general public and the
capital markets. It publishes comprehensive financial information on a quarterly basis. Swisscom
also meets investors regularly throughout the year, presents its financial results at analysts’ meet-
ings and road shows, attends expert conferences for financial analysts and investors, and keeps its
shareholders regularly informed about its business through press releases and shareholder letters.

Financial calendar

> 4 April 2013 Annual General Meeting
> 8 April 2013 Ex-dividend

> 11 April 2013 Dividend payment

> 2 May 2013 First-quarter results 2013
> 7 August 2013 Half-year results 2013

> 7 November 2013 Third-quarter results 2013
> February 2014 Annual results 2013

40 | 41

Management commentary

| market

Cap


--- Page 39 ---

Employees

Overall headcount at Swisscom declined by 547 FTEs year-on-year,
with the number of full-time positions in Switzerland decreasing
by 359.

Headcount

At the end of 2012 Swisscom had 19,514 full-time equivalent employees (FTEs), of which 16,269
or 83.4%, of the total workforce were employed in Switzerland (prior year: 82.9%). Swisscom also
trains 907 apprentices. The following chart shows a breakdown of full-time equivalent positions

by segment:

31.12.2010 31.12.2011 31.12.2012
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year
Residential Customers 4,607 4,683 4,371
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 733 824 831
Corporate Business 2,312 2,404 2,393
Wholesale 100 110 111
Networks & IT 3,964 4,075 4,121
Swisscom Switzerland 11,716 12,096 11,827
Fastweb 3,123 3,081 2,893
Swisscom IT Services 2,858 2,895 2,692
Swisscom Participations 1,241 1,363 1,498
Swisscom Hospitality Services 263 257 264
Other 6 - -
Other operating segments 4,368 4,515 4,454
Group Headquarters 340 369 340
Total Group 19,547 20,061 19,514
Thereof employees in Switzerland 16,057 16,628 16,269

Headcount decreased year-on-year by 547 full-time equivalents or 2.7% to 19,514. While efficiency
improvement measures and the outsourcing of staff at Fastweb led to an overall drop in head-
count, this was partially offset by the insourcing of external personnel, acquisition of subsidiaries
and an increase in the resources required for investments in telecoms infrastructure.

Employees in Switzerland on fixed-term contracts accounted for 0.4% of the workforce in 2012
(prior year: 0.3%). Part-time employees made up 13.7% (prior year: 13.4%), an increase of 16 FTEs
compared with 2011. Termination of employment by employees in Switzerland amounted to 6.3%
of the workforce (prior year: 6.0%).


--- Page 40 ---

Development of headcount in full-time equivalent

28,000

21,000 19,943 19,479 19,547 20,061 19,514.
3.089 | aise 3133 3093 2800 Al
a4oo0 — 26222 15,995 16,064 16,628 16,269
7,000
Other countries
italy
° mM Switzerland
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012
Personnel expense
In CHF million 2012 2011 Change
Salary and wage costs 2,058 | 2,053 0.2%
Social security expenses 222 | 227 2.2%
Pension cost 158 | 141 12.1%
Restructuring costs 68 | - -
Other personnel expenses 75 92 18.5%
Total personnel expense 2,581 2,513 2.7%
Thereof personnel expense in Switzerland 2,312 2,214 44%
Thereof personnel expense in Italy 233 | 264 -11.7%
Thereof personnel expense in other countries 36 | 35 2.9%

se

e report.
page 49

Personnel expense of Swisscom in the year under review amounted to CHF 2,581 million, with
employees in Switzerland accounting for CHF 2,312 million or 89.6% of the total.

Employment law framework

Introduction

The following information applies to Swisscom in Switzerland: Swisscom is one of the largest
employers in Switzerland, with around 17,200 employees. The legal terms and conditions of
employment in Switzerland are based on the Swiss Code of Obligations. The collectiveemployment
agreement (CEA) sets out the key terms and conditions of employment between Swisscom and
its employees. It also contains provisions governing relations between Swisscom and its social
partners. In mid-June 2012 Swisscom and its social partners entered into negotiations aimed at
further developing the collective employment agreement and social plan. A new CEA was agreed,
improving on the already very good terms and conditions of the previous agreement. The new CEA
and social plan enter into force on 1 January 2013. Swisscom IT Services and cablex AG, which
operate in a special market and competitive environment, will have their own CEA. At the end of
December 2012, 13,593 FTEs or 84.1% of the workforce were covered by the collective employment
agreement.

General terms and conditions of employment which exceed the minimum standard defined by
the Code of Obligations are governed by the special provisions for Swisscom management staff
in Switzerland.

42 | 43

Management commentary

Employees


--- Page 41 ---

Employee representation and union relations

Swisscom is committed to fostering constructive dialogue with its social partners (syndicom and
transfair unions) as well as the employee associations (employee representatives). The collective
employment agreement (CEA) and the social plan are good examples of fair, consensual solutions.
In the event of important operational changes, Swisscom involves the social partners and
employee associations at an early stage. The CEA grants employee representatives rights of co-
determination in a number of areas. These rights are exercised by the employee association, whose
members are elected by Swisscom employees in general and free elections. Two employee repre-
sentatives from the unions also sit on the Board of Directors of Swisscom Ltd.

Collective employment agreement

The working week for employees covered by the CEA is 40 hours. Five weeks’ annual leave (six
weeks from age 60), 16 weeks’ maternity leave and ten days’ paternity leave are also among the
progressive fringe benefits defined by the CEA. Employees also enjoy an additional week of paid
leave after five years of service. Swisscom pays a child and education allowance which in most
cases is above the statutory cantonal allowance, and grants leave on special family-related grounds
such as adoption leave. In the case of incapacity to work due to illness or accident, Swisscom con-
tinues to pay the employee's salary for 730 days: 100% in the first year and 80% in the second. On
1 January 2013 anew CEA entered into effect with partial adjustments to benefits and regulations
aimed at strengthening the marketability of employees.

Working-hour models

Swisscom promotes the work-life balance of its employees, offering working conditions that
enable those working full-time and part-time to balance their personal and professional lives. This
is made possible by the following measures: flexible working hours (the standard model used by
a majority of employees), variable working-hour models such as annual working hours, a long-
term working-time account and alternating teleworking. Employees may also work from home
with the consent of their line manager. This option is used by many employees and is becoming
increasingly simpler thanks to tools such as Unified Communications & Collaboration (UCC).

Social plan

Swisscom’s social plan sets out the benefits provided to employees covered by the collective
employment agreement CEA who are affected by redundancy. Responsibility for implementing
the social plan lies with Worklink AG, a wholly owned subsidiary of Swisscom. Worklink AG opens
up new prospects for Swisscom employees affected by job cuts, by providing them with advice
and support in their search for new employment outside the company or arranging temporary
external or internal placements. The success rate is high, with around 48.5% of employees affected
in 2012 finding another job prior to expiry of the social plan programme.

Swisscom also operates special employment schemes (phased partial retirement, temporary
deployment in similar areas of expertise) in line with its commitment to providing fair solutions
for older employees affected by changes in skill set requirements or redundancy. The pension plan
offers employees opting for early retirement (from age 58) financial support in the form of a bridg-
ing pension until they reach the statutory retirement age.

The new social plan that enters into force on 1 January 2013 continues to offer very good benefits
in the case of redundancy, as well as an increased focus on helping employees improve their mar-
ketability through further training measures.


--- Page 42 ---

See report
page 138

Employee remuneration

Salary system

Competitive pay packages help to attract and retain highly-skilled and motivated specialists and
managerial staff. Swisscom’s salary system comprises a basic salary, a variable performance-
related component and bonuses. The basic salary is determined based on function, individual per-
formance and the job market, while the variable component is dependent on achievement of the
Swisscom Group's overarching targets and individual business segment or division targets. The
targets primarily relate to key financial indicators and improvement in customer satisfaction.
Swisscom’s share bonus rewards selected employees who have been nominated for outstanding
individual achievements. The salary system and terms and conditions of employment for man-
agement staff comply with the recommendations of economiesuisse on the “Swiss Code of Best
Practice in Corporate Governance”. Details on remuneration for members of the Group Executive
Board are provided in the remuneration report.

Minimum wage

There is no legally defined minimum wage in Switzerland. Instead, this is negotiated by the social
partners in the context of collective employment agreements. Swisscom complies with the CEA-
defined minimum wage of CHF 45,500 (for a 40-hour week or 2,080 hours per year). Swisscom is
present throughout Switzerland and the various locations differ little in terms of defining salaries.
Astudy of starting salaries for the youngest employees (up to age 21) at the widely-applied starting
function level found that the average hourly pay for this category is CHF 26.90 for men and women:
23% above the minimum wage rate.

Pay round

In November 2011 Swisscom and the social partners signed a new pay round agreement for the
years 2012 and 2013, as a result of which Swisscom (with the exception of Swisscom IT Services)
increased the total salary payout in 2012 in Switzerland by 1.2%, while the general increase for
employees covered by the CEA amounted to 0.8%. Individual adjustments depending on perform-
ance and current salary level accounted for a further 0.4%. Individual management salaries were
adjusted by a total of 1.1%. Swisscom (excluding Swisscom IT Services) will raise the total salary
payout for employees covered by the CEA in 2013 bya further 1.2% (again 0.8% as a general increase
and 0.4% reserved for individual salary adjustments).

A separate agreement was reached for Swisscom IT Services to reflect the market environment
and competitive situation specific to the IT market. Accordingly, no salary increases were awarded
to Swisscom IT Services in 2012, while for 2013 employees covered by the CEA will be granted
a general increase of 0.8%.

44 | 45

Management commentary



--- Page 43 ---

Group financial review

Key financial figures

In CHF million, except where indicated 2012 2011 Change
Net revenue 11,384 | 11,467 0.7%
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,381 | 4,584 44%
EBITDA as % of net revenue 38.5 | 40.0
Operating income (EBIT) before impairment losses on goodwill 2,431 | 2,681 9.3%
Operating income (EBIT) 2,431 | 1,126 115.9%
Net income 1,762 | 694 153.9%
Share of net income attributable to equity holders
of Swisscom Ltd 1,755 683 157.0%
Earnings per share (in CHF) 33.88 | 13.19 157.0%
Operating free cash flow 1,882 | 2,068 9.0%
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets 2,529 | 2,095 20.7%
Net debt at end of period 8,071 | 8,309 2.9%
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year 19,514 | 20,061 2.7%
Development of revenue from Development of EBITDA in CHF million
external customers in CHF million
16,000 6,000
4,599 4,584
11,988
11,467 11,384 204 183 48h

12,000 926 4,500 oe os 167

2,562 930 937 602

: 2141 2,040 3,806 3,778 seb a
8,000 8,500 8,396 8,407- 3,000 -
4,000 Others 1500 Others
mFastweb mFastweb
m Swisscom mi Swisscom
0 Switzerland ° Switzerland
2010 2011 2012 2010 2011 2012

Development of capital expenditure in CHF million

3,000 2,000
2,529"
146
2.250 —1.903 2,095. 531 1,500
‘aa 383
ag 1,852
1,500 1,000
1,400
1,204
750 Others 500
mFastweb
m Swisscom
0 Switzerland 0
2010 2011 2012

* Including expenses of CHF 360 million for mobile

Development of net income in CHF million

1,788 1,762
. [J

2010

2011 2012

* Including goodwill impairment of CHF 1,189 million less
frequency. taxes.


--- Page 44 ---

Summary

Swisscom’s net revenue fell by CHF 83 million or 0.7% to CHF 11,384 million, while operating
income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) was CHF 203 million or 4.4% lower at
CHF 4,381 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant exchange rates, revenue was up 0.3%
and EBITDA down 0.6% year-on-year. The CHF 1,068 million increase in net income to CHF 1,762
million is largely attributable to the one-off impairment loss on the carrying amount of Fastweb
in the previous year, which reduced net income in 2011 by around CHF 1.2 billion. An unchanged
dividend of CHF 22 per share is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. This
equates a total dividend of CHF 1,140 million and a dividend yield of 5.6% based on the year-end
share price of 2012.

Net revenue generated by Swiss business increased by CHF 25 million or 0.3% to CHF 9,268 million,
while EBITDA was CHF 177 million or 4.5% lower at CHF 3,768 million. Price erosion in Swiss busi-
ness of around CHF 400 million was offset by customer and volume growth. After adjustment for
one-off additional restructuring costs and pension costs not affecting cash flow, EBITDA generated
by Swiss business declined by 2.1%. Excluding wholesale revenue from interconnection services
(hubbing), Fastweb’s net revenue increased in local currency by EUR 8 million or 0.5% to EUR 1,613
million while its low-margin hubbing revenue fell as planned by EUR 54 million to EUR 87 million.
Excluding non-recurring income from the previous year of EUR 56 million, Fastweb increased
EBITDA by EUR 50 million or 11.1% to EUR 500 million.

Capital expenditure and operating free cash flow for 2012 include expenses of CHF 360 million
for the mobile frequencies auctioned in Switzerland in the first quarter of 2012. This led to a cor-
responding increase in capital expenditure of CHF 434 million or 20.7% to CHF 2,529 million and
to a decline in operating free cash flow of CHF 186 million or 9.0% to CHF 1,882 million. Capital
expenditure in Switzerland was CHF 457 million or 29.7% higher at CHF 1,994 million due to expan-
sion of the broadband network and the mobile frequencies acquired by auction. Net debt fell by
CHF 238 million or 2.9% to CHF 8,071 million compared to the end of 2011. The ratio of net debt
to EBITDA remained unchanged at 1.8.

Headcount dropped by 547 FTEs or 2.7% to 19,514 FTEs year-on-year due to efficiency improve-
ments and the outsourcing of network maintenance jobs at Fastweb. In Switzerland headcount
fell by 359 FTEs or 2.2% to 16,269, mainly as a result of efficiency improvements at Swisscom
Switzerland.

Swisscom expects to close 2013 with net revenue of around CHF 11.3 billion, EBITDA of at least
CHF 4.25 billion and capital expenditure of around CHF 2.4 billion. Assuming all 2013 targets are
met, Swisscom plans again to propose a dividend of CHF 22 per share at the 2014 Annual General
Meeting.

46 | 47

Management Commentary

2
S


--- Page 45 ---

Results of operations

Income statement

In CHF million, except where indicated 2012 2011 Change
Swisscom Switzerland 8,407 | 8,396 0.1%
Fastweb 2,040 | 2,141 4.7%
Other operating segments 936 | 929 0.8%
Group Headquarters 1 | 1 -
Revenue from external customers 11,384 11,467 0.7%
Swisscom Switzerland 3,612 3,778 44%
Fastweb 602 | 623 —3.4%
Other operating segments 277 | 334 17.1%
Group Headquarters and elimination (110) | (151) 27.2%
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,381 4,584 4.4%
Net revenue 11,384 11,467 0.7%
Goods and services purchased (2,399) (2,402) 0.1%
Personnel expense (2,581) | (2,513) 2.7%
Other operating expense (2,396) | (2,388) 0.3%
Capitalised self-constructed assets and other income 373 | 420 11.2%
Operating expenses (7,003) (6,883) 1.7%
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,381 4,584 4.4%
Depreciation and amortisation (1,950) (1,903) 2.5%
Operating income (EBIT) before impairment losses on goodwill 2,431 2,681 9.3%
Impairment losses on goodwill - (1,555) -
Operating income (EBIT) 2,431 1,126 115.9%
Financial income and financial expense, net eu (311) 4.8%
Share of results of associates 32 | 30 6.7%
Income before income taxes 2,167 845 156.4%
Income tax expense (405) (151) 168.2%
Net income 1,762 694 153.9%
Share of net income attributable to equity holders
of Swisscom Ltd 1,755 683 157.0%
Share of net income attributable to non-controlling interests 7 | 11 -
Average number of shares outstanding (in millions of shares) 51.801 | 51.801 -
Earnings per share (in CHF) 33.88 | 13.19 157.0%
Share of operating segments in net revenue in % Share of operating segments in EBITDA in %
8% 4%
Others Others
a - —
Swisscom Swisscom
Switzerland Switzerland


--- Page 46 ---

Net revenue

Swisscom’s net revenue fell by CHF 83 million or 0.7% to CHF 11,384 million. On a like-for-like basis
and at constant exchange rates, net revenue increased by 0.3%. At Swisscom Switzerland revenue
generated from external customers increased by CHF 11 million or 0.1% to CHF 8,407 million. Price
erosion of around CHF 400 million was offset by customer and volume growth. Fastweb’s net rev-
enue contracted by 2.6% in local currency to EUR 1,700 million, and by 4.7% in Swiss francs. Exclud-
ing wholesale revenue from interconnection services (hubbing), net revenue at Fastweb was up
by EUR 8 million or 0.5% to EUR 1,613 million. Lower revenue in the residential customer segment
was more than compensated by higher revenue from business customers and wholesale (exclud-
ing hubbing). Net revenue generated by other operating segments increased by CHF 7 million or
0.8% to CHF 936 million, mainly due to higher revenue from construction services performed by
cablex and acquisition of subsidiaries.

Goods and services purchased

Goods and services purchased remained virtually unchanged, dropping by CHF 3 million or 0.1%
to CHF 2,399 million. At constant exchange rates this represents a rise of 0.5%. A decline in pur-
chases at Fastweb, mainly due to the planned reduction in hubbing business and lower termina-
tion rates, was more than compensated by an increase in goods and services purchased by
Swisscom Switzerland on account of a higher number of mobile handsets sold.

Personnel expense

Personnel expense increased by CHF 68 million or 2.7% to CHF 2,581 million due to higher restruc-
turing costs and pension costs totalling CHF 85 million. Adjusted for these effects and at constant
exchange rates, this resulted in a 0.5% decline in personnel expense. Headcount decreased year-
on-year by 547 FTEs or 2.7% to 19,514. The reduction was attributable to efficiency improvements
and the outsourcing of network maintenance jobs at Fastweb.

Other operating expense

Other operating expense increased by CHF 8 million or 0.3% year-on-year to CHF 2,396 million.
At constant exchange rates this represents an increase of 0.9%. Higher expenditure on network main-
tenance and operation at Swisscom Switzerland was offset by lower bad debt losses at Fastweb.

Capitalised self-constructed assets and other income

At CHF 373 million, capitalised self-constructed assets and other income in 2012 were CHF 47 million
or 11.2% lower year-on-year. This includes non-recurring income of EUR 56 million (CHF 69 million)
recognised in the previous year under other income in connection with the settlement of a legal
dispute between Fastweb and another telecoms provider. Adjusted for this one-off item, capi-
talised self-constructed assets and other income were up 6.3% year-on-year.

48 | 49

Management Commentary

2
S


--- Page 47 ---

Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)

Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) fell by CHF 203 million or 4.4%
to CHF 4,381 million. The 2012 result was impacted by higher restructuring costs and pension
costs not affecting cash flow totalling CHF 95 million. In addition, non-recurring income of EUR 56
million (CHF 69 million) at Fastweb was recognised in the previous year in connection with the
settlement of a legal dispute with another telecoms provider. Adjusted for non-recurring effects
and at constant exchange rates, the decline was 0.6% and was mainly attributable to lower oper-
ating income generated by Swisscom Switzerland and Other operating segments. The adjusted
EBITDA at Fastweb increased year-on-year by EUR 50 million or 11.1% to EUR 500 million.

Depreciation and amortisation

Depreciation and amortisation rose by CHF 47 million or 2.5% to CHF 1,950 million, mainly reflect-
inga change inthe useful life of Swisscom Switzerland’s mobile network and increased investment
in the telecoms infrastructure in Switzerland. The mobile network of Swisscom Switzerland is cur-
rently undergoing a comprehensive renewal, which involves replacing all existing base stations,
constructing new stations or expanding those planned and deploying microcells to increase net-
work density. The useful lives of existing assets will be shortened due to the replacement of all
network equipment. The impact on depreciation and amortisation in 2012 is CHF 25 million.
Depreciation and amortisation includes scheduled amortisation related to business combinations
in the amount of CHF 134 million (prior year: CHF 137 million), which have been capitalised as
intangible assets (customer relationships and brands) for purchase price allocation purposes.

Impairment of goodwill

Under IFRS, goodwill must be tested every year for impairment. The test is based on the business
plan, long-term growth rates and the interest rate for projected cash flows. In the previous year
the carrying amount of the Italian subsidiary Fastweb was adjusted downwards by EUR 1,276 million
(CHF 1,555 million). The carrying amount of Fastweb’s net assets was confirmed in the impairment
test conducted in 2012. At 31 December 2012 the carrying amount of Fastweb’s net assets (includ-
ing goodwill) amounted to EUR 2.9 billion (CHF 3.5 billion).

Net financial result

The net financial result improved by CHF 15 million year-on-year to CHF 296 million. Net interest
expense in 2012 amounted to CHF 253 million (prior year: CHF 274 million), and includes interest
rate hedging losses of CHF 4 million (prior year: losses of CHF 38 million).

Investments in associates

Associates mainly covers the share of results of investments in Belgacom International Carrier
Services, Cinetrade, LTV Yellow Pages and Metroweb. The share of results of associates rose year-
on-year by CHF 2 million to CHF 32 million. Dividends received, amounting to CHF 38 million (prior
year: CHF 34 million), largely concern dividends paid by LTV Yellow Pages, Cinetrade and Belgacom
International Carrier Services.

Excluding non-recurring items, Excluding non-recurring items,
net revenue increased by 0.3% EBITDA declined by 0.6% year-on-year.
year-on-year. EBITDA in 2012 totalled

Net revenue in 2012 totalled

1 1 e | billion CHF e billion CHF


--- Page 48 ---

Income tax expense

Income tax expense amounted to CHF 405 million (prior year: CHF 151 million), corresponding to
an effective income tax rate of 18.7% (prior year: 17.9%). In the previous year the effective income
tax rate was impacted by the one-off impairment loss inthe carrying amount of Fastweb. Excluding
non-recurring items, an income tax rate of around 21% is expected in future. Income taxes paid
were CHF 8 million higher than a year earlier at CHF 190 million.

Net income and earnings per share

Net income increased year-on-year by CHF 1,068 million or 153.9% to CHF 1,762 million. In the
previous year net income was reduced by CHF 1,189 million due to the one-off impairment loss
in the carrying amount of Fastweb. Adjusted for this impairment loss, net income declined by
CHF 121 million or 6.4%, primarily due to additional restructuring costs and pension costs not
affecting cash flow, as well as to non-recurring income recognised for Fastweb in the previous year.
Earnings per share is calculated based on net income attributable to equity holders of Swisscom Ltd
and the average number of shares outstanding. The share of net income attributable to equity
holders of Swisscom Ltd increased year-on-year by 157.0% to CHF 1,755 million. Earnings per share
grew accordingly from CHF 13.19 to CHF 33.88.

Impact of exchange rate fluctuations

Swisscom is exposed to the effects of exchange rate fluctuations arising from the translation of
financial statements of foreign subsidiaries into Swiss francs. International business operations
primarily concern the Italian subsidiary Fastweb. The average exchange rates were as follows:

Currency 2012 2011 Change
1EUR 1.204 1.232 2.2%
1USD 0.932 | 0.881 5.8%

The following table shows the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on net revenue, operating
income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) and operating free cash flow:

Change Change in
Development in % in CHF local currency
Net revenue 0.7% 0.3%
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 44% 4.0%
Operating free cash flow 9.0% 9.0%

At the end of 2012 cumulative currency translation adjustments not affecting income and recog-
nised directly in equity amounted to CHF 1,995 million. This corresponds to a year-on-year increase
of CHF 26 million. Cumulative tax effects of CHF 387 million were incurred in connection with for-
eign currency translation adjustments (prior year: CHF 381 million). Foreign currency translation
adjustments are presented in the consolidated balance sheet after deducting tax effects.

50 | 51

Management Commentary



--- Page 49 ---

Operating segment results

Reporting is broken down into the segments Swisscom
Switzerland, Fastweb and Other operating segments.
Swisscom Switzerland includes the segments Residential

Customers, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises, Corporate
Business, Wholesale and Network & IT. Group Headquarters is

disclosed separately.

Development of revenue from external customers
Swisscom Switzerland in CHF million

10,000
8,500 8,396 8,407
7,500
5,000
2,500
0
2010 2011 2012
Revenue mobile
single subscriptions 3086 3104 2,932
Revenue fixnet
single subscriptions 3153 2695 2,470
Revenue bundle subscriptions 341 792 1,172
Revenue others 1920 1'805 1,833
Total 8,500 8,396 8,407

Development of revenue from external customers

Fastweb in EUR million

2,000

1,870 1,738
1,694
1,500
1,000
500
0

2010 2011 2012
Residential Customers 858 758 724
Small and Medium-Sized

Enterprises 765 760 791
Wholesale hubbing 171 141 87
Wholesale others 76 73 92
External revenue 1,870 1,738 1,694

Changes in customer contracts retail
Swisscom Switzerland in thousand

600
450
226 221
300 “yy
150
- | a | . |
0
2010 2011 2012
Fixed-line -173 113 107
Broadband 106 7 66
Swisscom TV 189 187 183
Contracts in fixed-line 122 151 142
Contracts in mobile 226 221 168
Development of broadband access lines
Fastweb in thousand
2,000
1,724 1,767
1,500 1,595*
1,000
500
0
2010 2011 2012

* Adjusted by 197,000 as a result of the settlement of litigations.

™ Mobile
mFixed-line


--- Page 50 ---

Segment revenue and results

Swisscom Switzerland

nc t where indicated 2012 2011 Change
Net revenue and results

Residential Customers 5,113 5,082 0.6%
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 1,161 | 1,154 0.6%
Corporate Business 1,835 | 1,849 0.8%
Wholesale 966 | 997 3.1%
Elimination (614) | (633) —3.0%
Net revenue 8,461 8,449 0.1%
Residential Customers 2,864 2,891 0.9%
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 867 | 880 1.5%
Corporate Business 951 | 971 —2.1%
Wholesale 368 | 391 5.9%
Network & IT (2.439) | (1,355) 6.2%
Elimination 1 | - -
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 3,612 3,778 4.4%
Margin as % of net revenue 427 447

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses (1,053) | (988) 6.6%
Segment result 2,559 2,790 8.3%
Capital expenditure and headcount

Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets 1,852 1,400 32.3%
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year 11,827 | 12,096 2.2%

Swisscom Switzerland’s net revenue increased by CHF 12 million or 0.1% to CHF 8,461 million. Oper-
ating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) fell by CHF 166 million or 4.4% to
CHF 3,612 million. Adjusted for additional restructuring costs and pension costs not affecting cash
flow, EBITDA declined by 2.0%. Capital expenditure was CHF 452 million or 32.3% higher at CHF 1,852
million. The increase was attributable to expenditure of CHF 360 million in connection with the
mobile frequency auction in early 2012 and spending on broadband expansion. Efficiency improve-
ments resulted in a fall in headcount year-on-year of 269 FTEs or 2.2% to 11,827.

The trend towards bundled offerings and new pricing models such as flat-rate tariffs continued
unabated. By the end of 2012 788,000 customers were subscribing to packages such as Vivo Casa,
which combines fixed-line access with telephony, Internet and TV, or Vivo Tutto, which also
includes a mobile line. The year saw the customer base grow by 174,000 customers or 28.3%. The
new NATEL infinity mobile subscriptions launched in June 2012, which offer unlimited phoning,
texting and Internet surfing, proved highly popular and by the end of 2012 were being used by
889,000 customers.

52 |53

Management Commentary
Operating segment results


--- Page 51 ---

Swisscom Switzerland/net revenue

1 CHF million or in thousand 2012 2011 Change
Revenue by services
Revenue mobile single subscriptions 2,932 3,104 5.5%
Revenue fixed-line single subscriptions 2,470 | 2,695 8.3%
Revenue bundles 1,172 | 792 48.0%
Revenue wholesale 594 | 609 2.5%
Other net revenue 1,239 | 1,196 3.6%
Revenue from external customers 8,407 8,396 0.1%
Operational data at end of period in thousands
Fixed access lines 3,013 3,120 —3.4%
Broadband access lines retail 1,727 | 1,661 4.0%
Swisscom TV access lines 791 | 608 30.1%
Mobile access lines 6,217 | 6,049 2.8%
Bundles 788 | 614 28.3%
Unbundled fixed access lines 300 | 306 2.0%
Broadband access lines wholesale in thousand 186 | 181 2.8%

Revenue from external customers increased year-on-year by CHF 11 million or 0.1% to CHF 8,407
million. Price erosion of around CHF 400 million was offset by customer and volume growth. On
25 June 2012 Swisscom launched new mobile subscriptions underthe name infinity. These subscrip-
tions allow Swisscom customers unlimited phoning and text messaging to any network in Switzer-
land as well as unlimited Internet browsing, all for a fixed monthly fee which varies depending on
the data transmission rate. Frequent users in particular benefit from the much more attractive
terms. By the end of 2012, 889,000 customers were taking advantage of the new infinity subscrip-
tions, enjoying the freedom of no longer being billed by volume. Customers switching to a flat-
rate subscription typically increase their call volume and data volume by more than 20% and 100%
respectively. By the end of 2012 the average monthly revenue (ARPU) from customers who switched
to these new subscriptions had dropped by CHF 9. The number of mobile access lines grew year-on-
year by 168,000 or 2.8% to 6.2 million. In 2012 Swisscom sold a total of 1.55 million mobile handsets
(+6.7%), of which around 68% were smartphones. Swisscom further reduced its roaming charges on
1 July 2012. Calls within zone A (European Union and Western Europe) are now 6% cheaper at
CHF 0.75 per minute.

Demand remains high for bundled offerings such as Vivo Casa (which combines fixed-line access
with telephony, Internet and TV) and Vivo Tutto (which also includes a mobile line). The number
of customers using bundled offerings rose year-on year by 174,000 or 28.3% to 788,000. Revenue
from contracts for bundled offerings rose accordingly by CHF 380 million or 48.0% to CHF 1,172
million. The number of Swisscom TV connections increased by 183,000 or 30.1% to 791,000. 2012
saw the number of fixed lines decline by 107,000 or 3.4% to 3.0 million, due primarily tothe number
of customers migrating to cable network operators. Retail broadband access lines grew year-on-
year by 66,000 or 4.0% to 1.73 million, while the number of unbundled subscriber access lines fell
by 6,000 or 2.0% to 300,000.


--- Page 52 ---

Swisscom Switzerland/operating expenses and segment result

In CHF million, except where indicated 2012 2011 Change

Segment expenses by nature of cost

Traffic fees (457) (459) 0.4%
Subscriber acquisition and retention costs (474) | (488) 2.9%
Other direct costs (889) | (825) 7.8%
Direct costs (1,820) (1,772) 2.7%
Personnel expense (1,677) (1,572) 6.7%
Other indirect costs (1,520) | (1,485) 2.4%
Capitalised self-constructed assets and other income 168 | 158 6.3%
Indirect costs (3,029) (2,899) 45%
Segment expenses (4,849) (4,671) 3.8%
Segment result

Segment result before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 3,612 3,778 4.4%
Margin as % of net revenue 427 44.7

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses (1,053) | (988) 6.6%
Segment result 2,559 2,790 8.3%
Capital expenditure and headcount

Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets 1,852 1,400 32.3%
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year 11,827 12,096 2.2%

Segment expense rose by CHF 178 million or 3.8% to CHF 4,849 million. The 4.5% rise in indirect
costs to CHF 3,029 million was due to higher personnel expense and an increase in other operating
expenses. Personnel expense increased by CHF 105 million or 6.7% to CHF 1,677 million due pri-
marily to higher restructuring costs and pension costs of CHF 91 million. At CHF 1,820 million, direct
costs were CHF 48 million or 2.7% higher year-on-year due to higher costs for goods and services
purchased, while subscriber acquisition costs were CHF 14 million or 2.9% lower at CHF 474 million.
The segment result before depreciation and amortisation fell by CHF 166 million or 4.4% to
CHF 3,612 million, narrowing the profit margin accordingly by 2.0 percentage points to 42.7%.
Adjusted for the additional restructuring costs and pension costs not affecting cash flow, EBITDA
declined by 2.0%, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 43.8%. Depreciation and amortisation increased
year-on-year by CHF 65 million or 6.6% to CHF 1,053 million. The increase was attributable to a
change in useful lives due to the replacement of all mobile network installations and to increased
investment activity. The segment result ended the year CHF 231 million or 8.3% lower at CHF 2,559
million. Capital expenditure was CHF 452 million or 32.3% higher year-on-year at CHF 1,852 million,
and includes expenditure of CHF 360 million on mobile frequencies. Excluding these expenses, cap-
ital expenditure increased by CHF 92 million or 6.6% due to broadband network expansion. Effi-
ciency improvements resulted in a fall in headcount year-on-year of 269 FTEs or 2.2% to 11,827 FTEs.

By the end of 2012
the new flat-rate subscriptions had attracted

889,000...

54|55

Management Commentary
Operating segment results


--- Page 53 ---

Fastweb

1 EUR million, except where indicated 2012 2011 Change
Residential Customers 724 758 45%
Corporate Business 791 | 760 4.1%
Wholesale hubbing 87 | 141 38.3%
Wholesale other 92 | 79 16.5%
Revenue from external customers 1,694 1,738 2.5%
Intersegment revenue 6 8 -
Net revenue 1,700 1,746 2.6%
Segment expenses (1,200) (1,240) 3.2%
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation 500 506 1.2%
Margin as % of net revenue 29.4 29.0
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets 441 | 448 1.6%
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year 2,893 | 3,081 6.1%
Broadband access lines at end of year in thousand 1,767 | 1,595 10.8%
Development of revenue Development of EBITDA in EUR million

from external customers in EUR million

2,000

2,000

1,870
1,738 1,694
1,500 1,500
1,000 1,000
500 500
‘30 | 506 | 500 |
0 0

2010 2011 2012 2010 2011 2012

Fastweb’s net revenue contracted year-on-year by EUR 46 million or 2.6% to EUR 1,700 million as
a consequence of the planned reduction in wholesale revenue from low-margin interconnection
services (hubbing), which fell by EUR 54 million year-on-year. Excluding hubbing, revenue grew by
EUR 8 million or 0.5% to EUR 1,613 million. Broadband customers grew by 172,000 or 10.8% to
1.77 million year-on-year. In 2012, 87,000 customers signed up for Fastweb’s bundled TV and
broadband offering in partnership with Sky Italia, bringing the total number of customers to
151,000 since the service was launched in 2011. Intense competition reduced average revenue per
residential broadband customer by around 11%, lowering revenue from residential customers by
EUR 34 million or 4.5% to EUR 724 million. By contrast, revenue from corporate business increased
by EUR 31 million or 4.1% to EUR 791 million, while wholesale revenue (excluding hubbing) grew
by EUR 13 million or 16.5% to EUR 92 million year-on-year.

The segment result before depreciation and amortisation totalled EUR 500 million, corresponding
to a year-on-year fall of EUR 6 million or 1.2%. The segment result of the previous year contains
non-recurring income of EUR 56 million relating to a legal settlement with another telecoms
provider. Adjusted for this one-off item, the segment result before depreciation and amortisation
improved by EUR 50 million or 11.1% to EUR 500 million. The improvement was largely attributable
to lower bad debt losses. Adjusted for the aforementioned non-recurring income, the profit margin
increased by 3.6 percentage points to 29.4%.

Headcount at the end of 2012 totalled 2,893 FTEs, a year-on-year reduction of 188 FTEs or 6.1%.
The fall was mainly due to the outsourcing of network maintenance jobs. Capital expenditure
declined by EUR 7 million or 1.6% to EUR 441 million, resulting in a ratio of capital expenditure to
net revenue of 25.9% (prior year: 25.7%). Around 39% of investment spending was directly related
to customer growth.

Inthe third quarter of 2012 Fastweb reached an agreement with the Italian authorities concerning
a VAT lawsuit and tax investigations. Following payment of EUR 74 million, all claims have been
settled. Provisions and liabilities recognised in the past for income taxes cover the settlement costs.
Following closure of the case, VAT and income tax assets of EUR 117 million blocked by the Italian


--- Page 54 ---

authorities were released for repayment to Fastweb. By the end of 2012 Fastweb had received
EUR 57 million in tax credit repayments.

In the consolidated financial statements of Swisscom, the weaker euro negatively impacted rev-
enue and the segment result before depreciation and amortisation. The average CHF/EUR
exchange rate fell by 2.2% year-on-year. In Swiss franc terms, net revenue declined by 4.7%, versus
2.6% in local currency. The segment result before depreciation and amortisation was 3.4% lower
in Swiss francs and 1.2% lower in local currency.

Net revenue Customer base 10.8% higher
(excluding revenue from hubbing) year-on-year at 1.77 million.
rose by 0.5% to In 2012 customer base grew by

e billion EUR 1 2 thousand

56 |57

Management Commentary
Operating segment results


--- Page 55 ---

Other operating segments

1 CHF million, 2012 2011 Change
Revenue from external customers 936 929 0.8%
Intersegment revenue 792 | 779 1.7%
Net revenue 1,728 1,708 1.2%
Segment expenses (1,451) (1,374) 5.6%
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation 277 334 -17.1%
Margin as % of net revenue 16.0 19.6
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets 167 | 169 1.2%
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year 4,454 | 4,515 1.4%
Development of revenue Development of EBITDA in CHF million

from external customers in CHF million

1,200

900 925

600

300

1,200

929 936 900
600
300 337 334
277 |
0

2010 2011 2012 2010 2011 2012

Revenue from external customers increased year-on-year by CHF 7 million or 0.8% to CHF 936 million,
driven mainly by higher revenues generated by cablex from construction services, as well as from
the acquisition of subsidiaries. Revenue from external customers generated by Swisscom IT
Services dropped by CHF 10 million or 1.9% to CHF 521 million, mainly due to lower revenue from
project business as a result of the difficult market environment. Intersegment revenue was
CHF 13 million or 1.7% higher year-on-year at CHF 792 million. The increase was mainly attribut-
able to the higher volume of services procured from Swisscom IT Services by other segments.
Segment expense rose by CHF 77 million or 5.6% year-on-year to CHF 1,451 million, mainly due
to higher restructuring and pension costs as well as higher costs incurred by Swisscom Real Estate,
and higher costs at cablex in connection with revenue growth as well as higher costs resulting
from acquisition of subsidiaries. The segment result before depreciation and amortisation was
CHF 57 million or 17.1% lower at CHF 277 million. Adjusted for non-recurring costs, the segment
result before depreciation and amortisation declined by 5.7%. Headcount at the end of 2012 was
61 FTEs or 1.4% lower than a year earlier, at 4,454 FTEs. The reduction was primarily due to the
lower headcount at Swisscom IT Services as a result of efficiency improvements, and was partly
offset by additional resource requirements at cablex and acquisition of subsidiaries. At CHF 167
million, capital expenditure was CHF 2 million or 1.2% lower year-on-year. Reduced investments
by Swisscom IT Services in IT infrastructure were almost fully offset by higher investment activities
at Swisscom Real Estate due to ongoing construction projects.

Group Headquarters
The segment result before depreciation and amortisation improved by CHF 44 million or 34.1% to

CHF-85 million, largely on account of a one-off adjustment in pension cost of CHF 38 million due
to amendments to the pension plan in December 2012.


--- Page 56 ---

Quarterly review 2011 and 2012

1. 2. 3. 4. 1 2. 3. 4.
In CHF million, except where indicated quarter quarter quarter quarter «2011 quarter quarter quarter quarter. = 2012
Income statement

Net revenue 2,862 2,860 2,816 2,929 11,467 2,802 2,819 2,806 2,957 11,384
Goods and services purchased (599) (578) (552) (673) (2,402) (555) (566) (566) (712) (2,399)
Personnel expense (635) (638) (588) (652) (2,513) (670) (653) (601) (657) (2,581)
Other operating expenses (577) (578) (574) (659) (2,388) (564) (551) (590) (691) (2,396)
Capitalised costs and other income 75 78 148 119 420 91 83 78 121 373
Operating income (EBITDA) 1,126 1,144 1,250 1,064 4,584 1,104 1,132 1,127 1,018 4,381
Depreciation and amortisation (478) (466) (469) (490) (1,903) (481) (482) (491) (496) (1,950)
Impairment losses on goodwill - - — (1,555) (1,555) - - - - -
Operating income (EBIT) 648 678 781 (981) 1,126 623 650 636 522 2,431
Net interest expense (46) (63) (89) (76) (274) (58) (66) (67) (62) (253)
Other financial result 4 (31) lo (20),—s (37)~—s«() (2) (3) (27) ~—«(43)
Result of associates 4 5 9 12 30 6 8 11 7 32
Income before income taxes 610 589 711 (1,065) 845 560 590 577 440 2,167
Income tax expense (136) (101) = (145) 231 (151) (104) (118) (118) (65) (405)
Net income 474 488 566 (834) 694 456 472 459 375 1,762
Share attributable to equity holders

of Swisscom Ltd 469 485 564 (835) 683 453 468 458 376 = =-1,755
Share attributable to

non-controlling interests 5 3 2 1 11 3 4 1 (a) 7
Earnings per share (in CHF) 9.05 9.36 10.89 (16.11) 13.19 8.75 9.03 8.84 7.26 33.88
Net revenue

Swisscom Switzerland 2,081 2,101 2,114 2,153 8449 2,079 2,086 2,108 2,188 8461
Fastweb 562 546 492 551 2,151 510 516 492 530 2,048
Other operating segments 414 423 425 446 1,708 427 425 415 461 1,728
Group Headquarters 2 1 2 2 7 - 1 - 1 2
Intersegment elimination (197) (211) (217) = (223) ~—s (848) = (214) = (209) = (209) = (223) ~— (855)
Total net revenue 2,862 2,860 2,816 2,929 11,467 2,802 2,819 2,806 2,957 11,384
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation

Swisscom Switzerland 948 948 986 896 = 3,778 940 944 947 781 = 3,612
Fastweb 139 152 212 120 623 131 149 148 174 602
Other operating segments 69 78 88 99 334 71 75 70 61 277
Group Headquarters (25) (30) (30) (44) (129) (33) (30) (34) 12 (85)
Intersegment elimination (5) (4) (6) (7) (22) (5) (6) (4) (10) (25)
Total segment result (EBITDA) 1,126 1,144 1,250 1,064 4,584 1,104 1,132 1,127 1,018 4,381
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets

Swisscom Switzerland 270 333 378 419 1,400 337 329 679 507 1,852
Fastweb 126 123 141 162 552 135 140 118 138 531
Other operating segments 32 36 45 56 169 36 49 45 37 167
Group Headquarters - - = 1 a - - - 1 1
Intersegment elimination (6) (5) (8) (8) (27) (6) (3) (6) (7) (22)
Total capital expenditure 422 487 556 630 82,095 502 515 836 676 = 2,529
Full-time equivalent employees at end of year

Swisscom Switzerland 11,814 11,942 12,131 12,096 12,096 11,966 11,880 11,850 11,827 11,827
Fastweb 3,103. 3,101 =3,106 = 3,081 3,081 = 3,064 = 3,032, 2,911 2,893 2,893
Other operating segments 4394 4,431 4428 4,515 4,515 4537 4546 4,492 4454 4,454
Group Headquarters 353 355 367 369 369 347 347 342 340 340
Total headcount 19,664 19,829 20,032 20,061 20,061 19,914 19,805 19,595 19,514 19,514
Operating free cash flow 463 548 522 535 2,068 483 496 279 624 1,882
Net debt 8,559 9,356 8,789 8,309 8,309 8390 9,144 8622 8,071 8,071

58 | 59

Management Commentary
Operating segment results


--- Page 57 ---

Quarterly review 2011 and 2012

1. 2. 3. 4. 1 2. 3. 4.
In CHF million, except where indicated quarter quarter quarter quarter «2011's quarter quarter quarter quarter. = 2012
Swisscom Switzerland
Revenue and results
Residential Customers 491 513 531 490 2,025 465 476 474 443 1,858
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 116 123 127 122 488 119 125 118 110 472
Corporate Business 142 153 152 144 591 147 155 152 148 602
Revenue mobile single subscriptions 749 789 810 756 3,104 731 756 744 701 = 2,932
Residential Customers 405 384 369 361 = =1,519 354 336 328 320 1,338
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 141 138 138 135 552 136 132 128 127 523
Corporate Business 157 156 154 157 624 153 152 151 153 609
Revenue fixed-line single subscriptions 703 678 661 653 2,695 643 620 607 600 2,470
Residential Customers 151 172 196 218 737 233 250 281 296 =1,060
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 41 13 14 17 55 20 22 32 38 112
Revenue bundles 162 185 210 235 792 253 272 313 334 = «61,172
Total revenue single subscriptions
and bundles 1,614 1,652 1,681 1,644 6,591 1,627 1,648 1,664 1,635 6,574
Solution business 82 91 87 103 363 85 87 83 100 360
Hardware sales 140 129 115 148 532 137 136 122 166 561
Wholesale 163 151 151 144 609 153 147 151 143 594
Revenue other 68 65 67 101 301 63 55 68 132 318
Total revenue from external customers 2,067 2,088 2,101 2,140 8,396 2,065 2,073 2,093 2,176 8,407
Residential Customers 1,201 1,213) 1,232 1,260 4,906 1,208 1,204 1,227 1,300 4,939
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 276 282 287 282 «1,127 281 287 284 283 «1,135
Corporate Business 427 442 431 454 1,754 423 435 431 450 1,739
Wholesale 163 151 151 144 609 153 147 151 143 594
Revenue from external customers 2,067 2,088 2,101 2,140 8,396 2,065 2,073 2,093 2,176 8,407
Segment result before depreciation and amortisation
Residential Customers 737 730 744 680 = 2,891 745 740 728 651 2,864
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 215 222 225 218 880 219 222 219 207 867
Corporate Business 229 246 250 246 971 231 237 244 239 951
Wholesale 106 93 100 92 391 95 89 93 91 368
Network & IT (339) (344) (332) (340): (1,355) (349) (345) =~ (336) = (409): (1,439)
Intersegment elimination - 1 (a) - - (1) 1 (1) 2 1
Total segment result (EBITDA) 948 948 986 896 83,778 940 944 947 781 93,612
Margin as % of net revenue 45.6 45.1 46.6 416 44.7 45.2 45.3 44.9 35.7 427
Fastweb, in EUR million
Residential Customers 191 194 186 187 758 182 182 179 181 724
Corporate Business 183 186 182 209 760 183 196 193 219 791
Wholesale hubbing 39 39 31 32 141 27 28 16 16 87
Wholesale other 20 19 18 22 79 29 22 19 22 92
Revenue from external customers 433 438 417 450 1,738 421 428 407 438 1,694
Segment result (EBITDA) 107 123 177 99 506 109 124 121 146 500
Margin as % of net revenue 24.7 28.1 424 22.0 29.0 25.8 28.8 29.7 33.3 294
Capital expenditure in property,
plant and equipment
and other intangible assets 98 99 119 132 448 112 116 98 115 441
Broadband access lines in thousand? 1,733 1,741 #1560 1,595 1,595 1654 1673 1,704 1,767 1,767

2 Asa result of the settlement of litigations, Fastweb reduced the number of access lines by 197,000 in the third quarter of 2011.



--- Page 58 ---

Quarterly review 2011 and 2012

1. 2. 3. 4. 1 2. 3. 4.
in thousand, except where indica quarter quarter quarter quarter «2011 quarter quarter quarter quarter. = 2012
Swisscom Switzerland

operational data

Access lines

Single subscriptions 2,822 2,744 2,672 2,604 2,604 2,536 2465 2407 2,350 2,350
Bundles 380 425 471 516 516 S57 593 627 663 663
Fixed access lines 3,202 3,169 3,143 3,120 3,120 3,093 3,058 3,034 3,013 3,013
Single subscriptions 1141 #1106 1,072 1,047 1,047 1,023 995 969 939 939
Bundles 464 512 563 614 614 659 699 739 788 788
Broadband access lines retail 1,605 1,618 1,635 1,661 1,661 1,682 1,694 1,708 1,727 1,727
Single subscriptions 214 216 214 225 225 236 245 248 270 270
Bundles 255 296 342 383 383 419 449 480 521 521
Swisscom TV access lines 469 512 556 608 608 655 694 728 791 791
Prepaid single subscriptions 2,222 2,230 2,244 2,249 2,249 2,243 2,231 2,210 2,199 2,199
Postpaid single subscriptions 3,555 3,596 3612 3,646 3,646 3,657 3,654 3,672 3,702 3,702
Mobile access lines single subscriptions 5,777 5,826 5,856 5,895 5,895 5,900 5,885 5,882 5,901 5,901
Bundles 84 87 124 154 154 182 229 271 316 316
Mobile access lines 5,861 5,913 5,980 6,049 6,049 6,082 6,114 6,153 6,217 6,217
Broadband access lines wholesale 214 202 192 181 181 179 176 181 186 186
Unbundled fixed access lines 270 285 297 306 306 312 317 310 300 300
Bundles

2play bundles 209 216 221 231 231 240 237 239 248 248
3play bundles 255 296 309 330 330 347 374 387 403 403
4play bundles _ = 33 53 53 72 88 113 137 137
Total bundles 464 512 563 614 614 659 699 739 788 788
Data traffic in million

Fixed-line traffic in minutes 2,243 2,061 2,003 2,118 8425 2,158 1,989 1,847 1,961 7,955
Mobile traffic in minutes 1669 1675 1642 1,77 6663 1,654 1,633 1,612 1,683 6,582
Data SMS mobile 724 730 747 739 2,940 691 694 694 677 2,756
Swisscom Group

Information by geographical regions

Net revenue in Switzerland 2,283 2,297 2,307 2,356 9,243 2,278 =2,285 92,299 2,406 9,268
Net revenue in other countries 579 563 509 573 2,224 524 534 507 551 2,116
Total net revenue 2,862 2,860 2,816 2,929 11,467 2,802 2,819 2,806 2,957 11,384
EBITDA Switzerland 984 989 1,035 937 = 3,945 972 986 984 826 = 3,768
EBITDA other countries 142 155 215 127 639 132 146 143 192 613
Total EBITDA 1,126 1,144 1,250 1,064 4,584 1,104 1,132 1,127 1,018 4,381
Capital expenditure in Switzerland 312 373 427 425 1,537 366 374 718 536 1,994
Capital expenditure in other countries 110 114 129 205 558 136 141 118 140 535
Total capital expenditure 422 487 556 630 = 2,095 502 515 836 676 = 2,529
Full-time equivalent employees

in Switzerland 16,209 16,380 16,588 16,628 16,628 16,503 16,426 16,339 16,269 16,269
Full-time equivalent employees

in other countries 3,455 3,449 3444 3,433 3,433 3,411 3,379 3,256 3,245 3,245
Total headcount 19,664 19,829 20,032 20,061 20,061 19,914 19,805 19,595 19,514 19,514

60 | 61

Management Commentary
Operating segment results


--- Page 59 ---

Group financial position

Financial position

Cash flows
In CHF million 2012 2011 Change
Operating income before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 4,381 4,584 (203)
Capital expenditure in property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets (2,529) | (2,095) (434)
Proceeds from sale of tangible and other intangible assets 25 | 37 (12)
Change in defined benefit obligations (84) | (91) 7
Change in net working capital and other cash flows from operating activities 103 | (360) 463
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (14) | (7) (7)
Operating free cash flow 1,882 2,068 (186)
Net interest paid (236) (251) 15
Income taxes paid (190) | (182) (8)
Free cash flow 1,456 1,635 (179)
Other cash flows from investing activities, net 1 113 (112)
Issuance and repayment of financial liabilities, net (75) | (723) 648
Dividends paid to equity holders of Swisscom Ltd (1,140) | (1,088) (52)
Purchase of non-controlling interests of Fastweb - | (92) 92
Other cash flows from financing activities (18) (11) (7)
Net increase (Net decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 224 (166) 390
Free cash flow in CHF million
4,381 -2,529
25 103 1,882 236
=84 =14 -190
1,456
EBITDA Capital Proceeds Change in Changein Dividends Operating —Net interest Taxes Free
expenditure fromsale defined net working tonon- free cash paid paid cash flow
of assets benefit capital controlling flow
obligations interests

Operating free cash flow declined by CHF 186 million or 9.0% to CHF 1,882 million, mainly due to
increased capital expenditure and, in particular, expenses of CHF 360 million for the mobile fre-
quencies auctioned in Switzerland in 2012. Excluding these expenses, operating free cash flow
would have been 8.4% higher. The CHF 84 million change in defined benefit obligations is attrib-
utable to the higher figure for contribution payments versus pension costs. The change in net
working capital and other operating cash flows improved by CHF 463 million to CHF 103 million,
chiefly due to lower trade receivables. Income tax payments increased from CHF 182 million to
CHF 190 million. Dividend payments paid by Swisscom to shareholders in 2012 amounted to
CHF 1,140 million (prior year: CHF 1,088 million).


--- Page 60 ---

Net asset position

Balance sheet

In CHF million 31.12.2012 31.12.2011 Change
Assets

Cash and cash equivalents and current financial assets 578 387 49.4%
Trade and other receivables 2,824 | 2,978 5.2%
Property, plant and equipment 8,549 | 8,222 4.0%
Goodwill 4,662 | 4,664 0.0%
Other intangible assets 2,121 | 1,879 12.9%
Associates and non-current financial assets 465 | 429 8.4%
Income tax assets 472 | 356 32.6%
Other current and non-current assets 423 535 20.9%
Total assets 20,094 19,450 3.3%
Liabilities and equity

Financial liabilities 8,783 | 8,831 0.5%
Trade and other payables 2,159 | 2,190 14%
Defined benefit obligations 2,801 | 1,977 41.7%
Accrued liabilities 840 | 903 7.0%
Income tax liabilities 425 | 281 51.2%
Other current and non-current liabilities 930 972 4.3%
Total liabilities 15,938 15,154 5.2%
Share of equity attributable to equity holders of Swisscom Ltd 4,132 4,272 3.3%
Share of equity attributable to non-controlling interests 24 24 =
Total equity 4,156 4,296 3.3%
Total liabilities and equity 20,094 19,450 3.3%
Equity ratio at end of year 20.7% 22.1%

Total assets rose by CHF 0.6 billion or 3.3% to CHF 20.1 billion, driven primarily by higher expen-

diture on auctioned mobile licences and investments in broadband networks in Switzerland.

In CHF million 31.12.2010 31.12.2011 31.12.2012 Change
Property, plant and equipment 7,899 8,222 8,549 327
Goodwill 6,261 4,664 4,662 | (2)
Other intangible assets 2,023 1,879 2,121 | 242
Other operating assets, net (817) (552) (682) (130)
Other net operating assets 15,366 14,213 14,650 437
Net debt (8,848) (8,309) (8,071) 238
Defined benefit obligations (1,283) (1,977) (2,801) | (824)
Income tax assets and liabilities, net (216) 75 47 | (28)
Investments in associates 231 233 268 | 35
Other assets, net 100 61 63 2
Equity 5,350 4,296 4,156 (140)

62 | 63

Management Commentary

Group financial position


--- Page 61 ---

Goodwill

The net carrying amount of goodwill is CHF 4,662 million, the bulk of which relates to Swisscom
Switzerland (CHF 3,930 million) and arose primarily in 2007 in connection with the repurchase of
the 25% stake in Swisscom Mobile Ltd sold to Vodafone in 2001. Following the repurchase, the
mobile, fixed-network and solutions businesses were organisationally combined and merged to
create the new company Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd. The valuation risk of this goodwill item is
extremely low. Adjusted for the impairment loss in the previous year, the net carrying amount of
Fastweb goodwill is EUR 492 million (CHF 594 million). Goodwill in respect of other operating seg-
ments amounts to CHF 138 million.

Post-employment benefits

The defined benefit obligations disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are measured
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Net obligations recognised
on the balance sheet amounted to CHF 2,801 million, an increase of CHF 824 million year-on-year.
The increase is primarily due to a lower discount rate and a change in the principles underlying
mortality assumptions (generation tables). A difference of some CHF 3.1 billion exists between
the pension obligations measured in accordance with Swiss financial statements reporting pro-
visions (Swiss GAAP ARR) and the measurement in accordance with IFRS standards relevant for
the consolidated financial statements. The main reasons for this are the application of differing
actuarial assumptions with regard to the discount rate (CHF 1.8 billion) and life expectancy
(CHF 0.5 billion), and a different actuarial measurement method (CHF 0.8 billion). IFRS measure-
ment takes into account future salary, contribution and pension increases as well as future cases
of disability and early retirements.

Equity

Equity declined by CHF 140 million or 3.3% to CHF 4.156 million. Net income of CHF 1,762 million
was unable to compensate fully for dividend payments of CHF 1,154 million (including minority
interests) and net losses of CHF 741 million recognised directly in equity. Net losses recognised
directly in equity include non-cash actuarial losses from pension plans totalling CHF 908 million
as well as unrealised losses of CHF 26 million resulting from currency translation of foreign
Group companies. The CHF/EUR exchange rate fell from 1.216 at the end of 2011 to 1.207.
At 31 December 2012, cumulative currency translation losses recognised in equity amounted to
CHF 1,608 million (after tax).

Distributable reserves are calculated on the basis of equity reported in the separate financial state-
ments of Swisscom Ltd in accordance with statutory accounting provisions, rather than on the
basis of equity as disclosed in the consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with Inter-
national Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). At 31 December 2012, the equity of Swisscom Ltd
amounted to CHF 5,144 million. The difference between this amount and equity disclosed in the
consolidated balance sheet is essentially due to earnings retained by subsidiaries as well as dif-
ferent accounting and valuation methods. Under Swiss company law, share capital and that part
of the general reserves representing 20% of the share capital may not be distributed. At 31 Decem-
ber 2012, Swisscom Ltd had distributable reserves of CHF 5,082 million.


--- Page 62 ---

Net debt

Net debt comprises financial liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, current financial assets and
non-current, fixed-interest-bearing deposits. Swisscom’s goal is to achieve a maximum net
debt/EBITDA ratio of around 2. This value may be exceeded temporarily. Any figure below this rep-
resents financial room for manoeuvre.

In CHF million, except where indicated 31.12.2010 31.12.2011 31.12.2012 Change
Net debt 8,848 8,309 8,071 2.9%
Ratio total liabilities/total assets 74.6% 77.9% 79.3% |
Ratio net debt/equity 17 19 19 | -
Ratio net debt/EBITDA 19 18 18 | -
Development of net debt in CHF million
8,309 8,071
Net debt Operating Dividends Net interest Taxes paid Other Net debt
11.2012 free cash flow expense effects 31.12.2012

The ratio of net debt to EBITDA remained unchanged year-on-year at 1.8. In recent years Swisscom
has taken advantage of favourable capital market conditions with a view to optimising the interest
and maturity structure of the Group’s financial obligations. The share of the Group’s variable-rate
financial liabilities amounts to around 20%.

Maturity profile of financial liabilities

Swisscom aims for a broadly diversified debt portfolio. This involves paying particular attention to
balancing maturities and a diversification of financing instruments and markets. The following
table shows the maturity profile of interest-bearing financial liabilities at nominal value as at
31 December 2012:

6465

Due within Duewithin Duewithin Due within _Due after
In CHF million lyear 1to2years 3toSyears 6tol0years 10 years Total
Bank loans 187 - 852 - 86 1,125
Debenture bonds 550 1,250 1,100 2,000 500 5,400
Private placements 130 202 600 350 - 1,282
Finance lease liabilities 7 6 21 35 570 639
Other financial liabilities 8 3 - - - 1

Management Commentary
Group financial position

Total 882 1,461 2,573 2,385 1,156 8,457



--- Page 63 ---

Capital expenditure

Introduction

Swisscom remains committed to maintaining the high quality of its network infrastructure in
Switzerland, in particular by making targeted investments in fibre-optic network expansion and
migration to an all-IP-based infrastructure.

The volume of data transmitted over the fixed and mobile networks has risen sharply, and this trend
is set to continue in the years ahead. Modern communication and media services, video portals and
streaming services as well as new business applications such as video conferencing will continue to
generate ever-higher traffic volumes and drive up demand for ever-bigger bandwidths. In the fixed
network, Swisscom is addressing this trend by expanding the fibre-optic network, based on a multi-
fibre cooperation approach. As well as promoting infrastructure competition with other platforms
(cable networks), such an approach fosters competition between fibre-optic network providers and,
in so doing, enables maximum innovation in network architecture and services. Fibre-optic expan-
sion is accompanied by extending local distribution nodes and deploying DSL technology to enable
coverage and bandwidth to be increased over the short and medium term. To keep pace with the
growing volume of data transmitted over the mobile network, Swisscom is further expanding capac-
ities based on current mobile standards such as HSPA/HSPA+. Swisscom has also equipped its first
sites with the new LTE (Long Term Evolution) mobile technology which enables higher data speeds
and supports higher data volumes. The LTE-enabled network is initially available in 26 Swiss locations,
and will be comprehensively rolled out as from 2013. In the first quarter of 2012 Swisscom partici-
pated successfully in the mobile frequency auction, and acquired all of its preferred frequency blocks.
This means Swisscom will have access to at least double the amount of frequency spectrum for
its mobile network in future. The newly acquired frequencies will allow further expansion of the
mobile network to meet current and future customer needs. The mobile licences newly issued by
the Federal Communications Commission (ComCom) run until the end of 2028.

Fastweb operates Italy's second largest network and is a leader in multimedia and broadband service
development. The company’s network comprises a proprietary fibre-optic network with high-
speed connections and copper-based broadband access infrastructures.

Development of capital expenditure in CHF million

4,000

3,000

2,000

1,000

1,903

6
586

1311

2,529.

3

2,095 sa
5

553 1994

1,537

Other countries
italy
m Switzerland

2010 2011 2012


--- Page 64 ---

Capital expenditure in the 2012 financial year

In CHF mill 2010 2011 2012 Change
Fixed access 378 409 425 3.9%
Mobile access 163 151 226 | 49.7%
Expansion of the fibre-optic network 173 301 317 | 5.3%
Customer driven 146 172 162 | 5.8%
Projects and others? 344 367 362 | 1.4%
Mobile frequencies - - 360 | -
Swisscom Switzerland 1,204 1,400 1,852 32.3%
Fastweb 585 552 531 —3.8%
Other operating segments 130 169 167 | 1.2%
Group Headquarters and elimination (16) (26) (21) 19.2%
Total capital expenditure in tangible
and other intangible assets 1,903 2,095 2,529? 20.7%
Total capital expenditure as % of net revenue 15.9 18.3 22.2

+ Including All IP migration.

? Excluding capital expenditure totalling CHF 32 million in a real-estate project for which a sales contract was signed and an advance

payment made by the buyer in the same amount.

Swisscom’s capital expenditure increased in 2012 by 20.7% to CHF 2,529 million. This includes
CHF 360 million for investments in existing and new mobile frequencies. Excluding these invest-
ments, capital expenditure was up by 3.5% and amounted to 19.1% of net revenue (prior year:
18.3%), with Swisscom Switzerland accounting for 73%, Fastweb for 21% and other operating seg-

ments for 6%. At constant exchange rates and excluding mobile frequency investments, t!

is rep-

resents an increase of 4.1% and is mainly attributable to higher capital expenditure incurred by

Swisscom Switzerland.

Swisscom Switzerland

Capital expenditure incurred by Swisscom Switzerland rose year-on-year by CHF 452 million or
32.3% to CHF 1,852 million. Excluding mobile frequency investments, capital expenditure was
CHF 92 million or 6.6% higher, corresponding to 17.6% of net revenue (prior year: 16.6%). The

increase was mainly attributable to expenditure on broadband network expansion.

Fastweb

Fastweb’s capital expenditure fell year-on-year by CHF 21 million or 3.8% to CHF 531 million. In
local currency terms, this represented a drop of EUR 7 million or 1.6%. Customer-driven invest-

ments in 2012 accounted for around 39% of total capital expenditure (prior year: 40%).

Other operating segments.

At CHF 167 million, capital expenditure incurred by Other operating segments was CHF 2 million
or 1.2% lower year-on-year. Reduced investments in IT infrastructure were practically offset by
higher investment activities at Swisscom Real Estate due to ongoing construction projects.

66 | 67

Management Commentary

Group financial review


--- Page 65 ---

Supplement and outlook

Events after the balance sheet date

The Swisscom Board of Directors approved the release of this Annual Report on 6 February 2013.
No significant events occurred between the balance sheet date and this date.

Outlook

Financial outlook

In 2013, Swisscom anticipates stable revenue of CHF 9.34 billion, excluding Fastweb. EBITDA
(excluding Fastweb) is expected to decline to CHF 3.64 billion. A new standard for pension fund
accounting will lead to a CHF 110 million increase in costs not affecting cash flow. Furthermore,
the steady growth in customers and volumes will bring about an increase in direct costs, mainly
in the acquisition of new customers and the procurement of handsets. The maintenance and fur-
ther expansion of the network infrastructure will also result in a temporary increase in indirect
costs.

In 2013, Swisscom expects capital expenditure (excluding Fastweb) to rise to CHF 1.75 billion. Cap-
ital expenditure of CHF 1.65 billion in 2012 was CHF 50 million below the original forecast for the
year. A slight acceleration in investment activity is anticipated in 2013, which should make up for
the shortfall.

In 2013, Fastweb is forecast to enjoy stable growth in revenue in local currency, excluding hubbing,
of EUR 1.6 billion. EBITDA at Fastweb is expected to stay at the previous year’s level of EUR 500
million. Due to the expansion of the fibre-optic networks in Italy, investments are expected to rise
to EUR 550 million.

Based on the current CHF/EUR exchange rate of 1.23, Swisscom therefore expects Group revenue
of around CHF 11.3 billion, EBITDA of at least CHF 4.25 billion and capital expenditure of around
CHF 2.4 billion.

If all targets are met, Swisscom will again propose a dividend of CHF 22 per share for the 2013
financial year to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.


--- Page 66 ---

Risks

The aim of the risk management system is to assess risks in
order to optimise business performance and enable calculated
risks to be taken.

Risk management system

Swisscom’s Group-wide enterprise risk management (ERM) system takes both internal and external
events into account. Swisscom applies the standards laid down by COSO II (Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission) and ISO standard 31000. The ERM of Swisscom there-
fore complies with the various requirements of corporate governance of Swisscom as well as the
requirements of Swiss law.

Objectives

The objectives of Swisscom’s ERM system are to protect the company’s enterprise value; to estab-
lish and operate an appropriate and recognised Group-wide risk management system; to ensure
meaningful, comprehensive reporting at the relevant level; to provide appropriate documentation;
and to uphold a corporate culture that fosters risk awareness and effective risk management. Risks
denote the probability of occurrence of events or situations which negatively affect the company’s
ability to achieve its objectives.

Organisation

The Board of Directors delegates responsibility for implementing the ERM system to the CEO of
the Swisscom Group. Central Risk Management reports directly to the CFO. It coordinates all organ-
isational units charged with risk management tasks and oversees these insofar as this is required
for reporting purposes. This ensures a comprehensive Group-wide ERM system as well as the cor-
responding risk reporting throughout Swisscom. As part of their remit, employees entrusted with
risk management tasks have unrestricted right to information and the authority to access and
view all relevant documents and records.

Swisscom employs special instruments in individual risk areas. In financial risk management, for
example, quantitative tools (sensitivity analyses) are used to assess interest rate and currency risks.
Reputation and brand risks are monitored and managed by Group Communications, while com-
pliance risks or financial reporting risks (ICS) are overseen by specialist central organisational units
which report to the central Risk Management organisational unit.

Process

The main risks to which Swisscom is exposed are identified in a comprehensive risk analysis. Each
risk is assigned a risk owner. To enable the early identification, assessment and management of
risks, including their inclusion in strategic planning, the central Risk Management organisational
unit works closely with the Strategy department and other relevant departments. Risk manage-
ment covers risks in the areas of strategy, operations, market, finance, compliance and financial
reporting. The risks are assessed according to their probability of occurrence and their qualitative
and quantitative effects, and managed on the basis of a risk strategy. The risks are evaluated in terms
of their impact on the key performance indicators reported by Swisscom. The risk profile is reviewed
and updated quarterly. The Board of Directors’ Audit Committee and the Swisscom Group Executive
Board are informed about significant risks, their potential effects and the status of measures on

68 | 69

2
s
=
o
€
€
3
30
=
o
£
o
0
c
<
S
=

5
3
o
a

ks



--- Page 67 ---

See Report
page 128

a quarterly basis, and the Board of Directors on an annual basis. The effectiveness of the risk strate-
gies and measures taken is assessed quarterly. Information on the internal control system, compli-
ance management and internal auditing is provided in Section 3.9 of the Corporate Governance
Report, “Controlling instruments of the Board of Directors vis-a-vis the Group Executive Board”.

General statement on the risk situation

Risks are driven by changes in technology, the regulatory framework, markets, competition and
customer behaviour. The importance of established telecoms services is continuing to decline, and
the associated loss of revenue from the traditional core business must be compensated by growth
in customers and volume as well as new services. The economic environment remains highly
uncertain and is having an effect among other things on customers and suppliers. Over the long
term the trend in the ICT market will necessitate fundamental changes in the approach to risks
related to human capital, technology and the business model. Forthcoming decisions of a regula-
tory nature entail a latent risk which can have a major impact on Swisscom’s financial develop-
ment, as illustrated by the following selection of key risk factors.

Risk factors

Telecommunications market

Changes within the telecoms market, structural adjustments and competition from service
providers who do not maintain their own telecoms infrastructure are exerting pressure on trans-
formation. It remains to be seen which technologies and services will emerge the winners. Current
trends are increasingly necessitating the integration of a growing number of technologies and
devices in order to win new customers and provide multimedia services. The integration and oper-
ation of new infrastructures entails significant risks in terms of interfaces to the existing infra-
structure. The occurrence of such risks could delay implementation of the strategy or have a detri-
mental effect on customer satisfaction. Swisscom has initiated measures to counter technology
risks in the network and IT area.

Politics and regulation

For Swisscom, telecommunications and antitrust legislation entail risks which can have a sus-
tained impact on the company’s future financial position and results of operations and hence
could negatively impact Swisscom’s products and services as well as its investment activities. The
main risks concern the possibility of stricter price regulations for leased lines, for example, which
would further restrict Swisscom’s room for manoeuvre, or sanctions bythe Competition Commission
which could reduce Swisscom’s operating results and damage the company’s good reputation.
New initiatives for a revision to the Telecommunications Act (TEA) and the related ordinance (OTS)
further increase the regulatory risk. These include a possible regulation of roaming charges, mobile
telephony and fibre-optic technology and establishment of the principle of network neutrality.
A change in the method used to calculate costs relating to regulated access services could have
also negative implications for Swisscom.

Increased demands on the part of the regulator with regard to basic service provision (for example,
universal entitlement to a faster Internet) or for cooperation in the fight against crime (for example,
entitlement to real-time monitoring of mobile phones) would push up expenditure considerably and
have an adverse impact on Swisscom’s results.


--- Page 68 ---

Access network expansion

Customer demand for broadband access is growing rapidly, as is the popularity of mobile devices
and IP-based services (smartphones, IP TV, OTTs, etc.). Swisscom faces tough competition from
cable companies and other network operator as it strives to meet current and future customer
needs and to defend its market shares. The necessary network expansion calls for major invest-
ments which need to be amortised over several decades. To mitigate financial risks and optimise
coverage, expansion is determined by population density and customer demand. The risks would
be substantial if Swisscom were forced to spend more on network expansion than planned or if
there were a decline in expected long-term earnings. Risks can be minimised by adapting expan-
sion of the access network to changing framework conditions.

Human capital and transformation

Constant changes in framework conditions and markets necessitate a change in corporate culture.
The key challenges in this context lie in maintaining employee motivation and high staff loyalty
despite cost pressure, while managing growth and efficiency, increasing employees’ ability to
adapt their skills, and maintaining Swisscom’s attractiveness as an employer. Swisscom is there-
fore implementing a transformation programme focused on corporate culture, human capital,
structural and process organisation.

Market consolidation in Italy, regulation and recoverability of Fastweb’s assets

Apotential consolidation of the Italian market would have significant ramifications for Swisscom’s
subsidiary Fastweb. In addition, Italy’s economic development and competitive dynamics carry
risks which could have an adverse impact on Fastweb’s strategy and jeopardise projected revenue
growth. The impairment test for 2012 confirmed the recoverable value of Fastweb. The recover-
ability of Fastweb’s net assets recognised in the consolidated financial statements is contingent
above all on achievement of the financial targets projected in the business plan (revenue growth,
improvement in EBITDA margin and reduction in capital expenditure rate). If future growth is lower
than projected, there is a risk that this will result in a further impairment loss. Major uncertainty
also surrounds the future interest rate trend. An increase in interest rates can also result in an
impairment loss. Fastweb’s business operations are influenced by European and Italian telecom-
munications legislation. Regulatory risks can jeopardise the achievement of targets and reduce
the enterprise value.

Business interruption

Usage of Swisscom’s services is heavily dependent on technical infrastructure such as communi-
cations networks and IT platforms. Any major disruption to business operations poses a high finan-
cial risk as well as a substantial reputation risk. Force majeure, human error, hardware or software
failure, criminal actions by third parties (for example computer viruses or hacking) or the ever-
growing complexity and interdependence of modern technologies can cause damage or interrup-
tion to operations. To mitigate these risks Swisscom operates a business continuity management
(BCM) programme so as to restore interrupted services as quickly as possible. Built-in redundancy,
contingency plans, deputising arrangements, alternative locations, careful selection of suppliers
and other measures are designed to ensure that Swisscom can deliver the level of services that
customers expect at all times.

Information technologies

Swisscom is in the midst of a transformation from line-switched TDM technology to IP technology.
This transformation should enable Swisscom to develop and roll out new products and services
more flexibly, efficiently and most cost-effectively than before. Initial results are positive, but
Swisscom is entering new territory and therefore taking on higher risks. Swisscom’s highly complex
IT architecture entails high risks during both the implementation and operating phase. These risks

70 | 71

Management Commentary

Risks


--- Page 69 ---

©

See
www.cdproject.net/en-US

have the potential among other things to impact competitiveness due to the delayed rollout of
newservices and increased costs. The transformation is being monitored by the Swisscom Switzer-
land Management Board.

Environment and health

Electromagnetic radiation (for example from mobile antennas or mobile handsets) has repeatedly
been claimed to be potentially harmful to the environment and to health. Under the terms of the
Ordinance on Non-lonising Radiation (ONIR) Switzerland has adopted a so-called precautionary
principle and introduced limits for base stations which are ten times higher than the EU's limits.
The public’s wary attitude to mobile antenna sites in particular is impeding Swisscom’s network
expansion. There is a future risk that regulations governing electromagnetic emissions and legal
requirements for the construction of mobile base stations may be further tightened. This would
result in additional costs for network expansion and operation. Even without stricter legislation,
public concerns about the effects of electromagnetic radiation on the environment and health
could further hamper the construction of wireless networks in the future and drive up costs. Such
concerns could also reduce the intensity of mobile phone usage.

Climate change poses risks for Swisscom in the form of increasing levels of precipitation as well as
higher average or extreme temperatures. These trends could impact the operability of Swisscom’s
telecoms infrastructure, particularly in view of the potential risk to base stations and local
exchanges. The analysis of risks and opportunities posed by climate change is based on the official
reports of the Federal Office for the Environment (FOEN) on climate change, published in October
2007 and October 2011.

Swisscom attaches high importance to sustainability. The major challenges in this context lie in
ensuring efficient use of resources (notably energy) while guaranteeing provision of appropriate
communications services to consumers. Swisscom’s situation as national infrastructure provider,
coupled with the expectations of the relevant stakeholder groups, specifically customers and the
federal government in its role as principal shareholder, place high demands on the company.

Economic instability

The debt crisis and high volatility in markets are causing instability and uncertainty about eco-
nomic developments in Europe, in particular in the southern part of the euro zone, with a potential
adverse effect on the state of domestic economies, consumer behaviour and hence on the sales
of Swisscom products and services. This could jeopardise the performance targets of Swisscom,
especially those of its Italian subsidiary Fastweb. Swisscom’s pension fund, comPlan, experienced
a phase of higher volatility. The Board of Trustees has adopted various measures aimed at ensuring
the fund’s long-term financial stability.


--- Page 70 ---

Corporate Responsibility

We have

a responsibility.
Swisscoms
four strategic priorities
and other
commitments.

Corporate responsibility strategy



--- Page 71 ---

Corporate responsibility Strategy Context and principles
Strategic priorities
Corporate responsibility governance and implementation

Sustainable living and working Environment and objectives
Climate-friendly products and services for residential customers
Green ICT for business customers
Low-radiation communications technologies

Sustainable use of resources Environment and objectives
Energy-efficient infrastructure
Climate
Environmental key figures in Switzerland
Swisscom’s responsibility in the supply chain
Supplier risk management

Telecommunications for all Environment and objectives
Basic service provision
Data protection
Protecting minors in the media and promoting media skills
Internet for Schools initiative
Offerings for people with disabilities

Responsible em ployer Environment and objectives
Staff development

Staff recruitment

Health and safety in the workplace
Diversity

Employee satisfaction

Employees in figures

Innovation and development Innovation process
Successes
Long-term Swisscom investments

Certificate External evaluation of Swisscom



--- Page 72 ---

Corporate responsibility strategy

Swisscom takes responsibility seriously — now and in the future.
To this end, it relies on the corporate responsibility strategy

(CR strategy) with its four strategic priorities.
Swisscom pushed ahead in 2012 with dovetailing its CR and
corporate business strategy.

Context and principles

Factors of

long-term >
responsibility

v

Awareness of business-
critical needs

of customers and
stakeholders

> Integrity and

holistic thinking

Positioning

Swisscom as a

leading company

v

v

v

v

Ensure the long-term
business success

of the company
Assume a pioneering role
in ecology and support
customers’ efforts to

be more climate friendly
by providing them with
the corresponding
products and services
Act ina socially respon-
sible manner and take
the lead in promoting
media competency and
protecting minors

in the media

Be an attractive,
socially responsible
employer

>

Strategic
priorities

F
Sustainable living
and working

ae,

Sustainable use
of resources

oe

: 7,
Telecommunications

for all

> is

Responsible
employer

Focus of
implementation in
2013/2014

> Integration of
corporate responsibility
strategy with corporate
business strategy and
link to the Group's core
business

> Differentiation on
the market

Sustainable management and long-term responsibility are the core values to which Swisscom is
committed. They are reflected in the corporate business strategy and defined in concrete terms in
the CR strategy. In the year under review, Swisscom continued to work on firmly anchoring envi-
ronmental and social aspects into its core business, in addition to economic aspects. This will help
Swisscom to position itself as a leading company in the area of sustainability.

74|75

Corporate Responsibility

Corporate Responsibility St

ey



--- Page 73 ---

See Report

page 26

Strategic priorities

Swisscom’s corporate responsibility activities focus on issues which have high relevance for stake-
holders and at the same time are closely linked to the company’s core business. Swisscom has the
following four strategic priorities:

Sustainable living and working

Swisscom supports
customers in their pursuit
of a sustainable way

of living and working.

Swisscom supports customers in their endeavours to conserve resources. Green ICT enables com-
panies to massively reduce energy consumption and CO, emissions: video conferencing and home-
office solutions generate savings in travel time and costs, and buildings and networks can be man-
aged in an energy-efficient manner thanks to ICT solutions. Swisscom offers Green ICT Check,
a simple tool that enables companies to assess their potential energy and CO, savings. Swisscom
also provides residential customers with numerous ways to manage their carbon footprint, from
online billing to a recycling service for mobile phones.

Main goal:
Swisscom aims to increase revenue generated from Green ICT services by 10% a year.

Sustainable use of resources

We work closely with
our suppliers to ensure
the highest standards
of sustainability in
terms of how we use
natural resources.

Swisscom is among Switzerland’s ten biggest purchasers of electricity. It meets its full electricity
requirements from renewable domestic energy sources and is one of the biggest purchasers of
wind and solar power in Switzerland. Since 1998, Swisscom has substantially cut CO, emissions
from vehicles and buildings. Swisscom also requires that suppliers comply with high ecological
and corporate social responsibility standards.

Main goal:
Swisscom aims to improve energy efficiency by 20% vis-a-vis the 2010 reference year.


--- Page 74 ---

Telecommunications for all

Swisscom is committed
to ensuring that
everyone in Switzerland
knows how to use digital
media safely and securely.

Swisscom enables everyone in Switzerland to access digital media and also helps them to use
these media responsibly. To date, Swisscom has provided free Internet access to around 6,800
schools and introduced over 100,000 first-time users to the digital world through training courses.
Swisscom also provides technical products and offerings aimed at protecting young people in the
use of online media and promoting media skills.

Main goal:
Swisscom will hold 800 courses (15,000 pupils) in 2013 aimed at improving media skills
of young people and adults.

Responsible employer 5
2
Swisscom is one of _
the most popular 2?
: 3
employers in ed
! 4
Switzerland and 32
acts in a socially £2
responsible manner. ae
8%
Swisscom offers employees the opportunity to develop their knowledge and skills and promotes 8

work-life balance. Fair terms and conditions of employment are as important to Swisscom as an
active social partnership and an above-average commitment to vocational training. Employees
also have the chance to get involved in social and community projects, for example, by participat-
ing in the Corporate Volunteering Programme.

Main goal:
To ensure diversity, Swisscom aims to increase the percentage of women in management
to 20% in the medium term.


--- Page 75 ---

2)

See Appendix
www.swisscom.ch/GRI-2012

See
wwwaadmin.ch/
documentation

io)

See Appendix
www.swisscom.ch/GRI-2012

See Report
pages 31-32

Further commitment

In addition to the four strategic priorities, Swisscom is committed to a wide range of social and
cultural areas. More information on this report and on Swisscom’s commitment can be found in
the appendix, which can be called up online. Numerous activities in research and development
are also part of Swisscom’s long-term responsibility. The innovation process and selected innova-
tion projects are described in the last part of this section.

Swisscom’s responsibility towards the public

Commitments and participation

As a responsible corporate citizen, Swisscom actively participated in discussions on the following
issues during the reporting year:

> Sustainable conduct in the ICT sector

ICT in the education system

Improvements in customer service (for example, consumer protection)

Nationwide provision of the mobile and broadband infrastructure in Switzerland
Improvement of customer information systems (for example, information on mobile phone
services for customers abroad)

> ICT und energy reform

>
>
>
>

During the year under review, Swisscom submitted statements as part of consultations at federal
level on the proposed revision of the anti-trust law, as well as the revision of the Telecommunica-
tions and Radio and Television Act (RTVG). The statements can be viewed on the website of the
authorities in question.

These statements are based on the following principle: promotion of self-regulation and compe-
tition in an open marketplace. Numerous attractive new customer offers and major investments
made in the reporting year underscore this principle.

Common.-interest associations

Swisscom is involved in various industry associations: economiesuisse, SwissHoldings, ICT Switzer-
land, Glasfasernetze Schweiz and asut. It has a seat on the Boards of economiesuisse, Glasfaser-
netze Schweiz and asut, where it seeks to promote stable, legal framework conditions as a prereq-
uisite for continued investment in costly infrastructure expansion. Swisscom invested around
CHF 1.6 billion in Switzerland’s telecoms infrastructure in 2012.

Memberships and partnerships

Swisscom works as an association member or in projects with various partners on specific issues

relating to the four strategic priorities.

> Sustainable living and working: the myclimate foundation; the Swiss Research Foundation on
Mobile Communication (FSM)

> Sustainable use of resources: Energy Agency for Industry (EnAW); WWF Switzerland;
Global e-Sustainability Initiative

> Telecommunications for all: Swiss Foundation for the Protection of Children; Federal Social
Insurance Office — a national programme that promotes media skills and access for all.

> Responsible employer: Swiss Women’s Network; the Swiss Employer's Association

Further partnerships are listed in the appendix.

Swisscom’s targets

The following table shows the targets for each strategic priority and in CR governance, and how much
progress has been made. The indicators below, which are in accordance with GRl,relate to reporting
boundaries such as those described in the section Group structure and organisation.


--- Page 76 ---

The most important indicators

Priorities of the CR Strategy Targets Status/Measures
The target is considered achieved if within a tolerance of 5%,
not achieved or exceeded outside the tolerance
Management/Governance
Reporting boundaries/Data collection 2012: 2012 target achieved
Specification of reporting boundaries and expansion of data collection Consolidation of data List of group companies continuously updated,
systems for sustainability reporting collection integration of new companies in the data collection system
2013: ‘Measure 2013:

KPI: The extent to which management systems and indicators within the
reporting boundary are covered

Integration in processes

> Further integration in process Acquisition and Mutation

Anti-corruption (GRI-SO2)

KPI: Implementation of training on anti-corruption directive

2012:
Training of divisions at risk
2013:

Training integrated in
Compliance Process

2012 target achieved

Hint: KPI was adjusted in 2012 (restriction to divisions at risk)
Measure 2013:

> Further development and establishment of training

Sustainable living and working

Rise in net revenue in Green ICT portfolio (GRI-EN26)
Eco-friendly products and services for corporate customers (B2B)

KPI: Rise in net revenue in the defined Green ICT portfolio

2012:
+10% versus prior year
2013:
+10% versus prior year

2012 target not achieved (8.8%)
Measures 2013:

> Promote further eco-friendly offerings
> Issue of further Green ICT certificates
> Project partnerships with NGO

Expand the portfolio of eco-friendly offerings (GRI-EN26)
KPI: Number of offerings certified by myclimate (NGO)

2012:
Residential customers: 3
Corporate customers: 17
2013:

Residential customers: 3
Corporate customers: 19

2012 target residential customers not achieved (1)

2012 target corporate customers exceeded (18)

‘Measures 2013:

> Evaluate suitable products or design suitable new products and services
> Determine environmental benefits compared to standard products

> Current portfolio at www.swisscom.ch/myclimate

Mobile phone take-back (GRI-EN26) 2012: 2012 target achieved (11.4%)
Increase of the return rate 12% ‘Measures 2013:
. 2013: > Raise awareness among shop staff
KPI: Return rate (percentage of sold mobile phones returned for recycling) vay > Communication campaign
Reduction in paper consumption (GRI-EN26) 2015: Percentage reached in 2012: 15% (865,000 customers)
30% Hint: KPI was adjusted in 2012
KPI: Percentage of residential customers switching to online billing Moncures 2013.
> New products with online billing as default payment method
> Direct mailing for suitable customer segments
> Joint action with the WWF (Switzerland)
Training of Touch Point (shop/call centre) staff (GRI-EN26) 2012: 2012 achievement is not measured, but integrated CR stronger in
Shop and call centre staff trained in customer concerns/messages relating | 30% basic training
to environmental/social accountability 2013: ‘Measure 2013:

KPI 2012: Number of trained Touch Point staff
KPI 2013: Training on Corporate Responsibility (CR)

Course set up and performed
for the first time

> Develop and rollout specific course

Sustainable use of resources

Environmental management system (EMS)
Applicability of individual EMS requirements extended to include Group
companies in Switzerland

KPI: Number of established and trained contacts at Group companies in
Switzerland

2012:
7

2013:

Completed. No further target

2012 target achieved (17)
> 14 contact points without an EMS
> 3 contact points with an EMS

Renewable energy (GRI-EN4) 2012: 2012 target achieved (100%)
100% Measures 2013:
ee Patent to which electricity requirements are covered by renewable 2013: > Purchase of renewable energies (electri
ey 100% > Compensation with certificates
> Verification by WWF
Energy efficiency (electricity) (GRI-EN6) 2015: Increase in efficiency 2010-2012: +15%

Continual increase in energy efficiency
KPI: Increase in energy efficiency EE
Basis 1.1.2010

> TEC = total energy consumption
> AES = accumulated energy savings

Source: adapted from FOEN guidelines

+20% compared to
January 1: 2010

Measures 2013:

Implementation of other cost-cutting and efficiency measures
including

Use of Mistral cooling system (cooling with fresh air)
Decommissioning and technology improvements
Increased efficiency in data centres

>
>
>
> Virtualisation of servers

Reduction in direct CO, emissions (GRI-EN18)
Focus on direct emissions from fossil fuels (Scope 1)

KPI: CO,-emissions from fuel consumption

2015:
12% compared to
January 1" 2010

Reduction achieved 2010-2012: -6%

Measures 2013:

> Implementation of further efficiency measures

> Further implementation of the procurement roadmap (vehicles)

78 |79

Corporate Responsibility

Corporate Responsibi

ity Strategy



--- Page 77 ---

Priorities of the CR Strategy Targets Status/Measures
The target is considered achieved if within a tolerance of 5%,
not achieved or exceeded outside the tolerance
Optimised CO, emissions of vehicles fleet (GRI-EN29) 2012: 2012 target exceeded (131 g CO,/km)
Focus on direct emissions from fossil fuels (Scope 1) 138 g CO,/km Measure 2013:
KP: Average CO, emissions per car in gram CO,/km according to 2 OO hn > Further implementation of the procurement roadmap (vehicles)
manufacturer data 8 CO
2015:
110g CO,/km
Responsibility in the supply chain
Risk evaluation of supply partners from high-risk product groups (GRI-HR2) | 2012: 2012 target achieved (100%)
KPI: Percentage of supply partners subjected to a risk evaluation (as % of p07

total number of supply partners from high-risk product groups)

Completed. No further target

Risk evaluation of supply partners from medium-risk product groups
(800 supply partners) (GRI-HR2)

KPI: Percentage of supply partners subjected to a risk evaluation (as % of

2012:
25% (200)
2013:

2012 target exceeded (27.8%/223)
Measures 2013:
> Delivery partners from product groups with medium risk profile are

° 35% (280) evaluated using an evaluation form and prioritised if necessary
total number of supply partners from medium-risk product groups) > Appropriate risk reduction measures can be defined, implemented and
maintained
Review of supply partners from medium-risk product groups (GRI-HR2) 2012: 2012 target
: 7 a)é a) achieved (6)
KPI: a) waned Gus partners with a high-risk profile who have been b) 80 b) not achieved (28), due to adaptation of technical solution (E-TASC)
b) Number of supply partners with a medium risk profile, which carried | 202° Measures 2013:
eee , a)4 a) Perform audits within the framework of the Joint Audit Cooperation
b) 30 (IAC) of supply partners with a high-risk profile
b) Number of delivery partners with a medium risk profile, which carried
out a self-declaration
Implementation of CR agreements (GRI-HR2) 2012: 2012 target achieved (93%)
90% Measure 2013:
KPI: Percentage of order volume generated with supply partners who have | 50% > Expand CR specifications to include other supply partners
signed the Swisscom CR agreements —
Telecommunications for all
Promoting media skills: Media courses for parents and teachers (GRI-PR6) | 2012: 2012 target exceeded (5,240)
5,000 Measures 2013:
KPI: Number of external participants in the media courses on offer 5,000 oe expanding the range of online platform
5,000 > Further marketing of the offer
Promoting media skills: Courses for pupils (secondary school) (GRI-PR6) 2012: 2012 target exceeded (640/11,957 pupils)
; 600 (10,800 pupils) Measures 2013:
KPL2012: Number of training courses 2013: > Further development of the course program

KPI 2013: Number of pupils

15,000 (ca. 800 training
courses)

> Intensification of communication

Promoting media skills: User courses for senior citizens (GRI-PR6)

KPI: Number of participants

2012:

2012 target not achieved (12,831)

Measures 2013:

> Further development of the course program
> Intensification of communication

Access for all (accessibility) (GRI-SO1)
Improve barrier-free nature of Swisscom’s online presence

KPI: Achieve AA rating in accordance with Web Content Accessibility
Guidelines

2012:
AA rating for online presence
2013:
AA rating for online presence

2012 target not achieved

Measure 2013:

> Implementation of recommendations in the current online accessibility
projects

Responsible employer

Diversity (GRI-LA1)
Increase proportion of women in management to 20%

KPI: Percentage of women in management
(Group Executive Board and Management levels 1 to 5)

Medium term (3-5 years):
20%

Starting point 2010: 9.9%

Percentage 2012: 11.0%

Hint: KPI was extended in 2012 on entire management
Measures 2013:

> Special mentoring programmes

> Transparent and targeted recruitment

> Women’s network

> Talent Management

Occupational health management (GRI-LA7)
Reduction in the staff absence rate

KPI: Absences in days/target days (weighted by FTE) x 100;
target days are based on the standard working hours

2015:
2.1%

Starting point 2010: 3.0%

Percentage 2012: 2.9%

Measures 2013:

> Further professionalise case management

> More professional application of the pro-presence method

> Instil personal prevention culture line managers and employees

Corporate Volunteering (GRI-LA)

KPI: Number of volunteer days

1,000 days

2012 target exceeded (748 days)

Measures 2013:

> Expansion of the use of corporate volunteering, etc. as a
staff development tool



--- Page 78 ---

See
www.swisscom.ch/
basicprinciples

Corporate responsibility governance and implementation

Embedded in the strategy

The Board of Directors of Swisscom is committed to pursuing a strategy oriented on sustainability.
The Board addresses economic, ecological and social issues in plenary sessions and in the various
Board committees. Implementation of the strategy is delegated to the CEO of Swisscom Ltd. The
CEO can transfer powers and responsibilities to subordinate units and is supported in operational
management by the members of the Group Executive Board.

The Group Communications & Responsibility division is responsible for the implementation of the
CR strategy.

Board of Directors’ responsibility

The Board of Directors is responsible for approving the long-term CR strategy. It acknowledged the
present governance report and targets for 2013 and approved the strategic priorities. The Board
of Directors is informed in quarterly reports on the implementation status of the CR strategy and
achievement of the targets.

Responsibility of the Group Executive Board

The Group Executive Board convenes twice a year to discuss further development of the CR strategy

and four times a year to discuss its implementation. In November, it reviews the past year and

approves the goals for the coming year.

The Group Executive Board has the following controlling instruments at its disposal, which were

introduced in 2010:

> Weekly reports prepared by Group Communications & Responsibility, with information on
measures and trends

> Quarterly reports, with information on the key performance indicators based on the strategic
priorities

> Quarterly reports drawn up by Risk Management

In March 2011, Group Executive Board members and members of the Executive Board of Swisscom

Switzerland were nominated as internal sponsors for the strategic priorities of the CR strategy.

They are responsible for progress and performance within their respective priority areas. The areas

of responsibility are aligned to the core tasks of the respective Group Executive Board members

and defined as follows:

> Overall management: Head of Group Communications & Responsibility

> Sustainable living and working: Head of Residential Customers, Head of SME, Head of Corpo-
rate Business and the CEO of Swisscom IT Services Ltd

> Sustainable use of resources: Head of Network & IT and the CFO of Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd

> Telecommunications for all: Head of Residential Customers

> Responsible employer: Head of Group Human Resources

This ensures that the priority areas are binding and firmly embedded in the company.

80 | 81

Corporate Responsibility

Corporate Responsibility Strategy


--- Page 79 ---

Role of the corporate responsibility team

The CR team is responsible for coordinating the implementation of the CR strategy, including lever-
aging synergies across all divisions. The team’s specific tasks are:

Drawing up the CR strategy (goals/priorities) in conjunction with line and support units
Supporting the sponsors from the Group Executive Board

Coordinating implementation of the strategy and initiation of measures

Formulating requirements for implementation of the CR strategy

Engaging in dialogue with stakeholders

Engaging in dialogue with strategic partners (including NGOs)

Reporting to internal and external stakeholders

Liaising with Group Finance & Controlling in the area of sustainability reporting, and drawing
up the Annual Report

Vvuvvvvvy

Line units and the corporate responsibility network

Depending on the strategic priority in question, measures are implemented in project teams or line
units. Further management members are designated for each division and these persons are respon-
sible for implementing the measures at operational level in close collaboration with the CR team.

Members of the Group Executive Board are responsible

GEB/MB members provide line units with support and advice.

Board of Directors

Strategy
Decisions Vt Reporting
Group Executive Board (GEB)/Management Board (MB)
Controlling
Targets Vt Reporting
Controlling/
Coordination
Performance KPIs. y
measurement Tracking <

Periodical
reviews

Integrated GRI reporting
in accordance with GRI At

Decisions yt Reporting Functional Ny
controlling,

CR network in the lines and project teams
Implementation


--- Page 80 ---

Sustainable living and working

Fy

©

See
www.swisscom.ch/greenict

2)

See
www.swisscom.ch/radiation

Swisscom supports customers in their pursuit of a sustainable way
of living and working. Climate-friendly and low-radiation products
and services to residential customers and Green ICT services to
business customers belong to its portfolio.

Environment and objectives

A study by the Global e-Sustainability Initiative found that the ICT sector has the potential to cut
global CO, emissions by some 15%, for example, by replacing business trips with videoconferenc-
ing or establishing communications solutions for home offices. Furthermore, the optimisation of
vehicle fleets, the use of energy-efficient services from data centres and the intelligent control of
buildings, equipment and power networks all contribute to lowering CO, emissions and saving
energy using ICT technology.

Swisscom is aware of its responsibility in the ICT sector and undertakes a host of initiatives to
structure its offerings in a more resource-friendly and energy-efficient manner, as well as offering
products and services to help customer reduce their CO, emissions and save energy.

Ecological, socially acceptable product innovation

The CR strategy is an integral part of the product design process, during which information is gath-
ered onthe effects of new products on the four strategic priorities using a CR checklist. If the effects
are shown to be substantial, the appropriate measures are taken.

Measures for increasing net

revenue from Green ICT products:

>» Expanding the portfolio to
include eco-friendly products

> Issuing Green ICT
certificates to customers

> Entering into project partnerships

> Communicating and marketing
the Green ICT portfolio

Mobile phone recycling
Swisscom Mobile Aid
Number of devices returned in 2012

170...

82 | 83

Corporate Responsibility

Corporate Responsibility St

ey

Sustainable living and working


--- Page 81 ---

See
www.swisscom.ch/
ecopoints

©

See
www.swico.ch

See
www.swisscom.ch/
SwisscomMobileAid

Climate-friendly products and services for residential customers

Offering for residential customers

During the year under review, Swisscom Switzerland's Residential Customer segment consolidated
its programme for sustainable living and working. The aim of the programme is to optimise prod-
ucts and services from an ecological point of view (for example in terms of radiation and energy
efficiency) and ensure transparency in communication with residential customers.

Life-cycle assessments of Swisscom’s networks and devices carried out in recent years have con-
sistently identified the following three aspects as the main environmental impact factors:

> Energy consumed by devices through customer use

> Energy consumed producing the devices

> Energy consumed by network elements

Measurable successes of the programme in the reporting year:

> 1-W set-top box: Swisscom launched new models of the set-top boxes in spring 2012 which
feature a low power mode with an energy consumption of only 0.4 watt. Swisscom further
developed the low power mode until November 2012 so it now also offers the programmed
recording feature. This means that all new set-top boxes can now be supplied with the low
power mode as the default setting. Aside from a slightly longer start-up time, customers expe-
rience no disadvantages whatsoever as a result of this change.

> Ecomode plus: cordless phones with Ecomode plus emit only minimal levels of radiation. Almost
all of the cordless phones sold by Swisscom are now Ecomode plus models.

Swisscom is making existing customers aware of the following possibilities for saving energy:

> Set-top boxes: activation of the power-saving mode, if the customer has one of the new set-
top boxes on which the low power mode is not the default setting, and the option of switching
off the set-top box when they are not being used — provided that the customer has another
set-top box.

> Eco points: mobile handsets of individual makers differ not only in terms of design and per-
formance but also in terms of environmental compatibility. Information on the energy con-
sumption or the raw materials used in the manufacture of the devices until now has not been
readily available to customers. To create more transparency, Swisscom became the first provider
to introduce eco points in Switzerland in 2011. All the devices in Swisscom’s portfolio are rated
according to three equally weighted criteria: low energy consumption, low energy consumption
in manufacture and responsible choice of raw materials. Eco points are limited to ecological
aspects. The more points a device receives, the greater the environmental compatibility. This
means that in future customers will be able to factor environmental compatibility into their
purchase decisions. In 2012, Swisscom began further developing the eco point rating system
and applying it to fixed-line devices. As of the start of 2013, Swisscom customers will thus be
able to benefit from the independent eco point rating provided by myclimate when purchasing
fixed-line devices.

> Recycling: Swisscom provides a two-year guarantee on all telecoms devices such as phones,
modems, mobile phones and mobile unlimited USB modems and also offers repair services. In
addition, any electronic devices from the Swisscom range can be returned to Swisscom for recy-
cling, and equipment such as routers is reused where possible. This service is performed in
cooperation with SWICO Recycling, the recycling commission of the Swiss Association for Infor-
mation, Communication and Organisational Technology and is financed by a recycling fee
charged in advance. Recycling statistics are available from SWICO.

> Swisscom Mobile Aid (formerly Solidarcomm): in 2012, around 170,000 mobile handsets were
returned for recycling and many of these were sold via a third-party company to countries where
there is a demand for low-priced second-hand devices. All proceeds from the sales go to the
réalise social organisation and the terre des hommes suisse and SOS Kinderdorf Schweiz relief
organisations. Devices that can no longer be sold are professionally recycled. The return rate of
used mobile handsets has increased in comparison to previous years. This is in large part due
to a Swiss-wide collection drive launched in November 2012 in collaboration with Valora,
SOS-Kinderdorf and the Ringier media enterprise. The Swiss population turned out in large
numbers to donate their old mobile handsets. The response rate in 2012 amounted to 11.4%
(prior year: 8.9%) and the target of 12% was thus met (tolerance threshold of 5%).


--- Page 82 ---

See
www.swisscom.ch/
billonline

2)

See
www.swisscom.ch/
myclimate

> Online billing: online billing is increasingly seen as an attractive, environmentally friendly alter-
native to a paper bill. The number of customers who opted to receive their bill online rose from
723,000 in 2011 to 865,000. This represents an increase of 19.6% as of the end of 2012 compared
with the previous year. Swisscom has taken a wide range of steps to further improve the appeal
of online billing, primarily by showing the customer that online billing not only benefits the envi-
ronment, but also saves the customer time and money thanks to the simplified procedure.

Green ICT for business customers

Green ICT programme

Swisscom’s Green ICT programme features products and services that are designed to help busi-

ness customers reduce their energy consumption and CO, emissions. The following categories

apply to Green ICT services:

> Reducing business travel: virtual conferences, solutions for home offices and mobile working,
solutions for optimising logistics

> Saving energy: outsourcing and virtualising servers in efficient data centres, solutions for effi-
cient workplaces

> Saving paper: solutions for paper-saving printing and working without paper

The respective products and services are labelled as recommended by myclimate. The climate rec-
ommendation label indicates the energy and CO, savings compared with previous consumption
behaviour.

In 2012, Swisscom once again implemented numerous measures to increase the utilisation of
Green ICT services and thus reduce CO, emissions.

Swisscom expanded its offering of the Green ICT services bearing the myclimate label. These new
services include, for example, the Conextrade electronic trading platform, which allows for paper-
less transactions and billing, and Printing Solutions, which helps save paper, toner and energy.
The continued growth in revenue recorded in the year under review demonstrates the appeal of
Green ICT services.

2012 also saw Swisscom issue more customers in Western and German-speaking Switzerland with
Green ICT certificates. The certificates state the amount of emissions that the Swisscom customers
have saved by using Green ICT products. 43 customers have so far received these Green ICT certifi-
cates. They save annually more than 10,000 tonnes of CO, and approximately 6,400 MWh.

CO, savings achieved Energy savings achieved
thanks to Green ICT services: thanks to Green ICT services:
In 2012, companies issued These companies also jointly
with Green ICT certificates achieved saved energy in 2012 totalling
CO, savings of

10,000 vor) 6.460»

8485

Corporate Responsibility
Sustainable living and working


--- Page 83 ---

ie)

See
www.swisscom.ch/
green-ict

Swisscom and the University of St. Gallen jointly investigated the attitude of Swiss companies

towards Green ICT. 758 companies took part in the survey. The results have been available since

October 2012 and are published on the Swisscom Green ICT homepage.

The survey showed that Green ICT services are already being well utilised mainly by large busi-

nesses, while there is still substantial potential for more use among smaller companies. Especially

services in the area of mobile working are subject to wide use while other applications for opti-

mising logistics or buildings are less popular.

Other activities undertaken by Swisscom in the area of Green ICT include the following:

> National Home Office Day: Swisscom has supported the Home Office Day as a partner since
its inception in 2010. Swisscom participated in the national Home Office Day for the third time
and continued to raise awareness of the advantages of this working method for companies and
employees.

> Newworking methods: Swisscom held a Green ICT event in November 2012 at which Swisscom
customers and members of the Swiss Association for Environmentally Conscious Management
(OBU) were informed as to how companies can save on costs and resources by implementing
new working methods such as home offices and efficient workplaces — while at the same time
boosting employee motivation and performance.

> Relieving the pressure on transport routes thanks to new working methods: at the end of 2012,
Swisscom worked together with the SBB to initiate a study to investigate the extent to which
new working methods may relieve the pressure placed on transport routes. As part of this study,
several hundred SBB and Swisscom employees will test — until spring 2013 —the extent to which
new working methods free up heavily utilised trains and roads in peak times. The results will
be published in summer 2013.

Green ICT at Swisscom

Swisscom is not only encouraging its customers to use Green ICT, but is also using Green ICT solu-

tions internally:

> 18 Swisscom sites are now equipped with the Telepresence virtual videoconferencing solution.

> Practically all employees are now able to set up videoconferencing and desktop sharing with
other colleagues at the click of a mouse, enabling them to work part of the time from home.
Swisscom’s participation in Home Office Day has also served to further embed the topic of new
ways of working in the company culture. Swisscom consequently issued guidelines for the first
time on the internal utilisation of home offices.

> In the year under review, Swisscom schooled employees in the “Corporate Customers” and
“Small and Mid-Sized Enterprises” segments on the subject of Green ICT and sustainability,
using a “Hello Future Dialogue” communication package. The individual teams presented their
contributions to sustainability. The best team contributions received an award at a joint event
with divisional management.

> All Swisscom employees received the Virtual Meeting Reminder at the end of 2012. When
scheduling meetings, this small IT tool reminds employees across various locations to conduct
the meeting as an electronic meeting. In addition, the tool automatically calculates the poten-
tial savings in time and CO, emissions.


--- Page 84 ---

See
www.swisscom.ch/
radiation

Low-radiation communications technologies

Advice and information on wireless technologies and the environment

Specially trained Swisscom employees advise persons involved in the construction and operation
of mobile networks as well as stakeholder groups seeking general information on wireless tech-
nologies, the environment or health. During the reporting year Swisscom held over 600 discussions
with key stakeholder groups on the subjects of mobile communications and the environment. In
the majority of cases, it was local projects for expanding the mobile network that had given rise
to such discussions.

Research and development in the area of electromagnetic fields

Swisscom works with and financially supports the Swiss Research Foundation on Mobile Commu-
nication (FSM) based at the Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, and employs four qualified
employees to monitor and interpret the latest research findings on electromagnetic fields, their
effect on organisms and the measurement of emissions.

Mindful of the major responsibility that operating its wireless networks entails, Swisscom follows
scientific research by internal and external experts into the effects of non-ionising radiation on
organisms. It also analyses the research findings and supports relevant scientific activities.
Based on current knowledge, scientists consider the current limits for electromagnetic fields as
safe (see WHO Fact Sheets Nos.193 and 304).

Certification of quality assurance system for compliance with ONIR limits

Swisscom is required to operate a quality assurance system (QAS) forthe base stations of its mobile
network to ensure that the antennae in operation comply with the statutory limits at all times. In
2005, Swisscom decided to have this quality assurance system certified to the ISO 15504 standard.
The quality assurance system was audited in November 2012 by an external auditor mandated
by SGS. Swisscom passed this audit of the quality assurance system, scoring a capability level of
4 (out of amaximum of 5), which means that the processes relevant for the QAS are “targeted and
measureable”.

The legal obligation to limit emissions from mobile communication installations in Switzerland
comes from the Ordinance relating to Protection against Non-lonising Radiation (ONIR), the aim
of which is to protect people against harmful or undesirable non-ionising radiation. The Ordinance
applies to the operation of fixed installations that emit electrical and magnetic fields with fre-
quencies between O Hz and 300 GHz. Swisscom complies with the ONIR limits. The Swiss limits
are 10 times lower than those in the European Union.

Duty to provide information on products offered at points of sale

Swisscom provides information on the radiation levels of the mobile handsets that it sells. Prices
onall products on display and offered by Swisscom are clearly disclosed as prescribed by the Federal
Ordinance on the Disclosure of Prices. This declaration is supplemented by relevant technical infor-
mation onthe products. Customers and other interested parties can also find information on levels
of radiation emitted by mobile handsets (so-called SAR values) at Swisscom points of sale and on
the Swisscom website. There is no legal obligation to provide this information. By doing so,
Swisscom is responding to a need by customers for whom radiation levels are particularly impor-
tant when it comes to choosing a mobile phone. It goes without saying that no mobile handsets
offered exceed the limit of 2W/kg; half (48.7%) are below 0.8 W/g and 28.2% even have a SAR value
below 0.6 W/kg (product portfolio as at December 2012).

86 | 87

Corporate Responsibility
Sustainable living and working


--- Page 85 ---

Sustainable use of resources

Qo

See Report
page 17

Swisscom endeavours to meet the highest standards when it
comes to the use of resources. Operating energy-efficient infra-
structures and using and generating renewable energies is key
for Swisscom — particularly in light of Switzerland’s energy reform
policy. Swisscom has also joined various international initiatives
aimed at promoting accountability in the supply chain.

Environment and objectives

The energy turnaround, climate change and responsibility in the supply chain are key issues for
Swisscom and its stakeholders. Swiss energy policy is on the verge of withdrawing from the nuclear
energy programme and transitioning to renewable energies with low CO, emissions. Swisscom is
thus placing an even greater focus on increasing its own energy efficiency.

Both the environmental and the purchasing policies provide a framework for Swisscom to use its
resources sustainably. Management norms, standards and internal policies allow the planned sav-
ing and efficiency measures to be systematically implemented. Swisscom subsidiaries of signifi-
cant environmental relevance are ISO 14001 certified. The companies concerned are: Swisscom
(Switzerland) Ltd, Swisscom Broadcast Ltd, Swisscom IT Services Ltd and cablex Ltd, all of which
are also ISO 9001 certified. The foreign subsidiary Fastweb S.p.A. is also ISO 14001 certified. Based
on headcount, the management systems and processes certified to ISO 14001 cover more than
95% of the Group (including Fastweb).

Swisscom has set itself ambitious targets for the end of 2015: measures in the network infrastruc-
ture area are expected to achieve a further 20% improvement in energy efficiency compared with
1 January 2010. During the same period Swisscom aims to cut direct CO, emissions by a further
12%, chiefly through measures in the area of employee mobility and infrastructure. Overall,
Swisscom is aiming for a 60% reduction in direct CO, emissions by the end of 2015 compared to
the reference year 1990. Swisscom is currently using scenario calculations to determine how much
energy will be consumed in 2020. Furthermore, Swisscom has extended its target agreement with
the Energy Agency for Industry (EnAW) until 2020. The aim of this target agreement is to reduce
CO, emissions and increase energy efficiency.

Energy-efficient infrastructure

Energy consumption as the principle environmental impact factor

The greatest impact Swisscom has on the environment is caused through its energy consumption.
Swisscom is striving to boost energy efficiency and rely more on renewable energies in order to
minimise its environmental impact. In addition to the network infrastructure described in the
Management Commentary, Swisscom operates a substantial real estate portfolio itself. This com-
prises offices, commercial buildings, local exchanges and data centres. Swisscom does not control
any warehouses or distribution centres, but does maintain a vehicle fleet of company and com-
mercial vehicles.

Energy management at Swisscom

The Swisscom energy management programme comprises the following processes:


--- Page 86 ---

Determining energy consumption over a specific period of time
Determining the electricity mix

Generating electricity

Rational use and increase of energy efficiency

Reusing waste heat

vvuvvy

Swisscom’s energy consumption has been estimated up to 2015. The resulting catalogue of meas-
ures aims to reduce the increased electricity consumption by 85 gigawatt hours (GWh) by 2015
and increase efficiency by 20%. Additional measures are constantly being examined. Swisscom
also determines the electricity mix and is increasing its sustainability by giving preference to elec-
tricity procurement from renewable energy sources. Swisscom started to generate its own elec-
tricity in 2005 and sees this as an important contribution towards a sustainable energy policy. For
example, Swisscom builds solar installations wherever it makes economic sense. In addition,
Swisscom also makes use of waste heat where possible.

Consumption of electricity from renewable sources and green electricity

Swisscom’s energy consumption totalled 430 GWh in 2012 (prior year: 411 GWh). The increase is
the result of expansion in activities and the network infrastructure. Over the medium term, the
demand for electricity is expected to remain around the current level. For the electricity mix used
for the network infrastructure and for consumption in buildings managed by Swisscom, compen-
sation has been paid since 2010 for the share of nuclear power, electricity of unknown origin and
electricity from fossil fuels. Thus, again in 2012 Swisscom relied fully on electricity from renewable
sources. Swisscom’s company claim “100% renewable energy” is verified externally by the WWF.
In 2012, Swisscom purchased 1.7 GWh of “naturemade star” energy from solar power (0.7 GWh)
and wind power (1 GWh). This makes Swisscom one of Switzerland’s largest purchasers of wind
and solar power.

Saving and efficiency measures when using fossil fuel to generate heat

Swisscom measures monthly the consumption of heating oil, natural gas and district heating in
its 61 biggest buildings which together make up over half of the total space. It extrapolates these
figures to calculate the overall annual consumption using a new method introduced in 2011.
Actual consumption figures will not be known until the bill for heating and operating costs is
issued in the second quarter of 2013.

During the reporting year, Swisscom consumed 201 terajoules (55.8 GWh) of fuel to heat buildings
(prior year: 49.3 GWh). The heating mix comprises 74% heating oil, 11% natural gas and 15% district
heating.

Swisscom intends to further reduce the amount of energy it uses to heat its buildings. For this
purpose, it has systematically pursued initiatives throughout 2012 which aim to reduce energy
consumption and CO, emissions in buildings. A detailed energy monitoring system has improved
the data set, thus ensuring a more in-depth energy analysis. Accurate energy analyses were carried
out on eleven buildings in 2012, with five buildings successfully undergoing operational optimi-
sations. A further ten energy analyses are scheduled for 2013. The “Pioneer” project — set up
together with Johnson Controls — ensures that operating conditions that have been optimised
maintain low energy consumption levels over the long term. Swisscom also carried out further
structural renovations in 2012, for which an internal eco form was used indicating the CO, reduc-
tion levels achieved by the building projects. In 2012, Swisscom identified 25 eco-relevant building
projects, as part of which 17 measures were implemented.

88 |89

Corporate Responsibility
Sustainable use of resources


--- Page 87 ---

Saving and efficiency measures in fuel consumption and mobility policy

The ability to provide first-class customer service and expand the network infrastructure depends
onthe seamless mobility of staff. Atotal of 69.9 million kilometres were driven in 2012 in the service
of customers, representing energy consumption of 168.3 terajoules (46.7 GWh). Fuel consumption
fell by 1.4% year-on-year.

Thanks toa progressive replacement strategy, average CO, emissions per vehicle should be reduced
from 150 g CO,/km (2010) to 110 g CO, for each kilometre travelled in 2015. In accordance with
the New European Driving Cycle (NEDC), CO, emissions from cars in the Swisscom fleet averaged
131 g CO, per km as of the end of 2012. 91% of the cars are in the A and B energy efficiency cate-
gories. Swisscom also operates a fleet of 230 (+43%) hybrid vehicles, 45 (+22%) vehicles powered
by natural gas, 10 (+150%) electrically driven vehicles and 45 (+5%) e-bikes. All electrical vehicles
are recharged in Swisscom buildings and garages using electricity from renewable energy sources.
In 2012, Swisscom employees used 101,403 (-5.9%) rail tickets for business travel and were issued
12,858 (-5.8%) half-fare cards and 2,793 (+0.6%) GA travel cards. Since 2007, Swisscom has charged
a separate CO, levy of 1.5 cents per air mile on international flights. The levy is used to finance
internal sustainable environmental projects in the field of mobility (e-bikes, electric cars, etc.).

Electricity consumption savings and efficiency measures

Swisscom continued the “Mistral” energy saving project in 2012. Mistral is a cooling technology
that relies exclusively on fresh air all year round. It replaces conventional energy-intensive cooling
systems equipped with compressors and contributes to a massive improvement in energy effi-
ciency. Mistral also eliminates the need for harmful refrigerants. Mistral was being used to cool
604 telecom systems in local exchanges at the end of 2012. This represents an increase of 11%
compared with the previous year. In 2012, Swisscom Switzerland also retrofitted mobile base sta-
tions and Swisscom Broadcast transmitter stations with Mistral.

Fresh air is also an attractive alternative for cooling data centres and could significantly reduce the
electricity required for this purpose in the centres. An internal plan envisages using fresh air for
all-year cooling of data centres with heat loads of up to several kW/m. A one-year pilot trial from
November 2011 to October 2012 successfully demonstrated the feasibility of deploying fresh air-
cooling systems in data centres under specific conditions.

The systems installed in the Swisscom IT Services data centre in Zollikofen feature a particularly
high level of energy efficiency and efficient cooling. The centre’s average annual power usage effec-
tiveness value (PUE value) is 1.3. This value represents the ratio of total power consumed by the
data centre to the power consumed by the IT systems. This PUE value means that power consump-
tion in Zollikofen is more than 33% lower than that of conventionally built data centres.

Mistral project: Electricity requirements

Cooling telephone exchanges using fresh air covered by renewable energy:

Mistral achieves savings equivalent Swisscom buys certificates every year and
to the energy consumption of 9,000 offsets the amount of non-renewable
households or electricity used

om LOO.


--- Page 88 ---

Energy use Swisscom in Gwh

32
510 510 507 B82 284 263
24 25.4. 24,7
23.2
16
8
0

600

450

300

150

0

515

2008

The systems installed in the Swisscom IT Services data centre in Zollikofen feature a particularly
high level of energy efficiency and efficient cooling. The centre’s average annual power usage effec-
tiveness value (PUE value) is 1.3. This value represents the ratio of total power consumed by the
data centre to the power consumed by the IT systems. This PUE value means that power consump-
tion in Zollikofen is more than 33% lower than that of conventionally built data centres.

Generating electricity

In 2012, Swisscom Broadcast drew up plans fortwo solar facilities (2 times 60 kWp) onthe Niederhorn
and Valzeina transmitter stations, while Swisscom (Switzerland) installed and commissioned
a solar facility in Zurich-Herdern with a peak power of 113 kWp. The total cumulative peak power
of all the solar facilities installed by Swisscom amounts to 340 kWp. Over the coming years,
Swisscom wants to significantly increase the number of facilities it has in operation for the gen-
eration of electricity.

Uti

ing waste heat

Swisscom has entered into two agreements in Zurich governing the supply of waste heat from its
own commercial buildings. The agreements cover a volume of more than 20 GWh of thermal
energy. Swisscom is currently examining another potential waste heat project in the Berne area.

Climate

Carbon footprint based on Scope 1, 2 and 3 of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG)

Direct CO,-emissions Swisscom in tons thousand

2009 2010 2011 2012 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

Swisscom applies the internationally recognised definition of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG)
and classifies its CO, emissions as Scope 1 (direct emissions resulting from burning fossil fuels for
heating and mobility), Scope 2 (indirect emissions resulting from electricity consumption) and
Scope 3 (all other indirect CO, emissions resulting from goods transportation, business trips, etc.).
The direct consumption of fossil fuels accounts for 19.1% of Swisscom’s total direct energy
consumption. Swisscom’s Scope 1 CO, emissions have fallen by 6% since 1 January 2010 to
24,662 tonnes in 2012, without adjustment for the number of heating days. Vehicle fuel accounts
for 50.1% of this, and heating fuel accounts for 49.9%. Swisscom has therefore met and exceeded
the CO, target (28,000 tonnes) agreed with EnAW in 2004 covering emissions resulting from the
consumption of fossil fuels.

The electricity mix used in Switzerland is not generated from fossil fuels and so its production is
free from CO, emissions. Swisscom therefore has no CO, emissions under Scope 2. Swisscom, how-
ever, calculates the indirect CO, emissions resulting from the provision of electricity which fall
under Scope 3 and applies the conversion factor of 14.7 g CO, per kWh. Scope 3 emissions are not
part of the current target agreement with EnAW.

Swisscom calculated various Scope 3 emissions in 2012, thereby taking its ecological responsibility
beyond the company’s own vehicle fuel, heating fuel, and electricity consumption. An initial area

90 | 91

Corporate Responsibility
Sustainable use of resources


--- Page 89 ---

ie)

See Appendix
www.swisscom.ch/GRI-2012
See Report

page 93

of the Scope 3 emissions was already recorded in the year before, namely those associated with
business trips, employee commuter traffic and the provision of energy.

In 2012, Swisscom also compiled statistics (using the “Escher method”) on emissions resulting from
the manufacture of products and the provision of services that Swisscom procures in order to pro-
vide its own services. This area is currently the largest source of Scope 3 emissions. Swisscom will
publish the results in a supplementary report in spring 2013 along with statistics on product-related
emissions. Swisscom is also involved on an annual basis in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP).

In addition, Swisscom calculated for the first time CO, emissions that can be avoided by businesses
and residential customers using myclimate-certified ecologically friendly ITC services. The follow-
ing services contribute to a reduction in CO, emissions:

Virtual conferences

Home offices

Machine-to-machine communication (logistics optimisation)

Energy-efficient services from data centres (cloud, hosting, housing, thin clients)

Services that replace the use of paper

Recycling of mobile phones

vvuvvvy

Other air emissions

Besides CO, emissions, burning fossil fuels for heating and transport also produces NO, and SO,.
These emissions are calculated using the relevant conversion factors and depend on the amount
of vehicle fuel and heating fuel consumed. Swisscom is reducing these emissions by continually
optimising heating boilers and drive motors.

Other environmental aspects in the company

Further details about the environmental aspects of Swisscom’s operations such as paper consump-
tion, waste disposal and water consumption can be found in the Appendix.

Reduction in direct CO, emissions between 1990 and 2015 using the following measures:
> Structural renovations

>» Low-consumption vehicles

>» Mobility management

%


--- Page 90 ---

Environmental key figures in Switzerland

Unit 2010 2011 2012
Net floor space (NFS) million of m? 0.95 0.91 0.91
Paper for photocopying and printing
Format A4 100% recycled (other formats converted) million of sheets 41.0 37.0 34.0
Water/sewage
Water consumption* m 452,698 468,577 466,581
Energy, electricity
Electrical energy consumption? ? terajoule 1,454 1,479 1,548
GWh 404 411 430
Energy, heating
Heating oil terajoule 149.4 130.9 149.3
Natural gas terajoule 315 18.9 224
District heating terajoule 273 27.2 29.3
Heating, total terajoule 208.2 177.6 201.0
Energy, fuel
Petrol terajoule 778 53.7 38.5
Diesel fuel terajoule 93.0 114.8 127.1
Natural gas terajoule 15 2.2 27
Total fuel terajoule 172.3 170.7 168.3
Vehicles number 3,102 3,332 3,372
Kilometers driven million of km 66.1 67.7 69.9
Average carbon dioxide CO, emission gperkm 150.0 140.0 131.0
Energy, total
Energy consumption terajoule 1,835 1,827 1,917
GWh 510 507 532
Air emissions m
a
Carbon dioxide CO, tons 25,422 23,242 24,662 a
oy
Nitrous gases NO, tons 22.5 23.2 24.9
Sulphur dioxide SO, tons 5.0 44 5.0 a
£8
Waste 2
so
Garbage tons 175 170 155 BS
Recycling tons 761 834 1,660 go
Special waste tons 10 1 20 23
os
Waste tonnage, total* tons 946 1,015 1,834 & =
Ss
2 The water consumption is based on a forecast. 2

? Energy conversion: 1 terajoule (Ti) = 0.278 gigawatt hours (GWh)
3 The energy consumption is based on a forecast. Since 2011 on a monthly measure
of the consumption of 62 buildings (with a total floor space of over 50%).
* Based on data provided by the Swiss Waste Exchange and the Group companies; domestic waste not included.


--- Page 91 ---

See
www.swisscom.ch/
suppliers

See Appendix
www.swisscom.ch/
GRI-2012

Swisscom’s responsibility in the supply chain

Swisscom takes responsibility within the supply chain and is committed to improving the working
conditions of its suppliers’ employees and to ensuring compliance in the supply chain with eco-
logical standards. This also means that Swisscom therefore expects its direct suppliers and their
sub-suppliers to commit to acting in a sustainable manner.

The principles Swisscom observes are stipulated in its purchasing policy, which is defined by an
overarching committee, the Swisscom Purchasing Board. Swisscom’s purchasing policy sets out
the principles and procedures to be followed by the procurement organisations. The procurement
organisations of Swisscom Switzerland, Swisscom IT Services and Swisscom Broadcast have to
date acted in accordance with the Swisscom purchasing policy. Together, their total order volume
accounts for more than 80% of the total procurement volume. The purchasing policy is continu-
ously being expanded to include further purchasing organisations in the Swisscom Group and it
stipulates the requirements that suppliers accept by signing the CR Contract Annex (CRCA).
Swisscom uses a structured risk management system to audit suppliers’ compliance with the
requirements.

Supplier risk management

Risk management system

In 2012, Swisscom worked to further reduce environmental and social risks in the supply chain
and in the second half of the year implemented a risk management system in the procurement
area, the results of which are shown below.

The risk assessment carried out by Swisscom management in 2011 for the product groups was
checked for accuracy and currency in spring 2012. They found the risk assessment to be correct
and up to date and no changes were therefore necessary.

In 2012, Swisscom began assessing its current supply partners from medium-risk product groups,
which involved approximately 800 supply partners. Plans have been made to assess all supply part-
ners over the coming years. A milestone was reached in 2012, with 223 supply partners having
been assessed. The results of the risk assessment showed that seven supply partners have a high-
risk profile and 32 partners a medium-risk profile. After every assessment, any measures required
were initiated and monitored (see Requirements diagram below) by management and the buyers
concerned.


--- Page 92 ---

Existing
suppliers
with...

Potential
suppliers

Overview and requirements of risk management in the supply chain

Product groups with ...
town Fametumeok | Favor
‘As long as the product group has . high risk profile .. high risk profile
a low risk profile, the supplier’s > Suppliers shall fill in a self-decla- > Suppliers shall be audited within,
risks are not assessed. Instead the ration within three months and/ six months
risks of the product group will be or be audited within one year > Further measures if needed
reviewed annually > Further measures if needed
medium risk profile .. medium risk profile
> Suppliers shall fill in a self-decla- > Suppliers shall fill in a self-decla-
ration within three months and/ ration within three months and/
or beaudited within one year or be audited within one year
> Further measures if needed > Further measures if needed
.. low risk profile ... low risk profile
> Supplier’s risk shall be periodically > Supplier’s risk shall be periodically
assessed assessed
> No risk assessment performed > Risk assessment performed > Risk assessment performed
> The findings with measures > The findings with measures
proposed are included in the proposed are included in the
decision process decision process

Swisscom plans to assess 35% (280 out of a total of 800) supply partners from medium-risk product
groups by the end of 2013.

The procedure, established in 2011, has proven successful with potential supply partners. All buy-
ers at Swisscom Switzerland, Swisscom IT Services and Swisscom Broadcast were trained accord-
ingly for the first time in 2012. The procedure was used in tendering processes and corresponding
measures were defined and implemented where necessary.

A supply chain crisis management organisation is currently being set up and will be integrated
into the already existing Swisscom Group structures in 2013.

Corporate Responsibility Contract Annex

In 2012, 93% of the total order volume came from suppliers that had accepted the Corporate
Responsibility Contract Annex (CRCA), which meant that the goal set for 2012 was achieved. As
of 2013 Swisscom will have a new measuring instrument at its disposal in the form of a contract
management system, which will make it easier to identify supply partners that have not yet signed
the CRCA.

Audit and self-declarations

Arisk assessment of the suppliers from high-risk product groups was carried out in 2011. At the
time, seven supply partners were found to have a high-risk profile and were audited in accordance
with the Swisscom requirements (see diagram above). Due to unsatisfactory audit results, four
supply partners had to be audited again in 2012. The other supply partners received excellent audit
results. Their risk assessment was therefore taken down a level to a medium-risk profile.

In 2012, around 30 suppliers with the highest order volumes, whose products are manufactured
in countries classified by Swisscom as critical, registered with E-TASC and completed the online
questionnaire. 2013 will see further key and strategic suppliers as well as high-risk suppliers reg-
istered in the self-assessment tool. As required by Swisscom, a further six supply partners from
medium-risk product groups were audited in 2012, while 28 completed a self-assessment.
Swisscom’s goals for 2012 of six audits and 80 self-assessments were therefore fully achieved in

94 | 95

lity

Corporate Responsi
Sustainable use of resources


--- Page 93 ---

See Report
page 80

©

See
www. world
resourcesforum.org

the case of the audits, while the achievement rate for self-assessments was 35%. The low level of
achievement in the latter case was due to technical problems with E-TASC.

Swisscom wants to step up collaboration with the Joint Audit Corporation (JAC) and plans to carry
out four audits in 2013.

Raw materials

The raw materials used in Swisscom’s many and diverse products stem from a wide range of coun-

tries and regions. Questions on the origin of the raw materials and the associated ecological and

sociological risks are increasingly being asked. At the start of 2011, Swisscom began intensively

looking into the issue of raw materials. The following measures have since been taken:

> March—June 2011: Swisscom took up contact with the NGOs Bread for All and Benchmark Foun-
dation of Southern Africa for Corporate Social Responsibility, the Swiss Federal Laboratories for
Materials Science and Technology (EMPA) and all partners supplying mobile phones in order to
gain an insight into the stance of these institutions and organisations on the question of
accountability in raw materials procurement. It revealed widely varying levels of awareness
among supply partners with regard to raw materials and the whole issue of procurement. Clearly,
Swisscom cannot accomplish rapid improvements in the procurement area all on its own.

> May 2011: Swisscom joined the Global e-Sustainability Initiative and worked together with the
GeSI “conflict-free smelters” programme. The aim of the programme is to identify and certify con-
flict-free smelters for purchasers of raw materials.

> Mid-August 2011: Swisscom started working with myclimate to launch eco points on all mobile
phones in the Swisscom range. Points are awarded on the basis of the criteria: responsible
choice of raw materials, low energy consumption in use and low energy consumption in man-
ufacture.

> January 2012: through its GeS| membership Swisscom becomes a member of the World
Resources Forum Association.

> March 2012: inaugural meeting of the World Resources Forum Association. Swisscom repre-
sents GeS| at WRFA gatherings.

Swisscom also plans to add a section on raw materials to its purchasing policy and the CR Contract
Annex in 2013.

Swisscom Supplier Award 2012

Maintaining a constant dialogue with suppliers, building a common future together and taking
responsibility for the present and future, all play a key role at Swisscom. Internal procurement is
also guided by these principles. In spring 2012, Swisscom gave Supplier Awards for the best success
stories of over 6,500 suppliers in the three categories of Innovation, Cooperation and Sustainability.


--- Page 94 ---

Telecommunications for all

Swisscom enables and shapes Switzerland’s information society

e
“s by providing infrastructure and services that allow people in the

public and private sector to communicate and interact in

a sustainable manner. In so doing, Swisscom remains true to its
goal of enabling everyone in Switzerland to be part of the
information society. “Telecommunications for all” is Swisscom’s
guiding principle.

Environment and objectives

Swisscom wants everyone in Switzerland to be able to take advantage of the opportunities pro-
vided by new media and is thus making sure that reliable network access is present virtually every-
where in Switzerland. Swisscom focuses on promoting media skills, not only in its efforts in the
area of youth media protection, but also through various initiatives which aim to reduce the digital
divide.

Swisscom will continue to pursue these activities in 2013, championing for a healthy information
society that adds value in line with the federal government's strategy, so that Switzerland as a busi-
ness location, the Swiss education system and the entire population will continue to benefit from
a progressive ICT landscape.

Basic service provision

Unit 2010 2011 2012 |
Number of traffic minutes (national fixed-line traffic) million min. 6,741 6,200 5,328
Number of public payphones? number 7,663 6,700 5,800
Emergency calls in thousand 3,092 3,050 3,053
Calls to the service for visually impaired/hard of hearing in thousand 556 553 540

2 Of which 3,514 (2012), 4,058 (2011), 4,437 (2010) within the scope of basic service provision.

Swisscom is responsible for providing basic telecoms services in Switzerland, and has been man-
dated to do so until 2017. It will forego requesting a fund for basic service provision. The aim of
the mandate is the provision of analogue and digital network access throughout Switzerland. This
includes voice telephony, fax, data transmission and broadband Internet access. In 2012, Swisscom
increased the minimum transmission speed for broadband Internet connections from
600/100 kbps to 1000/100 kbps and at the same time reduced the price ceiling for this service
from CHF 69 to CHF 55 per month (excluding VAT).

Another part of basic service provision for which Swisscom has long been responsible is the main-
tenance and operation of the 5,800 public telephones and access to the emergency call service for
the police, fire and ambulance services, as well as special services for the disabled.

96 | 97

ility

oa
Ze
sos
ge 8
S52
goS
ge
go8
fle
QeoEe
|
Ses
Sasa
se
a


--- Page 95 ---

8

See
wwwaasut.ch
www.bluewin.ch

Data protection

Asa result of its activities, Swisscom possesses customer data which is protected by the Data Pro-
tection Act and the Telecommunications Act. The protection of privacy, compliance with data pro-
tection laws and the observance of telecommunications secrecy are key concerns for Swisscom.
The Data Protection Declaration explains how Swisscom handles personal data in the context of
its website and e-mail activities. It also discloses that this data may be passed on to others within
the Swisscom Group. Swisscom, however, is not responsible for information and data processing
on third-party linked offerings.

As a trustworthy partner, Swisscom has set itself the goal of providing all employees who have
access to customer data as part of their job with thorough instruction on legal compliance within
their work. In addition, Swisscom sensitises and empowers employees to recognise the issues and
requirements of data protection and to ensure they are properly implemented. All Swisscom
Switzerland employees also have to regularly take part in data protection training sessions.

The persons responsible for security within the company also launched a comprehensive project
in 2012 with the aim of improving data protection. During the course of this project, Swisscom is
reviewing all access rights and critical customer data, and redefining these rights. For this purpose,
Swisscom has set up a system that determines whether attempts to access critical customer data
are linked to enquiries regarding the customers in question and if they are authorised.

Protecting minors in the media and promoting media skills

Protecting minors in the media and guidelines on media content

The use of new media provides us all with new opportunities and options. Although the pros usu-
ally outweigh the cons, new media can also entail a number of risks — particularly for children and
young people. Swisscom is determined not to leave parents to shoulder this responsibility alone.
The company supports parents and teachers by providing a wide range of information, resources
and products.

Children and young people who disclose private or even intimate information on community plat-
forms are often unaware of the repercussions this may have. Privacy therefore plays a prominent
role in the documentation and information provided on media protection for minors.

Swisscom supports the High Principles on Child Protection. Together with the European Telecom-
munications Network Operators’ Association (ETNO), Swisscom has reformulated its terms of use
on youth platforms so that children and young people really understand them.

The legal obligations governing the protection of minors in the media were fully complied with in
2012. Under the terms of the Swiss Federal Penal Code, it is forbidden for providers to offer content
of a pornographic nature to persons under the age of 16. Swisscom is rigorous in its interpretation
of the regulations of the Ordinance on Telecommunications Services regarding the blocking of
value-added services. For example, no adult content whatsoever has been offered on the Swisscom
information portal since 2009.

Since 2008, the Industry Initiative of the Swiss Association of Telecommunications (asut) for
Improved Youth Media Protection and the Promotion of Media Skills in Society has published a list
of youth media protection measures in addition to the legal requirements, which Swisscom has
pledged to comply with. These include the provision of Internet filters, the obligation to actively
inform customers, willingness to engage in dialogue with committed organisations and the des-
ignation of a youth media protection officer.


--- Page 96 ---

(3)

See
www.bluewin.ch

io)

See
www.swisscom.ch/james

With the following measures, Swisscom goes beyond the statutory requirements in terms of youth
media protection:

> Age limit for access to certain services voluntarily increased to 18

> No adult content whatsoever in the video-on-demand offerings on Swisscom TV and on the
information portal

Additional channel blocking via PIN on Swisscom TV

Guaranteed youth media protection with the new additional “Start Over” function

FSK age rating recommendation for all video-on-demand films

Exceptionally stringent requirements for third-party providers of value-added services

vvvyv

The Telecommunication Services Ordinance requires telecommunication service providers to dis-
close information on the existence of a barring set at least once a year. A barring set allows access
to chargeable value-added services to be blocked on specific lines. Swisscom sends its customers
a bill enclosure every year to inform them about this free service. The barring set is automatically
activated for young subscribers under the age of 18.

Promoting media skills

In 2012, Swisscom took the following measures in order to raise awareness among parents and

teachers of the potential dangers and risks posed by new media:

> Media course as part of the Academy training programme (formerly Swisscom Help Point):
the course was held on parents’ evenings and during further training sessions for teachers.
Swisscom also expanded its course offering and is offering new courses for secondary school
pupils (see below: media courses for parents, teaching staff and now also secondary school
pupils). In total, Swisscom held almost 700 media skills events throughout Switzerland in 2012

> The JAMES study investigates the media usage behaviour of young people between the ages of
12 and 19. After an initial run in 2010, Swisscom carried out the JAMES study once again in 2012
in cooperation with Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW). The findings allowed science
and politics to base their conclusions and measures on a reliable, scientific foundation. The recur-
ring study will allow trends and changes in the media usage behaviour of young people to be
identified as of 2014. With this study, Swisscom is bridging a gap in research that has existed for
a long time, particularly as surveys into media usage among young people were not consistently
carried out before 2010.

National Programme for the promotion of media skills

Insummer 2010, the Swiss federal government set up a programme aimed at improving the media
skills of children and young people. The Federal Social Insurance Office (FSIO) is responsible for
implementing the programme, which is set to run until 2015. As principal partner of the pro-
gramme, Swisscom is confident that the public and private sectors together do significantly more
to promote media skills. Swisscom supports the programme by providing both financial resources
and communication services.

Promoting media skills:
Swisscom promotes responsible use of new media. Interest in
Swisscom’s course offerings

29,500...

98 | 99

Corporate Responsibility
Telecommunications for all


--- Page 97 ---

is)

See
www.swisscom.ch/sai

Media courses for parents, teaching staff and secondary school pupils

Swisscom has been expanding its course offering since autumn 2011 in order to promote media
skills. In addition to the information events for parents and teaching staff, it has since also offered
a modular course for secondary school pupils (year 7 to year 9). Teachers can choose from a range
of different modules dealing with general media usage behaviour, legal issues on the Internet,
social networks, safe surfing and the new issue of cyber-bullying. Swisscom appoints a dedicated
course instructor for the participating classes. There was great demand for this course in 2012 and
the goals for the year have been achieved and exceeded. The experience and feedback gained from
the events were extremely positive. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the courses will be carried
out in 2013.

Swisscom Academy (formerly Swisscom Help Point)

The Swisscom Academy has been teaching customers how to use mobile devices and the Internet
since 2005. Weekly courses are offered at the training centres in Berne, Basel, Lausanne, Lucerne,
Geneva and Zurich. Four training buses also visit around 70 towns and villages across Switzerland
every year. In 2012, 12,831 people attended courses on howto use modern communications media.
Since their launch, Swisscom’s Help Points have served close to 220,000 people in Switzerland. The
courses are aimed at the general population in Switzerland and are open to customers and non-
customers alike. Through this campaign, Swisscom is playing an important role in continually
reducing the digital generation gap.

Internet for Schools initiative

In 2012, Swisscom celebrated the ten-year anniversary of the “Internet for Schools” initiative. Under
the initiative, almost every Swiss school benefitted from a free basic Internet offering or from a more
advanced offering at heavily reduced prices. Swisscom continued the Internet for Schools initiative
after the public-private partnership with the federal government officially expired in 2007, and the
company works hard to continually tailor the infrastructure it offers to the day-to-day needs of
schools. Swisscom extended its Internet for Schools initiative to kindergartens in 2009 in response
to the needs of cantonal education departments. This means that the number of connections
provided is set to increase almost three-fold over the coming years. At the end of 2012, well over
1,700 kindergartens were already online.

Schools that require high-performance bandwidths (large educational centres or schools which
use the Internet particularly intensively) can now take advantage of connections providing free
Internet access with an increased bandwidth of up to 50 Mbps. If the school also wishes to take
advantage of Swisscom’s professional security services, the company makes a contribution
towards the associated expenses.

Schools are placing increasingly greater demands on their ICT solutions. Swisscom has identified
their needs and has worked together with other partners from educational institutions since 2012
in an attempt to find useful and affordable ICT solutions.

Internet for Schools Number of schools Courses promoting media skills Number of participants
8,000 240,000 219,912
6,743 6,799 189,884
6,303 180,000 167,939
5,661 5,814
130,000
4,000 120,000
89,232
2,000 60,000

2008

0
2009 2010 2011 2012 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012


--- Page 98 ---

Swisscom has added various educational institutions to its network over the past few years,
enabling it to recognise the ICT integration needs of schools at an early point in time. Swisscom
cultivates this network by means of meetings and events, in particular with the following
institutions:

Education server Educa and the Swiss education server educanet

Swiss Conference of Cantonal Ministers of Education (EDK)

SFIB conference

Federal Office of Communications (OFCOM)

Swiss Foundation for Audiovisual Teaching Media (SSAB)

Swiss Association of Teachers (LCH)

Intercantonal Conference of Public Education (CIIP)

Worlddidac Association

Various teacher training colleges and universities

Vvvvvvv vy

Internet for Schools:
new media is used in the education system by

1 million.

100 | 101

Corporate Responsibility
Telecommunications for all


--- Page 99 ---

Offerings for people with disabilities

Swisscom’s most important goal is to provide everyone in Switzerland with barrier-free access to
the latest communication tools. In this context, Swisscom plays a key role in ensuring that disad-
vantaged people can also participate in Switzerland’s information society.

Swisscom’s offerings for disabled people, the visually impaired and hard of hearing

Swisscom Shops comply with stringent requirements concerning wheelchair access. Swisscom
Shop employees also have to be able to recognise what requirements a specific disability entails.
In collaboration with the TerzStiftung, Swisscom has worked on ways of optimising its shops for
people who are visually impaired and hard of hearing. The corresponding measures were imple-
mented in 2012.

Swisscom endeavours to provide a portfolio of terminal devices that includes a choice of suitable
equipment for customers with impaired hearing or vision. Swisscom renews and updates its service
and device portfolio on an ongoing basis. One of the aims of doing so is to ensure its offerings sat-
isfy the needs of those with special needs or requirements. Two examples of devices in this range
are the Emporia mobile phone, a smartphone with on-screen voice support for blind or partially
sighted people, and the multi-modal customer service contact option.

All those who are unable to use the current subscriber directory due to physical disabilities can be
connected via the short number 1145 at no extra cost. Swisscom provides this service free of
charge as part of the basic service provision.

Individuals who are hard of hearing can take advantage of a transcription service. This service
makes telephone calls possible between the hard of hearing and those who can hear normally
and is offered free of charge in association with the organisation procom. It is also part of the basic
service provision.

Swisscom continues to be committed to ensuring its website offers barrier-free access to all. As
part of the technical redesign, Swisscom has already implemented key guidelines for barrier-free
website content (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines WCAG). In the following phases of the
website redesign, Swisscom will take into consideration other guidelines and is aiming to receive
“AA Access for all” certification by the end of 2013.

Offerings for people with limited financial resources

Swisscom offers special products and services to help people with limited financial resources.
Young people under the age of 26 can take advantage of reduced tariff plans. Under these tariff
plans, subscribers up to the age of 18 are assigned a credit limit. Older people continue to make
less use of new communication technologies than younger people. Special subscriptions for older
people offer price models with this in mind, featuring particularly low basic fees and services
charged only on a pay-as-you-use basis.


--- Page 100 ---

Responsible employer

oe

‘oe

Swisscom offers employees a working environment that fosters
their personal and professional development by setting them
challenging tasks and allowing them to exercise responsibility.
At the same time, Swisscom positions itself as a socially
responsible employer.

Swisscom operates in a fast-moving and challenging market environment and has to continually
adapt to technological innovations. Demographic and social trends are also increasingly influenc-
ing personnel resources. All these dynamic changes require progressive human resources man-
agement and a corporate culture and working environment that motivate employees to realise
their potential in the context of the corporate strategy.

Ina multimedia society, employees flexibility, willingness to change and specialist knowledge play
a vital role in the implementation of Swisscom’s mission statement and the achievement of the
objectives outlined inthe corporate strategy. Customer trust is therefore key to staying competitive
in the long-term and is the reason why Swisscom systematically aligns itself to customer needs.
This calls for employees who can develop visions and work in mixed teams to put these into prac-
tice in a results-oriented manner.

Environment and objectives

Swisscom’s Group Human Resources Division is responsible for implementing a uniform HR and
social policy throughout the company and formulates and promulgates Group-wide standards,
guidelines and principles. The HR departments within each of the operating segments are respon-
sible for implementing these and carrying out all HR functions from hiring new staff to employee
departures. The Group Human Resources Division supports the Group Executive Board and Board
of Directors on HR policy matters, such as terms and conditions of employment, salary system and
diversity. It also recruits senior managers and conducts management development and succession
planning in collaboration with the operating units. Group Human Resources is also responsible
for professional and vocational training throughout the Group, and as such plays a key role at the
company’s Swiss locations. In its dealings with the social partners and employee associations,
Group Human Resources advocates the interests of the Group as a whole.

In order to meet future challenges, Group Human Resources plans its resource requirements from
a quantitative and qualitative point of view, formulates key priorities in employees’ professional
development and cultivates a management culture characterised by trust, esteem and perform-
ance orientation.

2
S$
S
a
S
S
Bas
=
ges
cfe
O50
Ss v
gos
era
=
255
fea
geo
B52
Ss
2


--- Page 101 ---

Staff development

Swisscom’s market environment is constantly changing. The company therefore makes targeted
investments in professional training and development for employees and managers to improve
their employability in the long term. Employees are supported in their development by a wide
range of on- and off-the-job options as well as internal programmes and courses. Further training
and development programmes on offer include professional, technical and management courses.
Swisscom welcomes opportunities for further training and provides related financial support. In
the year under review, staff spent 54,441 days on training and development in Switzerland.

In line with the results of the 2010 employee survey on “professional development”, initial steps
were taken by Swisscom in 2012. For example, the management compass, which among things
charts an employee's development as a management task, is now mandatory Group wide. Also in
2012, the “You & your Boss’ initiative rolled out throughout Switzerland to promote a development
dialogue between management and employees so as to facilitate the agreement of medium-term
development measures. Finally, Swisscom IT Services launched an integrated competence model
coordinated with line management, as well as a suitable development tool to enable the company
to more effectively address the projected shortage of ICT specialists.

Swisscom continues to develop its Performance Management System in line with requirements
with a view to assessing and rewarding employee achievements. The basis of this system is the
performance dialogue. Guided by the principle of “agreeing objectives, recognising achievements
and following a development plan”, employees and line managers engage in dialogue in which
they discuss future tasks, expectations and personal development. Commensurate with its strate-
gic positioning as a trustworthy partner in the digital world, Swisscom formulated concrete
demands on all employees. In 2012, line managers conducted a performance dialogue with 98.8%
of all Swisscom employees in Switzerland.

The management and people review processes have been extended to organisational units below
Group division level. They support both succession planning for key functions as well as the place-
ment of talents beyond individual divisions. A mentoring programme also encourages professional
and personal discussions between the talents and the members of the Group Executive Board,
while the Leadership Forum offers an important platform for management issues.

Employee training in general and in the area of corporate responsibility

Swisscom is constantly training its employees. In 2012, employees covered by the CEA attended
an average of 3.2 days (25 hours) of training and/or further development. Swisscom also regularly
trains employees on a wide range of corporate responsibility issues. For example, Swisscom raises
awareness of ecological and social issues among new hires at its Welcome Days, and the issue of
“Responsibility in the supply chain” is addressed with buyers as part of its Lead Buyer Circles. In
the year under review, Swisscom also trained 40 project managers and 90 specialist groups on the
environmental parameters for new projects.

Corporate volunteering

Corporate volunteering is the term used to describe voluntary work carried out by employees for
charitable causes. Swisscom encourages this commitment by allowing its employees to do this
during paid working hours and offering them the chance to help out with various projects in the
fields of nature (Nature Days), social responsibility (Social Days) and economy (Economy Days).
2012 saw Swisscom expand and further develop the Corporate Volunteering Programme so that
employees can now dedicate from a half-day to two days of their working time to voluntary work
each year. A total of 748 volunteer days were clocked up in 2012.


--- Page 102 ---

Staff recruitment

Recruiting new staff

Swisscom seeks individuals who are motivated and passionate about helping customers and who
want to help shape the future of the digital world. At all company locations in Switzerland,
Swisscom endeavours to give priority to people from the surrounding regions. This is why the per-
centage of local employees in all areas and at all hierarchical levels is exceptionally high.

83.7% of Swisscom’s workforce are Swiss nationals. The remaining 16.3% are made up of employ-
ees from 88 different countries, including 5.1% from Germany, 3.8% from Italy, 1.6% from France
and 1% from Spain.

Student interns and trainees

In order to attract talented and highly motivated graduates to the company, Swisscom maintains
a wide range of connections with universities and schools of applied sciences. Attending relevant
recruitment fairs and engaging in more advanced forms of cooperation such as guest lectures and
workshops is very important to Swisscom. Many students gain initial professional experience at
Swisscom during their studies either by working as interns or during the practical part of their
Bachelor's or Master's course. Over the last twelve months, almost 100 students have begun an
internship at Swisscom, and a similar number of students has been coached through the practical
part of their Bachelor's or Master's courses by Swisscom employees. Once they have successfully
completed their studies, graduates can embark on the first step of the career ladder at Swisscom
through internships, the trainee programme or a junior position.

Vocational training

Two hundred and eighty-five young people began their apprenticeships with Swisscom in August
2012, of which 118 were in ICT jobs in mediamatics and IT. Swisscom thus assumes the responsi-
bility of being Switzerland's largest trainer of ICT professionals. In 2012, Swisscom trained a total
of 823 apprentices in technical and commercial apprenticeships. Additionally, 84 apprentices com-
pleted their training at subsidiary cablex. The training for the new Specialist in Customer Dialogue
apprenticeship, introduced in 2011, is being expanded from the customer contact centres in Ger-
man-speaking Switzerland to include Western Switzerland and will also be offered to apprentices
starting in 2013 in Ticino as well.

In order to make the application process quicker and easier for students, Swisscom introduced an
online application system for the 2012 intake of apprenticeships.

The Swisscom training model is geared towards independence and personal accountability. The
aim of this is to support the personal development of the apprentices. They take an active role in
devising their training so that it fits their individual priorities, apply within the company for dif-
ferent practical placements and learn from experienced employees during such placements.

104 | 105

Corporate Responsibility

Responsible employer


--- Page 103 ---

o

See Report
Page 110

Health and safety in the workplace

Employee health

Having healthy and motivated employees is very important to Swisscom. In line with its strategy,
Swisscom therefore makes targeted investments in initiatives and programmes for Occupational
Health Management (OHM). The Board of Directors, Group Executive Board and management staff
have all contributed to the success of OHM, which has resulted in the staff absence rate being
reduced from 3.26% to 2.86% since 2009. Swisscom aims to continue to reduce it to 2.1% by 2015.
Further details and performance indicators can be found in the table “Employees in figures”.

As a result of this positive trend, the premium rates for work-related accidents, non-work-related
accidents and the insurance for sick pay allowance were reduced as of 1 January 2012.

Through its involvement in the ConCerto project in collaboration with the Federal Social Insurance
Office, Swisscom makes an important contribution to ensuring collaboration with the social insur-
ance agencies is coordinated as effectively as possible. ConCerto aims to simplify and accelerate
the professional reintegration of individuals after suffering health problems. The ConCerto-pro
association was set up in 2012 with the aim of organising all domestically active employers, Federal
Disability Insurance offices, sick pay allowance and accident insurers, and SMEs to adopt and com-
ply with the processes it specified. The association also supports and coordinates the further devel-
opment of reintegration issues together with partners ona national level (FSIO, SECO, associations
and institutions). Swisscom heads up the association steering committee.

The number of disability cases in 2012 fell by 23% in comparison to previous years. In addition,
16 trainee positions and internships were again filled in close cooperation with integration partners.
These positions are available to employees with health problems. OHM and, if necessary, social insur-
ance agencies such as the Federal Disability Insurance office (IV) provide assistance and support.
Swisscom aims to extend the focus of occupational health management to include prevention
(Health Promoting Leadership) to promote and maintain employee health.

Occupational safety

As set out in the collective employment agreement (CEA), Swisscom undertakes to protect the
personal integrity of its employees and provide an appropriate level of health protection according
toergonomic principles. In terms of ergonomics (design of workstations and working environment,
health protection and health care, prevention of work-related accidents and occupational illnesses,
workplace safety), the CEA grants the employee associations the right of co-determination and
the social partners the right of information. Various committees coordinate and organise training
courses, initiatives and measures aimed at promoting safety and health protection in the work-
place. In areas where workplace safety is particularly important for employees, Swisscom operates
an integrated, process-based management system and is ISO 9001:2000 certified.

The criteria, processes and tools for regulating and implementing workplace safety and health
protection are integrated in a quality environmental and safety management system. For example,
Swisscom’s subsidiary cablex follows Guideline 6508 of the Federal Coordination Commission for
Occupational Safety (FCOS), which covers the ten elements of the operational safety system and
ensures the measures necessary for safeguarding the health and safety of employees involved in
installing infrastructure.

Move! and the Swisscom Games

Move! is a programme which supports activities in the fields of health, sport and culture. Employ-
ees can become Move! coaches or take part in another activity. Activities are conducted during
employee’s free time. Move! aims to broaden employees’ sporting and intellectual horizons and
give staff the opportunity to meet their colleagues from other areas of the company.

The Swisscom Gamesis an event that is held every two years. Employees have the option of enrolling
fora team or individual activity in the fields of sport, culture and society. The 2011 Swisscom Games
saw four events held in various regions throughout Switzerland in which a total of around
6,000 employees took part. The Swisscom Games are a key networking opportunity for employees
and have become an important part of the corporate culture. The next Games will take place in 2013.


--- Page 104 ---

ie)

See Appendix
www.swisscom.ch/GRI-2012

Diversity

Living Diversity @ Swisscom

Diversity Management is a concept that is extremely important within an international working
environment. The aim of the concept is to recognise the special knowledge and skills that each
individual brings and use them for the benefit of the entire company.

Diversity champions an open working environment, in which employees are treated with respect
and everyone is free to develop and reach their full potential. Swisscom sees diversity as something
it must commit to internally within the company, as well as externally with its customers and
partners. As regards diversity, Swisscom feels obliged to ensure the well-being of its employees,
thus ensuring that they have sufficient motivation to deliver an outstanding performance.
Swisscom opens up new opportunities for all staff and views the various aspects of diversity in
their entirety.

Swisscom considers an equal gender ratio to be fundamentally important for the brand and for
ensuring the success of the company. Swisscom has thus set itself the goal of increasing the num-
ber of women at all management levels from 11% to 20% in the medium term. Swisscom therefore
operates special programmes to foster the development of talented female employees and seeks
promising female talents both internally and externally.

In addition, Swisscom is increasingly championing the use of solutions that support the compat-
ibility of family and career, thus creating a good work-life balance. In terms of diversity, it finds it
extremely important to have a wide range of cultures within the company. Thanks to the wide
range of approaches, ideas and skills possessed by all of our employees, Swisscom is an innovative
and creative company. Eighty-eight nations are represented among the staff at Swisscom.

The average age of the population and hence the average age of Swisscom’s workforce is constantly
increasing, which poses opportunities as well as risks. Swisscom is addressing this issue with its
“Age Management” initiative (see below).

Swisscom considers sexual orientation to be an important aspect of diversity. The company’s cor-
porate culture is shaped by openness and tolerance.

Swisscom does not differentiate between employees with physical or mental impairments and
those that are not impaired in relation to the opportunities offered to and the potential of indi-
vidual employees. Swisscom would rather build on the individual strengths and skills offered by
each individual employee. No cases of discrimination were reported in 2012.

Diversity @ Swisscom:
Swisscom’s workforce includes

different nationalities

106 | 107

Corporate Responsibility

Responsible employer


--- Page 105 ---

Age management

Swisscom is using “age management” to address demographic trends in good time and find inno-
vative ways of allowing older employees to continue in active employment. Because the average
age of employees, the wider population and therefore also Swisscom’s customers is increasing all
the time, the company set what is called “BestAge projects”. These projects focus on meeting the
needs of older employees and older customers. The measures and programmes implemented in
call centres and shops accommodate these needs. Older employees are serving and advising older
customers. Further initiatives include in-house consulting, where older senior managers advise
line management, provide coaching and allow others to benefit from their experience through
involvement in projects. Older employees can also be used as quality assurance specialists in net-
work construction projects.

Swisscom has been amember of the Swiss Demographics Forum since 2011. Currently comprising
seven finance and service companies, the Swiss Demographics Forum is a platform whose aim is
to compile and draw up basic principles for establishing sustainable and successful demographic
management. In 2012, the members of the forum developed a variety of practical solutions that
could be used by the participating companies.

Age structure of employees in full-time equivalent

20,000
16,046
15,000 2.796
10,218
10,000

5,000
3,032

2)

See
www.lohngleichheitsdialog.ch

15,641 15,616 16,298 16,160
3 ea9 cent 2,754 2,484
9.885 9,798 9,990 9,788

3,654 588 up to 30 years of age
3,167 | 3,287 | | | between 30 and 50 years of age
M over 50 years of age

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

Equal pay

Swisscom takes great care to ensure equal pay for men and women. The company’s salary system
is structured in such a way as to award equal pay for equivalent duties, responsibilities and per-
formance. To this end, the individual functions are assigned to function levels according to their
requirements anda salary band is defined for each function level. This stipulates the remuneration
range for equivalent duties and responsibility. Pay is determined within this range based on the
individual employee’s performance and experience. As part of its salary review, Swisscom grants
employees who have performed better and are lower down the salary band a pay rise beyond the
usual salary adjustments. This allows any existing wage disparities to be evened out on an ongoing
basis. When conducting the salary review, Swisscom also checks whether there are any pay
inequalities between men and women within individual organisational units and corrects them
in a targeted manner.

Swisscom also uses the federal government's equal pay tool (Logib) to conduct periodic reviews of
its salary structures to ascertain whether disparities exist between men’s and women's pay. Previous
reviews have revealed only minor pay discrepancies, well under the tolerance threshold of 5%.

In 2011, Swisscom joined the Equal Pay Dialogue, an initiative set up by the employer and employee
umbrella organisations in association with the federal government to review equal pay. The pos-
itive outcome of the Equal Pay Dialogue confirms that Swisscom salaries conform to the principle
of equal pay.


--- Page 106 ---

Employee satisfaction

In May 2012, Swisscom conducted an extensive survey to gauge the satisfaction of Swisscom staff.

Around 80% of the workforce participated. The results show that there is a high level of job satis-

faction and an extremely high level of employee commitment at Swisscom. The employees gave

all of the areas under review a significantly better score than in the 2010 survey, and some of the

scores were above-average when compared to other companies in the sector.

Below is a summary of the key findings:

> The level of commitment shown towards Swisscom has risen in comparison to the 2010 survey
(87 out of 100 points in comparison to 86 out of 100 points in 2010). This is an above-average
result in comparison to other companies.

> Job satisfaction has also improved, scoring two points more than in 2010 (73 out of 100 points).

> Employees are enjoying their work and being part of their respective team, and consider Swisscom
an innovative company and an attractive employer.

> Employees were particularly critical of cost management and the opportunities for career
progression.

In light of the employee survey results, the Group Executive Board has agreed upon the following

course of action:

> Asa result of the pleasing results and a clear upward trend in employee satisfaction versus the
2010 survey, the decision was taken to forego setting up a Group-wide taskforce.

> Instead, the Group Executive Board has decided to continue with all of the activities already
initiated.

108 | 109

Corporate Responsibility

Responsible employer


--- Page 107 ---

Employees in figures

Unit 2010 —2010in % 2011 2011 in % 2012 | 2012in%
Personnel structure in Switzerland
Employees in FTE according to GRI scope FTE/% 16,057 100.0% 16,628 100.0% 16,269 100.0%
Thereof employees included
in the following analysis FTE/% 15,616 97.3% 16,398 98.6% 16,160 99.3%
Employees with full-time employment FTE/% 13,500 86.4% 14,208 86.6% 13,954 86.3%
Employees with part-time employment FTE/% 2,116 13.6% 2,190 13.4% 2,206 13.7%
Employees with unlimited employment FTE/% 15,478 99.1% 16,342 99.7% 16,100 99.6%
Employees with limited employment FTE/% 138 0.9% 56 0.3% 60 0.4%
Female employees FTE/% 4357 27.9% 4,546 27.7% 4,330 26.8%
Male employees FTE/% 11,259 72.1% 11,852 72.3% 11,830 73.2%
Employees up to 30 years of age FTE/% 2,531 16.2% 2,754 16.8% 2,484 15.4%
Employees between 30 and 50 years of age FTE/% 9,798 62.8% 9,990 60.9% 9,788 60.6%
Employees over 50 years of age FTE/% 3,287 21.0% 3,654 22.3% 3,888 24.1%
Average age Years 41.2 n/a 41.3 n/a 419 n/a
Female employees in top management FTE/% 1s 12.0% 15 11.8% a1 9.1%
Male employees in top management FTE/% 110 88.0% 112 88.2% 110 90.9%
Female employees in middle management FTE/% 212 9.7% 242 10.4% 269 11.1%
Male employees in middle management FTE/% 1,968 90.3% 2,078 89.6% 2,150 88.9%
Temporary employees FTE 1415 9.1% 1,520 9.3% 1,636 10.1%
Apprenticeship positions number of jobs 805 5.2% 800 49% 907 5.6%
Personnel structure in Switzerland
Number of performance dialogues held FTE 17,462 97.9% 18,779 98.8% 18,779 98.8%
Fluctuation in Switzerland
Leavings/fluctuation women FTE/% 551 12.6% 534 11.7% 510 11.8%
Leavings/fluctuation men FTE/% 1,179 10.5% 1,421 12.0% 1,125 9.5%
Fluctuation rate total FTE/% 1,730 11.1% 1,955 11.9% 1,635 10.1%
Leavings up to 30 years of age FTE/% 419 24.2% 404 23.7% 387 23.7%
Leavings up to 50 years of age FTE/% 905 52.3% 1,120 57.3% 932 57.0%
Leavings from 30 to 50 years of age FTE/% 406 23.5% 371 19.0% 316 19.3%
Absences due to accidents and sickness in Switzerland
Days lost due to work-related sickness number of days 377 0.010% 5 - 2 -
Days lost due to sickness number of days 97,856 2.46% 98,916 2.39% 99,942 2.42%
Days lost due to work-related accidents number of days 2,752 0.07% 2,252 0.05% 2,846 0.07%
Days lost due to non-work-related accidents number of days 17,199 0.42% 15,037 0.36% 15,086 0.37%
Days lost total number of days 118,184 2.92% 116,210 2.80% 117,876 2.86%
Days lost per FTE number of days/FTE 7.6 n/a 71 n/a 73 n/a



--- Page 108 ---

Innovation and development

In a dynamic environment in which the market situation and
general conditions are constantly changing, innovation is key in
ensuring long-term success. Swisscom is working on future-
oriented issues that will sustainably strengthen Swisscom’s
position on the market.

In the field of innovation, Swisscom carries out research and development work as well as projects
which ensure that new products are ready to be brought onto the market. Based on “megatrends”
and “unknowns” the company develops future scenarios and analyses future customer require-
ments.

Innovation process

Research

Swisscom divides its research activities over the following long-term themes:

>

Development of services in the TV and entertainment segment: the technical possibilities in
the TV and entertainment segment are subject to rapid change, while new global and local
service providers are entering the market. Swisscom follows all technological and economic
trends and develops new solutions in order to ensure that its TV and entertainment offering
continues to remain competitive. In addition to the TV offering, Swisscom is increasingly work-
ing on developing innovations in related services, such as video conferencing and gaming.
Future development of the Swisscom infrastructure: the constant demand for bandwidth, the
rapidly growing use of mobile infrastructure and customer demands to be online everywhere
at all times all present Swisscom with new challenges. Swisscom is investing in the develop-
ment of new technologies in order to ensure a better experience for the customer. Swisscom
aims to promote Green ICT services in order to reduce costs and set itself apart from the com-
petition. Asa result, Swisscom launched a pilot project which involved data centres being cooled
by fresh air rather than more traditional air-conditioning systems.

Future business models for the telecommunications industry: thanks to its know-how and
expertise as a telecoms company, Swisscom is keen to offer new support services and to estab-
lish itself as an important link in the Internet service value chain. Acting as an interface between
Internet providers and end customers, Swisscom offers tools for identity, data and security man-
agement. Swisscom is also investing in the development of new skills in the area of real-time
and data analysis. This investment should help Swisscom better customise its services andiden-
tify potential faults in the network in good time.

110| 111

2
2
<
3°
7
o
in
2
g
3°
=
3
3

o

Responsible em
Innovation and development


--- Page 109 ---

©

See
www.swisscom.ch/
innovation

©

See
www.greentouch.org

Incubation and implementation

Swisscom is keen to incorporate new ideas from research to tap new areas of business and opti-
mise costs. It therefore reviews every promising idea in terms of profitability, feasibility and what
it offers customers. If an idea fulfils the relevant requirements, it is quickly tested and brought to
market. For example, Swisscom is currently pursuing new approaches to the digital home, new
television experiences and energy saving in Swisscom data centres.

New ideas are generated within the company or are the result of open innovation from customers,
start-ups and partners. Swisscom operates its own open innovation platform in the form of
Swisscom Labs, which has several thousand registered users.

Green Touch project

Green Touch is a global initiative which aims to dramatically improve energy efficiency in ICT net-
works by a factor of 1,000. Green Touch was set up in 2010 and is already supported by 50 man-
ufacturers, academic institutions and network operators. As a founding member, Swisscom played
a key role in the launch of Green Touch and is involved in two research areas.

In its third year, Green Touch presented a prototype to the public which was developed by several
of the consortium’s partners. The prototype significantly reduces the radiation generated by a
system through the combination of several antennas.

Tapping into new growth areas

Changed consumer behaviour and technological developments present an opportunity to tap into
new growth areas. Swisscom is investing in progressive solutions in the public health sector, the
dynamic control of energy consumption and the intelligent networking and control of appliances
in the home. These solutions will, for example, optimise energy consumption and provide people
with more comfort, security and efficiency in their home.

Successes

Below are a number of examples of products that have been developed ready for market:

> Solar Impulse: around the world in a solar-powered plane. The Swisscom Innovation depart-
ment developed the entire communication infrastructure for Solar Impulse, thus providing
pilots with an extremely reliable connection to the team on the ground. The development of
the infrastructure proved to be exceptionally challenging, as extremely strict requirements in
terms of minimum weight, energy efficiency and resistance to fluctuations in temperature had
to be met.

> Mobile Payment: make payments and collect loyalty points in future using a smartphone
instead of a card. Swisscom has worked together with several partners from the financial and
retail sectors to successfully carry out a field test for Mobile Payment. The test is based on Near
Field Communication (NFC) technology and involves the cards commonly used today being vir-
tualised in mobile phones.

> Fibre to the Street: fast broadband access available to all. As an alternative solution to
FTTH (Fibre to the Home) in which the fibre-optic cable is routed into the house, FTTS (Fibre to
the Street) has been developed so that the fibre-optic network is around 200 metres away from
the building. From this distance, individual properties are connected to the fibre-optic network
via the copper network already in place. Customers in Riggisberg were provided with extremely
fast broadband access (up to 400 Mbps) as part of a test of the FITS method. The next step in
this process is to further develop this method and prepare it for deployment in a larger
catchment area.


--- Page 110 ---

Long-term Swisscom investments

Insightful future scenarios

Future of entertainment

Entertainment has always been an important part of human life and will continue as such in the
future. Scenarios describe how entertainment will influence human life and business areas in
2022.

Future of retail

Retail and consumerism may face major changes over the coming years. The sharp increase in the
number of technologies available for online and mobile shopping may well mark the beginning
of a new era in consumerism.

Future of transportation

The current concept of transport is undergoing a process of unavoidable change. A new age of
transportation appears to be on the horizon, opening up a host of new opportunities for the
Swisscom Green ICT programme.

Information security partnership with ETH Zurich

Swisscom is helping to establish a new professorship for Information Security at The Federal Insti-
tute of Technology in Zurich (ETH). The aim of this is to improve Switzerland’s standing as a research
centre, thus establishing it on a global level, and to create a platform for an exchange of expertise
between the scientific and economic worlds.

112 | 113

Corporate Responsibility
Innovation and development


--- Page 111 ---

CERTIFICATION

SGS CERTIFICATION of the Swisscom Ltd 2012 GRI Sustainability Report

SCOPE

SGS was commissioned by Swisscom to conduct an independent assurance of the GRI-based disclosure on
sustainability in 2012. Our assurance scope included the GRI disclosure obligations and figures in accordance with the
GRI Index published at www.swisscom.com/GRI-2012. The scope of the assurance, based on the SGS Sustainability
ReportAssurance methodology, included all texts and 2012 data in accompanying tables contained in the printed Annual
Report 2012 and referenced information on the webpage of Swisscom as quoted in the GRI index. The assurance
process did not consider any data from previous years.

CONTENT

The Board of Directors or the Managing Director and the Management of the organisation are responsible for the details
provided in the Annual Report and on the website and in the presentation. SGS was not involved in the preparation of
any of the material included in the GRI Index and acted as an independent assuror of the data and text using the Global
Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, Version 3.1 (2011) as a standard. The content of this Assuror’s
Statement and the opinion(s) it gives is the responsibility of SGS.

CERTIFIER INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCIES

The SGS Group is active as a globally leading company in the areas of assurance, testing, verifying and certifying in
more than 140 countries and provides services, including the certification of management systems and services. SGS
confirms that it is independent from Swisscom. It is unbiased and no conflicts of interest exist with the organisation, its
subsidiaries and beneficiaries. The assurance team was assembled based on knowledge, experience and qualifications
for this assignment.

METHODOLOGY

The SGS Group has developed a set of protocols for the assurance of Sustainability Reports based on current best
practice guidance provided in the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, Version 3.1 (2011).
SGS also certified the environmental management systems of Swisscom (Switzerland) Ltd, Swisscom Broadcast Ltd
and cablex Ltd, and SQS has certified the environmental management system of Swisscom IT Services Ltd, in
accordance with ISO 14001:2004. The assurance comprised the evaluation of external sources, meetings with relevant
employees, a verification of the documentation and recordings as well as the validation of these with external institutions
and/or beneficiaries, where required. Financial data drawn directly from independently audited financial accounts was
not checked back to its source as part of this assurance process.

OPINION

The statements in the report refer to the system threshold disclosed (Group companies based in Switzerland). On the
basis of the above methodology, we did not detect any instances from which we would have to conclude that the
information and data disclosed by Swisscom Ltd in accordance with the GRI Index 2012 may be incorrect. The
information and data disclosed represent, to our mind, a fair and balanced picture of the sustainability efforts made by
Swisscom in 2012. The estimates stated in the report are justifiable; the implementation of the GRI-relevant instructions
was carried out at those parties involved, where Swisscom regarded them to be significant or feasible. Optimisation
potentials were mainly detected in the consistent and comprehensive controlling of the instructions’ implementation.
They were added to the list of objectives.

We believe that the existing gaps are not significant and the sustainability report meets the requirements of level A+ of
the GRI, Version 3.1 (2011) in accordance with the GRI Index.

SIGNED FOR AND ON BEHALF OF SGS

? bos e- 2 fer

Jakob Koster, Lead Auditor Elvira Bieri, Lead Auditor

Zurich, 25 January 2013 www.SGS.COM

