

--- Page 1 ---

CORPORATE PROFILE

Ramba Energy Limited (“Ramba” or “the Group") is a Singapore
Stock Exchange-listed company engaged in oil and gas exploration
and production in Indonesia. Ramba ventured into the energy
sector in 2008 with the goal of becoming a significant energy
producer in Indonesia.

Ramba, through its subsidiary, holds a 70% interest in the
Jatirarangon TAC block (‘Jatirarangon block”), located in West
Java, Indonesia; a 100% interest in the West Jambi KSO block
(‘West Jambi block"), located in Sumatra, Indonesia; and, through
its local subsidiary, holds a 51% interest in the Lemang PSC
block (“Lemang block"), also located in Sumatra, Indonesia. All
of Ramba’s assets are located in onshore regions on the Western
Indonesian islands of Java and Sumatra.

Ramba’'s logistics business unit, RichLand Logistics (“Richland”),
provides supply chain services including inbound and outbound
transportation activities, distribution management, seaport and
airport cargo handling services, and chemical logistics distribution
throughout the region. RichLand employs over 900 employees
and has a fleet of over 450 trucks and trailers, in addition to
managing more than 500 ISO-tanks.



--- Page 2 ---

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Ramba Energy Limited, | would like to present
the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2012.

REACHING NEW HEIGHTS

The title of this year’s Annual Report is ‘Reaching New Heights’
— a description of our journey to this point and a testament to
our accomplishments during the past year.

Indeed, 2012 marked a new beginning for Ramba, as our Group
experienced many successes during the past 12 months. Since
the establishment of Ramba Energy Limited in 2008, our Group
has worked diligently to strengthen its core business units, both
in oil and gas and logistics services. Since inception, we have
worked to build an accountable, transparent company with the
goal of creating shareholder value through our operations and
strong corporate governance.

Our achievements in 2012 have brought us closer to this
ultimate goal.

SUCCESS IN SPITE OF THE ODDS

With continued economic instability around the world, the past
year was undoubtedly marked with challenges for businesses,
regardless of geography. With the ongoing Eurozone crisis,
instability in the Middle East, political gridlock in the U.S. and
a slowdown in many Asia Pacific countries, there has been no
safe haven for businesses in the past 12 months. These adverse
events have caused global consequences in all economic
sectors, including the energy and logistics sectors.

However, with new challenges come new opportunities, as
was evident in our Group's performance in 2012. In a time
where many businesses have downsized or failed, our Group
has actually experienced growth, achieving 10.3% revenue
growth for the year. This was due to the strong and dedicated
management of the Group within both our oil and gas and
logistics business units, and their unwavering commitment to
delivering value to our shareholders.

We remain steadfast in our belief in the potential of the
Southeast Asia region, a region rich in resources and labour
— but, most importantly — human potential. Before our eyes,
this exciting and dynamic region is continuing to change with
political, economic and social reforms making the region a
modern, reform-minded region for business. At the centrepiece
of our strategy lies the Singapore and Indonesian markets, with
each market known for its business potential.

In Singapore, we see a mature, business-friendly environment,
which has served as the world’s gateway into Southeast Asia
for decades.

In Indonesia — Southeast Asia’s largest economy — we see
a country with unlimited potential. Political and economic
reforms have made this country a global investment
destination. With strong GDP growth of 6.2%*, 2012 marked
another step in the right direction in this country’s journey
forward.

We are proud to offer investors the opportunity to invest
in Indonesia through the security of the Singapore Stock
Exchange, and play asmall part in the growth story of Southeast
Asia.

COMMITMENT TO OUR BUSINESS

Our oil and gas business unit is a company on the verge of what
we hope will be a new beginning. With the successful discovery
at the Lemang block — located in Sumatra, Indonesia —- we
believe we are in a position to produce energy in the future ona
much greater scale. We are confident that this asset, as well as
the rest of our portfolio, will make Ramba a significant energy
producer in the future.

As for our logistics business unit, RichLand, 2012 marked a
year of substantive growth for the company in the Southeast

“WE REMAIN STEADFAST IN OUR BELIEF IN THE
POTENTIAL OF THE SOUTHEAST ASIA REGION, A
REGION RICH IN RESOURCES AND LABOUR - BUT,
MOST IMPORTANTLY — HUMAN POTENTIAL.”

2 | ANNUAL REPORT 2012

Financial Times, February 2013


--- Page 3 ---

GRATITUDE

company. Tt
9 a major, inte
1 contract in Indonesia. This contra
in RichLand's history — affirm
e in the Indonesian market, and its continued
ct our

empl
in Singa

doll

ould like

ind our e>

invalu
set o

the Group forward

emain optimistic fo
upcoming yea

h of th

iner that is

Mr Tan Chong Huat

|3


--- Page 4 ---

CEO’S MESSAGE

Dear Shareholders

Inayear that proved to be extremely challenging for businesses
around the world, we are proud of our accomplishments and
remain grateful for your continued belief in our company and
our goals. | am pleased to announce that we have moved closer
to our ultimate goal during this past year, as both our logistics
and oil and gas businesses have experienced major successes
in the past 12 months

OIL AND GAS

| am proud to report that our oil and gas business reached a
major milestone in December 2012, with a discovery at the
Lemang block, located in Sumatra, Indonesia. | am confident
that the successful oil and gas discovery at the Lemang block
will fundamentally transform our business. As our Group
worked for nearly 4 years to explore this asset, this discovery
validates our efforts and ongoing investment in this block and
strengthens our portfolio of Indonesian oil and gas assets

As we embark on the next phase, we will continue to explore
additional prospects at the Lemang block and prepare the
asset for potential future production

Furthermore, we will continue our work programs for our
other oil and gas assets to strengthen our energy portfolio.
With a total of 3 assets strategically located in proven basins
in Western Indonesia, our assets are lower risk and lower cost.
which we believe will offer enormous future potential

The Jatirarangon block — located in West Java, Indonesia —
continues to be our Group’s sole producing asset, successfully
doubling production in 2011. We will continue to explore this
asset in 2013 with the goal of additional production

The West Jambi block — located in Sumatra, Indonesia — is our
newest asset, as the block was officially awarded to Ramba
in June 2011. Since acquiring the block, Ramba has further
studied the asset and successfully reprocessed seismic data
in 2012. As a result, the Group plans to drill 2 exploration wells
in 2013.

Furthermore, we are always considering investments and
acquisitions of additional assets to strengthen our energy
portfolio. As we move ahead, we believe that our oil and gas
business is in an excellent position to grow in 2013.

LOGISTICS

Ramba’s logistics business unit, RichLand, continues to be a
strong and consistent business, celebrating its 20" anniversary
in 2012. RichLand is continuing on its course of substantial
year-on-year revenue growth, booking a record revenue of
$$63.6 million for 2012, a 11.7% increase from the previous
year.

RichLand's success comes from the Group’s strategy of
pursuing opportunities in emerging markets throughout the
region. In March 2012, RichLand commenced warehousing
and distribution services for PT Chandra Asri Petrochemical
Tbk, a major petrochemical supplier in Indonesia. The contract
is the largest in RichLand’s history and is not only significant
in terms of revenue, but affirms the company’s position as
an emerging logistics solutions provider in Indonesia. As we
move ahead, we see continued expansion and diversification
as essential to logistics operations, and are optimistic in our
ability to compete on a regional level

Additionally, Singapore continues to be the foundation for
RichLand, as the country remains a business-friendly hub and
one of the most important international logistics markets in
the world. RichLand is continuing to grow in this market, as it
offers core services in domestic transportation, warehousing,
terminal handling, full container haulage and project logistics

We are optimistic that RichLand will continue to expand
substantially in 2013 through regional operations, while
maintaining its position as a market leader in Singapore



--- Page 5 ---

“TAM CONFIDENT THAT
THE SUCCESSFUL OIL
AND GAS DISCOVERY
AT THE LEMANG BLOCK
WILL FUNDAMENTALLY
TRANSFORM OUR
BUSINESS.”

r

i

| am confident that 2013 will be one of the most exciting years
in Ramba’s history. As our oil and gas business continues to
mature, we are excited for the future potential of this business
unit, as well as the growth opportunities for RichLand, both in
Singapore and Indonesia.

=

LOOKING AHEAD

| sincerely thank all of our shareholders and stakeholders for
your support in this process. Without your continued faith in our
company, none of our achievements would have been possible.

We look forward to reaching new heights in 2013.

Sincerely,

Mr Aditya Wisnuwardana Seky Soeryadjaya
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED | 5


--- Page 6 ---



--- Page 7 ---

REACHING NEW
HEIGHTS IN OUR
JOURNEY FORWARD.



--- Page 8 ---

BOARD OF DIRECTORS



--- Page 9 ---

MR TAN CHONG HUAT

Non-Executive Chairman

Mr Tan Chong Huat is the Non-Executive
Chairman of Ramba, holding the position since
2008. He is also the Managing Partner and one
of the founding members of RHTLaw Taylor
lessing LLP. He is currently the head of its
orate and Securities Practice

Mr Tan has extensive experience in corporate,
banking and project finance law in Singapore
and the region, and has acted in numerous
nificant corporate transactions. He has been
nami leading practitioner in many reputable
professional publications.

Mr Tan is an adjunct associate professor of the
Law Faculty, National University of Singapore
and the Nanyang Business School, Nanyang
Technological University. Besides authoring two
leading pieces of literature on PRC investment
laws, he has co-authored a title on “Corporate
Governai of Listed Companies in Singapore,”
andisa ditor for a new title on “Corporate
governance: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.”

A Fellow with the Singapore Institute of
Directors, Mr Tan is also chairman of corporate
governanc: mmittees and director of several
public listed companies.

His recent appointments include being council
member of Corporate Governance Council of
the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the
Football Association of Singapore.

Mr Tan graduated with a degree in Law from the
National University of Singapore and a Master
of Law from the University of London. He is an
cor in Singapore, a solicitor
les, and a solicitor in the
Supreme Court of New South Wales, Australia
He is a Notary Public and a Commissioner for
Oaths. He is a fellow of the Singapore Institute
of Arbitrators and the Chartered Institute of
Arbitrators and an accredited arbitrator with
the China International Economic and Trade
Arbitration Commission

MR ADITYA WISNUWARDANA SEKY
SOERYADJAYA

Chief Executive Officer and Executive
Director

Mr Aditya Wisnuwardana Seky Soeryadjaya is
the Chief Executive Officer and the Executive
Director of Ramba, and a founding member of
the Group in its current form

Mr Soeryadjaya has helped develop Ramba's
logistics and oil and gas business units into
what they are today. His vision is to make
Ramba a _ significant energy producer in
indonesia through continued diversification
and growth.

Prior to joining Ramba, he gai international
work experience in the United States, working
with the New York office of Ernst & Young.
Additionally, he founded a real estate and
mortgage brokerage company in Irvine
California that was eventually acquired by a
major real estate brokerage.

n 2007, he returned to Indonesia to pursue a
career in the energy sector.

Mr Soeryadjaya graduat
of Science degree in g from the
University of Southern California in Los Angeles,
California, U.S.

MR DANIEL ZIER JOHANNES JOL
Commercial Director and Executive
Director

Mr Daniel Zier Johannes Jol is the Commercial
Director and the Executive Director of Ramba,
and a founding member of the Group in
its current form. He is re: sible for the
organization's strategic jon and over
the logistics and oil and gas busin
incl ig the supervision of
development, rebranding, value creation and
streamlining of the business. He proactively
targets, assesses and executes merger and
acquisition opportunities and is heavily involved
in the organization's investment, fundraising
and budget preparation. Mr Jol ntinuous
dedication to develop Ramba's oil and gas
business has helped transform Ramba into
a growing oil and gas company, in addition to
being a stable logistics enterprise.

His prior experience includ Upstream
Business Development at Marking Services
nc, and Operations at Ballast Ham Dredging
where he was assigned to various reclamation
soil improvement and dredging projects in
Southeast Asia

ated with a Bachelor of Science
degree in Civil Engineering from Purdue
University ir st Lafayette, Indiana, U.S., and
a Master’s Degree in Business Administration
from National University of Singapore. He is
currently pursuing a Master of Science Degree
in Petroleum Engineering

Mr Jol gradi

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED | 9


--- Page 10 ---

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

MS LANYMARTA GANADJAJA

Executive Director

Ms Lanymarta Ganad
the Internal

ja is the Executive Director
E Grou ith teams in gapore and
o drives the Risk Management Committee.
quarterly to the Audit Committee and the Board of D:
inadjaja her over 25 years of experience in fina
he provide: e to the Oil & Gas

it Ramba. She

ama, the holding company of
positions include Finance and
Accounting Manager at PT Ika Muda Seafoods International and Internal
Auditor at Astra Group.

As Ganadjaja ho
im Parahyangan Catholic University in Bandung. esia. She also
ficates in Certified Management Accour nes
Actuary Calculation, Effect d counting for
Mergers and Consolic Financial Re| Accounting
and Financial Report

n Accounting

h

hol

Oxley

10 | ANNUAL REPORT 2012

MR BAMBANG NUGROHO

Executive Director and Technical Director

Mr Bambang Nugroho is Executive Di or of Ramba and a veteran in

the oil and ndustry.

Prior

to joining Ramba, Mr Nugroho w the Vice President of
lopment at Elnusa Tristar Ramba Limited, where he was
oject creation to develop existing oil reserves and
ease production. He wa: tate-owned oil and
gas company Pertamina, ns including Dire:
and CEO of the U; lent of Corporate
ATD of E&P Business Development, General Manager of JOB Pertamina
Talisman Canada Ltd, and Exploitation Manager of South Sumatra
Region.

inc

since been
Limited. Mr

nt at Ramba, he ha:
Inusa Tristar Ram

Subsequent to Mr Nugrol
appointed as Presiden
Nugroho has publishe:

many pape
A

urce:

Mr Nugroho graduated with a deg!

Bandung Institute of Tec!

gree in Petroleum Engineering from
gy in Bandung, In



--- Page 11 ---

MR CHEE TECK KWONG PATRICK

Independent Director

Mr Chee Teck Kwong Patrick, PBM, was appointed as an Independent
Director in 2008.

Mr Chee is an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of the
Republic of Singapore since 1980 and is also admitted as a solicitor of
the Senior Courts of England and S.

He is currently practicing as a Senior Legal Consultant with KhattarWong
LLP. Mr Chee is a Notary Public and a Commissioner for Oaths. He is
a member of Singapore Institute of Arbitrators and Singapore Institute
ors. He also sits on the board of China International Holdings
Hanwell Holdings Limited, CSC Holdings Limited, Singapore

Windsor Holdings Limited, Tat Seng Packaging Group Ltd, Hai Leck
Holdings Limited and Hengxin Technology Ltd.
Mr Chee is active in community service and he is also the recipient of

the National Day Awards 2003
President of Republic of Singapore.

The Public Service Medal from the

Mr Chee holds a Bachelor of Laws (Hons) Degree from the University of
Singapore.

MR TAY AH KONG BERNARD

Independent Director

Mr Tay Ah Kong Bernard is currently the Non-Executive Chairman of
Crowe Horwath First Trust LLP, which is a Certified Public Accountants
firm and Chairman of the Risk Committee of RHT Capital Pte. Ltd.
('RHT"). RHT is an approved SGX (Catalist) Continuing Sponsor's
Company. Mr Tay is an Inc t Director of several public companies
listed on the SGX Mainboard and Catalist, including a dual Listing on
SEHK Mainboard

He is the President of the Automobile Association of Singapore and
Chairman of Singapore Road Safety Council. Mr Tay is also the Vice
President of the Singapore Productivity Association and a member of the
Ministry of Home Affairs - Community Involvement Steering Committee.
He was appointed as Senior Advisor to the Government of Huzhou City,
Zhejiang Province of the Pe: ’s Republic of China

He is a recipient of the Service to Education Award and Community
Service Medal and was conferred the Bintang Bakti Masyarakat (Public
Service Star) and the Pingat Bakti Masyarakat (Public Service Medal) by
the President of the Republic of Singapore

In addition, he was a member of the Resource Panel of the Government
Parliamentary Committees for Home Affairs and Communications. He
had also sat on several committees ur the Accounting and Corporate
gulatory Authority, which includes the Complaints and Disciplinary
Panel - Public Accountants Oversight Committee, Standing Law Review
Focus Group and Directors’ Duties Study Team. He was also a member
of the Singapore Corporate Awards Judging Panel for the Best Annual
Report Award.

Mr Tay is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
(U.K.), the Institute of Certified Pub! countants of Singapore, the
Taxation Institute of At the Singapore Institute of Directors.
He is also a Chartered Accountant of Malaysia.

Mr Tay has a wide range of experience from having worked in public
accounting firms in the United Kingdom and Singapore, the Inland
Revenue Authority of Sin panies in commerce, industry
and management consulting for a period over 30 years.

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED | 11


--- Page 12 ---

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

MR COLIN MORAN

Logistics Director

Mr Colin Moran is the Logi Director for Ramba, and a memb'
Board of Dir f Richland Global Ltd, the hi
Richland Logi He joined the Gro

an brings 25 years of experience, expert
nization, and is fully responsible for the development he
g unit. His ambition is to make RichLand one of the
largest Southeast Asian: 1 I
geographic growth and b

and leadership to

‘ess diversifica

ithin the region

rience in the contract |
ng industries specific to the Sout
sed in Singapore and Indone:

He has in-dep
and freight for
having spent 17 year

express courier
east Asia region

Prior to joining Ramba, he
Development for CEVA Lo;
Me Director of TNT Lo;

management of over 6,000 em

ral certifica
intern.

Mr Moran hi
managemen

in leadership and
nal educational instit

pply chain
ns.

12 | ANNUAL REPORT 2012

MR LEE SECK HWEE

Chief Financial Officer

@ Chief Financial Officer for Ramba. He is
and treasury,
vely involved
oncerning the

Mr Lee Seck Hwee
responsible for m
reporting,
in the financial and relat
Group’s acquisition ai

ed administrative functior
portunities

sir

with him over 25 years of finance experience, which
Head of Finance at the group level of SMOE,
s & Constructors, Trans Eurokars, and Beloit Asia

Pacific

Mr Lee is a Chartered Certified Accountant and a Singapore CPA.

He holds a Master of Applied Finance from Macquarie University in
Australia. Mr Lee is a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants (U.K.) and the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of

Singapore.


--- Page 13 ---

GENERAL MANAGEMENT

MR CHRIS WHITMEE

Senior Advisor

An industry veteran with over 35 years of oil and gas experience, Mr Chris
Whitmee provides counsel to Ramba for technical operations related to
the Group's assets

Mr Whitmee has provided previous consulting services to major
multinational oil and gas companies in various countries.

He has extensive experience in the Southeast Asia region as he has
provi insulting servic in Indonesia, Malay Banglad
Thailand, the Philippines and Myanmar. He has also worked in the United
States, Europe and Africa in various industry positions.

Mr Whitmee holds a degree in Oil Technology from the Royal School of
Mines, Imperial College, University of London.

MR BAMBANG SATYA MURTI

General Manager and Senior Technical Expert

Mr Bambang Satya Murti is the General Manager and Senior Technical
Expert for the Lemang block.

Mr Murti is a geoscientist and lead interpreter with over 20 years of
experience in the petroleum industry. Prior to joining Ramba, irked
with Caltex, Huffco, ConocoPhillips, and Halliburton. His last
to manage a team to maximize the productivity of seven brown fi
South Sumatra,

Mr Murti is an expert in conducting and leading integrated sub-surface
interpretation teams, block ac ition and evaluation. Additionally, he
has published many papers ar n active member of the Indonesia
Petroleum Association (IPA), and the Indonesia Geologist Association

Mr Murti graduated with a degree in Geology from Gadjah Mada
University in Jakarta, Indonesia.

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED | 13


--- Page 14 ---

GENERAL MANAGEMENT

MR OTONG ADISAPOETRA
Head of Health, Safety and Environmental Affairs

Mr Otong Adisapoetra is the Head of Health, Safety and Environmental
Affairs (HSE) for Ramba’s oil and gas business unit. He is responsible
for ensuring safe and sustainable operations in all areas of the Group's
oil and gas operations. He is leading a “zero tolerance” policy aimed to
increase safe it all Group sites. He brings a passion for safety and the
environment to the position

Prior to joining Ramba, Mr poetra was tt
TAC Pertamina — Ellipse Energy Jatirarangon
as Ramba Energy Jatirarangon Ltd.)

General Manager for the
hana Ltd. (now known

With 35 years of experience in the oil and gas industry, Mr Adisapoetra
has experience in various roles with IIACO (Independent Indonesia
American Company/Diamond Shamrock), Maxus Southeast Sumatra
Ltd, and Maxus YPF / Repsol (now CNOOC Ltd),

oetra’s achievements include the implementation of |SO-
certification for environmental management

14 | ANNUAL REPORT 2012

MR SUTIKNO YUDI SUHARJO
General Manager

Mr Sutikno Yudi Suharjo was appointed General Manager for Ramba in
early 2012.

A veteran of the Indonesian oil and gas industry with nearly 30 years
of experience, he has worked for several multinational oil and gas
exploration and production companies operating in Indonesia, gaining
experience in both onshore and offshore operations. His previous work
experience includes Asamera Oil, Gulf Resources, and ConocoPhillips.
Furthermore, Mr Suharjo gained international experience with Gulf
Resources, as he was responsible for the company's engineering
operations at sites in Western Canada

Mr Suharjo holds a master's degree in petroleum engineering from Tulsa
University in Tulsa, Oklahoma, U.S.


--- Page 15 ---

FINANCIAL
REVIEW

2012 HIGHLIGHTS:

» MARCH 2012:
RichLand commences work on S$100 million warehousing and
distribution contract in Indonesia, the largest in Group history

» OCTOBER 2012:
Group drills first exploration well at the Lemang block, located in
Sumatra, Indonesia

» DECEMBER 2012:
Group announces oil and gas discovery at the Lemang block

» DECEMBER 2012:
Group records highest-ever revenue of S$75.0 million

2012: ANOTHER RECORD REVENUE YEAR

Building upon its su s in 2010 and 2011, the Group once
again booked record revenue in FY2012, as total Group revenue
reached S$75.0 million for the year, a 10.3% increase from
S$68.0 million in revenue recorded in FY2011.

This increase in revenue is attributed to increased logistics
operations from RichLand, which recorded S$63.6 million in
revenue for FY2012, its highest annual revenue figure to date
This marks an 11.7% increase from the S$57.0 million recorded
by RichLand in FY2011. The increase in revenue is mainly due
to RichLand commencing work on a major warehousing and
distribution project in Indonesia for PT Chandra Asri Tbk. The
project, which commenced in March 2012, is worth an estimated
S$100 million over a 5-year period and will see RichLand provide
logistics services at 4 facilities throughout Java

The Group's oil and gas business unit recorded consistent
revenue from the Jatirarangon block, located in West Java,
Indonesia. Ramba recorded S$8.6 million in revenue for FY2012,
a slight increase from S$8.3 million recorded in FY2011

OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES

Total costs and operating expenses grew to S$79.9 million for
the year, resulting in a net loss attributable to shareholders of
$$7.6 million. The additional expenses were mainly due to costs
associated with the Group's continued investment in its oil and
gas exploration and production activities ich include higher
operating and equipment costs, higher salaries and employee
benefits due to additional headcount. Furthermore, the Group
invested heavily in equipment and manpower for increased
logistics operations in Indonesia

80

60

40

20

GROUP REVENUE (S$MILLION)

2007 2008 2009 2010
FINANCIAL YEAR

2011 2012

GREATER CONTRIBUTION FROM INDONESIA OPERATIONS

Indonesia continues to be an increasingly important market
for the Group, as the revenue contribution from Indonesia
operations continues to grow year-on-year

Revenue from Indonesia operations and assets increased
significantly in FY2012. Revenue from Indonesia contributed
$$277 million in total Group revenue for the year, an increase
from the S$20.8 million in FY2011.

The Group remains committed to the Indonesian market for the
coming year, as increased logistics operations and potentially
greater oil and gas production are expected to significantly
contribute to the Group's long-term revenue.

The Group will continue to invest heavily in Indonesia in 2013 and
beyond, both for the logistics and oil and gas business units.

BALANCE SHEET

Non-current assets increased by S$14.1million to S$62.5 million
mainly due to the i ase in property, plant and equipment of
$$3.8 million, and S$10.8 million in the investment in exploration
and evaluation assets, as a result of drilling and exploration
activities carried out for the Lemang block; offset with lower
oil and gas properties as a result of depreciation charges and
exchange revaluation

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED | 15


--- Page 16 ---

CONSTANTLY
EXPLORING NEW
OPPORTUNITIES.



--- Page 17 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED | 17



--- Page 18 ---

OIL & GAS OVERVIEW

GROWING ALONGSIDE INDONESIA

Indonesia remains one of the most attractive oil and gas
markets in Southeast Asia, as it is an archipelago rich in
natural resources. Furthermore, the continued growth and
development of the country has increased the domestic
demand for energy and the importance of oil and gas for local
economies. With strong economic fundamentals, political
stability, GDP growth of 6.2% in 2012, and a rising middle
class, Indonesia is becoming one of the most important energy
markets in Asia.

Indonesia holds an estimated 3.88 billion barrels in proven oil
reserves and 106 trillion cubic feet in proven gas reserves*,
making the country home to the largest proven gas reserves in
the Asia Pacific region**.

Ramba’'s strategy is to tap into Indonesia's vast natural
resources sector to become a significant energy producer in
Indonesia. The Group is committed to Indonesia's continued
growth, and is eager to grow alongside Indonesia in the
country’s journey forward.

With a portfolio of lower-risk, lower-cost assets located
in Western Indonesia, Ramba is positioned to become a
domestic energy producer in the country. Ramba’s assets are
located in proven, onshore basins on the Indonesian islands of
Sumatra and Java, all of which are in proximity to necessary
infrastructure and regional energy markets. Ramba's strategy
is to explore, develop and exploit these assets and create value
for shareholders

Ramba’s portfolio of oil and gas assets includes the Jatirarangon
block, a producing asset located in West Java, as well as two
exploration blocks, the Lemang block and West Jambi block,
both located in Sumatra

The Group recorded its first revenue from oil and gas in April
2010, successfully commencing oil production from its
Jatirarangon block. In 2011, oil and gas revenue increased by
approximately 61% after Ramba doubled production from the
block. Oil and gas revenue remained consistent in 2012, as
Ramba booked S$8.6 million in oil and gas revenue for the year.

Additionally, in 2011, Ramba officially finalized the West Jambi
KSO agreement with Pertamina, giving the company the rights
to manage the block for 20 years. The West Jambi block is
located in the South Sumatra Basin, one of the most favourable
regions in Indonesia for oil and gas exploration.

In 2012, Ramba announced a successful oil and gas discovery
at the Lemang block. The discovery marks a major milestone
for the Group, as it was successful in drilling its first exploration
well. The Lemang block has the potential to significantly
enhance Ramba's portfolio and increase the amount of oil and
gas produced by the Group.

Furthermore, Ramba is constantly evaluating acquisition and
farm-in opportunities and strategic partnerships to further
diversify its portfolio of assets in Indonesia

The Group remains highly optimistic when considering the
future potential of its oil and gas work program

18 | ANNUAL REPORT 2012


--- Page 19 ---

» FEBRUARY 2008:
Group commences acquisition of RichLand Group Limited with

the intent of creating a business with two core areas of focus: oil
and gas exploration and production and logistics services

» JANUARY 2009:

Group changes its name to Ramba Energy Limited to better
represent its interests in the energy sector

» MARCH 2010:

Ramba acquires Jatirarangon block, located in West Java,
Indonesia

» DECEMBER 2010:

Ramba records first oil and gas revenue of S$5.2 million for
FY2010

» JUNE 2011:
Ramba is awarded the West Jambi block, located in Sumatra,

Indonesia; Group is given the rights to manage the block until
2031

» JULY 2011:

Ramba’s interest in the Lemang block valued by international
petroleum consultancy DeGolyer & MacNaughton at US$193.6
million

» 511 million barrels of oil*
» 468 billion cubic feet of gas*

» JULY 2011:

Ramba announces plan to drill Selong-1 wellas the first exploration
well at the Lemang block

» OCTOBER 2011:

Ramba successfully doubles production from the Jatirarangon
block

» DECEMBER 2011:

Oil anekgas revenue increases to S$8.3 million for FY2011

» OCTOBER 2012:

Ramba commences explorationsdrilling of Lemang block with
Selong-1 as the first exploration well tobe drilled

» DECEMBER 2012:

Ramba discovers 222 feet of gross pay at the Selong-1 well;
2 testing results indicate flow rates of up to approximately 3,500
barrels of oil equivalent per day

Construction of acess road and’Staging area
at-the Lemang block, June 2012. *Gross prospective recoverable resources

| 19



--- Page 20 ---

OIL & GAS OVERVIEW

JATIRARANGON BLOCK
WEST JAVA, INDONESIA

OVERVIEW

t Java, Indones
block

a,

ppro:

fahana Li nited
in Limited). The
by P na Sad

wn formations; Cisubuh, Cibulakan,
rand Jatibarang.

kilometres and has 6 ki
Parigi, Baturaja, Talan

Ramba is under
the Jatirarangon block
Perusahaan Gas Negara (|

supply the gas pre 3}
esian gas di aution firm
GN) until 2014.

GAS PRICE INCREASE

vith
increased to
ncreas 4

()

mains confident it will secure a
ving the expiration of the current a

The Group
future fc

s buyer in the
ement in 2014

CONSISTENT GAS PRODUCTION AND REVENUE

olio, the block ha
tent source of revenue for its emerging oil an
unit.

busin

FUTURE PLANS

he Group plan
ern closure of the
Furthermore, R

ith the
ba plans

n well in
f the bloc
The Group is



--- Page 21 ---

LEMANG BLOCK
SUMATRA, INDONESIA

OVERVIEW

The Lemang block is located in Jambi and Riau provinces,
Sumatra, Indonesia, and holds significant potential for Ramba.
The block is located in the South Sumatra basin, an area with
one of the highest technical success rates for oil and gas
exploration in Indonesia.

The Lemang block came into Ramba's portfolio in 2009,
covering an initial area of 4,238 square kilometers. Ramba
purchased a 41% working interest in the block and operating
rights for a purchase price of US$7 million. Since acquiring a
stake in the block, the Group has identified over 27 prospects
and leads. Ramba's local subsidiary, PT Hexindo Gemilang
Jaya, holds a 51% interest in the Lemang block*.

The Lemang block is adjacent to the Jabung block, a currently
producing block operated by PetroChina with output of
approximately 58,000 boepd of oil and gas (Jakarta Post, 2010).

The Lemang PSC agreement expires in 2037.

VALUATION OF THE BLOCK

In July 2011, Ramba announced the results of an independent,
third party valuation of the Lemang block. International
petroleum consultancy, DeGolyer & MacNaughton (D&M)
valued Ramba's 41% stake in the Lemang block at US$193.6
million**

The report values 10 prospects and leads throughout the
block. The valuation estimates the block as holding 511 million
barrels of oil and 468 billion cubic feet of gas (gross prospective
recoverable resources).

The 10 prospects and leads covered by the report are
Akatara, Wajik, Ampyang-1, Sagon, Arem Arem, SMD-1, CMP-1,
Ampyang-2, Sagon and Wajik.

SUCCESSFUL OIL AND GAS DISCOVERY

In December 2012, the Group announced its first discovery at
the Lemang block, as the Selong-1 exploration well — the first
well drilled at the Lemang block - encountered 222 feet of
gross pay.

Flow rates from the Selong-l during testing were up to 790
barrels of oil per day (“BOPD”) from the Lower Talang Akar
Formation and up to 16.8 million standard cubic feet per day
('mmscfd") from the Upper Talang Akar Formation. The
Selong-1 well has since been suspended as a discovery well

The successful discovery at the Lemang block marks a major
milestone for Ramba, as the Group has the potential to
commence production from the Lemang block and produce oil
and gas at a substantially greater rate than ever before

As the Selong-1 was the first exploration well drilled at the
Lemang block, the Group remains highly optimistic in the
potential of the remaining leads and prospects at the block and
its future exploration program

2013 WORK PROGRAM AND DEVELOPMENT PLANS

In February 2013, the Group commenced exploration drilling at
the Akatara prospect, the second prospect to be drilled at the
Lemang block. The Akatara-l reached a total depth of 6,400
feet in exploration drilling operations.

In 2013, Ramba plans to execute 3D seismic and possible
front-end engineering design (FEED) work for the Akatara and
Selong prospects.

In addition to further appraising the Selong and Akatara
prospects, the Group plans to explore its third prospect, Wajik,
in the future. Planning and studies for the access road are
currently underway.

in D O11
RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED | 21


--- Page 22 ---

OIL & GAS
OVERVIEW

WEST JAMBI BLOCK
SUMATRA, INDONESIA

OVERVIEW

est in the

Jambi block

and the rept

seismic and has plans to

siring and

22 |



--- Page 23 ---

LOGISTICS OVERVIEW

CELEBRATING 20 YEARS OF DELIVERING PROMISES

In2012, RichLand celebrated its 20-year anniversary by posting
its third consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth.

Since being acquired by the Group, RichLand has delivered
year-on-year results with the intent of maximizing shareholder
value. Relatively untouched by the global financial crisis,
RichLand has advanced in spite of adverse issues throughout
the logistics sector. Among other challenges in recent years,
RichLand has been forced to overcome higher operating
expenses, higher fuel costs, changing labour and manpower
laws, as well as a reduction in volume throughout the logistics
sector. In spite of this, RichLand has delivered consistent
revenue growth year-on-year.

What started as a small, localized logistics provider 20 years
ago — with only one truck for operations — has now grown
to become one of the leading domestic transportation and
warehousing companies in Singapore, and now Indonesia.
During this 20-year period, RichLand has maintained long-term
relationships with its major clients, making RichLand a leader
for logistics services in Singapore. RichLand prides itself on
delivering promises to its clients in Singapore and the Southeast
Asia region, and is highly optimistic for its next 20 years.

RichLand now employs more than 900 staff throughout the
Asia Pacific region. Additionally, RichLand operates a transport
fleet of more than 450 trucks and trailers, and manages over
500 !SO-tanks. Furthermore, RichLand manages more than
1,200,000 square feet of warehousing capacity, delivering
more than 2 million tonnes per year.

2012: ANOTHER RECORD YEAR

In following its recent success, 2012 marked another record
year for RichLand. Coming off a successful end to FY2011 -
where RichLand recorded revenue of S$57.0 million supported
by a S$10-million one-off project; a 32% increase from FY2010
revenue — RichLand once again booked a record revenue year
for FY2012. RichLand achieved S$63.6 million in revenue for
FY2012, the highest amount in RichLand’s history. This marks
a 117% increase from FY2011 revenue (36% growth when
excluding the FY2011 one-off project). Revenue figures for
FY2012 reflect RichLand’s new growth from investments in
new business in Indonesia, as well as sustained operations in
Singapore.

The Group also attributes the continued revenue growth to
RichLand's strategy of steady and consistent growth and
business expansion while maintaining long-term relationships
with existing customers. As in previous years, RichLand
prioritized customer retention with value-added servcies, in
addition to expanding into new areas within the logistics industry.

PROJECT LOGISTICS

One of RichLand’s immediate priorities for the coming year
is to expand its project logistics business unit, RichLand
Project Logistics Pte Ltd. The Group is looking to build upon
the success of the business unit's first project in the marine
logistics sector, which it completed in Q3 2011. The marine

LOGISTICS TIMELINE:

» 1992:
RichLand founded in Singapore

» 1992-2004:
RichLand grows to become a leading logistics company in
Singapore

» 2004:
RichLand lists on Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX) Mainboard

» 2007:
RichLand expands into Indonesia

» 2008:
RichLand is acquired by Redmount Holdings Limited

» 2009:
Group changes its name to Ramba Energy Limited; ventures
into oil and gas exploration and production and logistics
services

» 2009:

RichLand expands into chemical logistics sector through
the successful acquisition of a regional chemical logistics
company, giving the Group a network of agents across the
Asia Pacific region and a fleet of over 500 ISO-tanks

» 2009:
RichLand establishes project logistics division

» 2010:
RichLand expands significantly in Indonesia; is awarded 2
major chemical logistics contracts

» 2011:
RichLand completes first marine logistics project as project
logistics division matures

» 2012:

RichLand announces major warehousing and distribution
contract in Indonesia with PT Chandra Asri Petrochemical
Tbk; new contract is the largest in RichLand’s history and
affirms RichLand’s presence in Indonesia

» 2012:
RichLand celebrates 20 years of delivering promises in
Singapore

spread project — worth S$10 million — saw RichLand provide
barge accommodation, chartering and support services for
a major EPC company for its operations in the Natuna Sea,
Indonesia.

The project marked the successful entry of RichLand into
the marine logistics sector and is an example of the Group’s
continued diversification within the logistics sector.

RichLand will continue to explore new opportunities for its
project logistics division in the marine logistics sector, as well
as other areas within the logistics sector.

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED | 23


--- Page 24 ---

LOGISTICS OVERVIEW

INDONESIA: A GROWTH MARKET

The past year marked a significantly greater contribution for
RichLand's international operations as the Group continued
to build on its ambition to become a leading logistics solutions
provider in Southeast Asia.

This strong performance was largely the result of Indonesia
operations, as 2012 marked RichLand’s most successful year
to date in the Indonesian market. Since entering the Indonesian
market in 2007, RichLand had worked to establish a strong
and diversified business with a growing local presence. After
being awarded 2 major chemical logistics contracts in 2010,
RichLand further expanded its Indonesia operations in 2012 by
securing the largest contract in the Group’s history.

In March 2012, RichLand commenced warehousing and
distribution operations for PT Chandra Asri Petrochemical Tbk
(“CAP"), a leading Indonesian petrochemical company. The
contract — worth an estimated S$100 million over a 5-year
period — is the largest dollar-value contract in RichLand’s
history and affirmed its position as a logistics solutions provider
in Indonesia. RichLand is currently providing logistics services
to CAP at 4 sites across Java; at 2 facilities in Anyer, 1 facility in
Solo, and 1 facility in Surabaya

RichLand today employs over 400 staff in Indonesia
Additionally, RichLand manages five facilities in Indonesia
with over 700,000 square feet of warehousing capacity, and
delivers more than 1,000,000 tonnes of cargo throughout the
archipelago. With a mixed fleet of owned and sub-contracted
vehicles, RichLand currently handles more than 4,000
truckloads per month.

Looking ahead, RichLand will continue to pursue new business
opportunities in Indonesia’s consumer, chemical, and oil and
gas sectors and will work to capture the opportunities that lie in
this dynamic emerging market.

Furthermore, the Group will continue to leverage its wide
network of agents and affiliates that spans across the Asia
Pacific region, from India to South Korea

CONTINUOUSLY INVESTING IN IMPROVEMENT

RichLand will continue to invest in assets, technology and
personnel to improve its service offerings to clients. As a
logistics company that directly invests in assets and equipment,
RichLand owns and operates the majority of vehicles used in
operations, giving RichLand considerably greater control in the
management of services on behalf of customers. The past year
was a year of calculated investments made by the Group to bring
long-term benefits to its clients in the Southeast Asia region.

In 2012, the Group hired approximately 400 new employees for
Indonesia operations, significantly increasing its workforce in
the country. Additionally, in 2012, RichLand purchased 52 new
trucks for its Indonesia operations

The Group is continuing to invest in skilled labour positions to
retain seasoned industry professionals to help determine and
execute RichLand's strategy for regional growth

RichLand is committed to retaining and developing its
employees who bring specific expertise in logistics solutions to
the business

NEW OPPORTUNITIES

The year ahead will undoubtedly be another challenging year
for the logistics industry; however, the Group remains highly
confident in its ability to continue to meet these challenges
and succeed. RichLand will continue to pursue opportunities
to expand and diversify within the logistics sector — both in
Singapore and in Southeast Asia — and benefit from the growth
and stability of the Southeast Asia region

In 2013, the Group will work to potentially increase its presence
in Malaysia - an increasingly important regional logistics
market — as well as maintain its current position as a leader in
the Singapore and Indonesia markets. At all times RichLand will
remain committed to delivering results to shareholders.

