

--- Page 1 ---

LL
LLJ
~—
fad
faa)
=
am

IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS

The following section presents the major risks identified as of the date the
Registration Document was filed.

Other risks not yet identified, or not currently considered material for the
Group, could have a negative impact on Safran's activities, financial position
or results.

Risks relating to Group business sectors

Changes in economic conditions

Impact of the aviation cycle

Uncertainty regarding returns on investments
Changes in military orders

Competition

Program delays and development

Political uncertainties

Aircraft accidents

Defective products (excluding aviation)

Technological risks

Partnership and supplier risks

Commodity risks

Acquisition and restructuring risks

Human resources risks

Market and derivative risks

Legal risks

Environmental risks

Data confidentiality risks

GENERAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY

Safran adopts a “Comprehensive Risk Management” approach which has
been validated by the Group Risk Committee composed of the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer and the three Deputy Chief Executive Officers.
Its duties include:

approving the risk management policy;

validating the Group risk map and the corresponding control measures;
ensuring that the risk management process functions correctly;
ensuring that employees are sufficiently risk-aware;

ensuring that the crisis management procedure functions effectively;

validating the cross-functional action plans drawn up by the Risk
Department.

INSURANCE

The key accident risks are covered by worldwide multi-risk policies spanning
several years, negotiated with leading insurance companies.

Local insurance programs are subscribed across the globe either to cover
specific risks or in response to local insurance regulations.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN

1

NI


--- Page 2 ---

RISK FACTORS
/ IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS /

IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS

The following section presents the major risks identified as of the
date the Registration Document was filed.

Other risks not yet identified, or not currently considered material
for the Group, could have a negative impact on Safran's activities,
financial position or results.

4.1.1 RISKS RELATING TO GROUP BUSINESS SECTORS

The risks relating to Group business sectors arise from a series of
complex, interdependent factors which could impact Group results
in the medium term.

CHANGES IN ECONOMIC CONDITIONS

The macroeconomic and aeronautical program assumptions
determined by the Group take into consideration the economic
conditions observed as of the date of the Registration Document
and are taken into account when preparing the budget and the
medium-term business development plan.

The scenarios built on these assumptions are derived from
action plans supervised by Executive Management, functional
departments and the Group Risk Committee.

A difficult economic climate would have a negative impact on the
level of Group business. Changes in global economic performance
have a direct impact on passenger demand for air transport,
which in turn determines market demand for commercial aircraft
intended for passenger transport. Manufacturers may adjust their
output rates in line with changes in demand for aircraft by airline
companies, which would have a direct impact on the OEM business.
of aircraft equipment and engine suppliers such as Safran. The
decrease in air traffic as a result of the decline in the economic
environment could also impact the volume of Group services,
including maintenance and repair activities and spare part sales.

Should the economic climate deteriorate, the assumptions and
action plans would be adjusted accordingly in line with a defined
process. In order to deal with this risk, specific steering committees
have been set up covering customers, suppliers and the market.
They meet regularly and constantly reassess the action plans in
light of the prevailing economic climate.

IMPACT OF THE AVIATION CYCLE

Aircraft orders tend to be cyclical in nature and linked to passenger
traffic, which is itself affected by changes in the economic climate,
as well as the rate of ageing and renewal of aircraft fleets and the
investment decisions and financial capacity of airline companies.
Safran believes that these cycles could impact business levels and
therefore its future revenue and results.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Exceptional events such as terrorism, pandemics, aviation disasters
and adverse weather conditions could cause a sharp temporary
drop in air traffic and hence impact the civil aircraft engine and
equipment market.

In 2012, over 60% of adjusted consolidated revenue was generated
by civil aviation activities. Safran has a large fleet of engines in
service, including more than 24,000 CFM56 engines which have
equipped most of the single-aisle aircraft with over 100 seats
delivered to airline companies for more than 30 years. The increase
in the age of the fleet enables the Group to generate service revenue
amounting to 40.6% of Aerospace revenue.

The Safran+ plan and Group strategy (see sections 1.10 and 1.2,
respectively) are used to diversify the portfolio of businesses with
a view to limiting the impacts of risks related to the aviation cycle.

UNCERTAINTY REGARDING RETURNS
ON INVESTMENTS

Safran's Aerospace businesses require considerable investment, in
particular in research and development and contributions to aircraft
manufacturers' costs. These investments only produce returns in
the long term. The market and profitability assumptions determined
by the Group may not prove accurate, and the products for which
the investments are made may not enjoy sufficient commercial
success to ensure a return on the initial investment. Capitalized R&D
assets (excluding goodwill and programs) recognized in the balance
sheet at December 31, 2012 total approximately €1.6 billion after
amortization.

Investment decisions are coordinated at Group level, based on
clear guidelines and numerous evaluation criteria. The Safran
Innovation Department (see section 1.5) oversees the phase
between technological demonstrations and marketing. The Group
also leverages the scientific and technical expertise provided
by its partners (see section 1.5.2) and enters into partnership
arrangements to develop certain programs (see section 1.3.1). All
of these actions help to mitigate the risks related to the Group's
investments.


--- Page 3 ---

CHANGES IN MILITARY ORDERS

RISK FACTORS
/ IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS /

PROGRAM DELAYS AND DEVELOPMENT

Government spending, especially on defence budgets, is
determined according to the geopolitical environment and
budgetary constraints. An adverse change in economic and political
conditions could result in a change in priorities for government
spending.

Military spending cuts and/or delays in certain programs could
impact Safran's business.

In 2012, approximately 20% of adjusted consolidated revenue was
derived from military activities, of which more than 50% is exported.

The diversity of Safran's customer base in the Defence business
both in France and in emerging countries helps contain this risk.

COMPETITION

Safran faces intense competition in all markets where it operates,
both from international players and specialized competitors in
certain markets. This competitive pressure could impact the
Group's positions in its business sectors. To manage this risk,
Safran seeks to maintain and sharpen its technological edge at all
times, thanks to sustained R&D spending with a particular focus
on markets where the product development cycle is unusually long.

The Group continues to deploy its strategy (see section 1.2) witha
view to diversifying the portfolio of businesses and R&D investments
(see section 1.5) as well as developing partnership arrangements.
for certain programs (see section 1.3.1).

In December 2009, Safran became a partner of COMAC
(Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China) for its C919 aircraft and
particularly for the LEAP-1C engine and related nacelle. COMAC
expects the C919 to be brought into service in 2016.

On December 1, 2010, Airbus selected the new-generation CFM
engine, the LEAP-1A, as a new option for the A320neo. This
partnership should begin production in 2016.

In June 2011, a memorandum of understanding was signed with
Honeywell to create a joint venture delivering an innovative new
electric green taxiing system for aircraft. The aim is to fit both
in-service and new aircraft with this system as from 2016.

In August 2011, Boeing chose the LEAP-1B as the sole engine
for its new 737 MAX aircraft and this partnership should begin
production in 2017.

In October 2012, Safran announced that it had entered into a
definitive agreement with Goodrich Corporation, a subsidiary
of United Technologies, to acquire Goodrich's electrical power
systems activities (Goodrich Electric Power Systems — GEPS), a
leading supplier of on-board aerospace electric power systems.

Aircraft manufacturers may encounter difficulties in meeting their
program schedules. Delays in production schedules for new aircraft
may lead to the postponement of Safran equipment deliveries and
impact the Group's Aerospace revenue. In certain cases, this may
cause Safran to incur penalties, notably where the Group accepts
responsibility for the delays. Delays can also distort cash collection
forecasts, therefore impacting cash flows and even profitability at
Group level. In this event, the Group writes down the value of the
assets corresponding to the delayed programs. Safran supplies
Airbus with equipment for the A350, A380 and A4O0M aircraft, and
it supplies Boeing with equipment for the B787.

Safran continued to deploy the PROMPT program (see section 1.9)
designed to provide project teams with a framework as well as
methods and applications for enhancing program management
processes. PROMPT is based on five “golden rules”: keeping the
Program Management Plan (PMP) up to date, meeting expectations
(of all stakeholders), planning and meeting technical objectives,
steering performance and managing risks.

POLITICAL UNCERTAINTIES

Certain aerospace, defence and security contracts are closed to
foreign competition or are awarded based on national security and
independence considerations. These may limit access to certain
markets. If these restrictions continue to prevail in the future, Safran
may not be able to penetrate some of these markets, which would
reduce the Group's revenue and profit growth potential.

The development of Safran's activities and sites worldwide
sometimes exposes the Group to political risks specific to certain
countries. These may impact its activities and results.

AIRCRAFT ACCIDENTS

Safran products are integrated in high-tech equipment with a
high unit price, especially civil and military aircraft, satellites and
helicopters. Safran may be held liable for the loss or accident of an
aircraft, the death of passengers, or the loss of operating capability
by an airline or helicopter operator.

In order to limit the impact of such risks, Safran focuses on factoring
quality into all of its processes (see section 1.9) and on developing
best project management practices. The Group has also taken
out insurance policies to provide an appropriate level of cover (see
section 4.3).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 4 ---

RISK FACTORS
/ IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS /

DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS
(EXCLUDING AVIATION)

The Group applies stringent quality and safety standards in the
design and manufacture of its products and services. Nonetheless,
certain products may not meet the expected level of performance
or may prove defective.

4.1.2 TECHNOLOGICAL RISKS

This could generate additional costs (product recalls, upgrade
campaigns or retrofits) resulting in lost revenue for Safran, or could
adversely affect its commercial position.

In order to limit the impact of this risk, Safran has deployed a range
of quality-centric initiatives (see section 1.9).

Aerospace, defence and security markets typically undergo far-
reaching technological changes. Safran designs, develops and
manufactures products and services renowned for their innovative
and technological superiority. The Group is exposed to the risk
of competitors developing products that offer a better technical
performance, are more competitive or are marketed earlier than
those developed by the Group. This could affect Safran's activities
or financial position.

The actions taken by the Group to limit the impact of this risk are
outlined in section 1.5, “Research and development”. The Group
also leverages the scientific and technical expertise provided by its
partners (see section 1.5.2).

4.1.3 PARTNERSHIP AND SUPPLIER RISKS

Generally speaking, Safran works in cooperation with partners and
suppliers in the majority of its businesses. Events likely to affect
these partnerships could have an impact on Safran's business
activities.

Supplier difficulties or defaults prompted by the global economic
crisis could impact the worldwide supply chain, resulting in
additional costs or production delays that would affect the Safran
Group.

In order to contain such risks, Safran has designed a purchasing
strategy (see section 1.8) and pooling facility in a common
services center responsible for all purchasing processes (excluding
production) in line with the Group's objectives of excellence,
competitiveness and sustainable development.

Production will have to increase over the next few years based on
the structure of the current backlog and Safran's ability to ramp
up its future production will depend on both internal and external
factors. Problems related to any one of these factors could trigger
production delays or cost overruns for a given program.

4.1.4 COMMODITY RISKS

A substantial proportion of Safran's revenue - particularly in the
aviation sector - depends on certain key products developed and
produced in cooperation with General Electric. Safran estimates
that these programs (CFM and high thrust engines) account for
between 25% and 30% of its consolidated revenue.

In July 2008, GE and Safran signed an agreement to extend their
civil aerospace propulsion partnership until 2040. They also entered
into an agreement for the development, production and support of
engine nacelles for future short- and medium-haul aircraft.

Safran is also involved in a number of partnerships (Powerjet,
50/50 owned by Snecma and NPO Saturn [Russia]; Turbomeca
and Rolls-Royce [UK], AVIC [China] and Honeywell [US)). If these
programs were suspended or if Safran's partners ceased to
fulfill their role in the development or marketing of the products
in question, the Group's Aerospace business revenue could be
affected.

The Group's other partnerships have no material impact.

The Group is exposed to commodity risks, notably in respect of
titanium, nickel alloys, composite fibers, ammonium perchlorate
and oil. The Group manages commodity risks by negotiating
medium-term procurement contracts with suppliers, building up its
inventories or hedging exposure to changes in the price of certain
listed commodities.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Hedges contracted by the Group are analyzed in section 4.1.7,
“Commodity risk management”.


--- Page 5 ---

RISK FACTORS
/ IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS /

4.1.5 ACQUISITION AND RESTRUCTURING RISKS

As part of its growth strategy, Safran may acquire, merge and/
or set up companies. Although a stringent procedure exists for
monitoring such transactions, they may have a negative impact
on the Group's business, expected results or its image, should
Safran fail to consolidate the operations and employees of the
acquired entities, unlock the expected synergies and cost savings,

4.1.6 HUMAN RESOURCES RISKS

or maintain good commercial or labor relations within the acquired
entities following changes in management or control.

The Morpho risk map is currently being reviewed following the
acquisition of Morpho Trust in light of the specific regulatory
constraints applicable to this entity.

The Group's different activities harness a wide range of employee
expertise and skills across many different sectors. The Group may
experience difficulties in finding the appropriate skills at the right
time and in the right place that it needs to deploy its strategy and
carry out its new programs effectively. In order to limit this risk, it
continually strives to acquire, hold onto, redeploy and renew the
skills that it will need in the future. Safran has developed partnerships.

with top business and engineering schools and scientific universities
to recruit employees for its core businesses and it has also worked
on promoting the Safran employer brand. In addition, professional
and geographical mobility programs, systems that detect high
potential employees, training, monitoring and career development
are all used to boost the Group's attractiveness as an employer.
The Group's human resources policy is outlined in section 5.3.3.

4.1.7, MARKET AND DERIVATIVE RISKS

The main risks arising on the Group's financial instruments are
foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, listed commodity price risk,
equity risk, counterparty risk and liquidity risk.

FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK
MANAGEMENT

Most Aerospace Propulsion and Aircraft Equipment revenue is
denominated in US dollars, which is practically the sole currency
used in the civil aviation industry. The net excess of revenues over
operating expenses for these activities totaled USD 5 billion for
2012 (USD 4.28 billion in 2011).

To protect its earnings, the Group implements a hedging policy
(see below) with the aim of reducing uncertainty factors affecting
profitability and allowing it to adapt its cost structure to an
unfavorable monetary environment.

Dollar-denominated assets and liabilities exposed to fluctuations
in the EUR/USD exchange rate are disclosed in section 3.1 of this
Registration Document (Note 27, “Management of market risks
and derivatives”).

HEDGING POLICY

Two basic principles underscore the foreign currency risk

management policy defined by Safran for most of its subsidiaries:

. to protect the Group’s economic performance from random
fluctuations in the US dollar;

. to optimize the quality of hedging whenever possible, without
jeopardizing the Group's economic performance.

Protecting economic performance means setting a minimum USD
exchange rate parity over an applicable term. Minimum parity
corresponds to a USD exchange rate that allows Safran to meet
its operating profit targets. Hedging arrangements have been made
accordingly, over a four-year timeframe.

HEDGING MANAGEMENT

The hedging policy is based on managing the financial instrument
portfolio so that the exchange rate parity does not fall below a
pre-defined minimum threshold.

In building up its hedging portfolio, the Group primarily uses forward
sales, accumulators and options.

Optimization measures are also used with a view to improving the
minimum exchange rate parity and seek to protect the Group's
economic performance at all times. They are based on products
that allow the Group to take advantage of any improvement in the
underlying exchange rate parities, without calling into question the
original minimum threshold.

This strategy chiefly involves the use of forward purchases,
accumulators and sales of options.

HEDGING PORTFOLIO

The Group’s hedging strategy is described in section 3.1
(Note 27, “Management of market risks and financial derivatives").
The Group has hedged its entire USD exposure for 2013 and 2014
at 1.29 and 1.28, respectively, and has also launched portfolio
optimization measures for these years designed to improve the
minimum exchange rate parity.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 6 ---

RISK FACTORS
/ IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS /

The Group has continued its progressive hedging strategy for its
2015 exposure. At February 20, 2013, on top of an existing portfolio
of USD 3.3 billion in forward hedges at an average rate of 1.26, the
Group has set up USD 1.3 billion in accumulators for 2015, enabling
it to supplement its day-to-day hedging operations at an average
rate of 1.23, provided that the EUR/USD exchange rate remains
below 1.42 in 2013. If the EUR/USD exchange rate were to climb
above 1.42, the positions contracted at 1.23 would be maintained,
but the accumulators would stop working until the spot exchange
rate fell back below this threshold. Conversely, if the spot exchange
rate were to fall below 1.23 (accumulator rate), the Group would
not benefit from the improvement in the exchange rate and would
be obliged to sell the USD at 1.23 (only for these products and only
for the remaining hedging balance/term).

Based on the performance of these products, and given that the
level at which accumulators are no longer effective is set at 1.42,
the Group aims to achieve a hedged rate of 1.26 in 2015.

In mid-2012, the Group began hedging its projected 2016 exposure.
On top of an existing portfolio of USD 1.0 billion in forward hedges
at an average rate of 1.33, the Group set up USD 1.7 billion in
accumulators for 2016, enabling it to supplement its day-to-day
hedging operations at an average rate of 1.20, provided that the
EUR/USD exchange rate parity remains below 1.38 in 2013 and for
apart of 2014. If the EUR/USD exchange rate were to climb above
1.38, the positions contracted at 1.20 would be maintained, but
the accumulators would stop working until the spot exchange rate
fell back below this threshold. Conversely, if the spot exchange rate
were to fall below 1.20 (accumulator rate), the Group would not
benefit from the improvement in the exchange rate and would be
obliged to sell the USD at 1.20 (for these products only).

Adjusted data

Based on the performance of these products, the Group aims
to achieve a hedged rate of 1.26 in 2016 on total exposure of
USD 2.7 billion.

For the record, the estimated annual exposure of approximately
USD 5.2 billion depends on budgeted sales figures, and is regularly
reviewed for each year covered by the foreign currency risk
management policy.

A one-cent change in the EUR/USD exchange rate parity on the
hedged rate has an impact of €30 million on adjusted profit from
operations.

The following tables present the sensitivity of the main income
statement aggregates to a 5% increase or decrease in the
EUR/USD exchange rate (average and closing exchange rates).
The first table shows adjusted data, the second consolidated data.
The sensitivity analysis takes account of:

. the translation effect, i.e., the impact of changes in the
EUR/USD exchange rate on the translation into euros of the
results of entities whose functional currency is the US dollar;

. the transaction effect, i.e., the impact of changes in the
EUR/USD exchange rate on USD transactions conducted
by entities whose functional currency is the euro, and on the
value of the EUR/USD hedging portfolio.

The sensitivity of equity to a 5% increase or decrease in the
EUR/USD closing exchange rate affecting the net investment
hedge of some of its US entities is presented in section 3.1 of this
Registration Document (Note 27, “Management of market risks
and derivatives").

2011 2012

(in € millions)

EUR/USD exchange rate change assumptions -5% +5% -5% +5%
Average exchange rate 1.39 1.29
Average exchange rate used for sensitivity analysis 1.32 1.46 1.22 1.35
Closing rate 1.29 1.32

Closing exchange rate used for sensitivity analysis 1.23 1.35 1.25 1.39
Revenue 218 (197) 281 (254)
Profit (loss) from operations 6 (6) an] (10)
Financial income (loss) 6 (6) 17 (15)
Profit (loss) before tax 12 (11) 28 (25)
Non-adjusted consolidated data | am |
(in € millions) 2011 2012
EUR/USD exchange rate change assumptions -5% +5% -5% +5%
Average exchange rate 1.39 1.29
Average exchange rate used for sensitivity analysis 1.32 1.46 1.22 1.35
Closing rate 1.29 1.32

Closing exchange rate used for sensitivity analysis 1.23 1.35 1.25 1.39
Revenue 386 (349) 480 (434)
Profit (loss) from operations 172 (155) 207 (187)
Financial income (loss) (1,038) 801 (814) 643
Profit (loss) before tax (866) 645 (608) 456

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 7 ---

INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT

RISK FACTORS
/ IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS /

MANAGEMENT OF COMMODITY RISK

The Group's exposure to fluctuations in interest rates covers two
types of risk:

. price risk in respect of fixed-rate financial assets and liabilities;
interest rate fluctuations impact the market value of these
assets and liabilities;

. cash flow risk in respect of floating-rate financial assets and
liabilities; interest rate fluctuations have a direct impact on the
Group's profit or loss.

Within the framework of its interest rate risk management policy, the
Group arbitrates between these two types of risks using financial
instruments specific to fixed-income markets (interest rate swaps.
and options, etc.).

EURO INTEREST RATE RISK

The interest rate payable on the €750 million bond issue, which had
been converted to a floating rate using floating-rate borrower/fixed-
rate lender swaps, was converted back to a fixed rate in 2011. As
aresult, besides the floating-rate borrower/fixed-rate lender swaps.
for €750 million with a residual maturity of one to three years, the
Group also held fixed-rate borrower/floating-rate lender swaps for
‘the same maturity and amount. Interest rate swaps with a residual
maturity of less than one year expired in 2012. The notional amount
of each leg of the swaps was €250 million.

In 2012, a fixed-rate borrower/floating-rate lender interest rate swap
maturing in December 2016 was taken out for €75 million, with the
aim of fixing as of January 1, 2013 the interest rate on a portion of
the financing for the employee savings plan.

Exposure to euro interest rate risk is presented in section 3.1 of
this Registration Document (Note 27, “Management of market risks
and derivatives”).

USD INTEREST RATE RISK

The interest rate on the Group’s February 9, 2012 issue of
USD 1.2 billion in senior unsecured notes on the US private
placement market has also been partially converted to a floating
rate. At December 31, 2012, floating-rate borrower/fixed-rate lender
USD swaps were set up on the 10-year and 12-year tranches, for
USD 540 million and USD 505 million, respectively. The 7-year
tranche for USD 155 million has been maintained at a fixed rate.

These swaps are eligible for fair value hedge accounting.

Exposure to USD interest rate risk is presented in section 3.1 of
this Registration Document (Note 27, “Management of market risks
and derivatives”).

SENSITIVITY

A 1% rise in interest rates would decrease the cost of debt by
€1 million (versus a neutral impact in 2011).

Since 2009, the Group's policy has been to hedge its exposure to
fluctuations in the price of certain listed commodities (nickel and
platinum). Oil was included in the Group's commodity hedging
policy in 2012. The policy seeks to protect the Group's economic
performance from commodity price volatility.

Commodity hedges aiming to reduce uncertainty factors have been
contracted for a term of five to six years. To hedge commodity
prices, the Group uses forward purchases of commodities on the
London Metal Exchange (LME).

These forward purchases are then used to hedge highly probable
flows arising in Group companies and resulting from purchases of
semi-finished parts with a major commodity component. These
cash flows are determined based on the backlog and budget
forecasts.

Commodity hedges, together with the fair value of the related
hedging instruments, are disclosed in section 3.1 of this Registration
Document (Note 27, “Management of market risks and derivatives”).

EQUITY RISK MANAGEMENT

Safran is exposed to fluctuations in the stock market price of
Embraer and Myriad shares, which are the only listed securities
classified as available-for-sale financial assets that it holds.

A 5% decrease in the price of these shares would have a net
negative impact of €3 million on equity at end-2012 (€3 million at
end-2011).

COUNTERPARTY RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group is exposed to counterparty risk on the following:

° short-term investments;

° derivatives;

° trade receivables;

. financial guarantees granted to customers.

Financial investments are diversified and consist of blue-chip
securities that are traded with top-tier banks.

The sole purpose of the Group's derivative transactions is to
reduce the overall exposure to foreign currency, interest rate and
commodity risks resulting from its ordinary business activities.
Transactions are either carried out on organized markets or over-
the-counter with investment-grade counterparties.

Counterparty risk related to trade receivables is limited due to
the large number of customers in the portfolio and their wide
geographic spread.

The maturity schedule for trade and other receivables is set out in
section 3.1 (Note 16, “Trade and other receivables”).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 8 ---

RISK FACTORS
/ IDENTIFIED RISK FACTORS /

LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT

Treasury management is centralized within the Group. Where
permitted by local legislation, all surplus cash is invested with, and
financing requirements of subsidiaries met by, the parent company
on an arm's length basis. The central cash team manages the
Group's current and forecast financing requirements, and ensures
it has the ability to meet its financial commitments while maintaining
a level of available cash funds and confirmed credit facilities
commensurate with its scale and debt repayment profile.

Surplus cash is managed with two principles in mind:
. safeguarding the amounts invested at all times;

. optimizing investment yields whenever possible, without
jeopardizing the safety of the investments themselves.

Since some of the Group's liquidity lines have not been drawn,
Safran is relatively insensitive to liquidity risk.

A number of financial covenants apply to the EIB borrowings set
up in 2003, 2005 and 2010.

The following two ratios apply:
. net debt/EBITDA <2.5;
. net debt/total equity <1.

4.1.8 LEGAL RISKS

Undrawn confirmed liquidity facilities at December 31, 2012
totaled €2,550 million and comprised two syndicated credit lines
for €1,600 million and €950 million, maturing in December 2015
and October 2016, respectively. These two facilities are subject to
a financial ratio (net debt/EBITDA of less than 2.5).

This covenant also applies to the senior unsecured notes issued
on the US private placement market.

The terms “net debt”, “EBITDA” and “total equity” used in
connection with EIB borrowings, the US private placement and
syndicated credit lines are defined as follows:

. net debt: borrowings (excluding borrowings subject to
specific conditions) less marketable securities and cash and
cash equivalents;

. EBITDA: the sum of profit (loss) from operations and the
net charge to depreciation, amortization and provisions for
impairment of assets (calculated based on adjusted data);

. total equity: equity attributable to owners of the parent and
minority interests.

In the same way as other industrial groups, Safran is exposed to
technical and commercial risks as a result of its activities. From
a legal standpoint, Safran is particularly exposed to the risk of
non-compliance with commercial regulations and anti-trust law.
To address such ethical risks, Safran has deployed an action plan
entitled “Sustaining a culture of integrity” outlined in section 5.2 and
focusing in particular on containing the impact of non-compliance
risks.

4.1.9 ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

Aside from the main risks identified in this respect and disclosed in
section 3.1 of this Registration Document in Note 30 (“Off-balance
sheet commitments”) and in Note 31 (“Disputes and litigation"),
based on an analysis of the legal risks to which the Group is
exposed, no other probable or material risks were identified.

All industrial activities generate risks, particularly Health, Safety and
Environment (HSE) risks. Safran's HSE policy is implemented within
the framework of an improvement drive which aims to bolster its
strategy of anticipating and preventing potential risks in all of its
activities.

Chapter 5 on Corporate Responsibility presents a range of HSE
programs and initiatives and analyses performed by the Group have
not identified any uncontrolled risks.

4.1.10 DATA CONFIDENTIALITY RISKS

Safran's Defence business as well as its advanced innovation and
product technology expose it to the risk of breaches of security
in relation to its premises or IT systems (illegal attempts to gain
access to confidential information, threats to the physical security
of installations, etc.).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

In order to limit the impact of this risk, the Group has highlighted
the assets most at risk and deployed a policy to protect its sites
and information systems (compliant with national regulations and
subject to audits and inspections by regulators). Group safety
officers also organize awareness-raising initiatives for employees.


--- Page 9 ---

RISK FACTORS
/ GENERAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY /

GENERAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY

The Group adopts a “Comprehensive Risk Management” approach which has been validated by the Group Risk Committee.

4.2.1_ GROUP RISK COMMITTEE

The Group Risk Committee is made up of the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer and the three Deputy Chief Executive Officers, and
headed up by the Group Risk Management and Insurance Director.

Its duties include:
. approving the risk management policy;

. validating the Group risk map and the corresponding control
measures;

. ensuring that the risk management process functions
correctly;

. ensuring that employees are sufficiently risk-aware;

. ensuring that the crisis management procedure functions
effectively;

. validating the cross-functional action plans drawn up by the
Risk Department.

The Risk Committee met twice in 2012.

4.2.2 RISK AND INSURANCE DEPARTMENT

The Group Risk and Insurance Department reports to the Deputy
Chief Executive Officer, Finance. This department is responsible
for implementing the Group's risk management policy. Its duties
include:

1) MAPPING GROUP RISKS

The Risk and Insurance Department summarizes risk appraisal
results at Group level and presents a risk map to the Group Risk
Committee for validation. Each risk is assessed in terms of its direct
and indirect impact over the selected timeframe, assuming a worst-
case scenario. Determining the degree of control is also essential
in characterizing risk.

The Risk and Insurance Department ensures that action plans
are put in place to improve risk management and recommends
a compromise between the risk exposure retained by the Group
and the exposure transferred to the insurance and/or reinsurance
markets as appropriate.

2) ROLLING OUT THE RISK
MANAGEMENT POLICY

In order to achieve optimal risk coverage, the risk management
policy is based on:

FIRST-TIER ENTITIES

Each first-tier entity appoints a Risk Manager, who prepares a risk
map for his/her entity that is subsequently reviewed during the entity
Risk Committee meetings. In all instances, risk management draws
onacommon methodology using risk analysis as the starting point.
Arrisk owner is assigned for each risk identified and is responsible
for drafting an action plan and ensuring its implementation. The
objective is to provide continuous risk oversight to ensure optimal
treatment.

Each quarter, the Risk Manager of each first-tier entity submits a
series of indicators to the Risk Department (major risk map and the
corresponding degree of control, maturity of the risk management
process). Once a year, the Risk Manager also draws up a report
on the organization of the risk management process in the entity
concerned. The Risk Department also meets with the Risk Manager
of each first-tier entity in order to assess the maturity of risk
management in that entity.

The Risk and Insurance Department requires first-tier entities to roll
out risk management processes in newly-acquired entities and to
organize Risk Committee meetings at least twice a year.

The Group Risk Management and Insurance Director regularly
attends these committee meetings.

The Risk and Insurance Department coordinates the Risk Manager
network. Regular meetings are held to share best practices and
identify nascent risks. Task forces are set up on the basis of
priorities approved annually by the Group Risk Committee.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 10 ---

RISK FACTORS
/ GENERAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY /

FUNCTIONAL DEPARTMENTS AND PROCESSES

The Risk Department prepares a mapping of major risks by Group
functional and central department based on interviews. These maps
are then approved by functional departments. For each identified
risk, a risk owner is appointed and is responsible for drawing up
an action plan. These action plans are presented to the Group
Risk Committee.

Risk management is also supported by the Internal Audit and
Control Departments (see section 6.5.5).

3) DEVELOPING RISK MANAGEMENT
GUIDANCE, ANALYZING AND
RECOMMENDING IMPROVEMENTS TO
THE RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

The Risk and Insurance Department develops methodological
techniques and processes to ensure consistent handling of risks
between companies, assists with their use and encourages the
sharing of best practices. The Group has a risk manual organized
by process, level of impact, frequency, probability and control.
Detailed guidance is also prepared for the analysis of certain risks.

4) PROMOTING RISK AWARENESS AND
A STRONG RISK CULTURE ACROSS
THE GROUP

A “Risks and management” training course, launched in 2007
and organized jointly by the Risk Department and Group Risk
Managers in liaison with Safran Corporate University, has promoted
risk awareness among almost 880 managers within the Group,
including 170 in 2012.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

5) IMPLEMENTING THE CRISIS
PREVENTION AND MANAGEMENT
SYSTEM

This system is based on the implementation of coordinated
procedures for managing warnings and crises, at the level of the
Group, companies or individual sites.

6) IMPLEMENTING THE PREVENTIVE
SAFRAN’S DOCUMENTS INTEGRITY
PROGRAM (PSIP)

The aim of this program is to help manage documentation and legal
liability risks resulting from the Group's products and/or services.
The program is also designed to protect employees from the
consequences of an accident due partly or wholly to the Group's
products and/or services.

Over 2,000 employees received PSIP-related training in 2012.

7) TAKING OUT INSURANCE COVERAGE

The Risk and Insurance Department identifies the accident risks to
which Group entities are exposed and, after careful consideration,
takes out the necessary insurance coverage using either insurers
in the market or a Group self-insurance arrangement.

It coordinates all Group insurance-related matters for damage
caused either to or by the Group, with the exception of personal
insurance and loan insurance.


--- Page 11 ---

INSURANCE

The key accident risks are covered by worldwide multi-risk

policies spanning several years, negotiated with leading insurance
companies.

. A “comprehensive industrial risks'' policy covering all Group
entities for damage to industrial installations (buildings,
machines, inventories, etc.). The maximum payout under
the policy is €300 million, or up to €800 million for certain
individual sites, excluding market-imposed sub-limits for
certain risks such as flooding, earthquakes and natural
catastrophes. It includes business interruption insurance.

. "Product third-party liability* policies covering the financial
consequences of product failure in the event of an accident
following delivery to a third party:

- Aviation products.

The policies provide coverage totaling USD 2 billion per
annum that can be used during the year for aviation
products. Coverage for helicopter products is capped
at USD 1 billion, while coverage for terrorism totals
USD 1 billion.

RISK FACTORS
/ INSURANCE /

- "Land" products (excluding aviation businesses)

The policies provide coverage of €235 million per annum
that can be used during the year.

Total premiums paid by the Group under all policies in 2012
represented 0.15% of adjusted consolidated revenue for that year.

Soreval, a captive reinsurance company based in Luxembourg,
participates in the risk coverage scheme.

Local insurance programs are subscribed across the globe either
to cover specific risks or in response to local insurance regulations.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 12 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY

5.1

5.2

5.3

5.4

5.5

5.6

5.7

5.8

SAFRAN’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
POLICY

5.1.1 Strategic CSR focuses
5.1.2 CSR governance

PERPETUATING THE INTEGRITY CULTURE
5.2.1. Commitments: ethical guidelines and Group values
5.2.2 Zero tolerance of corruption

5.2.3 Complying with export laws

DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL

5.3.1 Presentation of strategic focuses
5.3.2 Headcount

5.3.3 HR policies

5.3.4 Compensation and benefits
5.3.5 Employee policy

5.3.6 Diversity and equal opportunities

AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND
ENVIRONMENT

5.4.1 tonne Health and Safety and Environmental policy

5.4.2 Occupational health and safety
5.4.3 Environment
5.4.4. Conclusions

INVOLVING OUR SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS

5.5.1 Socially responsible purchasing
5.5.2 Sub-contracting

INVESTING IN CORPORATE SPONSORSHIP
5.6.1 Safran Corporate Foundation for Integration
5.6.2 Safran Corporate Foundation for Music

5.6.3 Solidarity sponsorship

CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY AND STATUTORY
AUDITORS’ REPORT

5.7.1 Methodology note on Labor and Health, Safety and
Environmental (HSE) reporting

5.7.2 Independent verifiers’ attestation and assurance report
on social, environmental and societal information

SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY
AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS
5.8.1 Summary of labor indicators

5.8.2 Summary of Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE)
indicators

186
86
87

187
87
89
91

192
92
94
96
98
99
200

202

205
206
0)

is) is)
NNN BW NNN

1
1
2
2
2
3
3



--- Page 13 ---

IN BRIEF

62,558

employees worldwide
at December 31, 2012

7,596

new hires worldwide
in 2012

te)
30%
lower frequency rate of
occupational accidents

resulting in lost worktime
in 2012 compared to 2011

20%

fewer occupational
accidents in 2012
compared to 2011

More than
3,000

employees trained in
corruption prevention
since 2010

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Safran’s social responsibility policy features six strategic focuses based on

the main guidelines of the ISO 26000 standard:

. developing innovative products and processes with a lower
environmental impact;

. always aiming for excellence in safety and the protection of individuals
and property;

. developing human potential;

. involving our suppliers and partners;

. perpetuating the Group's integrity culture;

. guaranteeing better relations with stakeholders.

The CSR policy is overseen by the Deputy Chief Executive Officer,

Corporate Office, Dominique-Jean Chertier, and implemented by an internal

representative

This representative coordinates and implements CSR policy at Group level,
working with an internal steering committee which is currently being formed.

ETHICAL AND SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT

Safran has a set of values and ethical standards that are espoused by
all of its employees. It is corporate policy to ensure that all activities are
carried out in accordance with the highest standards of honesty, integrity
and professionalism. These values and ethics enable the Group to remain
worthy of the trust placed in it by its customers, employees, shareholders,
suppliers and all of its partners.

SAFRAN’S HUMAN RESOURCES POLICY

The Group's human resources (HR) policy focuses on four strategic areas:

. grooming the best talent to serve innovation,

. promoting social responsibility;

° driving international expansion;

. taking a proactive approach to the Group's transformation

HEALTH - SAFETY - ENVIRONMENT (HSE)

Safran ambitiously aims for excellence in the field of occupational health
and safety and the environment, as well as for its products and services.
This reflects the Group's own values and is consistent with its sustainable
development commitments.

CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY AND
STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT

Safran has elected to have a selection of its labor, environmental and
social indicators reviewed by the Statutory Auditors, Ernst & Young Audit
and Mazars, in accordance with the CSR reporting requirements set out
in article 225 of the Grenelle 2 Act and its implementing legislation. The
Statutory Auditors obtained reasonable assurance for eight of the social
indicators (identified by the symbol M1 in this section) and limited assurance
for a selection of eight HSE indicators and eight social indicators, as well
as reviewing ten themes.

The nature and scope of the work of the Statutory Auditors, and their
conclusions, are presented in the Statutory Auditors’ report in section 5.7.2.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN

1

8

5


--- Page 14 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ SAFRAN’S CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY POLICY /

SAFRAN’S CORPORATE SOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY POLICY

Operating in the aerospace, defence and security industries and
boasting strong innovative capacities, Safran prepares for the future
by developing increasingly efficient products. As such, the Group
meets its customers’ economic requirements while addressing
labor, environmental and social issues.

Safran must also integrate sustainability into its strategy and
business operations to meet the expectations of its stakeholders:
employees, partners, customers, shareholders, suppliers and all
the communities affected by its business.

This corporate social responsibility policy is based on values and
ethical standards shared by all employees: civic responsibility,
people development and recognition, meeting commitments and
teamwork are core values in Safran's corporate culture.

Safran’s corporate responsibility shows in its commitments:

. rolling out the Group's far-reaching health, safety and
environmental policy designed to develop a culture of
anticipation and prevention in managing risks for all of its
stakeholders;

. developing Group businesses in full accordance with the
highest standards in business ethics;

. developing a strong HR policy focused on anticipating
needed expertise, preserving the health of employees and
fostering sound employer-employee relations;

. implementing ambitious projects that promote diversity:
Safran advocates integrating and maintaining employees with
disabilities in the workforce, capitalizes on the experience

5.1.1 STRATEGIC CSR FOCUSES

of seniors, champions social integration — especially of
young people from underprivileged neighborhoods — and
encourages equality between men and women;

. establishing a sponsorship policy through two foundations
and solidarity initiatives led with major partners.

Safran's Executive Management decided to lay down a formal CSR
strategy and governance system in 2012.

For the second consecutive year, the Group consolidated all labor,
environmental and social information into a single section. In so
doing, Safran aims to highlight the consistency of its initiatives and
incorporate social responsibility as a strategic factor in the Group's
future and growth.

This practice follows on from the proactive approach initiated by
the Group in 2011 and meets the requirements of article 225 of the
Grenelle 2 Act and its implementing legislation.

Most of the information set out below is consolidated to cover the
Group worldwide and analyzes the data from the consolidation
scope of subsidiaries that must comply with these legal and
regulatory requirements (Sagem, Snecma and Turbomeca) as well
as some other tier-one subsidiaries (Aircelle, Herakles, Hispano-
Suiza, Labinal, Messier-Bugatti-Dowty and Morpho). The summary
of data is presented in sections 5.8.1 and 5.8.2. However, for
greater reliability and due to some legislative requirements, some
human resources information is restricted to a smaller scope,
encompassing only France or Europe").

Safran’s social responsibility policy features several strategic focuses
based on the main guidelines of ISO 26000 and recognizes:

. opportunities inherent to Group strategy: economic
performance, innovation and internationalization;

. a number of existing measures and commitments;
. the needs and interests of Group stakeholders.

Based on these criteria, Safran defined the following six strategic
CSR focuses:

. developing innovative products and processes with a lower
environmental impact;

. always aiming for excellence in safety and the protection of
individuals and property;

. developing human potential;

. involving our suppliers and partners;

. perpetuating the Group's integrity culture;

. guaranteeing better relations with stakeholders.

Safran's corporate social responsibility policy applies Group-wide
and takes into account all of its stakeholders: business partners,
public partners, internal stakeholders, observers and civil society.

Transparency therefore takes on strategic importance in reporting
and dialogue with Group stakeholders.

(1) See the Methodology Note on the reporting of social and Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE) indicators in section 5.7.1.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 15 ---

5.1.2 CSR GOVERNANCE

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ PERPETUATING THE INTEGRITY CULTURE /

The CSR policy is overseen by the Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Office, Dominique-Jean Chertier, and implemented by an internal
representative. This representative coordinates and implements CSR policy at Group level, working with an internal steering committee.

PERPETUATING THE INTEGRITY CULTURE

5.2.1 COMMITMENTS: ETHICAL GUIDELINES AND GROUP VALUES

Safran has a set of values and ethical standards that are espoused
by all of its employees. It is corporate policy to ensure that all
activities are carried out in accordance with the highest standards
of honesty, integrity and professionalism. These values and ethics
enable the Group to remain worthy of the trust placed in it by
its customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and all of its
partners.

GROUP VALUES

Safran operates according to seven core values, which provide the
foundation of its identity and its image in the eyes of its stakeholders.

GROUP ETHICS

ETHICAL GUIDELINES

In 2005, Safran introduced Ethical Guidelines setting forth
the principles and standards common to the Group as a
whole, to be used as a basis for employee conduct under all
circumstances. The guidelines, which are summarized below,
are not intended to replace or revise the laws and regulations
in force, but to provide points of reference and guidance for
the conduct of professional activities.

Behaviour outside the Group

© Upholding the law

In all the countries in which the Group operates, its personnel
must uphold the law. Care should be taken, as it may be difficult
to understand the law in a legal and cultural environment that
is very different than that in which the employee has previously
worked. When there is a question or there is any doubt, the
employee should immediately consult with a superior or the
Legal Department.

Personnel working in a subsidiary jointly owned by a Group
company and a foreign company must uphold the law of the

These values, promoted at each Group site, are:

° focus on customers;

. meeting the commitments set out in the Ethical Guidelines;
° innovation;

* responsiveness;

° teamwork;

. people development and recognition;

. civic responsibility.

country in which the subsidiary is based, and the country or
countries in which it operates and where its shareholders are
based.

Integrity, honesty and transparency should guide each of the
Group's employees in their work. Employees are expected to
deal with customers, suppliers and other business partners
in the Group's interest and in compliance with laws and
regulations.

All personnel must take particular care to uphold laws on anti-
corruption, competition, export and re-export control, labor
and employment, safety, health and environmental protection.

§ Engaging in proper business practices
Zero tolerance of corruption

Safran, its companies and employees do not tolerate any form
of corrupt practices, be they active or passive, direct or indirect,
for the benefit of those in the public or private sector.

The Group's companies apply all international conventions on
combating corruption and the anti-corruption laws in force in
the countries where they do business.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 16 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ PERPETUATING THE INTEGRITY CULTURE /

The Group, its companies and its employees never use a
third party to perform any task that they are ethically or legally
forbidden to perform themselves. Engaging a third party for
the purpose of bribing a person or a legal entity violates anti-
corruption laws. Prior to entering any contractual relationship
with a business partner, the Group's companies must follow a
methodical and documented procedure.

Gifts and hospitality

Business courtesies, such as gifts and hospitality, given to
or received from customers, suppliers and other partners are
commonly used to build goodwill and acknowledge appreciation
in business relationships. However, these courtesies must
not exceed a nominal value and may not influence, or give
the appearance of influencing, any business decision. Good
judgment, discretion and prudence should always guide the
Group in these situations. Business courtesies are prohibited
by law under certain circumstances and in certain countries.
The Group's personnel must comply with the policies and laws
that apply in each country where Safran does business.

Complying with export laws

As a global company, Safran purchases goods and services
from a diverse group of suppliers. The Group also provides
goods and services to customers all over the world. It is
therefore critical that the Group strictly complies with all
applicable regulations that govern its export activities.

Before engaging in any export activity, Group employees
must verify the eligibility of both the delivery location and the
recipient. They must also obtain, when applicable, all required
licenses and permits, including government authorizations and
approvals for government-controlled products or technologies.
These authorizations can be obtained from the relevant
management in cooperation with Safran’s export control
organization.

Import activities are also subject to various laws and regulations,
and it is the responsibility of the Group's employees to comply
with all of the applicable standards. Any breach of these
regulations on imports and exports has serious consequences
for the Group. It is the Group’s responsibility to know and
comply with the laws and regulations that apply to its activities.

Competing fairly

As part of its commitment to fair competition, the Group must
strictly comply with applicable competition laws in the countries
where it does business. In general, these laws prohibit
agreements or practices likely to restrain or alter competition
or trade. Examples of prohibited agreements include: price
fixing, abusive behaviour, bid rigging, allocating markets,
territories or customers amongst competitors, or boycotting
or discriminating among certain customers or suppliers unless
legally justified.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

The exchange or disclosure of commercially sensitive
information relating to competitors, customers or suppliers
may also violate applicable laws.

§ Behaviour towards customers

Each employee must uphold the principles of fairness and
integrity in his or her dealings with customers.

The business of the Group, to a large extent, concerns air
transport safety; no compromise can be tolerated for any
reason; any situation that may seem questionable to an
employee must immediately be referred to a superior or the
Quality manager.

§ Relations with shareholders

The Group ensures that its shareholders receive, on a timely
basis, and in an effective manner, complete, relevant, accurate
and precise information that is consistent with previous
published information. It takes particular care to implement
international corporate governance standards and principles.

@ Relations with suppliers

The Group selects suppliers on the basis of objective criteria
and demands high performance from them, in order to ensure
that the Group's expectations and those of its customers are
fully met. Under no circumstances will the Group use suppliers
that make use of child or forced labor. In 2010, the Group
signed a charter governing relations between major contractors
and SMEs, drawn up on the initiative of the French Ministry of
Economic Affairs, Industry and Employment.

IE Integrity

Under no circumstances may employees damage the
reputation of the Group or compromise the integrity of its
assets or its information systems.

Paid work of any kind that employees may perform outside
the scope of their employment with the Group must not cause
conflicts of interest with their duties within the Group.

Similarly, considerable caution is required when purchasing
shares, directly or via an intermediary, in companies doing
business with the Group. Such restrictions do not apply to
listed companies, unless confidential information is used, which
may be construed as insider trading.

®@ Sustainable development

Today more than ever, protecting the environment is a critical
concern for all Group employees, starting with product design
and running through to the industrial process as a whole.


--- Page 17 ---

§ Political and religious activities
The Group does not finance any political parties and any
political activities must be carried out exclusively outside the
workplace and working hours.
Any religious practices in which employees may be involved
must be practiced exclusively outside the workplace and
working hours, except in the case of a legal obligation.

Behaviour inside the Group

1 Information control

Employees must ensure the protection of information acquired
in the course of or in connection with the performance of his or
her duties. Employees are to pay particular attention to respect
the internal rules of protection and applicable requirements
during both written and verbal communication.

™ Protecting the confidential nature of certain
information

In the course of their duties, all employees have access to
confidential information, which represents a key asset of
the Group. Confidential or classified information is sensitive
information which must not be disclosed or communicated
outside of the Group. Similarly, Group employees may have
information concerning the national security of the country in
which the Group company is located. Care must therefore
be taken to ensure that such information is protected from
third parties.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ PERPETUATING THE INTEGRITY CULTURE /

Any information that could influence the value of the Group’s
stock price must remain confidential, until it has been
communicated by the Group to the public. Any personal use
of such information would constitute insider trading and could
expose the employee to both civil and criminal liability.

@ Respect for other people

The safety and health of individuals are prime objectives for
the Group.

The Group is an equal opportunity employer. Recruitment and
promotion are based exclusively on professional qualities and
performance. The Group respects the dignity and private life
of each of its employees. Furthermore, one of the Group's key
values is to create the necessary conditions for all employees
to achieve fulfillment in their chosen profession. All Group
companies comply with the rules of protection of personal
data known as the “Binding Corporate Rules” (BCR), applicable
to the treatment and transfer of data outside of the European
Union.

© Compliance with the Ethical Guidelines

Each employee is required to review, understand and comply
with the Group’s Ethical Guidelines.

In the event of a question or any doubt regarding appropriate
conduct, it is the responsibility of the employee to immediately
contact a superior or the Group’s Legal Department.

Each employee has an affirmative obligation to comply with
these Ethical Guidelines.

5.2.2 ZERO TOLERANCE OF CORRUPTION

DEFINITION

Safran defines corruption as offering, promising or giving any
undue pecuniary or other advantage, whether directly or through
intermediaries, to a third party, in order that said third party act or
refrain from acting in relation to the performance of official duties,
in order to obtain or retain business or other improper advantage
in the conduct of business.

Jean-Paul Herteman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Safran Group, has set out this unequivocal commitment to rejecting
corruption.

“Satran firmly believes that lasting growth requires full dedication
from each employee in complying with the Group's Ethical

Guidelines and business integrity policy. Safran’s ethical excellence
extends beyond moral considerations or regulatory compliance. It
derives from individuals’ outstanding professional behaviour in any
circumstances and with all stakeholders.”

Safran conducts business in compliance with the anti-
corruption and export control laws.

In order to ensure the application of the Ethical Guidelines, Safran
has defined common requirements in the form of business-
compliance related procedures applicable to all Group companies.
These requirements are broken down into a series of specific
operational procedures for each Group subsidiary, and are adjusted
to take account of the regulations applicable to each subsidiary’s
specific organization, products and markets.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 18 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ PERPETUATING THE INTEGRITY CULTURE /

AN ANTI-CORRUPTION PROGRAM
THAT MEETS THE HIGHEST
INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS

Following an audit conducted between September 1 and
December 15, 2012, Safran obtained anti-corruption certification
from the French Agency for the Diffusion of Technological Information
(Agence pour la Diffusion de I'Information Technologique — ADIT).
This certification is based on standards approved by France's
Central Service for the Prevention of Corruption (Service Central
de Prévention de la Corruption), an interministerial body under
the Minister of Justice, and is valid until December 2015. Anti-
corruption certification recognizes the effectiveness of Safran's
business compliance program, thereby validating the Group's
efforts over the past several years to bring its rules and procedures
in line with the highest international standards.

In line with its commitment to combat all forms of corruption,
Safran and all Group companies have signed the Common Industry
Standards for Anti-Corruption developed by the Aerospace and
Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD), which promote
and reinforce integrity among its members.

Safran is a member of the Strategy Committee of the IFBEC
(International Forum of Business Ethical Conduct). This organization
is made up of leading US and European companies in the aerospace
and defence sectors, and promotes industry-wide ethical standards
and good business practices through the Global Principles on
Business Ethics, which have been signed by Jean-Paul Herteman,
Safran’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Safran has defined a rigorous continuous improvement program
to prevent corruption and foster a culture of honesty and fairness
while addressing two main concerns: i) promoting responsible
behaviour among employees and management and ii) protecting
Group assets through risk management.

The program falls under the responsibility of the Executive Vice-
President, International Development, as part of a dedicated
structure, the Business Compliance and Export Control Department.

As a member of the Group's fraud committee, the department
head coordinates the anti-corruption program at Group level and
participates in national and international anti-corruption initiatives
to promote best practices and dialogue between companies
and civil society: the French Aerospace Industries Association
(GIFAS), Aerospace and Defence Industries Association of Europe
(ASD), International Forum on Business Ethical Conduct (IFBEC),
International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), the French employer's
association MEDEF, the French business ethics organization Cercle
Ethique des Affaires, etc.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

RAISING EMPLOYEE AWARENESS

All Group employees and Executive Committee members,
both directly and indirectly concerned, receive regular, adapted
information: more than 50 documents per year, including a trade
compliance report every two months, an information bulletin on
ethical trade, country regulation guides, dedicated intranet service,
etc.

A program of on-site instructional training courses was developed
for Group companies worldwide. Preventing corruption was a
topic incorporated into several Safran Corporate University training
programs, aimed specifically at staff involved in purchasing. These
courses are designed to impart on each employee adequate
knowledge of regulations applicable to their businesses and full
understanding of Group procedures and how they are applied at
their company.

SUPPORTING THE PROGRAM:
ORGANIZATION, PROCEDURES
AND CONTROL

A NETWORK OF 75 COMPLIANCE OFFICERS

The 30 Trade Compliance Officers (TCOs), delegated by their
company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, are responsible
for guaranteeing the strict compliance of business transactions
with Group procedure and instructions in relation to anti-corruption.
TCOs report to the Group Head of Business Compliance and Export
Control, who is responsible for providing them with the support and
information necessary and useful to their work.

TCOs work with a network of 45 Trade Compliance Correspondents
(TCCs) who ensure that measures are applied at each subsidiary
or division of their company.

The TCOs and TCCs must ensure that the persons exposed to
and concerned by such risk within their organizations (business,
marketing, legal, financial, human resources, supply chain) receive
information and training on Safran’s business compliance program
and carry out any necessary reviews to ensure compliance with
procedures.

TCOs and TCCs meet each year to harmonize their knowledge,
exchange good practices and contribute to improving the business
compliance program and related procedures.


--- Page 19 ---

PROCEDURES ON SELECTING AND VALIDATING
BUSINESS PARTNERS - GIFTS, HOSPITALITY AND TRAVEL

These procedures clearly and precisely describe the roles of
employees and the rules to apply in performing their duties. They
are updated regularly and widely distributed among managers
and the employees concerned. The Group's external partners also
receive these procedures.

. The international business compliance procedure lays
down strict rules on managing contractual relations with
the business partners of Group companies, including those
engaged in offset agreements: consultants, service providers,
distributors or investment or venture capital partners. The
procedure is updated each year following a review in order to
improve and take account of any changes to anti-corruption
regulations and disseminate best practices identified.

It describes rigorous standards applied by the Group
worldwide with respect to the selection, qualification, ethical
evaluation, tracking and payment of business partners.
More specifically, it defines a validation process for business
partners that is centralized by the International Executive
Management (IEM) independently and without business
pressure. All business partners of Group companies

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ PERPETUATING THE INTEGRITY CULTURE /

are systematically subject to due diligence by certified
independent experts.

. The procedure for “gifts, hospitality and travel” given to or
received from customers, suppliers and other stakeholders
stipulates that they must be used exclusively to acknowledge
appreciation in business relationships and in no way give rise
to a conflict of interest or influence a professional decision.

. Aclause on ethics is included in Safran’s general purchasing
terms and conditions signed by all Group suppliers.

APPROPRIATE CONTROLS.

Monitoring Group companies’ implementation of and compliance
with current procedures is carried out by means of regular reviews
by the IEM relating to the compliance of consultants’ files and audits
carried out by the Group's Audit and Internal Control Department.
These audits aim to ensure that accounting procedures are being
complied with (in particular that bills issued by the business partners
are properly checked), that all payments made to them correspond
to actual services and that the amounts paid do not exceed market
rates.

5.2.3, COMPLYING WITH EXPORT LAWS

Group companies purchase goods and services from different
suppliers. They also provide goods and services to customers all
over the world. It is therefore critical that Safran complies, without
exception, with all applicable regulations that govern its activities in
the export and import of military or dual-use technology.

Safran follows procedures that guarantee strict compliance with
legislation governing export control.

COMPLIANCE STANDARD

A Safran compliance standard sets out the Group's requirements
with regard to the control of exports and re-exports to third
countries. It is structured around nine key compliance issues:

. implementation of a dedicated organizational structure;

. development of an internal export control program by each
Group company;

. training and awareness-raising;
. identification of export restrictions;
. establishment of license/agreement application;

. compliance with the terms and conditions of approved
licenses;

. monitoring and audit of the export control program;
. monitoring of technology transfers (data and software);
. treatment of any cases of non-compliance.

This compliance standard was especially useful for companies
obtaining certification from the French Directorate General of
Weapons Procurement as of the application of the transposition
law of the European Directive on intra-Community transfers of
defence equipment (June 30, 2012). Once the notification process
is launched, at least five tier-one entities are expected to obtain
the certification.

ORGANIZATION

Commitment by the Group's Executive Management to complying
with the laws in force has enabled Safran to implement a dedicated
compliance structure. This structure includes:

. the Business Compliance and Export Control Department,
under the responsibility of the Executive Vice-President,
International Development, sometimes referred to as the
International CEO, is assisted by a global network of export
control officers. They work together to ensure that the
Group's compliance standard is applied consistently. The
Business Compliance and Export Control Department defines
overall policy, ensures that each company is applying Group
standards, assists Group companies in their transactions,
and represents the Group before the relevant government
and professional bodies. It is involved in a number of working
groups with national authorities in France and in all countries
from which the Group exports. In 2012, GIFAS collaborated
with the French Directorate General of Weapons Procurement

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 20 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

on the transposition of the European Directive on intra-
Community transfers. The export control committee of the
ADS also carried out its own work on the project. The Group
plans to continually improve its compliance standard and take
part in debates on the topic;

. 58 Empowered Officials (members of the Management
Committee) appointed at all of the Group's legal entities
that import or export products, who, by delegation of the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of their company,
are personally liable for the compliance of their company’s
exports with the Company’s commitments in this respect;

. 58 Export Control Officers (ECO) appointed in each company
by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to assist the
Empowered Official. This person is assisted by a network of
350 Export Control Managers (ECM) in the main operational
departments concerned;

. a Group Export Compliance Committee, responsible
for recommending to the Executive Management team
any actions, organizational methods and directives that
would enable it to ensure the Group's compliance with the
relevant national and international laws and regulations. The
Committee also keeps Executive Management up to date
on the progress of the actions in place and of any risks or
problems that have arisen.

TRAINING AND AWARENESS-RAISING

International Executive Management notifies all Group employees
exposed to and concerned by exports of any regulatory
developments and any breaches of these regulations.

Safran organizes targeted training sessions for project managers
and buyers, offered by Safran Corporate University, and provides
its companies with training materials that they can adapt to the
regulations applicable to their company structure, products and
market. More than 3,000 employees in France and the US have
received this training since 2010.

Safran has developed a unique export control intranet to help raise
employee awareness, bring practical assistance to employees
worldwide and ensure that they comply with French, European
and non-European regulations regarding the export of military and
dual-use goods. The site notably provides users with rapid access
to lists of countries subject to embargoes and persons or entities
with whom trade is forbidden.

CONTROL

The Audit and Internal Control Department performs frequent
audits of Group companies to obtain evidence that the compliance
standard is being applied. In certain crucial cases, Safran calls on
independent firms to carry out additional audits. All of the Group's
main companies have been audited since 2010, and improvement
plans are systematically defined and put in place.

In complex cases, Safran also ensures that its companies detect,
assess and account for any cases of non-compliance and that
they take all the necessary precautions to prevent similar cases
arising in the future.

The Group's companies or Safran informs the relevant authorities in
each case of non-conformity. To date, none of the cases brought to
the attention of the authorities have been subject to penalties, which
demonstrates their faith in the control system put in place by Safran.

DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL

5.3.1 PRESENTATION OF STRATEGIC FOCUSES

To keep in line with its growth and ambitions, the Group must attract
the best talent and guide its employees in meeting the challenges
‘they face.

The Safran Group's HR policy focuses on four strategic areas:

. grooming the best talent to serve innovation;

. promoting corporate social responsibility;

. driving international expansion;

. taking a proactive approach to the Group's transformation.

The human resources (HR) function has implemented major reforms
to meet these goals, which include pooling HR activities, overhauling
department organization, training teams and improving processes.
These improvements aim to boost the collective performance of
the HR function, thus offering managers and employees greater

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

support, more solutions and a better understanding of the
organization.

GROOMING THE BEST TALENT TO SERVE
INNOVATION

Safran's rapid growth in a highly competitive international market
has led to the recruitment of young graduates trained in new
technologies and renowned experts in cutting-edge fields to
prepare for its future projects.

Recruiting the best profiles and offering them attractive career paths
is the focus of Safran’s HR policy.


--- Page 21 ---

Meeting its recruitment needs has become a strategic priority for
Safran, leading the Group to launch a massive employer branding
campaign to boost its reputation and highlight its appeal as an
employer in the eyes of its top recruitment targets.

The campaign powered a new Group tagline, “Key missions, Key
technologies, Key talents”, to include the men and women of
Safran, who make up the Group's third fundamental pillar.

Safran puts forth extensive efforts to develop talent and support
professional integration by training young people under work-
study programs and internships at various levels of qualification.
It initiated an action plan to improve the number of young hires
trained within the Group. Steps were taken with the GIFAS to
devise shared apprenticeship schemes between Safran and its
SME sub-contractors.
These measures reflect Safran’s endeavors to attract the best
talent and offer rewarding professional development through its
Group-wide HR policy:
. a skills management scheme coordinated by operational
managers and the Human Resources Department to
anticipate and prepare for major industry developments;

. a Group-wide career management plan to mark out career
paths for managers or technical experts in the Aerospace,
Defence and Security sectors;

. an active mobility program featuring Talent Search, a one-
stop recruitment platform for all business lines, simplifying
transfers between Group companies;

. professional training programs with identified business areas:
technical, programs, sales, purchasing, finance, etc.;

. leadership and talent development programs offered
through Safran Corporate University to guide the transition
to managerial positions.

PROMOTING CORPORATE SOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY

Respect for other people and a special focus on employment
are fundamental values in the Group's social responsibility policy,
which complies with the conventions of the International Labour
Organization (ILO). Social cohesion is therefore a major stake
underpinning the harmonious growth of the Group.

This objective is based on the application of Group-wide
management methods, namely:

. employee profit-sharing plans adapted to the specific context
of the country;

. employee shareholding plans associating employees with
Group targets;

. processes designed to develop employer-employee relations
internationally with the setting up of a European Works
Council and a commitment to participate in European-level
negotiations on a framework agreement that promotes the
professional integration of young people.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

More specifically in France, the Group has been developing several
key areas: (i) preserving the health of its employees, (ii) training,
(ii) developing the career and skills management program and
(iv) promoting diversity and equal opportunity.

. The prevention of accidents in the workplace and the
preservation of the physical and mental health of employees
feature among Safran's ethical commitments. This took
concrete form with:

- the rollout of the agreement on occupational stress
prevention signed in 2011,

— comprehensive weekly and monthly reports of accidents
resulting in lost worktime included in the reporting
submitted to Executive Management,

— company agreements on the prevention of dangerous
or arduous work signed at several Group companies,

= continued Group-wide negotiations on the prevention of
harassment and violence in the workplace.

. Similarly, the promotion and management of diversity and
equal opportunity are considered factors that bolster Group
cohesion and performance. In France, these goals fostered
anew Group agreement to promote the employment of
disabled workers signed on April 6, 2012 and an amendment
to the agreement on the employment of seniors pending
negotiations on France's future “Generation contract”.

DRIVING INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION

The international nature of the Group requires the implementation
of an appropriate HR policy.

This involves:

. including international managers in the Executive
Management scheme, with career committees and manager
reviews to identify high potential candidates extended to
international subsidiaries. Developing international Safran
Corporate University programs enables culture-sharing and
a better understanding by managers of the true international
nature of the Group;

. enhancing international mobility, with the creation of a Group
Mobility Charter and an international job pool;

. improving and harmonizing assistance provided to expatriates
and developing other ways of working abroad;

. implementing health and welfare plans to accompany all
forms of international mobility;

. rolling out new employee shareholding plans abroad: the
international Group employee savings plan, free share plans,
etc.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 22 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

The Group's many sites across the globe and the diversity of its
businesses and products offer vast opportunities for geographic
mobility.

With operations in nearly 60 countries, the Group gives some
of its employees the option of gaining professional experience
abroad. It will continue enriching the international dimension of its
teams by employing a growing number of international employees
at its French companies, developing career opportunities at its
subsidiaries worldwide and promoting intercultural exchange in
implementing strategic projects.

TAKING A PROACTIVE APPROACH TO
THE GROUP’S TRANSFORMATION

In 2009, the Group embarked on large-scale initiatives to upgrade
its management techniques and processes. These initiatives are
designed to install more efficient operating procedures and to
accompany the creation of a consolidated group, within which the
different companies share common procedures.

These modernization projects fostered cross-business
organizations, including Shared Services Centres (payroll, non-
production purchasing, accounting, IT, finance, etc.). The Group
began transferring these centers to a single site in 2012.

One of the main objectives of these Shared Services Centres is
to serve the entire Group building on their high level of skills and
expertise.

Safran set up a special unit in 2012 to consolidate its gains from
modernizing its management systems and streamline how they
will be applied globally.

5.3.2. HEADCOUNT

The Group intends to pool the best practices from each cross-
business organization on productivity, HR development and the
quality of service provided for companies.

The HR function is also fully involved in this move to create a unified
group and is working to adapt its own organizational structure
through the creation of three new departments focused on
(i) recruitment, careers and mobility, (ii) the development of talent
and (iii) employee relations.

The function is also being modernized, with a new Shared Services
Centre which took over the administrative duties and payroll at the
end of 2012 for close to 38,000 employees, representing virtually
all Group employees in France.

A unified human resources management application is currently
being rolled out in France and in North America eventually
to establish a cohesive, global system for human resources
management.

In a Group that is constantly evolving, accompanying organizational
changes represents a major challenge for HR teams, which need to:

. provide the necessary legal support to strengthen the
required procedures;

. define and negotiate the status of employees affected by
these changes;

. organize, coordinate and monitor staff mobility related to
these changes.

Accompanying the Group's organizational changes also requires a
good understanding of Safran’s medium-term needs with regards
to its businesses and expertise.

BREAKDOWN BY BUSINESS

The Group had 62,558 4 employees (excluding work-study contracts) at December 31, 2012.

The following table presents a breakdown of employees by business at that date:

France International Total
Aerospace Propulsion 19,082 4,189 23,271
Aircraft Equipment 9,931 12,943 22,874
Security 1,327 6,400 7,727
Defence 6,442 740 7,182
Holding company and other 1,196 308 1,504
2012 GROUP 37,978 24,580 62,558

© Data reviewed by the Statutory Auaitors with reasonable assurance (see Statutory Auditors’ report in section 5.7.2).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 23 ---

BREAKDOWN BY COUNTRY

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

The Group's expansion continued apace both in France and abroad. In May 2012, the Group set up Herakles following the merger of
Snecma Propulsion Solide and SME. It acquired Cassis International through Morpho in July 2012, to join the e-Documents division. The
trusted service management pioneer and leader has 75 employees with its registered office located in Singapore.

At end-2012, the Group’s workforce had grown 4.6% since the previous year and represented more than 24,580 employees working

outside France in 57 countries.

The following table presents a breakdown of employees by geographic area at December 31, 2012 M1:

| -2012Group | % of total

Europe France 37,978 60.7%
United Kingdom 2,130 3.4%
Belgium 1,475 2.4%
Germany 4,067 1.7%
Russia 295 0.5%
Other" 1,628 2.6%
Africa and the Middle East Morocco 2,070 3.3%
South Africa 286 0.5%
United Arab Emirates 107 0.2%
Other 52 0.1%
North America United States 5,754 9.2%
Mexico 4,135 6.6%
Canada 1,093 1.7%
South America Brazil 850 1.4%
Other 377 0.6%
Asia India 1,517 2.4%
China 913 1.5%
Singapore 534 0.9%
Other“ 119 0.2%
Oceania Australia 178 0.3%
TOTAL 62,558 100%

(1) Albania, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Spain, Sweden,

‘Switzerland, Turkey and Ukraine.
(2) Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Kenya, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar and Saudi Arabia.
(3) Chile, Colombia, Peru and Uruguay.

(4) Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam.

OTHER INFORMATION ON HEADCOUNT

At December 31, 2012, 37% of Group employees were engineers or
managers. In France, the breakdown of employees by professional
category shifted in favor of engineers and managers: 41%
managerial-grade staff (cadres), 29% technicians, 4% supervisors,
6% office staff and 21% line workers.

More than 25% of Group employees and 20% of engineers
and managers worldwide are women. Close to 21% of French
engineering and managerial-grade staff are women.

Over 21% of employees are involved in research and development
activities.

Excluding acquisitions, the Group boasts net job creation for

2012, thanks to brisk external recruitment and stable departures.
Over 12 months, the Group hired 7,596 M people, including

2,879 job creations. Safran hired over 1.61 M1 employees for each
departure, and 47% of new hires were for newly created positions.

MORE SPECIFICALLY IN FRANCE

The use of fixed-term employment contracts remains very limited
and concerned less than 1% of employees at the end of 2012, while
permanent employment contracts represent 90.5% of recruitment.

Temporary staff represented about 4.75% of the workforce
(excluding work-study contracts) in 2012, primarily in the Aircraft
Equipment and Defence businesses, which make use of this type
of labor due to significant fluctuations in business levels. Efforts are
being combined to limit the number of temporary staff.

© Data reviewed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance (see Statutory Auditors’ report in section 5.7.2).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 24 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

5.3.3. HR POLICIES

RECRUITMENT AND INTEGRATION

Safran continued to recruit in 2012 in order to bring in the fresh
skills needed to maintain its leading position in the innovation of
new generations of aircraft and new technologies related to the
Group's businesses, with 3,193 new hires in France. Among the
new hires, 64% were for managerial-grade positions and more than
22% were women. Young graduates accounted for close to 40%
of our managerial-level hires. Safran recruited 4,403 employees
abroad, of which nearly 27% were managers.

Virtually 70% of engineering and managerial-level new hires had
a scientific or technical background, mainly in the following areas:

. mechanical engineering;

. materials;

. aerodynamics, energy, thermal sciences;
. electronics and automation;

. software development (onboard software);
. systems architecture;

. methods;

. development testing.

In pursuing its innovation policy, the Group is seeking to diversify
its recruitment channels. While a large portion of its intake in the
scientific sector is made up of engineers, it also targets academics
with a master’s degree or PhD.

Recruiting the best profiles and offering them attractive career paths
is the focus of Safran’s HR policy.

Aligned with its development, the Group put forth extensive
resources to apply this policy, culminating in a new recruitment
communication drive. The launch of this large-scale, multi-channel
(press, print and online) campaign prompted the Group to redesign
all the content of its recruitment website, which now features a
new name: safran-talent.com. The new site reflects the Group's
employer branding strategy to make its areas of expertise readily
understandable and attractive while conveying a powerful image
of Safran’s corporate culture. An extensive promotional scheme
was introduced at the Group's target schools to raise awareness
about the values and advantages of the employer brand. Lastly,
the main social networks (Facebook, LinkedIn, Viadeo) featured a
new relation-building program.

At the same time, Safran continued to step up its presence at target
schools and universities in France and abroad through a number of
events designed to offer students guidance in building their career
path (conferences, career round tables, visits to industrial sites,
forums, the setting up of Chairs, etc.). Today, a network of over
230 Safran ambassadors is proactively working with students to
share with them about the Group's business lines and opportunities.
Safran also strengthened its partnerships, furthering its involvement

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

in educational programs and participating in the target schools’
management bodies.

Upstream recruitment operations were pooled to form Talent
Search in France. Working with the departments seeking to hire,
this Shared Services Centre handles the sourcing and preselection
of candidates on behalf of Group companies.

DEVELOPING CAREER PROSPECTS

To expand career prospects, the Group-wide career management
plan encourages mobility, training and retraining opportunities.
Safran Corporate University is also involved, through courses
preparing managers to take over new responsibilities.

A Group-wide career management plan was defined to align career-
related bodies (career committees and business line committees)
and meetings (individual interviews, career interviews, progress
reports, etc.) according to a timetable applicable to all Group
companies. The scheme will be rolled out in 2013. Some employee
categories already receive guidance at Group level (Experts, Black
Belts and Master Black Belts, Managers of Managers, expatriates).
The Group has also adopted a centralized system to optimize the
management of its senior executives and high-potential managers.
The aim is to identify, train and retain internal talent for succession
planning purposes.

MOBILITY

In 2012, over 500 employees benefited from an internal transfer
between two Group companies in France.

To improve the mobility process, a centralized team of mobility
and career advisors anticipates and offers guidance through
business line development, applying the HR initiatives of business
line committees. Mobility and career advisors, in collaboration with
company business line directors and HR departments, design
and coordinate individual mobility and recruitment initiatives.
The Group's job exchange platform (Bourse des Emplois) allows
employees to submit applications online or to send a mobility
request specifying the sector and employment pool. Anew Mobility
Charter and practical employee guidelines will be published as an
improved version of the job exchange platform goes live in the first
quarter of 2013 in France and in mid-2013 in the United States.

At December 31, 2012, the Group had 400 French expatriates
(including 122 expatriations and 124 repatriations during the year)
and 90 other international transfers.

These 400 expatriates provide commercial and technical services

for customers in 49 countries, primarily in Europe (30%), North
America (26%) and Asia (25%).


--- Page 25 ---

An expertise center was formed in 2012 to gradually merge
the management of expatriates, boosting the transparency and
consistency of mobility processes. This structure will develop the
Group's capacity to deploy expatriates and meet future challenges
as it moves into new international markets.

The Group's international subsidiaries benefited from this expertise
in preparation for their upcoming implementation of mobility policies
for expatriation from countries other than France.

Gaining international experience is an important part of the Safran
career path.

The efforts made in 2012 to boost the mobility of younger employees
paid off, as the Group now has 107 international volunteers under
the French VIE (International Volunteer) program.

Standard contractual arrangements and expatriation packages
have been defined at Group level and deployed in all entities
to facilitate mobility. International mobility expertise is being
coordinated to ensure compliance with the Group's international
mobility policy (employment contract, taxation and pay) and support
for the implementation of international career management and
repatriation programs.

CAREER AND SKILLS MANAGEMENT
PROGRAM

The analysis of the quantitative and qualitative developments
needed in the business lines helps define the actions to be
put in place to accompany strategic developments within the
Group related to new markets, new technologies and customer
requirements.

In 2012, this analysis was used to define initiatives in certain priority
areas:

. in R&D: systems architecture, software and electronics;

. in production: methods and supply chain;

. in programs/customer relations: sales/marketing and
programs;

. in support functions: finance, management and human
resources.

These initiatives cover all the main aspects of human resources
management, namely:

. training by creating and bolstering career paths, allowing
employees to develop their skills, manage professional
change and improve their employability;

. mobility and career management with greater visibility and
support through developments and transitions between
businesses and improved employee information;

. more targeted recruitment of Group employees and relations
with schools to better attract talent.

This information was shared with the trade unions at a career and

skills management program committee meeting. It demonstrates

the efforts of employee representatives to integrate the program as

a key part of the Group's HR policy, providing all employees with

a clear view of the development of the Group's business lines and

the possibility of planning their career in line with the future needs

of the Group.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

TRAINING - SAFRAN CORPORATE
UNIVERSITY

By developing Safran Corporate University, the Group has
given itself the means to achieve its cultural, technological and
organizational transformation. Designed as a cultural melting
pot, the university is at the heart of international development
and exercises a fundamental influence on all Group members,
customers and partners.

The purpose of Safran Corporate University is to provide the
knowledge, expertise and people skills necessary to guide the
Group's development and growth. The establishment is open to
all Group employees. Its role is to promote shared corporate culture
and values, and thereby steer training to respond to the Group's
strategic requirements and priorities in terms of employee expertise.

Safran invests an average 4% of payroll costs in training.

Nearly 70% of French employees receive training at least once a
year.

Safran Corporate University covers all of the business lines, offering
training in 16 different areas and representing a total of 1.4 million
training hours worldwide in 2012.

A substantial portion of training efforts is focused on developing
the technological skills required by major projects.

The development of managerial skills in an international context
represents a second major priority.

The quest for customer satisfaction and enhanced economic and
industrial performance are the growth drivers that underpin the
training program.

In line with the Group's international expansion, Safran Corporate
University is active on the three continents where Safran has the
strongest foothold (Europe, North America and Asia). Programs
are available in about ten countries, in French, English or the local
language.

With the local university teams, training is adapted to the region's
cultural aspects and relevant needs at the Group sites. This diversity
also provides an opportunity to integrate local experience into the
programs taught worldwide and enhance the Group's knowledge
of its markets.

These exchanges represent an important force in the local response
to the training needs of Safran’s companies and partners.

At the Dallas campus opened to cover North America (United
States, Mexico and Canada), about 30 sessions were organized
in 2012, representing about 9,000 hours of training.

Safran Corporate University is also a vector for disseminating Group
culture, identity and values throughout all of its companies and
countries.

Safran Corporate University's main Campus is currently under
construction and due to open in the autumn of 2013. The Campus
will provide a proper base for the university, which has been a
cultural melting-pot since its creation. The 13-hectare site located in
Massy, near Paris, France, will feature a capacity of 600 participants
for employee training programs or seminars all year long. Safran’s
major events (orientation days, seminars, conferences, etc.) and
meetings with customers and Group partners will be held there,
with access to an amphitheater seating more than 400.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 26 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

The University's goal is to implement an ambitious Group training
policy and to use the resources and efforts involved to meet
strategic challenges in order to support the development of the
Group's business, technology and international presence. One of
the keys to the success of this training system is the commitment
of Group management executives, managers and experts to
designing and leading these programs.

Safran Corporate University addresses three major challenges that
apply to the Group:

. Improving employee skills and professionalism in all of
the Group’s business lines
Business programs allow employees to develop their skills in
relation to a particular business throughout their professional
career. Safran Corporate University provides this skills
development for all employees and contributes to building the
Group's human capital, adapting it to tomorrow's businesses
and ensuring its continued growth.
The University aims to set up career training programs in
line with these needs. Such programs are now available and
being rolled out at all business lines. Some of the courses
offered by Safran Corporate University will allow employees to
obtain a certificate or a diploma. These courses are common
to all Group companies in order to encourage the sharing of
ideas and best practices.

. Aiming for excellence in management and leadership

The Leadership programs provide the necessary career
training for senior executives and more generally, for all

Group leaders and managers. These programs are designed
to help develop common management practices within the
Group and to offer managers every chance of success in
their assignments, as they manage change and build the
Group of tomorrow.

More than 2,000 Green Belts and Black Belts have been
trained since 2010, reflecting the university's campaign to
implement the Lean Sigma approach.

Safran’s leadership guidelines lay the groundwork for all
programs and reflect five managerial priorities: mobilizing
employees based on a shared vision, setting the example,
daring to innovate, fostering team benefits and promoting
individual responsibility.

. Enhancing the employability of workers

Transitional programs aim to assist employees whose jobs are
likely to change considerably in order to help them develop
new skills or change career paths.

Additional specially adapted training programs and specific
procedures, involving the assessment of skills, the validation
of professional experience, etc., will be put in place to
accompany these career changes and developments and
prepare employees for tomorrow's jobs.

These programs represent a key component of the employee
policy and the career and skills management program.

5.3.4 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

COMPENSATION TRENDS

For the second time since the Sagem-Snecma merger in 2005,
all French companies signed salary agreements in 2012. These
agreements provided for an average increase in compensation of
between 2.85% and 3.2% of payroll, depending on the Company,
and comprised general and individual increases for employees, and
specific increases for managerial-grade staff.

In addition, several Group companies set aside budgets for
promoting compensation equality between men and women as
part of their annual compensation policy.

INVOLVING EMPLOYEES IN GROUP
PERFORMANCE

STATUTORY EMPLOYEE PROFIT-SHARING

In France, statutory profit-sharing is paid under the terms of
the Group statutory employee profit-sharing agreement signed
on June 30, 2005. A new calculation method was developed
in application of an amendment signed on June 29, 2012 to
guarantee a more appropriate correlation between profit-sharing
and Group earnings. The agreement, which is based on the

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

principle of solidarity, provides for the pooling of statutory profit-
sharing reserves generated by each Group company in France.
For a given year, all employees receive an identical percentage of
their salary, regardless of their company’s earnings. However, the
salary used in the calculation is at least 1.2 times the annual social
security ceiling (ie., €43,646 for a full-time employee working for
the full year in 2012). The salary floor ensures solidarity between
the different pay levels.

For the extended scope of consolidated companies (as defined in
Note 33 of section 3.1), the total statutory profit-sharing expense
recorded for the last two years is as follows:

(in € millions) Statutory employee
profit-sharing
2011 45

2012 73

OPTIONAL EMPLOYEE PROFIT-SHARING

All French entities have optional profit-sharing plans based
primarily on economic performance criteria supplemented, where
appropriate, by other company performance indicators.


--- Page 27 ---

The total amount of optional profit-sharing payments may not
exceed 5% of payroll, although this percentage may be increased to
7% or even 8% in the event of exceptional company performance.

For the extended scope of consolidated companies (as defined
in Note 33 of section 3.1), total optional profit-sharing payments,
including payments by Group companies outside France, for the
last two years are as follows:

(in € millions) Optional employee profit-sharing
2011 109
2012 131

EMPLOYEE PROFIT-SHARING BONUS
AND SHAREHOLDING PLANS

In accordance with French legislation on profit-sharing and given
the higher dividend paid per share in respect of 2011 compared
with the average dividend paid over the two previous years, a flat
bonus of €205 (gross) was allocated to each employee.

The total profit sharing bonus expense recorded in the consolidated
financial statements (Note 5 of section 3.1) for the last two years
is as follows:

(in € millions) Employee profit-sharing bonus
2011 19

2012 8

In order to motivate employees further to contribute to its targets
and future success and performance, the Group set up a leveraged
employee shareholding plan in France at the end of 2011, in which
employees could invest all or part of their profit-sharing bonus.

The plan was in the form of an offer to purchase Safran treasury
shares reserved for employees through a leveraged fund set up
specifically for this purpose within the Group employee savings
plan. Employees could subscribe to Safran shares under
preferential conditions compared with free shares (i.e., 20% less
than the average of the closing share price between November 11,
2011 and December 8, 2011 for employees of Group companies.
headquartered in France and between March 21, 2012 and April 19,
2012 for employees of Group companies headquartered outside
France). These shares are subject to a five-year lock-up period.

For each share purchased by employees, a bank mandated by
the Group contributes nine additional shares. Employees are
guaranteed a return at least equal to the amount they invested.

5.3.5 EMPLOYEE POLICY

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

In addition, all amounts invested are indexed to the share price
so that employees accrue a return on their investment if the share
price rises above the undiscounted reference share price. As
consideration for the bank top-up and guarantees (capital and
indexation) included in this plan, employees have waived their
right to the 20% discount granted by Safran and to any dividends
payable on the shares over the period.

The plan was rolled out to Group employees outside France in the
first quarter of 2012.

The operation met with resounding success, as nearly 18,000
employees worldwide seized the opportunity to subscribe.

Safran earned an award in 2012 for the development of its employee
shareholding plan from the 2012 Employee Shareholding Awards
(Grands Prix de I’Actionnariat Salarié 2012). This development
was achieved through both one-off operations, such as the recent
employee shareholding offer or the grant of 100 free shares to
employees of the Group's European companies in 2009, and long-
term plans, such as the Group employee savings plan and the
international Group employee savings plan.

EMPLOYEE SAVINGS PLANS

Group employees in France benefit from a comprehensive
employee savings plan that allows them to contribute to a company
savings plan:

. the Safran collective retirement savings plan (PERCO),
recently set up under a Group agreement signed in 2012,
allows employees to contribute to a retirement savings
plan via six corporate mutual funds (FCPE) with different
management strategies;

. the Group employee savings plan, implemented by a Group
agreement in 2006, features medium-term savings via a
range of five FCPEs with different management strategies.
The Group employee savings plan endorses employee share
ownership in particular, by allocating company contributions
to an FCPE invested in Safran shares.

Rapidly after the Group was created, employee share ownership
broadened to an international dimension with the international
Group employee savings plan set up under a Group agreement
signed in 2006. It provides employer financial support to employees
of foreign subsidiaries who wish to contribute to a savings plan
based on Safran shares.

In 2012, over 14,000 employees in some 50 Group companies
in Belgium, Canada, Germany, Mexico, the UK and the US had
access to this plan, which will be progressively rolled out to other
countries.

WORKING HOURS

The Safran Group complies with all legal requirements governing
working hours at each site.

In France, most Group companies have signed an agreement on
working hours with the following provisions:

. monthly workers: an average of 35 to 39 hours worked per
week over the year with compensatory time allotted;

. managerial-grade staff: a system of a set number of hours or
days worked over the year with compensatory time allotted;

. senior executives, who are not subject to the legal

requirements on work time, conventionally benefit from
additional days off.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 28 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

Different Group sites have introduced special systems to organize
employee work time, such as shift work, including night shifts,
and flexible time.

The Group believes that working hours should respect the balance
between employees’ professional and personal lives.

In France, approximately 5% of Group employees worked part-time
as at December 31, 2012.

EMPLOYER-EMPLOYEE RELATIONS

Main events in this area in 2012 for the Safran Group in France
and in Europe were:

. the signature of Group-wide agreements on:

- the collective retirement savings plan (PERCO), in
February,

— the employment of disabled workers, in April,

- the new calculation method for the correlation between
profit-sharing and Group earnings, in June,

- the extension of measures to promote development
opportunities for seniors, in December;

. the commitment to participate in European-level negotiations
on a framework agreement to promote the professional
integration of young people;

. the launch of negotiations to revise the agreement on the
Safran European Works Council;

. continued negotiations on the prevention of harassment and
violence in the workplace;

. the start of negotiations on training;

. meetings with the Group's union representatives to discuss
various issues (statutory bargaining round, training, etc.);

. meetings of the Group and European Works Councils in
ordinary and extraordinary sessions.

Each Group company also pursues a dynamic negotiation policy

based on its economic and social profile. Salary agreements were

signed at all Group companies in 2012 in the statutory bargaining
round.

RELATIONS WITH THE LOCAL
COMMUNITY

The Group's entities maintain close relations with their local and
regional communities and help to raise the Group's profile through
active participation in social and economic initiatives at the local
level.

The Group devotes considerable resources to training young
people under work-study programs and internships at various levels
of qualification. In France in 2012, Safran welcomed 3,182 young
people under work-study contracts (apprenticeship and professional
training contracts) and 2,951 internships, representing 16% of the
French workforce.

An action plan was also initiated in 2012 to improve the number of
young hires trained within the Group. Steps were also taken with
GIFAS to devise shared apprenticeship schemes between Safran
and its SME sub-contractors.

The Safran Group pools the payment of apprenticeship tax for
qualification levels of “Bac+5" (five years’ post-secondary education)
and above across all companies, given the national dimension of
these qualifications, in order to ensure overall consistency with
the Group's strategic focus. The payment of this tax for other
qualification levels is entrusted to each company, as their better
understanding of the local environment enables them to support the
entities that train individuals whose expertise matches recruitment
profiles within their employment pool.

Safran has developed partnership initiatives with French public
research institutes (CEA, CNRS) in scientific and technology
sectors, with engineering and business schools, as well as with
scientific universities both in France and abroad. At end-2012, the
Group had 147 industrial agreements for training through research
(Conventions Industrielles de Formation par la Recherche — CIFRE)
and Diplomas of Technology Research (Dipléme de Recherche
Technologique — DRT), a rise of nearly 14% since 2010.

EMPLOYEE-RELATED ACTIVITIES
MANAGED BY THE WORKS COUNCIL

In France, the contribution paid by Group companies to their Works
Councils for employee-related activities varies between 1% and
5% of the total payroll, depending on the Company and the site.

5.3.6 DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES

Safran has engaged in a policy of combating discrimination
and promoting equal opportunities for several years, instituting
its Diversity Charter, applicable to all Group companies in
November 2010.

In 2012, the Group pressed ahead with its commitment to diversity,
broken down into the following four areas:

. integrating and maintaining employees with disabilities in the
workforce;

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

. promoting professional equality between men and women;
. integrating young people;
. developing opportunities for seniors within the Group.

Awareness-raising and communication initiatives, along with the
specific targets in place, reflect Safran’s determination to boost
its social responsibility in this area and report on advances made.


--- Page 29 ---

INTEGRATING AND MAINTAINING
EMPLOYEES WITH DISABILITIES IN
THE WORKFORCE

Measures taken to promote the employment of workers with
disabilities at Group subsidiaries differ from country to country,
as national legislation varies considerably. Safran is dedicated to
complying with all laws, regulations and any local recommendations
‘that apply to employing workers with disabilities.

In France at December 31, 2012, the Group had 1,507 workers

with disabilities (i.e., 4% of the French workforce), 66 work-study
contracts and 15 internships.

To advance the driving force initiated with the agreement signed in
2010 and 2011 with Agefiph, a French association promoting the
employment of people with disabilities, Safran signed a three-year
Group agreement with all trade unions in April 2012 to promote
the employment of workers with disabilities, applicable from 2012
to 2014.

Through this agreement approved by the Paris regional
directorate for enterprises, competition, consumer affairs, labor
and employment (Direction Régionale des Entreprises, de la
Concurrence, de la Consommation, du Travail et de I'Emploi), the
Group continued its mobilization, with concrete steps to recruit
more employees with disabilities and improve their professional
development and working conditions.

This action focuses on five areas:

. a plan to hire at least 72 workers with disabilities: half the
target was reached at December 31, 2012, with 37 disabled
workers recruited since January 1, 2012;

. the development of integration and training programs;

. the introduction of a formal Group process on the retention
of employees with disabilities and career guidance;

. the development of the Group's collaboration with companies
that employ only people with disabilities and provide them
with special facilities and support;

. communication and awareness-raising initiatives on
disabilities for all those involved with the company.

PROMOTING PROFESSIONAL EQUALITY
BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN

Gender equality, employee diversity and variety in profiles
foster innovation and are key drivers in Safran’s performance
and development. These issues are overriding aims in Safran’s
employee policy.

Initiatives focus mainly on ensuring equal compensation, a
discrimination-free recruitment policy and career opportunities at
all levels of the hierarchy. In France, the Group has signed equal
pay and career opportunity agreements in its main subsidiaries
that include objectives, progress indicators and progress reviews.

Worldwide, 25% of Group employees are women, with 20% among
managers. Given the Group's high proportion of production- or

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ DEVELOPING HUMAN POTENTIAL /

technical-based jobs, women continue to be underrepresented.
The Group is engaged in a proactive policy to attract women,
develop gender balance in teams and provide women with access
to high-level positions.

Safran’s initiatives in France include its partnership with “Elles
bougent" (Women on the move), an association which aims to
promote industrial professions among female high school and
university students and encourage them to pursue their studies
in these fields.

Through this partnership, Safran has helped young women learn
about its technical and scientific jobs as early as possible in their
education. The Group hopes to stimulate interest and meet its
target of recruiting at least 25% women in the years to come.

Steps have also been taken to foster access for women to high-
level positions at the Group.

In France in 2012, the Group participated in the first Women
in Industry awards (Trophée des Femmes dans I'industrie), in
partnership with the magazine Usine Nouvelle.

In Morocco, Safran hosted a conference on women, industry and
development (Femmes, industrie et développement) in Rabat in
March 2012, which drew political and economic Moroccan opinion
leaders, Group employees and the media. The Group is a leading
employer in Morocco with six subsidiaries in Casablanca and Rabat,
which represent over 2,000 employees, of which 56% are women.

For several years, Safran has been a partner to the Women’s Forum,
an international event bringing together influential men and women.
This partnership advanced in 2012, when Safran held a workshop
‘on the role of women in innovation, “Produce in Europe to grow
internationally”, inviting about 30 women from Group companies
to join in debates and conferences. The workshop provided the
opportunity for the Group to promote its industrial strategy, thereby
maintaining its technological roots in France and Europe while
developing internationally.

INTEGRATING YOUNG PEOPLE

Safran’s diversity program focuses on an active and cohesive
employment policy for young people from underprivileged
neighborhoods and on social and professional integration for
disadvantaged groups.

The Group continued its action in 2012, signing the two-year
national commitment on employment in priority neighborhoods.
Six hundred people will be taken on over the period, including
100 hires, 200 work-study contracts and 300 internships.

In 2012, Safran also continued partnerships with locally active
associations, namely “IMS - Entreprendre pour la Cité”, a network
of 200 companies supporting corporate responsibility.

Safran furthered the partnership forged with the Fratelli
Association, which develops mentoring programs between high-
potential students from disadvantaged backgrounds and young
professionals. Over 20 employees are now mentors.

Safran joined forces with one of its target schools, Supélec, to
promote the social integration of high school students from
low-income backgrounds from the Essonne department, by

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 30 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

participating in a program entitled “A top school: why not me?”
(Une grande école : pourquoi pas moi?), which aims to increase
the chances for students from underprivileged neighborhoods to
enroll in ambitious study programs.

The Group also partnered the “Aerospace of the heart”
(Aéronautique du coeur) project initiated by Boeing, which works
to integrate individuals from the “Integration projects” (Chantiers
de /'insertion) program launched by the “Restaurants of the heart”
(Restos du Coeur) organization through internships.

PROLONGING THE WORKING LIVES
OF SENIORS

The Group has developed a proactive career management policy
for seniors.

Close to 30% of the Group's employees worldwide are aged
50 or over. Holding onto these employees, capitalizing on their
vast professional experience and giving them confidence in their
professional future is a major priority for the Group.

More specifically in France, Safran signed an agreement on the
employment of seniors and in 2012 continued to roll out measures
in line with this agreement, mainly including:

. a commitment to avoid age discrimination in the fields of
recruitment, training, compensation and career development;

. the creation of special leave for employees aged 50 and over
to carry out a professional project or work in the voluntary
sector. The special leave is granted for up to six months and
is subsidized by the Company;

. introduction of subsidized part time allowing any willing
employees with ten years’ service in the Company to work
80% of the time and be paid for 90%;

* measures aimed at preventing dangerous or arduous work
and improving working conditions and health of seniors
in the workplace (medical check-ups, remote working
arrangements, etc.);

. other measures also in place aimed at refreshing and
capitalizing on the skills of seniors and improving their career
management opportunities.

These measures were extended by amendment in December 2012

pending Group-level negotiations on France’s new “Generation
contract”.

AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY

AND ENVIRONMENT

5.4.1 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL

POLICY (HSE)

Asan international leader in technology, Safran aims for excellence
in the field of occupational health and safety and the environment,
as well as for its products and services. This reflects the Group's
own values and is consistent with its sustainable development
commitments.

In line with one of its seven values — civic responsibility - Safran is
committed to developing a culture of anticipation and prevention for
managing occupational health and safety and environmental risks
that benefits its employees, partners, suppliers and customers as
well as all communities affected by its operations wherever Safran
is present. Safran is dedicated to strengthening relations with all of
its stakeholders while upholding transparency and reliability.
The objectives defined in this policy, put forward by the Sustainable
Development Department and validated by the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, are in line with the Group's strategic CSR focuses
presented in section 5.1.1:
. always aiming for excellence in safety and the protection of
individuals and property;
. developing innovative products and processes with a lower
environmental impact.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

In 2012, the Group's Sustainable Development Department
continued to spearhead the occupational health and safety and
environmental policy and the implementation of policy fundamentals
defined in 2008 in line with the Group's strategic CSR focuses:

. management of risks and their impacts;

. compliance with Group HSE requirements;

. integration of HSE into day-to-day actions;

. demonstration of HSE leadership;

. consideration of HSE issues in any changes made;
. measurement of HSE performance;

. experience sharing;

. shared supervision.


--- Page 31 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

____ SANTE,
SECURITE AU TRAVAIL
ET ENVIRONNEMENT

CMABUE DATE DU GROUFE STABAGE 8 se con

LA Penroomue cucan x TERE De SANE SURE AB AAR 1 ENNEMEN

STO CEE ESSN DPPREETION

vues
ft et ped ein
sa

S SAFRAN

5.4.1.1 ORGANIZATION

In 2012, the Group consolidated and set its HSE structure,
organizing the Sustainable Development Department into two
major units:

. a Steering unit that comprises three regions (Americas;
Europe-North Africa; Asia-Oceania-Middle East-Sub-
Saharan Africa), thus encompassing all of Safran’s sites
and facilities worldwide. In order to develop local synergies,
each region is broken down into divisions covering several
geographic sites that may belong to different companies;

. a Segments/Programs unit providing assistance to all Group
programs and applications and for external requests from its
partners and stakeholders.

The Sustainable Development Department also calls on local
division coordinators, company specialists, site prevention officers,
occupational health services and a network of decentralized
experts.

The Department's health advisor covers the entire Group to
coordinate occupational health services and prevention and
ergonomics programs.

At Group level, the Sustainable Development Department liaises
with other departments in coordinating overall HSE policy. At
division level, the prevention officers, in conjunction with the
local HSE departments, ensure that improvement programs are
implemented to reduce HSE risks, and also oversee employee

training and awareness-raising programs. Each company
appointed an HSE specialist in charge of guiding and assisting its
management executives. Over 350 prevention officers contribute
to rolling out and improving HSE policy with all Group employees
and stakeholders.

Set up in 2008, a “REACh group” project team (Registration,
Evaluation, Authorisation and restriction of Chemical substances)
draws on the Product Environment Correspondent network to
coordinate all the Group initiatives in this area. This Group-wide
project is overseen by the Group’s Sustainable Development
Department and Industrial Management Department. This dual
supervision gives the project greater operational scope. The role
of the Product Environment Correspondents is to facilitate the
implementation of measures in response to growing environmental
imperatives applicable primarily to products.

5.4.1.2 OBJECTIVES

The Group's HSE policy is underpinned by the international rollout
of Safran HSE risk management programs and guidelines:

. implementing common HSE objectives for all entities aimed
at reducing risks and reinforcing operational control;

. coordinating and improving HSE synergies, which requires
the commitment and involvement of Group and company
departments. Each Chairman adapts the Group's HSE policy
and is involved in its implementation. Each manager initiates
prevention programs adapted to his or her business in order
to achieve the progress objectives.

The Group's HSE objectives are rolled out across Group entities
by the operating divisions, advised and assisted by the relevant
HSE prevention officers. The HSE objectives for 2012 cover the
following areas:

OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH

. Psychosocial risks: based on research conducted with the
University of Liege, targeted action plans were developed to
boost our performance in this area.

. Ergonomics: the Group assessed its requirements in order
to allocate resources accordingly. A Group-wide Ergonomics
program was introduced and an ergonomics specialist hired.

. The EVREST (Assessment of Occupational Health) health
observatory program: data sets on the work and health of
employees are collected and monitored over several years.
Indicators are monitored annually, and specific areas are
subject to quantitative analysis. This helps better understand
the relationship between employee health and work.

OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY

. The frequency rate of occupational accidents resulting in lost
worktime: the 2012 target is a Group value of less than 4.4.
The occupational safety target is adapted to each company
in line with its businesses and past performance and is one
factor that determines the variable portion of compensation
for executive and senior management. The performance of
each manager is also assessed based on an HSE target.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 32 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

. Risk analysis: the TESSE risk analysis system is used in the
United Kingdom, Canada and Morocco.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

. Climate: an assessment of greenhouse gas emissions was
consolidated between 2008 and 2011. In application of
French regulations, the system for measuring and defining
emissions reduction plans was implemented at the sites
concerned. An overview of these plans was reported to
the competent authorities and published on the Company
websites.

. Protection of natural resources: each company draws up a
natural resource conservation plan with measurable targets.

. Chemical risk: the Group's Reaching system improves safety
in introducing new chemicals.

HSE MODERNIZATION

. Group HSE guidelines: these guidelines are rolled out at all
companies. All entities with over 50 employees perform a
self-assessment, which is reported in the SCORE (Safran
COrporate REporting) system. The guidelines cover
ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 requirements.

. Managerial involvement: all operating divisions aim for Level
2 maturity in the management commitment and leadership
standard.

. Professional training: 50 new HSE training programs are
available through Safran Corporate University.

. Local divisions: the program has been launched at all
divisions.

. HSE specialist appointed at each company.

. Acciline: Acciline accident management software is used at
French companies with over 100 employees.

. SCORE: version V6 of Safran’s reporting system is used at all
sites included in the reporting scope. The new version makes
it easier to manage continuous improvement plans.

. CORP (Customized Regulatory Compliance): the system
checks regulatory compliance for French companies.

5.4.1.3 GUIDELINES AND
CERTIFICATIONS

GUIDELINES

Structuring risk management and enhancing performance by
applying the Safran HSE guidelines:

. the guidelines were consolidated in 2012 and currently include
an HSE manual that covers ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001
requirements and 27 HSE standards setting out Safran’s

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

specific requirements. A maturity matrix is used to assess
performance (maturity level) and set specific improvement
targets. Each Group entity evaluates its maturity level on a
1-to-4 scale. The maturity level applies to each standard
assessed. Standards may apply differently depending on
the entity's business activities;

. the Safran HSE guidelines were validated by a third party,
demonstrating its equivalence to the ISO 14001 and OHSAS
18001 standards;

. in 2012, the Safran HSE guidelines were rolled out to all
Group entities;

. labels are attributed according to each entity's maturity
level: bronze (Level 1 for all standards), silver (Level 2 for
all standards) and gold (Level 3 for all standards). In 2012:
— four entities were attributed the bronze label,
- one entity was attributed the silver label.

The Group is aiming for Maturity Level 3 (on a scale of 1 to 4) for
all standards at all entities within three years.

CERTIFICATION AUDITS

At December 31, 2012:
. 39 entities were ISO 14001 certified by a third party;
. 6 entities were OHSAS 18001 certified by a third party;

. 21 entities were certified equivalent to ISO 14001 based on
the Safran HSE guidelines;

. 2 entities were certified equivalent to ISO 14001 and
OHSAS 18001 based on the Safran HSE guidelines;

. 70 inter-company internal audits were carried out in 2012
based on the Safran HSE guidelines. These internal audits
enabled the entities to correct and enhance their HSE
management systems;

. 58 HSE auditors, whose internal certification is kept up to date
and validated by the Sustainable Development Department,
conduct reviews of the Group's facilities in accordance with
the schedule presented at the beginning of the year. All
auditors took four training courses in 2012 for qualification
expertise in the ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 standards and
the Safran guidelines. In 2013, training programs in French
and English will be available.

5.4.1.4 SCOPE

In 2012, the scope of HSE reporting included all entities whose
businesses and products may present HSE risks. The data cover
some 59,205 employees working at 130 entities worldwide.
SCORE has been the reporting database since 2005.

The scope was extended in 2012 to include the Herakles sites.



--- Page 33 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

5.4.2 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

5.4.2.1 HEALTH: “PRESERVE THE
HEALTH OF THE MEN AND
WOMEN WHO CONTRIBUTE TO
THE GROUP’S ACTIVITIES”

Based on a reporting scope of 59,205 employees, the total number
of occupational illnesses reported in 2012 stood at 113. The ratio
of occupational illnesses was 1.9 per thousand employees in 2012
(2.75 in 2011 and 3 in 2010). Similar to previous years, 70% of the
reported occupational illnesses were attributed to musculoskeletal
symptoms (MSS). This level is in line with the nationwide statistics
published for France. The number of illnesses linked to prior
exposure to asbestos remained stable (18 in 2012).

With the Group's increasingly international dimension, expatriate
employees benefit from especially close health monitoring and a
medical assistance provider.

Following the different pandemic alerts (bird flu, swine flu), Safran
devised a health crisis management plan that is updated on a
regular basis. Company crisis manuals and Business Continuity
Plans (BCP) were also created. Campaigns are regularly organized
to raise awareness about crisis management.

Wherever possible, occupational health services roll out the
EVREST health observatory program. The program is currently
applied at 34 Group facilities, covering 80% of the workforce in
France and Belgium. Widely used in France and Belgium, EVREST
allows the Group to compile data on employee occupational health
over time and determine areas for improvement.

For several years, the Group has worked actively to prevent
psychosocial risks in general and occupational stress in particular.
In a number of entities it has rolled out a stress prevention policy
based on a diagnostic review followed by an action plan.

In 2004, the Group introduced a four-step approach to analyzing
psychosocial risks (stress) consisting of:

. setting up an analysis of ways to prevent psychosocial risks,
securing the involvement of site and line managers as well as
trade unions and forming a steering committee to supervise
this initiative;

. training the steering committee members in psychosocial
risks and raising employee awareness;

. performing diagnostic reviews of psychosocial risks using the
Working Conditions and Control Questionnaire© (WOCCQ). A
framework agreement was signed with the University of Liege,
a pioneering figure in this area and the brains behind the
WOCCQ. Sites with few staff that do not have the resources
to roll out such tools can draw on internal questionnaires or
the EVREST health observatory for their diagnostic reviews;

. performing analyses and implementing action plans. These
may be global, cross-functional or by sector and result from
the work of sector-based focus groups.

On January 19, 2011, the Group signed an agreement on stress

prevention in the workplace with five trade unions representing the

Group's employees in France. This agreement plans to:

. roll out the occupational stress prevention program to all
Group facilities;

. round out the approach with:

—  awareness-raising and/or training for all those involved
as well as managers,

— initiatives to detect and care for employees suffering
from stress.

This agreement also provides for an extension of existing measures
to protect employee health and assistance with changes in the
organization as part of a change enablement program.

In 2012, 55 sites used the WOCCQ, covering over 35,000 employees
in France and Belgium. UK, German and Canadian sites performed
similar analyses using adapted methodology. More than 3,000
managers have benefited from awareness-raising campaigns or
training on occupational stress management since the program
was initiated in 2011. Over 1,700 employees were involved
in awareness-raising campaigns in application of the Group
agreement in 2012.

5.4.2.2 SAFETY: “PRESERVE THE
SAFETY OF THE MEN AND
WOMEN WHO CONTRIBUTE
TO THE GROUP’S ACTIVITIES”

ACCIDENT ANALYSIS AND PREVENTION

The frequency rate of occupational accidents resulting in lost
worktime changed little between 2005 and 2008, falling within a
narrow range of 6 to 7. The Group aims to halve this rate over the
period 2009-2013, for a performance of 3.3 in 2013.

Based on a safety reporting scope of 59,205 employees, the
number of occupational accidents resulting in lost worktime (362
recorded over 12 months) fell considerably in 2012 (down 20%
like-for-like on 2011, following a 15% drop between 2010 and
2011). The frequency rate of occupational accidents resulting in
lost worktime came out at 3.5 (down 30%) versus the 2012 target
of 4.4, while the severity rate fell 23%.

A detailed weekly report on accidents resulting in lost worktime
that occurred during the week was added to the regular reporting
submitted to Executive Management in 2012. An in-depth analysis
of the most significant accidents is also submitted to Executive
Management on a regular basis.

Safran deplores one fatal occupational accident in 2012 that
occurred while the employee was on duty.

2010 2011 2012

Frequency rate 6.2 5.0 3.5
Severity rate 0.19 0.18 0.14

Frequency rate: Number of accidents resulting in more than 24 hours of lost
worktime per million hours worked.

Severity rate: Number of days’ sick leave as a result of occupational accidents
per thousand hours worked.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 34 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

RISK ASSESSMENT

In 2007, the Safran Group approved TESSE, a tool to appraise
workstations risk and track employee exposure. The application
was used at all French sites in 2010 and 2011. At the end of 2012,
the application had been rolled out at 58 Safran sites in France
and the rest of the world. This represents an important approach
towards improving the understanding, analysis, use and traceability
of HSE data.

In 2012, an English version of the application was released, and the
system went live at Group sites in the UK, Canada and Morocco.

ERGONOMICS

After implementing tools to analyze the ergonomics of workstations,
the Group offers the sites the training necessary to their rollout, in
order to increase the focus placed on ergonomics in the analysis
of workstation risks and reduce any arduousness or danger at
workstations as much as possible. An ergonomics rollout program
was introduced in 2012 and is overseen at Group level. Ergonomics
is covered in the Safran HSE guidelines and represents one of the
Group's top HSE priorities.

FIRE PROTECTION AND PREVENTION

Since 2007, the Sustainable Development Department has been
working with an international fire protection and prevention firm to
update the Group's fire risk map, under a multi-annual contract
that was renewed for 2013. It covers 77 of the Group's main sites
worldwide.

Under the past agreement which covered 2010-2012, 89 audits
were performed throughout Safran sites, including 29 in 2012. The
sites receive technical assistance from the Group in terms of fire
prevention: over 285 site requests have been handled, of which 89
in 2012, representing 800 hours of assistance.

These include 68 reviews of existing fire protection and prevention
initiatives, of which 22 in 2012, and of new investments in buildings

5.4.3, ENVIRONMENT

or facilities to equip them with automatic sprinklers. The fire
prevention policy was updated in 2012, with the specific stipulation
that any investment of over €20 million must include the installation
of a fire protection sprinkler system.

Since 2007, 1,063 recommendations have been issued, of which
166 in 2012.

The IT application for managing this risk allows each site, company
and the Group via consolidation, to:

. identify, assess and understand potential risks and damage;

. identify and assess the remedial and preventive measures
taken to manage these risks;

. address any recommendations made;

* manage improvements;

. define the strategy for mitigating identified risks.

TRAINING

A number of general and/or technical training programs are
dispensed in all areas of HSE and available to all categories of
employees. In 2012, over 17,000 employees took HSE training,
totaling more than 120,000 hours (9% of the Group's total number
of training hours). Over 130 Group-wide programs were available
through Safran Corporate University in 2012.

Several initiatives were also undertaken in 2012:

. 14 sessions provided training for 203 managers on the
ongoing HSE improvement drive. This training was held in
French, English, Spanish and Portuguese and took place
in France, Brazil, Germany, the United States, Canada,
Singapore and China. Since 2006, 625 managers have
received training on the Group's HSE policy.

This training will continue in 2013 in France and abroad.

. A two-day forum in March 2012 brought over 150 HSE
prevention officers together to share their experience.

5.4.3.1 PRODUCTS AND PROCESSES

Safran handles all environmental and health risks as part of its
ongoing HSE improvement drive. These include risks related to
industrial production as well as risks resulting from the use of
its products on the market. Risks are assessed at every stage
of the products’ lifecycle from design to end-of-use and/or
decommissioning. Safran enforces a continuous improvement
policy to protect the environment and manage environmental risks.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Rules governing the choice and use of chemical substances are
defined in Group procedures and are sent to all Group suppliers.
Since 2009, the Group has been harmonizing its procedures in
line with its guidelines on the selection of chemical substances in
order to devise a list of processes applicable to any new program.
A committee was set up to approve and oversee Group policy on
the introduction and use of chemicals. Eco-design is covered in the
Safran HSE guidelines to integrate safety requirements and product
reliability along with the development of eco-friendly products.


--- Page 35 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

As part of its medium-term HSE objectives, the Group defined the
following environmental goals in 2008 (reference year):

. 5% reduction in energy consumption or replacement with
renewable energies;

. 10% reduction in waste, excluding metallic chips;

. 10% reduction in waste sent to landfill;

. 15% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions.

These objectives are still being pursued. Companies have been

asked to draw up a natural resource conservation plan with
measurable targets in line with their activities.

5.4.3.2 ECO-DESIGN

In response to environmental challenges such as climate change,
resource shortages or the use of chemicals, Safran is mobilized to
promote sustainable development in the Aerospace, Defence and
Security sectors. In partnership with its customers, the Group is
involved in large-scale French and European programs to develop
more environmentally friendly products.

Integrating health, safety and environmental factors into design
is crucial in leading this campaign. As such, by using eco-design
tools, the Group can evolve towards products with a significantly
reduced environmental impact.

The Turbomeca TM800 is a concrete example of this approach.
The TM800, a future, new generation helicopter engine, is the
culmination of extensive R&D efforts to develop a new, more efficient

architecture, choose new, more health- and environmentally-friendly
materials and substantially reduce fuel consumption and noise
pollution. Other products derived through eco-design include:
ever more fuel efficient engines developed over the past 40 years,
the LEAP engine to replace the CFM56 as the future engine for
single-aisle jets, thrust reversers, Aircelle nacelles and Morpho’s
new SIM card, SIMply Green.

Environmental factors are not only integrated into product design,
but also the construction of new buildings (Coriolis in Montlugon
and César in Buchelay) and improvements to existing processes
(foundry in Gennevilliers).

5.4.3.3 REDUCING GREENHOUSE GAS
EMISSIONS

Three Group companies, classified as combustion facilities (boilers
for industrial use and heating installations, cracking furnaces) with
a rated thermal input exceeding 20MW, were concerned by the
allocation of greenhouse gas emissions allowances for the 2008
to 2012 period.

The decline in emissions at Snecma (Villaroche) reflects the reduced
use of its co-generation facility. Messier-Bugatti-Dowty’s direct
CO, emissions relate to its carbon-based materials manufacturing
processes and not chiefly to combustion processes. The
greenhouse gas emissions produced by Herakles (Saint-Médard-
en-Jalles) come from the industrial heating systems used in utility
processes.

CO,emissions CO, emissions 2008-2012

reported in reported in annual

2010 2011 allowance

Company Location Activity (metric tons) (metric tons) (metric tons)

Snecma Villaroche (France) Manufacture of engines 9,820 11,586 27,918

Messier-Bugatti-Dowty Villeurbanne (France) Manufacture of carbon brakes 41,271 11,393 22,722

Herakles Saint-Médard-en-Jalles | Manufacture of propellants 17,042 14,716 17,370
(France)

TOTAL 38,133 37,695 68,010

5.4.3.4 SCOPE 1 AND SCOPE 2
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

In accordance with its aim of fighting global warming, Safran
measures its carbon footprint and energy consumption in scopes
tand 2.

In 2009, the Group measured the carbon footprint of 65 key
facilities. The results were used as a basis for the three-year action
plan (2009 to 2011). The materials purchased to manufacture
Group products represented 50% of greenhouse gas emissions.
As for the remaining 50%, the Group activities that leave the largest
carbon footprint are energy consumption, freight and employee
travel (in decreasing order of importance).

In 2010, an initiative was launched to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions at key facilities and each site was asked to propose
action plans. The Group's Sustainable Development Department
selected proposals submitted by 16 sites covering a total of
47 action plans, including 14 energy saving plans, 12 freight impact
reduction plans and 12 industrial waste treatment plans.

In 2010, four additional sites were added to the 65 sites already
committed to carbon footprint reduction: Fougéres (France) for
Sagem Industries, Osny (France), Flintbek (Germany) and Taubate
(Brazil) for Morpho.

Anew carbon footprint campaign covering 69 sites was launched
in 2011 to improve data management and prepare the Group to
meet France's Grenelle 2 environmental requirements.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 36 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

In this year's publication, data on greenhouse gas emissions are
reported in metric tons of CO, equivalent and cover direct emissions
(scope 1) and indirect emissions from energy consumption
(scope 2). 2010 serves as the reference year, in accordance with
regulations in force. Data were collected in 2011 in line with legal
requirements and Group methodology introduced in 2008. Figures
were taken from energy bills or meter readings. Data cover the
French facilities of the Group's tier-one entities. Herakles was not
taken into account as it was not included in the Group's scope of
consolidation in 2010.

Each company has initiated a three-year action plan for scopes 1
and 2 to focus on optimizing heating, lighting, and office systems
and processes. Cooling systems are covered in separate monitoring
and reduction plans. The data collection scope encompasses
Safran entities in France included in the assessment of greenhouse
gas emissions (headcount of 31,478). 2011 data cover the
worldwide scope (headcount of 47,983).

SCOPE 1 SCOPE 2

(Eq. tCO,/employee) (Eq. t CO,/employee)

Safran 2010 (France) 47 5.4
Safran 2011 (World) 4.3 3.0

5.4.3.5 ADAPTING TO CLIMATE
CHANGE

The Group believes that its business activities and the location of
its operations do not expose it to climate change risks and has
therefore not defined a specific strategy on adapting to climate
change. However, climate change is considered one of the natural
risks discussed in section 5.4.3.13.

5.4.3.6 ASBESTOS

The Group is concerned by asbestos legislation, in terms of
both the protection of users of its products and the protection of
employees and service providers.

Replacement solutions have been implemented for products
containing asbestos that are marketed by Group companies.

With respect to the presence of materials containing asbestos in
buildings, since 1997 several specialized firms have investigated
and assessed asbestos risks, according to the nature and condition
of such materials. These investigations covered non-friable
materials, thereby anticipating future legal requirements.

Additional investigations on equipment were carried out to check
for asbestos-based materials. Any necessary replacement is
handled in accordance with current legislation and standards. All
risks identified have either been treated by direct removal or are
subject to monitoring programs, in accordance with regulations in
the countries in which the facilities are located.

This issue is tracked in the Safran HSE guidelines that have been
rolled out across the Group.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

5.4.3.7 CONDITION OF SOIL AND
GROUNDWATER

The Group has enlisted independent experts to perform studies
and analyses to assess any potential risk of soil and groundwater
pollution at its industrial facilities. Preventive or rehabilitation
measures are implemented wherever necessary.

In connection with the acquisition of SME, Safran entered into an
environmental guarantee agreement with SNPE for the treatment
of pollution resulting from past operations at the Bouchet Research
Center, Saint-Médard-en-Jalles and Toulouse facilities (all France).
The agreement provides for two scoping and analysis phases over
18 months, and a five-year work phase. The French Directorate
General for Health (Direction générale de la santé - DGS) and
the French Agency for Food, Environmental and Occupational
Health and Safety (Agence nationale de sécurité sanitaire de
l'alimentation, de |’environnement et du travail - ANSES) issued a
recommendation setting the threshold for ammonium perchlorate
in water at 4 ppb/liter. To remain below the threshold, some water
supply sources around the Saint-Médard-en-Jalles site were shut
down. In application of additional local legislation in 2012, the Saint-
Médard-en-Jalles and Toulouse entities drafted water management
plans in line with France's national methodology for polluted sites
and soil. The Saint-Médard-en-Jalles facility collects wash water
and process wastewater for biological treatment. The Toulouse
site operates a perchlorate production unit that recycles process
wastewater and where shop flooring was waterproofed.

The Sustainable Development Department carries out environmental
reviews of buildings, activities, soil and groundwater at each site
and contributes to the due diligence for disposals and acquisitions
of assets. These reviews also encompass the HSE risk appraisal
procedure.

5.4.3.8 HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES

For several years, the reduction and elimination of hazardous
substances in the products and processes implemented in Group
companies has been a key area for progress in the Group's HSE
policy. A specific structure and resources were deployed in 2008
to ensure compliance with new regulations relating to dangerous
substances.

In 2010, in addition to work on compliance with REACh regulations,
the measures taken included:

. designing and deploying guidelines on the use of dangerous
chemical substances that incorporate different regulations
and techniques in the Aerospace, Defence and Security
sectors;

. preparing the standard relating to the most critical
substances from a Group perspective, using original, rigorous
methodology;

. consolidating the database (REACHING) for all substances
used by the Group;

. requesting information from suppliers on the chemical content
of products they deliver to Safran;


--- Page 37 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

. developing and rolling out replacement solutions for
substances deemed as critical in liaison with the different
departments involved: the Materials and Procedures,
Purchasing, Quality and Technical departments, etc.

European CLP (Classification Labelling Packaging) regulations
concerning dangerous substances and mixtures came into force
in 2010, and the Group prepared a multi-annual action plan for
training employees and raising their awareness of chemical hazards.
Applications have been updated, communication initiatives have
been stepped up and the necessary changes have been identified
and implemented. In 2010, the different Group companies notified
the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) of substances placed
on the market pursuant to regulatory requirements. In 2011 and
2012, Safran focused on consolidating all the measures initiated
in 2010 and updating them to incorporate any regulatory changes,
particularly in REACh regulations.

In 2012, the Group set up a committee on the introduction of
chemicals.

5.4.3.9 WASTE

Waste resulting from industrial or tertiary activities is classified
into two main categories: ordinary non-hazardous industrial
waste and hazardous industrial waste. Waste may be recycled
and transformed, stored or incinerated. The main companies
producing large amounts of hazardous industrial waste (in excess of
1,000 metric tons per year) are Snecma (Corbeil and Gennevilliers),
Herakles (Toulouse), Messier-Bugatti-Dowty (Bidos, Walton,
Montreal), Turbomeca (Tarnos).

(metric tons/employee) 2010 2011

Ordinary waste" 0.41 0.37 0.36
Hazardous industrial waste”! 0.41 0.40 0.43
Transformed ordinary waste” 0.16 0.17 0.16
Transformed hazardous industrial waste* 0.05 0.07 0.09

(1) Headcount covered: 51,342 employees.
(2) Headcount covered: 55,466 employees.
*” Energy recovery and recycling.

Waste
(% of total processed)

2010 anit ||

Percentage recycled
Percentage transformed into energy

Percentage sent to landfill

34 38 31
50 44 38
16 18 30

5.4.3.10 WATER CONSUMPTION,
MEASURES FOR IMPROVEMENT
AND AQUEOUS DISCHARGES

The majority of Safran industrial processes (excluding Herakles)
have little or no impact on water quality. Processing effluents
that could represent a risk are discharged into surface water via
treatment plants that are constantly monitored. In the absence of a
treatment plant, they are collected and treated as industrial waste.
Several French sites are governed by legislation and covered by
additional local regulations concerning the discharge of hazardous
substances into water.

Most of the Group's facilities mainly use drinking water. Total water
consumption per employee increased in 2012 with the inclusion of
the Herakles facilities, which are heavy water consumers.

Large volumes of water are used to produce carbon-carbon brake
disks and pads, resulting in high ratios for Messier-Bugatti-Dowty
in Villeurbanne (France) and Messier-Bugatti USA in Walton (United
States).

The largest water consumers in 2012 were Turbomeca in
Bordes and Herakles in Toulouse (both in France), a direct result
of their production processes (cooling test cells, perchlorate
manufacturing). Excluding surface water, which is essentially used
in processes, water consumption per employee stood at 54 cu.m.

Water ® 2010 2011 pm]
(cu.m/employee)

Water supply network 28 26 26
Surface water 28 26 82
Groundwater 34 32 28
TOTAL SAFRAN GROUP 90 84 136

(1) Headcount covered: 57,208 employees.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 38 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ AIMING FOR EXCELLENCE IN HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT /

5.4.3.11 ENERGY CONSUMPTION,
MEASURES FOR IMPROVEMENT
AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY

Electricity is the prime energy source, representing almost half of
total energy consumption, followed by natural gas. Premises are
mainly heated by natural gas. Hydrocarbons are used less and less
for heating and are now reserved for engine testing and backup
equipment.

Energy
(metric tons of oil equivalent/employee)

The following table does not include the energy impact of
transporting goods.

The conversion factor used for electricity consumption (1 MWh
= 0.0859 metric tons of oil equivalent) is taken from “The new
methodology for preparing energy consumption reports in France”
published in February 2002.

The Safran Group’s per-employee energy intensity was down 14%
in 2012 compared with 2011, despite higher business volumes.

2010 2011 2012

Electricity”
Gas excluding use as a raw material and in industrial processes

Fuel excluding heavy fuel oil and heating oil
(1) Headcount covered: 57,169 employees.

(2) Headcount covered: 54,721 employees.
(3) Not including transport. Headcount covered: 58,385 employees.

5.4.3.12 CLASSIFIED FACILITIES

1.45 1.38 1.37
1.39 1.16 0.92
0.42 0.34 0.27

5.4.3.13 NATURAL RISKS

SEVESO FACILITIES (HIGH-HAZARD THRESHOLD)

Eight of Safran’s facilities in France fell within the high-hazard
threshold of the Seveso Directive in 2012: Snecma (Vernon),
Messier-Bugatti-Dowty (Molsheim), Turbomeca (Bordes), Herakles
(Saint-Médard-en-Jalles, Toulouse, the Bouchet Research Center,
St Héléne and Candale). These sites comply with and apply
prevailing legislation: Security Management System (Systeme
de Gestion de la Sécurité - SGS), Internal Operations Plan (Plan
d'Opération Interne - POl), Technological Risk Prevention Plans
(Plans de Prévention des Risques Technologiques - PPRT), etc.

FACILITIES CLASSIFIED FOR ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION (INSTALLATIONS CLASSEES
POUR L’ENVIRONNEMENT - ICPE)

A number of entities operate facilities that are subject to
authorization, declaration or registration requirements in line with
French legislation.

In accordance with French laws, some of these facilities (under
Seveso or ICPE classifications) are required to establish financial

guarantees so that the site will meet safety standards if the business
is discontinued.

5.4.4 CONCLUSIONS

The Safran HSE guidelines cover these natural risks in the
environment/permit/neighborhood standard. Maturity Level 2
requires entities to assess the impact of these risks (see
section 5.4.1.3).

5.4.3.14 BIODIVERSITY

The Group has made a commitment to comply with the
environmental regulations in effect for all of its development
projects. Safran occasionally carries out analyses to determine
the impact of its activities on local biodiversity for the purpose of
obtaining a license.

5.4.3.15 LAND USE

Although it seeks to optimize their use, Safran is not directly
involved in extracting natural resources.

Moreover, the Group takes into consideration the issue of artificial
land use in its development.

In 2012, Safran improved its results in accident analysis and
prevention, reducing the frequency rate of occupational accidents
resulting in lost worktime* by approximately 30% and the severity
rate™ by 23% compared with 2011.

The Group did not record any significant environmental accidents

with an impact on health or the environment in 2012. Environmental
factors improved or stabilized, despite higher business volumes.

This demonstrates the effectiveness of the plans and initiatives
implemented by the Group over the past few years and its steadfast
commitment to the sustainable development of its businesses.
In addition to the examples mentioned above, other measures
include intercompany travel plans, recycling carbon fiber scraps,
biodegradation of propellants, an electricity-saving project,
replacing equipment and optimizing energy use at sites, etc.

* Frequency rate: Number of accidents resulting in more than 24 hours of lost worktime per millon hours worked.

* Severity rate: Number of days’ sick leave as a result of occupational accidents per thousand hours worked.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 39 ---

Safran continues to be involved in several major initiatives outside
the Group:

. Safran is a founding member of the International Aerospace
Environmental Group (IAEG), whose prime objectives include
setting shared environmental standards for the international
aerospace industry and heightening the reliability of the
logistics chain;

. Safran participates in a number of European programs (Clean
Sky, SESAR, PAMELA, etc.) that aim to substantially improve
the environmental performance of air transport over the full
life cycle;

. Safran is involved in a number of strategic organizations
such as the Civil Aviation Research Council (CORAC) and
the Advisory Council for Aviation Research and Innovation
in Europe (ACARE).

The Safran Group is also a stalwart member of the French

Aerospace Industries Association (GIFAS) which provides a forum

for various professional associations and public institutions to:

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ INVOLVING OUR SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS /

. focus on the implementation and consequences of EU
regulations such as REACh and CLP;

. draft professional guides (namely on performing assessments
of greenhouse gas emissions that cover radiation protection);

° find substitutes for chemicals;

. promote occupational safety (radiation protection, dangerous
or arduous work, etc.).

Safran will pursue its HSE objectives in the years to come:

. strengthening managerial involvement through the Group
guidelines;

. developing and rolling out the ergonomics program;

. reducing the frequency rate of accidents resulting in lost
worktime and work-related travel accidents;

. completing its organizational changes;
. targeting environmental measures for each company.

INVOLVING OUR SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS

5.5.1 SOCIALLY RESPONSIBLE PURCHASING

The Group's purchasing policy is perfectly in line with its CSR policy.
It is rolled out:

. in compliance with the Group's Ethical Guidelines and best
practices set out in its mediation guidelines;

. in compliance with Safran’s commitments with ministries,
organizations and other partners;

. through close cooperation among Group companies, a
Safran purchasing network and culture, smooth coordination
among all Group members in contact with suppliers and the
involvement of the purchasing team in all product life-cycle
phases.

This rollout includes:

. a “Purchasing and CSR” project launched in 2012 to:

- assess the degree of CSR development in purchasing
organizations within the Group,
- capitalize on company feedback,

- identify priority purchasing categories and develop the
corresponding action plans,

- provide training for about one hundred buyers and
decision-makers on CSR principles;

. Safran Buyers’ Day, an event organized in October 2012
to encourage buyers to continue their work to turn our
purchasing policy into a competitive advantage, while
maintaining balanced relations with our suppliers.

The measures taken by Safran (application of the European
REACh directive, raw materials recycling, purchasing from ESAT
[employment assistance organizations for the disabled], purchase
of eco-labeled office supplies, IT equipment recycling, fleet of
electric vehicles, etc.) are currently being rolled out. In 2013 we
will also assess our suppliers’ CSR performance and ask them to
sign a CSR charter.

Given the growing importance of the French industrial fabric in the
Group's activities, Safran joined the association Pacte PME in its
commitment to supporting the development of French SMEs, in
particular innovative companies. The Group is also a member of
its Board of Directors.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 40 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ INVESTING IN CORPORATE SPONSORSHIP /

5.9.2 SUB-CONTRACTING

Like other industrial groups, Safran uses sub-contractors. Sub-
contracting generally comes in one of three forms:

. cooperation sub-contracting, consisting of activities entrusted
to major partners at the request of the customer;

. specialty sub-contracting of activities for which the Group
does not possess the necessary expertise, for technical or
economic reasons;

Safran boasts an active corporate sponsorship policy that is
implemented:

. either through one of its two corporate foundations;

. or directly by the Group, through solidarity initiatives led with
prestigious public and private partners.

. capacity sub-contracting, corresponding to maximum sizing
of Group production and development and based around
cyclical activities.

INVESTING IN CORPORATE SPONSORSHIP

Since 2005, Safran has supported nearly 400 projects through its
sponsorship policy.

All of its sponsorship programs champion two major issues: social
cohesion and equal opportunities.

5.6.1 SAFRAN CORPORATE FOUNDATION FOR INTEGRATION

Set up in 2005, the Foundation is devoted to the social and
professional integration of young adults with a physical, mental
or social disability.

The Foundation's Board of Directors places the long-term results
for those who benefit from initiatives as the prime focus in its choice
of programs.

Most of the Foundation’s action concerns France, although some
high-leverage partnerships have also been established in other
countries: in Morocco with the organization EMA which develops
schools in underprivileged areas of Casablanca, in Brazil with the
International Youth Foundation which promotes the employment
of young high-risk individuals, and in India with the organization
Namasté which promotes the professional integration of women
with no income.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

Safran employees are increasingly encouraged to further their
involvement in the Foundation through projects implemented in
collaboration with Group and company HR departments. Two
significant examples include:

. the program led with the Frateli Association to offer
increasingly operational and diversified guidance to high-
potential students from underprivileged backgrounds
through program mentors, who are highly experienced Safran
employees;

. the multi-year project to design innovative wheelchairs,
launched in the summer of 2011 in partnership with the
Fondation Garches and different engineering and design
schools (Centrale Lyon, ISTY, Strate College), with the
involvement of Safran staff, essentially engineers. The short-
term goal is to design one or more prototypes, after which
the project's partners plan to produce and market one of
the models.


--- Page 41 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ INVESTING IN CORPORATE SPONSORSHIP /

5.6.2 SAFRAN CORPORATE FOUNDATION FOR MUSIC

The Foundation was created in 2004 and supports young, The Foundation also participates in organizing music events and
particularly promising musicians in their training and professional contests to win the “Safran Corporate Foundation for Music Award”,
development through scholarships in France or abroad, assistance which went to the pianist Guillaume Vincent in 2012.

in buying an instrument, financing music recording projects, etc.

5.6.3 SOLIDARITY SPONSORSHIP

Since 2008, the Group has lent its support to a number of solidarity — the French Embassy in the United States: a multi-year
programs that are jointly implemented with the Sponsoring partnership formed in 2011 with the embassy’s cultural
Department. departments to organize concerts to promote young

virtuosos both at prestigious Washington D.C. venues

These programs feature two fundamental dimensions:
and on tours at US universities,

. combining both social and cultural aspects;

- the Duke Ellington School for the Arts, a public
high school in Washington, D.C.: support for the
establishment's dual objective to foster excellence

- the Ministry of National Education: annual concerts at (exceptional talent) and solidarity (students from
the Salle Gaveau for around 700 students from schools disadvantaged backgrounds),
in disadvantaged neighborhoods in the Paris region,
accompanied by their teachers and senior management
from the ministry,

. encouraging sound, long-term partnerships with prestigious
public and private establishments, such as:

- Mexico City Papalote Museum: program initiated with
the Mexican Ministry of Education.

Each initiative is promoted internally and externally through Safran’s

~_ the Orchestre de Alliance (Alliance Orchestra): support intranet and website, as well as other communication media.

for major national causes as part of the Saisons de la - a
Solidarité (Seasons of Solidarity) program, with concerts A brochure in French and English is published annually, and updates

at the Salle Gaveau; all proceeds are donated (in 2012 on initiatives are provided several times a year in an electronic
the donations were made to the AFM [French Muscular newsletter (in French and English), which is sent to the Group's
Dystrophy Association] Telethon), staff and main external contacts.

Safran employees are increasingly involved in these programs, both

- the French Senate and the French Ministry for Urban
in France and around the world.

Affairs: the Talents des Cités (Inner-city Talent) initiative
sponsored by Safran since 2011 to support young
entrepreneurs from underprivileged neighborhoods,

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 42 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY AND STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT /

CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY

AND STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT

5.7.1 METHODOLOGY NOTE ON LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY AND
ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) REPORTING

The labor and HSE indicators in this section have been defined
by experts from the Group's support functions and businesses.

As part of its ongoing improvement drive, Safran is gradually
introducing a set of labor and HSE indicators that meet legal
obligations and follow the changes in the Group and its businesses.

The indicators and reporting period presented herein cover the
2012 calendar year, from January 1 to December 31, unless
otherwise indicated.

Safran has elected to have a selection of its labor and HSE
indicators reviewed by the Statutory Auditors, Ernst & Young Audit
and Mazars, in accordance with the CSR reporting requirements
set out in article 225 of the Grenelle 2 Act and its implementing
legislation.

The nature and scope of the work of the Statutory Auditors, and
their conclusions, are presented in the Statutory Auditors’ report
in section 5.7.2.

5.7.1.1 REPORTING SCOPE

LABOR INDICATORS

The labor reporting scope covers Safran and all of its subsidiaries
in which the Group has more than 50% direct or indirect control,
excluding joint ventures (companies controlled jointly by Safran and
another group), unless otherwise indicated below.

The labor indicators at December 31, 2012 cover all subsidiaries
from all business lines included in the reporting scope.

Indicators on training, work-study programs, internships, disabled

workers and absenteeism only pertain to France, but the Group is
working to expand the reporting scope of these indicators.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

HSE INDICATORS

The HSE reporting scope encompasses Safran and some of its
subsidiaries in which the Group has more than 50% direct or
indirect control. The scope covers the health and safety issues of
130 entities (including the Herakles entities), totaling 59,205 Group
employees and representing 95% of the Group’s workforce
(62,558 employees). Adjustments may have been made to the
scope of each indicator in line with its relevance for the entity and
the entity's ability to provide data.

CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

Changes in scope are due to acquisitions, the set-up of new
companies, disposals, liquidations or changes in subsidiary
investments. The following rules were defined for labor and HSE
indicators:

. acquisition: data on the acquired entity are included in the
consolidation scope at the date on which control is acquired
by the Group;

. set-up: data on the new entity are included in the scope as
of the inception date;

. disposal/liquidation: data on the entity sold or liquidated are
excluded from the consolidation scope at the actual disposal
or liquidation date.

Reporting systems must be implemented for set-ups and
acquisitions. Additional time may therefore be required for
consolidated reporting.


--- Page 43 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY AND STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT /

5.7.1.2 DATA COLLECTION

Labor and HSE indicators are based on several data collection
systems used by the Group. Each system falls under the
responsibility of a specific department.

LABOR INDICATORS.

Employee data are reported on a quarterly basis, with the exception
of data on absenteeism, which are reported monthly.

Employee data are collected at each subsidiary controlled directly
by Safran (tier-one entities). These tier-one entities are responsible
for collecting the employee data from their respective subsidiaries
in which they have over 50% control. Data reported in the scope
of France derive from the same reporting system, Cognos RH,
which is updated through a common pay system used by all
subsidiaries. International employee data are collected using a
standard model. The Group’s Human Resources Department
consolidates employee data for French and international companies
based on the information reported by tier-one entities, following
consistency checks.

HSE INDICATORS

Safety indicators are reported on a monthly basis, while health
and environmental indicators are reported on an annual basis.
Health and safety data published in 2012 correspond to the data
available at the end of the year. Environmental data are published on
arolling year basis from October 1, 2011 to September 30, 2012.
Scope 1 and 2 data on greenhouse gas emissions correspond
to the stabilized 2010 data for French entities, in order to meet
regulations in effect. Scope 1 and 2 data for 2011 cover operations
worldwide, including France. 2012 data will be compiled in 2013.

Data are entered by representatives appointed at each entity in
the special SCORE (Safran Corporate Reporting) data collection
system. Data are validated and checked under the supervision
of the head of the entity. The Group's Sustainable Development
Department is responsible for consolidating data. Indicators are
defined in SCORE, which has been rolled out Group-wide since
2005.

5.7.1.3 DETAILS ON CERTAIN
INDICATORS

The definitions of labour indicators, presented below, are provided
in the model used worldwide and available for representatives.

The definitions and calculation methods of HSE indicators are
provided in the reporting system available for representatives. The
main assumptions are presented below by group.

HEADCOUNT

The headcount includes all employees under permanent or fixed-
term employment contracts covered in the scope. Employees
are counted in terms of individuals and at the end of the month.
Headcount excludes other types of contracts such as work-study
contracts, industrial agreements for training through research
(Conventions industrielles de Formation par la Recherche —
CIFRE), Diplomas of Technology Research (Dipiéme de Recherche
Technologique — DRT) or seasonal employment contracts.

The data on the employee age pyramid cover 96% of Safran’s
workforce, as some subsidiaries qualify this information as
confidential when it applies to a very small number of employees.

MANAGERIAL GRADE STAFF (MANAGERS AND.
ENGINEERS)/EMPLOYEES,

Employees identified as managerial grade staff (managers and

engineers):

. coordinate a set of resources (equipment, human, financial)
placed under their charge, with the degree of independence
and responsibility required to achieve targets. Management
may oversee a team, projects, a process, a technique or a
customer or supplier portfolio;

. and/or hold an engineering degree from a university or
specialized selective higher-education establishment.
Engineers are essentially responsible for solving technological
issues related to the design, manufacture or application
of products, systems or services, primarily in R&D and
production.

All other employees who are not identified as managers or engineers
fall into the “Employees” category.

EXTERNAL RECRUITMENT

External recruitment refers to hiring new employees from outside
the Group on fixed-term or permanent employment contracts. It
does not include acquisitions or other types of contracts (work-
study contracts, CIFRE, DRT or seasonal employment contracts).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 44 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY AND STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT /

PERMANENT DEPARTURES

A permanent departure (dismissal, resignation, retirement, end
of fixed-term contract and other) refers to any employee who
leaves the Group scope, excluding disposals of businesses and
the termination of other types of contracts (work-study contracts,
CIFRE, DRT or seasonal employment contracts).

REPLACEMENT RATE

The replacement rate is determined by dividing external new hires
by permanent departures.

ABSENTEEISM

As defined by the social performance assessment, absenteeism
corresponds to the total number of paid or unpaid hours absent
(illness, occupational accidents, work-related travel accidents,
maternity leave, contractual leave for family events, parental leave,
leave for sick children, absence due to other causes, strikes, etc.)
divided by the theoretical number of hours worked.

Data pertain to France, excluding SME and its subsidiaries, AES
and SLCA for the 2012 calendar year.

DISABLED WORKERS

This indicator includes employees declared as disabled workers
in France, excluding work-study contracts, as defined by article
L.5212-13 of the French Labor Code (Code du travail) and
articles 394 and 395 of the French Code of Military Pensions (Code
des pensions militaires).

WORK-STUDY CONTRACTS AND INTERNSHIPS.

This indicator includes work-study contracts (apprenticeships and
professional training contracts) and internships established in 2012
in France.

TRAINING

The indicator on training hours covers all types of training in
France, including individual training entitlements (Droit Individuel
a la Formation — DIF).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

ACCIDENT ANALYSIS AND PREVENTION

The frequency rate of occupational accidents equals the number
of accidents resulting in the equivalent of one day or more of lost
worktime per million hours worked.

The severity rate corresponds to the number of days’ sick leave
as a result of occupational accidents per thousand hours worked.

The hours worked used for the calculation correspond to actual
hours worked.

CO, EMISSIONS

Emissions refer to scope 1 and 2 as defined in article 75 of
the Grenelle 2 Act, covering 31,478 employees in 2010 and
47,983 employees in 2011.

TRAINING ON OCCUPATIONAL STRESS

The figure of 3,000 managers trained on occupational stress
management was estimated based on the number of conferences,
each attended by 50 to 80 participants, and the number of training
sessions, each attended by 10 to 15 participants, since the program
was launched in 2011.

EVREST

The Evrest program was only rolled out in France and Belgium in
2012. The indicator covers sites involved in the program for more
than one year.

WASTE

Categories of waste are defined according to local regulations.
In order to harmonize reporting practices across the Group, non-
contaminated metallic chips are reported separately.

WATER

Reported water consumption involves three types of sources:

. the water supply network refers to water supplied through a
public or private operator;

. surface water refers to water pumped directly from the
surface of the natural environment (river, lake, etc.);

. groundwater refers to water pumped directly from the water
table.


--- Page 45 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY AND STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT /

5.7.2 INDEPENDENT VERIFIERS’ ATTESTATION AND ASSURANCE
REPORT ON SOCIAL, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIETAL

INFORMATION

This is a free translation into English of the original report
issued in the French language and it is provided solely for the
convenience of English speaking users. This report should be read
in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law
and professional standards applicable in France.

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012

To Executive Management,

Pursuant to your request and in our capacity as independent
verifiers of Safran, we hereby report to you on the consolidated
social, environmental and societal information presented in the
management report issued for the year ended December 31, 2012
in accordance with the requirements of article L.225-102-1 of the
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the
management report including the consolidated social, environmental
and societal information (the “Information”) in accordance with the
requirements of article R.225-105-1 of the French Commercial
Code, presented as required by the entity's internal reporting
standards (the “Guidelines”), available for consultation at the
Group's head office and for which a summary is provided in the
management report.

OUR INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY
CONTROL

Our independence is defined by regulatory requirements, the
Code of Ethics of our profession (Code de déontologie) and
article L.822-11 of the French Commercial Code. In addition,
we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including
documented policies and procedures to ensure compliance with
ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal
and regulatory requirements.

INDEPENDENT VERIFIERS’
RESPONSIBILITY

It is our role, on the basis of our work:

. to attest whether the required Information is presented in
the management report or, if not presented, whether an
appropriate explanation is given in accordance with the third
paragraph of article R.225-105 of the French Commercial
Code (Code de commerce) and Decree no. 2012-557 dated
April 24, 2012 (Attestation of presentation);

. to provide reasonable assurance on whether the Information
selected by the Group and identified by M1 in Section 5 of the
management report is fairly presented, in all material respects,
in accordance with the Guidelines (reasonable assurance);

. to provide limited assurance on whether the other Information
is fairly presented, in all material respects, in accordance with
the Guidelines (limited assurance).

We called upon our Corporate Social Responsibility experts to

assist us in the performance of our work.

1. ATTESTATION OF PRESENTATION

Our engagement was performed in accordance with professional
standards applicable in France:

. We compared the Information presented in the management
report with the list as provided for in article R.225-105-1 of
the French Commercial Code;

° We verified that the Information covers the consolidated
scope, namely the entity and its subsidiaries within the
meaning of article L.233-1 and the controlled entities within
the meaning of article L.233-3 of the French Commercial
Code within the limits specified in the methodology note
presented on page 214 of the management report;

° In the event of the omission of certain consolidated
Information, we verified that an appropriate explanation
was given in accordance with Decree no. 2012-557 dated
April 24, 2012.

On the basis of our work, we attest that the required Information

is presented in the management report.

2. ASSURANCE REPORT

Nature and scope of the work

We conducted our engagement in accordance with ISAE 3000
(International Standard on Assurance Engagements) and French
professional guidance.

We performed the following procedures to obtain:

. Reasonable assurance that the Information selected by the
Group and identified by M1 in Section 5 of the management
report is fairly presented, in all material respects, in
accordance with the Guidelines;

. Limited assurance that nothing has come to our attention that
causes us to believe that the other Information presented in
Section 5 of the management report is not fairly presented,
in all material respects, in accordance with the Guidelines.

Our work consisted in the following:

. We assessed the appropriateness of the Guidelines as
regards their relevance, completeness, neutrality, clarity and
reliability, taking into consideration, where applicable, the
good practices in the sector.

. We verified that the Group had set up a process for the
collection, compilation, processing and control of the
Information to ensure its completeness and consistency.
We examined the internal control and risk management
procedures relating to the preparation of the Information.
We conducted interviews with those responsible for social
and environmental reporting.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 46 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ CSR REPORTING METHODOLOGY AND STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT /

. We selected the consolidated Information to be tested") and
determined the nature and scope of the tests, taking into
consideration their importance with respect to the social and
environmental consequences related to the Group's business
and characteristics, as well as its societal commitments.

- Concerning the quantitative consolidated information
that we deemed to be the most important:

> at the level of the consolidating entity and the controlled
entities, we implemented analytical procedures and,
based on sampling, verified the calculations and the
consolidation of this information;

> at the level of the sites that we selected® based on
their business, their contribution to the consolidated
indicators, their location and a risk analysis:

- we conducted interviews to verify that the procedures
were correctly applied;

- we performed tests of detail based on sampling,
consisting in verifying the calculations made and
reconciling the data with the supporting documents.

The sample thus selected represents 53.6% of
the workforce and between 10% and 29% of the
quantitative environmental information tested.

- Concerning the qualitative consolidated information that
we deemed to be the most important, we conducted
interviews and reviewed the related documentary
sources in order to corroborate this information and
assess its fairness. As regards fair practices and
occupational safety, interviews were only carried out at
the level of the consolidating entity.

. As regards the other consolidated information published,
we assessed its fairness and consistency in relation to our
knowledge of the company and, where applicable, through
interviews or the consultation of documentary sources.

. Finally, we assessed the relevance of the explanations given
in the event of the absence of certain information.

. As regards the Information selected by the Group and
identified by M in Section 5 of the management report, the
degree of accuracy of measurement and the performance of
work of the same nature as — but more detailed than - that
performed on the other Information, in particular as concerns
the number of tests, enable us to express reasonable
assurance.

Conclusion

lf Reasonable assurance

In our opinion, the Information selected by the Group and identified
by M in Section 5 of the management report is fairly presented, in
all material respects, in accordance with the Guidelines.

1 Limited assurance

We express a qualification on the following Data:

. The distribution of the amounts of ordinary and non-hazardous
waste by destination (recycling, energy recovery, or landfilling)
revealed anomalies for several sites. These anomalies are
either related to difficulties in understanding Group definitions,
a lack of knowledge of local waste treatment schemes, or
user errors in the reporting tool, and could not all be corrected
during consolidation work. This is a potentially significant
source of uncertainty in the data reported at Group level.

. The calculation of working hours used to calculate the
frequency rate of work-related accidents and the severity rate
of accidents is based on a methodology that varies across
audited sites. This heterogeneity results in an uncertainty
on the value reported at Group level, without affecting the
calculation of the number of accidents or the lost time due
to these accidents.

Based on our work described in this report, except for the effects
of the matter(s) described above, nothing has come to our attention
that causes us to believe that the Information is not fairly presented,
in all material respects, in accordance with the Guidelines.

Paris La Défense, March 27, 2013

The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by:
Mazars Ernst & Young et Autres
Gaél Lamant Emmanuelle Rigaudias Jean-Roch Varon Christophe Schmeitzky
Partner Partner CSR and Sustainable Partner Partner CSR and Sustainable
Development Development

(1) Data reviewed with a reasonable assurance: Headcount, Breakdown (by country, by gender, by total number of managers and other employees) and evolution
(recruitments and departures); Number and percentage of recruited women. Data reviewed with a limited assurance: Absenteeism, Frequency rate of work accidents;
Severity rate of accidents; Number of work-related illnesses; Number of employees assigned to HSE; Training; Diversity and disability; Generated and recovered waste;
Water consumption; Energy consumption; CO, emissions. Topics reviewed with a limited assurance: Employer-employee relations; Stress awareness campaign;
Implementation of the TESSE program; Anti-aiscrimination policy; Eco-design; Sponsorship initiatives; Purchases and subcontracting; Corruption prevention.

(2) Legal entities selected for the verification of labor indicators: Sagem Défense Sécurité (France), Turbomeca (France), Messier-Bugatti-Dowty (France), Snecma (France),
Safran Engineering Services (France), Hispano-Suiza (France and Poland), Morpho Track (USA), Morpho (France), Technofan (France), Labinal (France), Herakles
(France). Sites selected for the verification of environmental and safety inaicators: Snecma (Evry-Corbei,, Vilaroche and Chatellerault), Messier-Bugatti-Dowty (Walton);
Technofan (Blagnac), Turbomeca (Tamos), Hispano-Suiza (Sedziszow), Morpho (Haarlem).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 47 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS /

SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY
AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS

5.8.1 SUMMARY OF LABOR INDICATORS

HEADCOUNT
ow o/w
Messier- Sagem

ow o/w o/w His| o/w Bugatti- o/w o/w Défense ow
Aircelle Herakles no-Suiza Dowty Morpho Safran Sécurité Snecma o/w
andits —_andits andits andits andits andits andits Turbomeca

2011 subsi- — subsi-
Group diaries

TOTAL HEADCOUNT 59,805 62,558 6,841 7,727 1,457 7,182 13,086 6,334
Europe 42,780 44,573 4,550 2,785 1,203 6,786 12,063 5,096
France 36,426 37,978 3,429 1,327 1,149 6,442 11,691 4,880
United Kingdom 2,056 2,130 1,121 76 1 175

Belgium 1,448 1,475 4 221
Germany 1,047 1,067 308 627 85 6 4

Russia 272 295 114 54 127

Other") 1,531 1,628 478 109 637 259 7

Africa and the Middle

East 2,278 2,515 512 1,226 337 4 197 239

Morocco 1,898 2,070 512 1,226 150 182
South Africa 251 286 46 1 239

United Arab Emirates 100 107 99 4 4

Other?) 29 52 42 10
North America 10,404 10,982 5,099 1,568 2,389 187 330 388 564
United States 5,718 5,754 1,891 346 = 2,204 184 219 509

Mexico 3,601 4,135 3,208 393 87 3 388
Canada 1,085 1,093 829 98 11 55
South America 1,255 1,227 1,005 222
Brazil 920 850 635 215
Other” 335 377 370 7
Asia 2,907 3,088 547 723-«1,157 62 66 438 90
India 1,488 1,517 547 951 4 3 12
China 838 913 368 36 46 434 29
Singapore 507 534 355 71 2 66 40
Other“ 74 119 99 10 1 9
Oceania 181 178 54 1 123
Australia 181 178 54 1 123

(1) Albania, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Spain, Sweden,

‘Switzerland, Turkey and Ukraine.
(2) Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Kenya, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar and Saudi Arabia.
(3) Chile, Colombia, Peru and Uruguay.

(4) Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam.

© Data reviewed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance (see Statutory Auditors’ report in section 5.7.2).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 48 ---

N
I

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS /

o/w o/w
Messier- Sagem
o/w o/w o/w Hispa- o/w Bugatti- o/w o/w Défense o/w
Aircelle Herakles no-Suiza Labinal Dowty Morpho Safran Sécurité Snecma o/w

andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits Turbomeca

2011 subsi-  subsi- —subsi- subs subsi- subsi- subsi- —subsi- sul and its

Group diaries diaries diaries diaries di diaries diaries diaries ‘subsidiaries

TOTAL HEADCOUNT 59,805 62,558M 3,460 2,511 1,433 10,645 6,841 7,727 1,457 7,182 13,086 6,334
Men 44,798 46,662 2,768 = 2,031 1,229 5,661 5,652 5,567 850 5,270 10,786 5,374
Women 15,007 15,896 692 480 204 4,984 1,189 2,160 607 1,912 2,300 960
Managers 21,187 22,904 966 874 569 3,608 2,004 3,850 1,012 3,110 4,205 2,059
Employees 38,618 39,654 2,494 = 1,637 864 7,037 4,837 3,877 445 4,072 8,881 4,275
Under 25 5.2% 55% 4.2% 2.3% 4.7% 13.2% 3.7% 6.2% 2.3% 1.1% 5.9% 1.1%
25 to 29 13.0% 13.6% 13.2% 10.3% 17.1% 23.4% 10.7% 20.6% 11.0% 7.2% 11.5% 7.9%
30 to 34 15.0% 15.2% 18.4% 14.8% 18.2% 19.2% 14.5% 20.9% 10.7% 15.1% 9.9% 14.7%
35 to 39 13.1% 13.3% 13.2% 13.7% 11.7% 13.3% 13.4% 15.7% 14.2% 16.5% 9.3% 16.4%
40 to 44 10.7% 10.5% 10.6% 9.9% 9.0% 9.4% 11.8% 12.8% 10.7% 12.4% 7.0% 14.5%
45 to 49 13.5% 12.5% 12.9% 15.5% 7.7% 8.4% 13.9% 10.1% 17.7% 12.9% 15.1% 14.4%
50 to 54 15.4% 14.8% 14.0% 20.3% 13.0% 6.4% 16.4% 7.6% 14.1% 17.4% 21.2% 15.1%
55 to 59 11.6% 11.8% 11.0% 10.9% 15.5% 4.5% 12.0% 4.6% 13.1% 14.5% 17.2% 13.1%
60 to 65 2.3% 26% 2.4% 2.3% 2.9% 1.7% 3.4% 1.5% 6.1% 2.6% 2.9% 2.5%
Over 65 0.2% 0.2% 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% 0.4% 0.2% 0.1% 0.6% 0.2% 0.0% 0.3%

© Data reviewed by the Statutory Auaitors with reasonable assurance (see Statutory Auditors’ report in section 5.7.2).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 49 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

/ SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS /

RECRUITMENT AND DEPARTURES

o/w o/w
Messier- Sagem
o/w o/w o/w Hispa- o/w Bugs o/w o/w Défense o/w
Aircelle Herakles no-Suiza Labinal Dowty Morpho Safran Sécurité Snecma o/w
andits andits andits andits andits andits i andits andits Turbomeca

2011 subsi- subsi- subsi- and its

Group diaries diaries diaries subsidiaries
External new hires —
male managers 2,131 2,485 99 43 116 563 174 453, 118 235 496 146
External new hires —
male employees 2,394 2,793 187 68 84 566 440 416 19 88 675 178
External new hires —
female managers 635 731M 34 25 25 151 55 113 72 50 151 42
External new hires —
female employees 2,006 1,587 4 57 19 12 777 102 272 48 43 180 39
TOTAL EXTERNAL
NEW HIRES 7,166 7,596 4 377 155 237 «2,057 771 1,254 257 416 1,502 405
Permanent departures —
dismissal 7324 26 5 1 191 86 222 3 86 27 44
Permanent departures —
resignation 2,232 0 50 W 27 834 263 672 18 121 137 73
Permanent departures —
retirement 5504 7 W 7 27 52 15 W 89 210 81
Permanent departures —
end of fixed-term
contract 4474 21 18 9 106 80 120 19 32 18 9
Permanent departures —
other 7564 57 84 W 60 49 26 15 126 296 26
TOTAL PERMANENT
DEPARTURES 4,255 4,7174 161 129 65 1,218 530 1,055 66 454 688 233
Replacement rate for
permanent departures 1.68 161M 2.34 1.20 3.65 1.69 1.45 1.19 3.89 0.92 2.18 1.74

© Data reviewed by the Statutory Auditors with reasonable assurance (see Statutory Auditors’ report in section 5.7.2).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 50 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS /

DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES

o/w o/w
Messier- Sagem
o/w o/w o/w Hispa- o/w Bugatti- o/w o/w Défense o/w
Aircelle Herakles no-Suiza Labinal Dowty Morpho Safran Sécurité Snecma o/w
andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits Turbomeca
2011 subsi-  subsi- —subsi- subsi- subsi- subsi- subsi- —subsi-_subsi- and its
Group diaries diaries diaries diaries diaries diaries diaries diaries diaries subsidiaries
Number of disabled
workers (France) 1,421 1,507 72 72 34 100 161 32 25 230 557 223
Percentage of disabled
workers (France) 3.9% 4.0% 3.3% 2.9% 3.6% 3.0% 4.7% 2.4% 2.2% 3.6% 4.8% 4.6%
Percentage of external
new hires of women
worldwide 36.9% 30.5% M 24.1% 28.4% 15.6% 45.1% 20.4% 30.7% 46.7% 22.4% 22.0% 20.0%

WORK-STUDY CONTRACTS AND INTERNSHIPS (FRANCE)

o/w o/w
Messier- Sagem
o/w o/w o/w Hispa- o/w Bugatti- o/w o/w Défense o/w
Aircelle Herakles no-Suiza Labinal Dowty Morpho Safran Sécurité Snecma o/w
andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits Turbomeca
2011 subsi- —_subsi- subsi- subsi- subsi- — subsi- sub: and its
Group diaries diaries —_ diaries diaries dis diaries diaries diaries subsidiaries
Professional training
contracts 146 540 64 81 5 82 67 a 10 65 55 84
Apprenticeships 1,810 2,642 134 98 89 106 264 63 120 368 1,147 237
TOTAL WORK-STUDY
CONTRACTS 1,956 3,182 198 179 94 188 331 74 130 433 1,202 321
Percentage of work-study
contracts 5.4% 8.4% 9.0% 7.1% 9.8% 5.6% 9.7% 5.6% 11.3% 6.7% 10.3% 6.6%
Number of internships 1,834 2,951 195 132 72 181 218 89 100 409 1,300 255
ABSENTEEISM (FRANCE)
o/w o/w
Messier- Sagem
o/w o/w o/w Hispa- o/w Bugatti- o/w o/w Défense o/w
Aircelle Herakles no-Suiza Labinal Dowty Morpho Safran Sécurité Snecma o/w
andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits Turbomeca
2011 subsi-  subsi- — subsi-subsi-_subsi: subsi-  subsi- _subsi- and its
Group diaries diaries diaries di i diaries diaries diaries ‘subsidiaries
Absenteeism 3.8% 4.0% 4.3% 3.0% 3.7% 2.9% 5.2%" 3.5% 4.0%

* The high absenteeism at these entities is due to contractual leave (1.3% and 2.2% respectively).

© Data reviewed by the Statutory Auaitors with reasonable assurance (see Statutory Auditors’ report in section 5.7.2).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 51 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS /

o/w o/w
Messier- Sagem
o/w o/w o/w Hispa- o/w Bugatti- o/w o/w Défense ow

Aircelle Herakles no-Suiza Labinal Dowty Morpho Safran Sécurité Snecma o/w

andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits Turbomeca
Number of training 2011 subsi- _—_subsi- subsi- — subsi- subsi- subsi- —_subsi- and its
hours/area Group diaries diaries diaries diaries diaries diaries _ diaries subsidiaries
Accounting/Finance 15,535 529 967 418 387 847 1,740 1,013 2,635
Customers/Marketing 6,909 801 387 148 293 486 1,696 582
Group knowledge 33,776 1,242 171 904 186 218 14,198
Health, Safety and
Environment 125,695 7,783 15,876 5,824 7,882 15,917 1,881 657 19,867 36,096 13,912
Human resources 30,385 2,248 887 288 1,022 1,633 2,252 3,800 6,015 8,421 3,820
Industrial 179,040 4,194 11,981 2,953 8,335 15,940 1,090 327 27,029 93,401 13,790
International
development 4,776 676 61 30 290 650 631 45 748 1,303 342
IT 140,731 6,367 4,720 3,590 10,751 10,993 6,450 5,810 17,149 59,085 15,815
Languages 67,523 3,196 2,262 218 7,500 7,621 3,982 3,358 3,516 24,214 11,657
Leadership 139,387 8,715 7,762 2,908 17,229 12,870 9,463 3,127 21,688 43,579 12,051
Legal 3,525 8 197 W 48 535 137 100 1,420 910 159
Personal performance
and interpersonal skills 24,306 1,257 1,366 891 2,551 2,584 1,285 1,301 1,966 6,752 4,353
Purchasing 9,661 737 494 310 133 873 91 2,843 921 1,981 1,278
Quality 50,784 2,123 1,975 1,527 3,909 6753 241 276 9,666 14,803 9,511
Research & Development 75,469 6,830 2,007 1,514 13,619 3,592 533 800 9,273 31,250 6,051
Risk 9,956 194 394 492 a7 1,124 41 629 842 «3,195 2,648
Transitions 10,146 660 1,586 66 306 577 236 147 939 2,535 3,094
Other 571 248 323
TOTAL TRAINING
HOURS 831,991 928,175 47,808 53,416 22,087 74,468 85,753 30,016 24,960 123,965 349,806 115,896

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 52 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS /

o/w ow
Messier- Sagem
o/w o/w o/w Hispa- o/w Bugatti- o/w o/w Défense o/w

Aircelle Herakles no-Suiza Labinal Dowty Morpho Safran Sécurité Snecma o/w

andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits andits Turbomeca
Number of training 2011 PAPA) subsi- subsi- subsi-  subsi- subsi- subsi- _—subsi- subsidia- and its
initiatives/area Group Group Mtr diaries diaries diaries diaries diaries di ries subsidiaries
Accounting/Finance 809 32 24 52 90 40 27 28 251 241
Customers/Marketing 270 32 17 8 12 33 22 38 82 26
Group knowledge 2,523 35 15 91 27 419 171,066 853
Health, Safety and
Environment 17,370 1,365 1,008 807 1,029 2,644 366 18 2,978 5,433 1,722
Human resources 1,858 137 36 32 52 80 57 21 283 721 439
Industrial 7,683 114 = 525 106 806 1,015 5 6 1,313 2,687 1,010
International
development 736 58 3 1 20 194 52 1 272 113 22
IT 12,529 501 393 335 589 1,358 686 367 2,417 4,490 1,393
Languages 3,554 161 95 2 275 334 334 27 368 1,357 601
Leadership 5,861 431 345 94 776 369 737 44 1,029 1,509 527
Legal 509 1 an 1 4 165 7 7 229 74 10
Personal performance
and interpersonal skills 1,213 68 68 35 122 145 67 39 120 337 212
Purchasing 367 43 35 16 5 33 6 21 27 126 55
Quality 7,606 343 145 164 448 1,172 7 15 1,331 2,747 1,224
Research & Development 4,740 320 95 52 834 169 72 8 378 = 2,234 578
Risk 2,039 23 29 171 3 238 85 19 223 714 534
Transitions 242 20 23 2 19 17 10 4 29 66 52
Other 14 6 8
TOTAL TRAINING
INITIATIVES 69,873 3,690 2,875 1,941 5,073 8,475 2,609 624 11,080 24,007 9,499
% of payroll allocated
to training 4.0% 4.2% 3.9% 3.6% 4.2% 4.1% 4.3% 41% 1.5% 39% 4.8% 44%

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 53 ---

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
/ SUMMARY OF LABOR AND HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE) INDICATORS /

5.8.2. SUMMARY OF HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL (HSE)
INDICATORS

o/w o/w
o/w Messier- Sagem
o/jw o/w Hispano- o/w Bugatti o/w Défense o/w o/w

Aircelle Herakles Suiza _Labinal Dowty Morpho Sécurité Snecma Turbomeca
Frequency rate of occupational
accidents resulting in lost worktime
(12 months) 3.5 2.9 5.4 28 28 4.4 1.6 28 5.5 2.3
Severity rate (12 months) 0.14 0.2 0.22 0.06 0.12 019 0.02 0.09 0.21 0.05
Ordinary industrial waste generated
(t/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 0.36 0.49 0.58 0.5 0.1 0.58 0.39 0.19 0.39 0.31
Hazardous industrial waste generated
(t/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 0.43, 0.18 1.15 1.03 ie} 1.2 0.03 0.12 0.7 0.49
Transformed ordinary industrial waste
(t/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 0.16 0.29 0.41 0.08 0.04 0.39 017 0.09 0.1 0.14
Transformed hazardous industrial
waste (t/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 0.09 0.05 0.11 0.03 ie} 0.38 ie} 0.02 O44 0.03
Total water (cu.m/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 136 33 1,368 14 W 184 24 24 54 294
Water supply network (cu.m/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 26 29 41 14 10 77 19 12 19 23
Surface water (cu.m/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 82 0 1,176 0 ie} 0 ie} 12 23 228
Groundwater (cu.m/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 28 4 151 <1 1 107 5 <1 12 43
Electricity consumption (toe/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 1.37 1.29 3.26 1.25 0.2 2.93 0.75, 1.27 1.6 0.9
Natural gas and LPG (toe/empl.)
(Oct. 2011 to Sep. 2012) 0.92 0.76 4.35 0.16 0.01 1.6 0.14 0.5 1.2 0.24
Scope 1 emissions (Eq. t CO,/empl.)
2010 (France) 4.7 28 N/A 0.2 0.1 9.2 0.3 1.6 7.7 3.8
Scope 1 emissions (Eq. t CO,/empl.)
2011 (world) 4.3 2.9 11.8 07 0.1 5.6 1.2 V7 8.7 3.3
Scope 2 emissions (Eq. t CO,/empl.)
2010 (France) 5.4 2.5 N/A 29 0.2 11.5 0.6 45 6.7 3.5

Scope 2 emissions (Eq. t CO,/empl.)
2011 (world) 3 4.2 49 5.7 0.5 10.9 2.4 1.4 1.8 1.8

Occupational ilinesses declared
in 2012 113 2 W 1 12 22 10 7 27 7

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [PPS


--- Page 54 ---

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

6.1

6.2

6.3

6.4
6.5

6.6

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

6.1.1 Board of Directors
6.1.2 Committees of the Board of Directors
6.1.3 Executive Management

EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER

COMPENSATION

6.2.1. Principles and rules for determining the compensation
of Executive Management

6.2.2. Principles and rules for determining the compensation
of members of the Board of Directors

SHARE TRANSACTIONS PERFORMED
BY CORPORATE OFFICERS
AND OTHER MANAGERS

AUDIT FEES

REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN

OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Report of the Chairman of the Board of Directors to the Annual
General Meeting of May 28, 2013, pursuant to the provisions

of article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code
(Code de commerce)

6.5.1. Composition, organization and work of the Board of
Directors

6.5.2. Principles and rules for determining the compensation
of executive corporate officers

6.5.3 Application of the AFEP-MEDEF Corporate
Governance Code

6.5.4 Participation of shareholders in General Meetings
— information referred to under article L.225-100-3
of the French Commercial Code

6.5.5. Internal control and risk management
STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT

ON THE REPORT PREPARED BY THE
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

228

228
248
249

253

253

260
262

264

264
264
270
271

271
272

278


--- Page 55 ---

MEMBERSHIP STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors is composed of the following members:

° Jean-Paul Herteman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
° Francis Mer, Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors;

. Marc Aubry, Director representing employee shareholders;
. Giovanni Bisignani, Director (independent);

. Christophe Burg, Director representing the French State;

IN BRIEF

. Jean-Lou Chameau, Director (independent);

. Odile Desforges, Director (independent)

. Jean-Marc Forneri, Director (independent)

. Christian Halary, Director representing employee shareholders;
. Xavier Lagarde, Director;

° Michel Lucas, Director;

. Elisabeth Lulin, Director (independent);

. Astrid Milsan, Director representing the French State;

. Laure Reinhart, Director representing the French State;

15 mM em bers . Michéle Rousseau, Director representing the French State.

BOARD ADVISOR

including

. Caroline Grégoire-Sainte Marie.

4 representatives
of the French TERMS OF OFFICE EXPIRING IN 2013

State * Francis Mer;

° Jean-Marc Forneri:

5 independent * Michel Lucas;

. The four Directors representing the French State, i.e., Christophe Burg,

aa em bers Astrid Milsan, Laure Reinhart and Michéle Rousseau.

2 employee COMPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
shareholder ° Jean-Paul Herteman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;

representatives . Dominique-Jean Chertier, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate

Office;
. Ross Mcinnes, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance;

. Marc Ventre, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Operations.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 56 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE OF REFERENCE

Safran abides by the “Corporate Governance Code of Listed Corporations”, drawn up jointly by the French employers’ associations
AFEP" and MEDEF”!, with reference to the consolidated version of April 2010. The French version of the code can be consulted at
www.code-afep-medef.com. Where certain recommendations included in this code, or guidelines adopted subsequently for its enforcement,
are not implemented, this is justified in the Report of the Chairman of the Board of Directors (see section 6.5.3 - Application of the
AFEP-MEDEF Corporate Governance Code).

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

On April 21, 2011, the Shareholders’ Meeting approved a governance structure with a Board of Directors, replacing the former structure
composed of a Supervisory Board and an Executive Board.

6.1.1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS

MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Since April 21, 2011, the Board of Directors of Safran has consisted of fifteen members — including four representatives of the French State
and two employee shareholder representatives — appointed by the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting.

Since July 2011, Board membership has been as follows:

Date of first
appointment Number of

Members of the Duties on the Board Expi Safran shares Main position

Board of Directors of Directors of office held Address

Jean-Paul Herteman Chairman of the Board April 21, 2011 20,242) Chairman and

62 years of Directors and CEO 2015 AGM CEO of Safran,

(French national) 2, bd du Général Martial-Valin,

75015 Paris, France

Francis Mer Vice-Chairman of the Board April 21, 2011 1,500 Vice-Chairman of the Board of

73 years of Directors 2013 AGM Directors of Safran,

(French national) Chairman of the Strategy 2, bd du Général Martial-Valin,
and Major Projects Committee 75015 Paris, France

and member of the Appointments
and Compensation Committee

Marc Aubry Director representing April 21, 2011 2,448 Design engineer for space
50 years employee shareholders 2016 AGM engine turbopumps at
(French national) Snecma's Vernon site,
Forét de Vernon,
BP 802

27208 Vernon Cedex, France

(1) AFEP: Association Francaise des Entreprises Privées.
(2) MEDEF: Mouvement des Entreprises de France.

(3) Indirectly via units in the Safran Group Corporate Mutual Fund (FCPE) (conversion based on the Safran share price as of January 31, 2013)

(4) Including 2,408 shares via units in the Safran Group Corporate Mutual Fund (FCPE) (conversion based on the Safran share price as of January 31, 2013).

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 57 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

Date of first
appointment Number of
Members of the Duties on the Board jon of term Safran shares Main position
Board of Directors of Directors held Address
Giovanni Bisignani Director April 21, 2011 500 De Vere Gardens 12 14
66 years. (independent) 2017 AGM London W8 SAE, UK
(Italian national) Member of the Appointments and
Compensation Committee and
the Strategy and Major Projects
Committee
Christophe Burg Director representing April 21, 2011 None Project manager, Strategy
49 years the French State 2013 AGM Department at the French
(French national) Member of the Strategy and Defence Procurement Agency,
Major Projects Committee and the 7-9, rue des Mathurins,
Appointments and Compensation 92220 Bagneux, France
Committee
Jean-Lou Chameau Director April 21, 2011 1,000 Chairman of Caltech
60 years. (independent) 2015 AGM 1200 East California Blvd,
(French and American M/C 204 - 31, Pasadena,
national) CA 91125, United States
Odile Desforges Director April 21, 2011 500 3, rue Henri Heine,
63 years. (independent) 2017 AGM 75016 Paris, France
(French national) Member of the Strategy and
Major Projects Committee
Jean-Marc Forneri Director April 21, 2011 1,062 Chairman of Bucéphale
53 years (independent) 2013 AGM Finance,
(French national) Chairman of the Audit and Risk 17, avenue George V,
Committee 75008 Paris, France
Christian Halary Director representing April 21, 2011 15,568 Head of the Renovation
59 years. employee shareholders 2016 AGM Calculator business in the
(French national) Safran Electronics division of
Sagem Défense Sécurité,
21, av. du Gros-Chéne,
95610 Eragny-sur-Oise,
France
Xavier Lagarde Director April 21, 2011 160,726" Chairman of Club Sagem,
65 years. Member of the Strategy and 2017 AGM 77, rue Leblanc,
(French national) Major Projects Committee 75015 Paris, France
Michel Lucas Director April 21, 2011 1,500 Chairman and CEO of Banque
73 years Chairman of the Appointments 2013 AGM Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel,
(French national) and Compensation Committee 34, rue du Wacken,
67000 Strasbourg, France
Elisabeth Lulin Director April 21, 2011 501 Chief Executive Officer of
46 years (independent) 2017 AGM Paradigmes et caetera,
(French national) Member of the Audit and Risk 23, rue Lecourbe,
Committee 75015 Paris, France
Astrid Milsan Director representing July 27, 2011 None Deputy Director, Services,
41 years the French State 2013 AGM Aerospace and Defence

(French national)

Member of the Audit and Risk
Committee, the Appointments and
Compensation Committee, and
the Strategy and Major Projects
Committee

Investments at the State
Investments Agency (APE),
French Ministry of

Economic Affairs, Finance and
Employment,

139, rue de Bercy,

75012 Paris, France

(5) Including 3,518 via units in the Safran Group Corporate Mutual Fund (FCPE) (conversion based on the Safran share price as of January 31, 2013).
(6) Including 55,138 via Club Sagem and via units in the Safran Group Corporate Mutual Fund (FCPE) (conversion based on the Safran share price as of January 31, 2013).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 58 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

Members of the

Duties on the Board

Date of first
appointment
ion of term

Number of
Safran shares

Main position

Board of Directors of Directors held Address
Laure Reinhart Director representing April 21, 2011 400 Deputy CEO of OSEO
57 years the French State 2013 AGM Innovation,
(French national) Member of the Strategy and 27-31, avenue du Général

Major Projects Committee Leclerc,

94710 Maisons-Alfort, France

Michéle Rousseau Director representing April 21, 2011 None Chief Executive Officer Seine
55 years the French State 2013 AGM Normandy Water Agency,

(French national)

Member of the Audit and Risk
Committee

51, rue Salvador Allende,
92000 Nanterre, France

Under the twentieth resolution of the Extraordinary General Meeting of April 21, 2011, the shareholders appointed Caroline Grégoire-Sainte
Marie as a Board Advisor for a four-year term.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 59 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

INFORMATION ON MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

JEAN-PAUL HERTEMAN

CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF SAFRAN

EXPERTISE Born in 1950, Jean-Paul Herteman is a graduate of Ecole Polytechnique and Ecole Nationale Supérieure
AND EXPERIENCE de I'Aéronautique et de I'Espace.

He began his career with the French Defence Procurement Agency (Délégation générale pour
l'armement) in 1975, where he was firstly a test engineer, then head of the Materials department in the
Toulouse Aviation Testing Center.

In 1984, he joined Snecma as head of the Materials and Process research programs. He was appointed
Assistant Director of Quality at Snecma in 1987, then Director of Quality two years later. On this basis
he chaired the Quality commission of the French aerospace industries association (GIFAS) from 1990
to 1993.

Head of the technical design office at Snecma in 1993, he became Deputy Technical Director the
following year. In 1995 and 1996, he was CFM56 Program Director and Vice-President of CFM
International. In mid-1996, he became Technical Director at Snecma, and then took over as CEO of
the Rocket Engine Division (formerly Société Européenne de Propulsion) in 1999. He was appointed
as Chairman and CEO of Snecma Moteurs (now Snecma) in 2002.

In 2004, Jean-Paul Herteman was appointed Executive Vice-President of the Snecma group and
Executive Vice-President of the Aerospace Propulsion branch. Upon the creation of the Safran Group
in 2005, he was confirmed in his duties. In 2006, he became Executive Vice-President, responsible for
the Defence Security branch.

He was appointed Chairman of the Safran Executive Board in July 2007 and carried out the duties
of this position between September 2007 and the change of the Company's governance structure in
2011, when he was appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Safran.

In 2009, he was elected President of GIFAS and in that capacity, acted as Chairman of the French
Defence Industries Advisory Council (CIDEF) from the beginning of 2010 to the end of 2011.

In November 2009, he was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of the French Center for
Scientific Research (CNRS).

Chief weapons engineer (reserve corps) and former pilot of the technical corps, Jean-Paul Herteman
is a member of the Steering Board of the Civil Aviation Research Council (CORAC) created in 2008 by
the French Minister of Ecology, Energy, Sustainable Development and Territorial Development and of
the European Security Research and Innovation Forum (ESRIF).

He has been Vice-Chairman of the advisory authority on French Defence Agency issues (Conseil général
de I'armement) since March 2010.

He was appointed President of the AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD)
on October 12, 2012.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
° Chairman and CEO: Safran
° Director: Snecma

Non-Group:

. Vice-Chairman: Conseil général de l'armement

. Chairman: GIFAS; ASD (Belgium) since October 2012
° Director: CNRS

OFFICES Safran Group:
Nivietesr . Chairman of the Executive Board: Safran, up to April 2011
FIVE YEARS . Director: Sagem Sécurité, up to October 2009; Sagem Morpho, Inc. (USA), up to May 2008
. Permanent representative of Safran on the Board of Directors of: Sagem Défense Sécurité, up to
February 2010
Non-Group:

. Chairman: CIDEF, up to December 2011

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 60 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

FRANCIS MER
DIRECTOR
VICE-CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,

MEMBER AND CHAIRMAN OF THE STRATEGY AND MAJOR PROJECTS COMMITTEE,
MEMBER OF THE APPOINTMENTS AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE Born in 1939, Francis Mer is a graduate of Ecole Polytechnique and the Corps des Mines engineering
AND EXPERIENCE school.

He joined the Saint-Gobain Pont-a-Mousson group in 1970 and was head of Corporate Planning
for Saint-Gobain Industries in 1971, before becoming Director of Corporate Planning for Compagnie
Saint-Gobain Pont-a-Mousson in 1973. He became CEO of Saint-Gobain Industries in 1974. In 1978,
he was appointed as Executive Vice-President of Saint-Gobain and was responsible for industrial policy.
In 1982, he went on to become Chairman and CEO of Pont-&-Mousson SA and Director of the Pipe
and Mechanics Division of Saint-Gobain.

In 1986, the French government, acting as shareholder, decided to merge Usinor and Sacilor and
appointed Francis Mer as Chairman of the new steel group. In 1995, Usinor Sacilor was privatized and
Francis Mer was again appointed Chairman by the new Board of Directors. In 2002, he was appointed
co-Chairman of the Arcelor group.

Between May 2002 and March 2004, Francis Mer was French Minister of Economy, Finance and Industry.
Francis Mer was also Chairman of the French Steel Federation (FFA), from 1988 to 2002, Eurofer
(Association of European Steel Manufacturers), from 1990 to 1997, the International Iron and Steel
Institute, from 1997 to 1998, and the National Association of Technical Research (ANRT) from 1991 to
2002. In 2004, he was Chairman of the Foundation for Political Innovation.

Francis Mer was Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Safran between 2007 and the change in the
corporate governance structure in 2011, when he was appointed Vice-Chairman of the Board of
Directors.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
* Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors: Safran

Non-Group:
. Director: LFB SA; Borusan Holding (Turkey)

OFFICES Safran Group:
Nnineee. . Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Safran, up to April 2011
FIVE YEARS Non-Group:
. Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Oenoholding, up to April 2008
. Director: Rhodia”, up to October 2011; Adecco!" (Switzerland), up to April 2011
(1) Listed company.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 61 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

MARC AUBRY

DIRECTOR — REPRESENTING EMPLOYEE SHAREHOLDERS

EXPERTISE Born in 1963, Marc Aubry is an engineer from Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Hydraulique et de

AND EXPERIENCE Mécanique de Grenoble (ENSHMG) (major in water resources and planning) and has a post-
graduate degree (DEA) in environment and engineering geophysics (major in hydrology).

Marc Aubry has worked with the Group for nearly 24 years. Since 1990, he has occupied the position
of Design Engineer in charge of the development of dynamic sealing for space engine turbopumps.
He is a local CFDT trade union delegate of Snecma Vernon, central CFDT trade union delegate of
Snecma and CFDT trade union coordinator of the Safran Group.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
. Director representing employee shareholders: Safran
. Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the corporate mutual fund: Safran Investissement

Non-Group:
None
OFFICES None
THAT EXPIRED
IN THE LAST
FIVE YEARS

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [PEED


--- Page 62 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

GIOVANNI BISIGNANI

DIRECTOR - INDEPENDENT

MEMBER OF THE STRATEGY AND MAJOR PROJECTS COMMITTEE AND
THE APPOINTMENTS AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE
AND EXPERIENCE

Born in 1946, Giovanni Bisignani graduated from the Sapienza University of Rome (Law, Economics
and Business) where he later became assistant professor. He also attended the International Teachers
Program at the Harvard Business School in Boston, United States.

Giovanni Bisignani started his career at First National Citibank. He then returned to Italy and, from 1976
to 1989, held several high-level positions at the energy company ENI and with the Italian industrial
conglomerate IRI. From 1994 to 1998, he was President of Tirrenia di Navigazione, and from 1998 to
2001, he was CEO of SM Logistics - a member of the Serra Merzerio group, partially owned by GE.
He subsequently served as Administrative Director, then CEO and Managing Director, of Alitalia from
1989 to 1994, Chairman of the Association of European Airlines (AEA) in 1992 and Chairman of Galileo
International from 1993 to 1994. In 2001, he launched OPODO, the first European travel portal, owned
by Air France, British Airways and Lufthansa.

Giovanni Bisignani was Director General and CEO of the International Air Transport Association (/ATA)
between 2002 and 2011. During his term of office, Mr. Bisignani made a series of structural reforms
which led to profound changes in the air transport sector. In 2004, he launched the “Simplifying the
Business” initiative which led to the elimination of paper tickets. He also introduced the first global
standard for airline safety management — since 2006, all IATA members have had to comply with IOSA
certification (IATA Operational Safety Audit). He thus reinforced security in relation to the management
of funds processed annually by IATA's financial systems amounting to USD 315 billion. Also under his
guidance, IATA was able to reach a consensus on environmental issues within the air transport industry,
which remains the only sector to have set firm targets to achieve a significant reduction in its carbon
emissions by 2050.

He is amember of the World Economic Forum's Global Agenda Council on Aviation, Travel & Tourism
(Switzerland).

Since 2012, Giovanni Bisignani has been a visiting Professor at the School of Engineering at Cranfield
University (UK) where he received the honorary “Doctor honoris causa” degree.

CURRENT OFFICES

Safran Group:
. Director: Safran

Non-Group:
. Director: UK NATS (UK); Aircastle Limited (UK) since May 2012

OFFICES
THAT EXPIRED
IN THE LAST
FIVE YEARS

Safran Group:

None

Non-Group:

. Chairman and CEO: IATA (Canada) until June 2011

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /



--- Page 63 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

CHRISTOPHE BURG
DIRECTOR - REPRESENTING THE FRENCH STATE

MEMBER OF THE STRATEGY AND MAJOR PROJECTS COMMITTEE AND
THE APPOINTMENTS AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE Born in 1963, Christophe Burg is a graduate of Ecole Polytechnique and Ecole Nationale Supérieure
AND EXPERIENCE de I'Aéronautique et de I'Espace.

He began his career as a Research Engineer for the Aircraft Manufacturing Division (Ministry of Defence)
in 1987. In 1989, he became manager of “Front Sector Optronics” equipment for the Rafale, then head
of the Rafale Weapons Systems unit at the Aircraft Manufacturing Division in 1992.

In 1996, he moved to the French Embassy in London to take up the post of Deputy Armament Attaché.

In 1999, he started working for the French Defence Procurement Agency (DGA), first as Assistant
Deputy Director and Head of the Electronics Bureau (1999-2002), then as Deputy Director for the
“Aeronautics-Missiles-Space” sector (2002-2004).

In 2004, he became implementation manager and, as of February 2005, Head of the European
Cooperation and Development subdivision, at the DGA.

In 2006, Christophe Burg was appointed Head of Industrial Affairs and Economic Intelligence at the DGA.
Since 2012, he has been an advisor to the Strategy Department of the DGA.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
. Director representing the French State: Safran

Non-Group:

. Director representing the French State: DCNS; Nexter, SNPE; Société de Gestion de Participations
Aéronautiques (Sogepa); Sogéade Gérance SAS

OFFICES Safran Group:
Nivietesr . Member of the Supervisory Board representing the French State: Safran, up to April 2011
FIVE YEARS Non-Group:

None

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [BEES


--- Page 64 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

JEAN-LOU CHAMEAU

DIRECTOR - INDEPENDENT

EXPERTISE
AND EXPERIENCE

Born in 1953, Jean-Lou Chameau obtained an engineering diploma at Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Arts
et Métiers in 1976, and then continued his studies at Stanford University, where he graduated with a
Master's in civil engineering in 1977, followed by a PhD in seismic engineering in 1980.

Jean-Lou Chameau started his teaching career at Purdue University, where he taught from 1980 to 1991,
before joining Georgia Tech as professor and head of the School of Civil and Environmental Engineering.
He left this position in 1994 to become Chairman of the international geotechnical engineering company,
Golder Associates Inc. He returned to teach at Georgia Tech two years later, where he became dean
of the College of Engineering, the largest of its kind in the United States. In 2001, he was promoted to
the position of provost, which he occupied up to 2006.

In 2006, he was appointed President of the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), one of the largest
scientific and engineering institutions in the world. Caltech is recognized for the exceptional standard of
its research, teachers and students. Caltech boasts 32 Nobel Prize winners and is also renowned for
the management of its large laboratories, in particular the Jet Propulsion Laboratory; NASA's center
for robotic exploration of the solar system.

Jean-Lou Chameau is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, a great honor for an engineer
in the United States, and of the Académie des Technologies in France.

CURRENT OFFICES

Safran Group:
. Director: Safran

Non-Group:
. Chairman: California Institute of Technology (Caltech)
. Director: Caltech (USA); MTS Systems Corporation" (USA); John Wiley & Sons" (USA)

. Other offices: Interwest Advisory Committee (USA); Council on Competitiveness (USA); Academic
Research Council of Singapore (Singapore)

OFFICES
THAT EXPIRED
IN THE LAST
FIVE YEARS

Safran Group:
None
Non-Group:

. Ecole Polytechnique, Internet2

(1) Listed company.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 65 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

ODILE DESFORGES
DIRECTOR - INDEPENDENT

MEMBER OF THE STRATEGY AND MAJOR PROJECTS COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE Born in 1950, Odilie Desforges graduated with an engineering diploma from Ecole Centrale de Paris.
AND EXPERIENCE She began her career as a Research Analyst at the French Transport Research Institute (/nstitut de
recherche des transports). In 1981, she joined the Renault group as planning officer for the Automobile
Planning Department before becoming product engineer on the R19, then M1 segment (1984-1986).
In 1986, she moved to the Purchasing Department as Head of the Exterior Equipment department.
She was later appointed Director of Body Hardware Purchasing for the joint Renault Volvo Purchasing
Organization in 1992, and for Renault alone in 1994. In March 1999, she became Executive Vice-
President of the Renault VI-Mack group, in charge of 3P (Product Planning, Product Development,
Purchasing Project). In 2001, she was appointed President of Volvo Trucks' 3P Business Unit.

In 2003, Odile Desforges became Senior Vice-President, Renault Purchasing, Chair and CEO of the
Renault Nissan Purchasing Organization (RNPO) and member of the Renault Management Committee.
From 2009 to June 2012, she was Director of Engineering and Quality, and a member of Renault's
Executive Committee.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
. Director: Safran

Non-Group:
. Director: Sequana'” since July 2012, GIE REGIENOV

OFFICES Safran Group:
THAT EXPIRED None

IN THE LAST

FIVE YEARS. Non-Group:

. Chair: Renault Nissan Purchasing Organization (RNPO), up to February 2009

. Director: RNTBCI, up to June 2012; Renault Nissan BV (Netherlands), up to June 2012; Renault
Espafia SA (Spain), up to December 2012

(1) Listed company.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [BEVIS


--- Page 66 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

JEAN-MARC FORNERI
DIRECTOR - INDEPENDENT

MEMBER OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE Born in 1959, Jean-Marc Forneri graduated from Ecole Nationale d'Administration (ENA), before
AND EXPERIENCE obtaining a Master's in Business Law and completing the French bar (CAPA) exam, at the Aix-en-
Provence School of Political Science (IEP).

He began his career at the General Finance Inspectorate in 1984. Then in 1987, he became an Advisor to
the Minister of Finance and rapporteur for the Commission on Estate Taxes (French Ministry of Finance).
Between 1988 and 1994, he was Director and CEO of Skis Rossignol.

He was then appointed Managing Partner of Worms et Cie, where he was responsible for the investment
bank.

In 1996, he was appointed Chairman of Credit Suisse First Boston France and Vice-Chairman of Credit
Suisse First Boston Europe, where he was an advisor on major mergers and acquisitions projects.

In 2004, he founded Bucéphale Finance, a corporate finance advisory services firm, where he became
Chairman.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
. Director: Safran

Non-Group:
. Chairman: Bucéphale Finance SAS

. Member of the Supervisory Board: Grand Port Maritime de Marseille (GPMM); Société Casino
Municipal d'Aix Thermal

. Director: Balmain; Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (USA)'"
. Manager: Perseus Participations

OFFICES Safran Group:
niga IRED . Member of the Supervisory Board: Safran, up to April 2011
FIVE YEARS Non-Group:
. Director: Bonnasse Lyonnaise de Banque, up to May 2008
(1) Listed company.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 67 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

CHRISTIAN HALARY

DIRECTOR — REPRESENTING EMPLOYEE SHAREHOLDERS

EXPERTISE Born in 1953, Christian Halary holds a post-graduate degree (DEA) in microwave frequency technology.
AND EXPERIENCE He began his career in 1980, first as a Research Engineer, then as Engineer responsible for product
development, at Sagem SA.

Christian Halary has been a Group employee for 33 years. In 2005 he was appointed Engineer
responsible for product development at Sagem Défense Sécurité.

Since 2009 he has been Head of the Renovation Calculator business in the Safran Electronics division
of Sagem Défense Sécurité.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:

. Director representing employee shareholders: Safran

. Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the corporate mutual funds: Partifond; Interfond; Avenir
Sagem; Safran Investissement

Non-Group:

. Member of the Management Committee: Club Sagem

OFFICES Safran Group:

THAT EXPIRED ‘ a . ,

IN THE LAST . Member of the Supervisory Board representing employee shareholders: Safran, up to April 2011
FIVE YEARS Non-Group:

None

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [PERI


--- Page 68 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

XAVIER LAGARDE
DIRECTOR

MEMBER OF THE STRATEGY AND MAJOR PROJECTS COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE
AND EXPERIENCE

Born in 1948, Xavier Lagarde is an engineer from Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Ingénieurs de
Constructions Aéronautiques (ENSICA), which became /nstitut Supérieur de |'Aéronautique et de
I'Espace (ISAE) in 2007 following its link-up with Ecole Nationale Supérieure de I’Aéronautique et de
|'Espace (ENSAE). He also obtained a Master of Sciences in Aeronautics from the California Institute
of Technology (Caltech).

He joined Sagem in 1974 as a Research Engineer at the Avionics R&D Unit at the Pontoise Center. He
later became Head of development for new generation inertial navigation systems. In 1981, he became
the head of this unit which is responsible not only for development of inertial navigation systems and
equipment but also the preparation of fighter aircraft missions and weapon systems.

In 1987, Xavier Lagarde became Deputy Director of the Sagem R&D Center in Argenteuil, specialized in
inertial technologies and optronics, navigation, observation and weapon aiming equipment and systems
primarily dedicated to naval and ground applications. In 1989, he became Director of the R&D Center
in Eragny dedicated to missile guidance systems and equipment, disk memories for civil applications
and bubble memories for military and space applications. From 1989 to 2001, he was Director of
Human Resources of the Sagem group and, from 1999 to 2000, also Executive Director of Société de
Fabrication d'Instruments de Mesure (SFIM).

In 2001, Xavier Lagarde was appointed Industrial and Quality Director of Sagem. In 2005, he held the
position of Quality Director at Safran. The following year, he became Executive Vice-President of the
Communications branch of Safran, which was sold in 2008. Then, from 2009 to 2011, he was Executive
Vice-President of the Group's Quality, Audit and Risk Department. He was a member of the Executive
Board of Safran between 2007 and 2011 before becoming a member of the Board of Directors of Safran.

Xavier Lagarde has also served on the Labour Relations Tribunal in Paris since 2005.

CURRENT OFFICES

Safran Group:
. Director: Safran
. Chairman and CEO: Sagem Mobiles

Non-Group:
. Chairman: Club Sagem

OFFICES
THAT EXPIRED
IN THE LAST
FIVE YEARS

Safran Group:
. Member of the Executive Board: Safran, up to April 2011

. Chairman of the Board of Directors: Soreval (Luxembourg), up to May 2012; Safran Conseil, up
to May 2008

. Chairman and CEO: Sagem Télécommunications, up to August 2012

. Director: Safran Consulting, up to June 2012; Aircelle, up to April 2011; Sagem Communications,
up to January 2008

. Permanent representative of Sagem Télecommunications on the Board of Directors of: Sagem
Industries, up to December 2011

Non-Group:

. Member of the Supervisory Board: Gores Broadband SA, up to January 2010

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /



--- Page 69 ---

MICHEL LUCAS
DIRECTOR

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

CHAIRMAN AND MEMBER OF THE APPOINTMENTS AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE Born in 1939, Michel Lucas obtained an engineering diploma from Ecole Centrale de Lille, then a degree
AND EXPERIENCE in mathematical and physical science, before becoming a certified member of the French Institute of
Actuaries in Paris and then graduating from the Institut des Hautes Finances, also in Paris.
He joined Crédit Mutuel de Strasbourg in 1971. Between 1971 and 1985, he worked as Advisor to the
Chairman of Crédit Mutuel and, between 1973 and 1998, as Head of the IT Department of Crédit Mutuel.
In 1998, Michel Lucas became CEO of the Crédit Mutuel group, while retaining his existing functions.
That same year, he was also appointed Chairman of the Executive Board of CIC, and subsequently
Chairman and CEO in 2011, following a change in the corporate governance system.
Michel Lucas is also Chairman of the Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel, Chairman of the
Fédération du Crédit Mutuel Centre Est Europe, Chairman of the Caisse Fédérale de Crédit Mutuel and
Chairman and CEO of the Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel.
CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
° Director: Safran
Non-Group:
. Chairman and CEO: Banque Fédératrice du Crédit Mutuel; Crédit Industriel et Commercial";
Carmen Holding Investissement
. Chairman of the Board of Directors: Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel (BFCM); Fédération
du Crédit Mutuel Centre Est Europe; Caisse Fédérale de Crédit Mutuel; Groupe des Assurances
du Crédit Mutuel; Assurances du Crédit Mutuel Vie SA; Assurances du Crédit Mutuel IARD SA;
Assurances du Crédit Mutuel Vie SAM; Banque du Crédit Mutuel Ile-de-France; International
Information Developments; Direct Phone Services; Républicain Lorrain; Est Républicain'”;
Derniéres Nouvelles d'Alsace; Liberté de LEst
. Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Banque Européenne du Crédit Mutuel; Euro Information
Production (GIE)
. Chairman: Crédit Mutuel Cartes de Paiements; Europay France
. Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board: CIC Iberbanco; Banque de Luxembourg (Luxembourg)
. Director: ACMN lard; Astrée (Tunisia); Assurances Générales des Caisses Desjardins (Canada);
Banque de Tunisie (Tunisia); Banque Marocaine du Commerce Extérieur; CIC Banque
Transatlantique; Banque Transatlantique Belgium (Belgium); Caisse de Crédit Mutuel “Grand
Cronenbourg”; CRCM Midi-Atlantique; CIC Lyonnaise de Banque; Dauphiné Libéré; Est
Bourgogne Média; Le progres SA
. Member of the Supervisory Board: CM-CIC Asset Management; Manufacture Beauvillé; CM-CIC
Services (EIG), CM-CIC Capital Finance
. Member of the Management Committee: Euro Information; Euro Information Développement;
EBRA
. Permanent representative of BFCM on the Management Committee: Sofredis
OFFICES Safran Group:
THAT EXPIRED . i i j F
Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Safran, up to April 2011
IN THE LAST poms prew?
FIVE YEARS Non-Group:
. Chairman of the Executive Board: Crédit Industriel et Commercial", up to May 2011
. Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Fonds de Garantie des Dépéts
. Member of the Supervisory Board: CIC Investissements; Société Alsacienne de Publications
“L’Alsace”
. Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Mastercard Europe Région (Belgium)
° Chief Executive Officer: Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel, Fédération du Crédit Mutuel
Centre Est Europe; Caisse Fédérale de Crédit Mutuel
. Member of the Board of Directors: CIC Information; Crédit Mutuel Paiements Electroniques;
Sofredis
(1) Listed company.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 70 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

ELISABETH LULIN
DIRECTOR - INDEPENDENT

MEMBER OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE Born in 1966, Elisabeth Lulin is a graduate of Ecole Normale Supérieure, Institut d'Etudes Politiques
AND EXPERIENCE de Paris and Ecole Nationale ‘Administration. She also holds a degree in literature.

Elisabeth Lulin began her career at the General Finance Inspectorate (1991-1994) before joining the
Prime Minister's office as Research Analyst, then Technical Advisor.

From 1996 to 1998, she served as Head of the Marketing and External Communication Unit at France's
National Institute of Statistics and Economic Studies (INSEE).

Alongside these duties, Elisabeth Lulin has also held various teaching posts. She taught at Ecole
Supérieure de Commerce de Paris, and was a lecturer at the /nstitut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris
(1998-1999) and at the Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers (1995-1999). She is also a member of the
editorial committee of Sociétal, a quarterly economic and social review.

From September 2010 to March 2012, she served as senior advisor of Monitor group, a strategy
consulting firm.

Elisabeth Lulin is currently Chief Executive Officer of Paradigmes et caetera, a research and consulting
firm dedicated to benchmarking and innovation, which she founded in 1998.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
. Director: Safran

Non-Group:

. Chief Executive Officer: Paradigmes et caetera

. Director: Société Générale"; Bongrain SA”

. Chair of the Board of Directors of Ecole Nationale Supérieure de Création Industrielle (ENSCI)

OFFICES Safran Group:
THAT EXPIRED

IN THE LAST None

FIVE YEARS Non-Group:

. Chair of the Executive Board: Institut Aspen France, up to May 2010

. Member of the Board of Directors of the /nstitut Francais des Administrateurs, up to May 2012

(1) Listed company.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 71 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

ASTRID MILSAN
DIRECTOR - REPRESENTING THE FRENCH STATE
MEMBER OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE,

MEMBER OF THE STRATEGY AND MAJOR PROJECTS COMMITTEE,
MEMBER OF THE APPOINTMENTS AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE Born in 1971, Astrid Milsan studied at Ecole Nationale d'Administration, before graduating from the
AND EXPERIENCE Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and obtaining a Master's in Law from the Université de Droit de
Paris Il - Assas.

She began her career as reporting counselor (conseiller rapporteur) at the Versailles Administrative
Court of Appeal between 1996 and 1998.

Between 1998 and 2001, she worked as Project Finance and Privatization manager at Bankgesellschaft
in Berlin, and then in London and Berlin. In 2003, she moved to HSBC in London where she worked
in Corporate Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions (Europe and Asia) and in the Transport & Logistics team.
Later, in 2003, she joined the Finance division (legal and financial engineering for State market
transactions) of the French State Investment Agency (APE).

In 2006, she was appointed Head of Corporate Finance and Development and Secretary General
of the Interministerial Committee on Industrial Restructuring (CIRI) at the Treasury, within the French
Ministry of Economic Affairs, Finance and Employment. The following year she became Deputy Director
of Corporate Finance and Competitiveness (financial market regulation, Replacement Government
Commissioner to the collegium of the French financial markets authority - AMF) at the Treasury.

She was appointed Deputy Director of Energy and other investments at the State Investment Agency
(APE) in 2009, and then Deputy Director of the Services, Aerospace and Defence sub-division of APE
in 2011.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
. Director representing the French State: Safran

Non-Group:

. Director representing the French State: DCNS; Etablissement Public de Financement et de
Restructuration (EPFR); Imprimerie Nationale; SNPE; Société de Gestion de Participations
Aéronautiques (Sogepa); Sogeade, Sogeade Gérance SAS

OFFICES Safran Group:
THAT EXPIRED

IN THE LAST None

FIVE YEARS Non-Group:

. Member of the Supervisory Board representing the French State: RTE, up to 2011; Oseo
Financement, up to 2009

. Director representing the French State: Areva NC, up to 2011; la Francaise des Jeux, up to 2011;
Eramet', up to 2011; Laboratoire francais de fractionnement et de biotechnologies, up to 2011;
Oseo, up to 2009; IDES, up to 2009; Oseo Innovation, up to 2009

(1) Listed company.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [PZEQI


--- Page 72 ---

N

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

LAURE REINHART

DIRECTOR - REPRESENTING THE FRENCH STATE

MEMBER OF THE STRATEGY AND MAJOR PROJECTS COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE
AND EXPERIENCE

Born in 1955, Laure Reinhart studied at Ecole Normale Supérieure. She obtained a degree in
mathematics and a doctorate in applied mathematics from Université de Paris VI.

She began her career in 1979 at INRIA (French Research Institute for Computer Science and Automation)
where she successively held the posts of Researcher in scientific computing, Head of industrial
relations, and Director of industrial relations and technology transfer. In 1992, she became Director at
the Rocquencourt research center where she was responsible for managing the center's research,
research orientation and technology transfer activities.

In 1999, Laure Reinhart joined Thales as Head of operations at the central research and development
laboratory, then Head of public research partnerships in France and Europe and of technical cooperation
with companies in the R&D domain. She was also responsible for coordinating the company's actions
in the areas of competitiveness and technical communication.

In 2006, she was appointed Director of Strategy within the Directorate-General of Research and
Innovation in the French Ministry for Higher Education and Research where she implemented the new
strategy.

She then joined Oseo in 2008 as Deputy Chief Executive Officer in charge of Innovation.

Between 2007 and 2008, she participated in the committee working on France's White Paper on
Defence and National Security.

CURRENT OFFICES

Safran Group:
. Director representing the French State: Safran

Non-Group:
. Deputy CEO in charge of Innovation: Oseo

. Director: INPI (Institut National de la Propriété Industrielle); INRIA (Institut National de Recherche
en Informatique et en Automatique); |HEST (Institut des Hautes Etudes pour la Science et la
Technologie)

. President of three associations: lle de Science, the Scientipole Initiative and Scientipole Growth

OFFICES
THAT EXPIRED
IN THE LAST
FIVE YEARS

Safran Group:
None

Non-Group:

. Director representing the French State: Agence pour la diffusion de |'information technologique,
up to October 2008

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /



--- Page 73 ---

MICHELE ROUSSEAU

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

DIRECTOR - REPRESENTING THE FRENCH STATE

MEMBER OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

EXPERTISE
AND EXPERIENCE

Born in 1957, Michéle Rousseau graduated with an engineering diploma from Ecole des Mines de Paris.
She began her career in 1983 as Head of the Environment Division at DRIRE, Nord-Pas de Calais.
Subsequently, she worked as Head of the industrial environment division at the French Ministry for the
Environment between 1987 and 1990, before moving to the General Directorate of Industrial Strategies
at the French Ministry for Industry, where she was Deputy Head of industrial IT and professional
electronics between 1990 and 1995. In 1995, she was appointed Assistant Director of Safety of Nuclear
Installations and was responsible for supervising EDF's network of nuclear plants.

In 1999, she joined the French innovation agency, ANVAR (Agence Nationale pour la Valorisation de
la Recherche), as Deputy Director General, responsible for conducting policy on assisting innovative
projects set up by SMEs.

In 2001, Michéle Rousseau was appointed Head of gas, electricity and coal at the General Directorate
of Energy and Raw Materials within the French Ministry of Economic Affairs, Finance and Industry. In the
same year she went on to become Head of demand and energy markets and the General Directorate
of Energy and Raw Materials. She was also appointed as Government Commissioner for EDF and GDF.
In 2004, she represented the French State on the independent commission charged with evaluating
EDF's financing needs.

In 2005, she was appointed Secretary General of the Ministry for Ecology, Energy and Sustainable
Development, then in 2008, Assistant Director to the Commissioner General for Sustainable
Development.

Since 2011, she has served as Chief Executive Officer at Agence de |'Eau Seine-Normandie.

CURRENT OFFICES

Safran Group:
. Director representing the French State: Safran

Non-Group:
None

OFFICES
THAT EXPIRED
IN THE LAST
FIVE YEARS

Safran Group:
None

Non-Group:

. Director representing the French State: Institut Francais du Pétrole, up to January 2013; Aéroports
de Paris", up to May 2012; Agence Européenne de |’Environnement, up to 2011

(1) Listed company.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 74 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

INFORMATION RELATING TO THE BOARD ADVISOR

The role of the Board Advisor is to monitor the strict application of the bylaws, attend Board meetings and take part in decision making in
a consultative capacity. The Board Advisor is also invited to all Audit and Risk Committee meetings.

CAROLINE GREGOIRE-SAINTE MARIE

ADVISOR TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

EXPERTISE Born in 1957, Caroline Grégoire-Sainte Marie is a graduate of Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and
AND EXPERIENCE of the Université de Droit de Paris |. She also took part in the international management programs
(INSEAD - IMD) organized by Hoechst/Roussel and Lafarge.
She began her career in 1981 at Rank Xerox France as Management Controller.
In 1987, she joined pharmaceutical company Hoechst where she occupied various financial/management
positions, before being made Financial Director and member of the Executive Board of Albert Roussel
Pharma GmbH in 1994.
In 1996, Caroline Grégoire-Sainte Marie was appointed Director of Finance and IT at Volkswagen France
where she became a member of the Management Committee.
She then joined the Lafarge group in 1997, as Financial, Legal and Development Officer and a member
of the Management Committee of Lafarge Specialty Products. In 2000, she became Head of the Mergers
& Acquisitions department, a member of the Management Board of Lafarge Cement, a member of
the International Operating Committee and a member of the Boards of Directors of Materis SA and
Lafarge India. In 2004, she was appointed Chair and CEO of Lafarge Cement in Germany and the Czech
Republic, and she became a member of the Board of Directors of Prasidium BDZ/VDZ.
From 2007 to 2009, she was Chair and CEO of Tarmac France and Belgium, part of the Anglo-American
Plc. group. She is also Vice-President and a member of the Executive Committee of the Fédération
de I'Industrie du Béton (FIB).
Between 2009 and 2011, Caroline Grégoire-Sainte Marie was Chair of FransBonhomme, the French
leading distributor of plastic pipes and fittings.
She has been an independent Director of Groupama since 2011 and of the FLSmidth and Eramet
groups since 2012.
CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:
None
Non-Group:
. Director: FLSmidth & Co!) (Denmark) since March 2012; Eramet" since May 2012; Groupama
OFFICES Safran Group:
INTHELAST Nene
FIVE YEARS Non-Group:
. Chair and CEO: FransBonhomme, up to 2011; Tarmac France and Tarmac Belgique, up to 2009
(1) Listed company.

[IEZG Csarran / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 75 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

OTHER PERSONS PARTICIPATING
IN BOARD OF DIRECTORS' MEETINGS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ INTERNAL
RULES

THE GOVERNMENT COMMISSIONER

Louis-Alain Roche, Controller-General of the French Armed
Forces,

appointed Government Commissioner to Safran and its subsidiaries
by decision of the Ministry of Defence of August 27, 2009
in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to
companies supplying military equipment under public contracts
or more generally engaged in the manufacturing or trading of such
equipment.

THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CENTRAL WORKS
COUNCIL

Isabelle Besson: executive in the Communications Department
of Safran,
Nabil Grine: account manager of Safran’s establishment located
at 2, boulevard du Général Martial-Valin, 75015 Paris, France,
appointed by the Central Works Council on April 26, 2012, like
its representatives on Safran's Board of Directors in accordance
with article L.2323-65 of the French Labor Code (Code du travail).

DIRECTORSHIPS EXPIRING IN 2013

The terms of office of seven Directors will expire at the close of the
2013 Annual General Meeting. These Directors are:

. Francis Mer;
* Jean-Marc Forneri;
. Michel Lucas; and

. the four Directors representing the French State, i-e.,
Christophe Burg, Astrid Milsan, Laure Reinhart and Michéle
Rousseau.

The Annual General Meeting of May 28, 2013 will be called to:

. Re-appoint Jean-Marc Forneri as a Director, as described in
section 8.2 of this Registration Document.

. Appoint Monique Cohen as a Director, as described in
section 8.2 of this Registration Document.

. Appoint Christian Streiff as a Director, as described in
section 8.2 of this Registration Document.

. Record the appointment by Ministerial Decree of four
Directors representing the French State, as described in
section 8.2 of this Registration Document.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors are described
in sections 6.5.1 and 7.1.2.1.

The Board of Directors’ meeting of April 21, 2011 approved
the Internal Rules that govern the operating procedures and
organization of the Board of Directors.

These Internal Rules are available on the Company's website
(http://www.safran-group.com, in the Finance section).

OTHER INFORMATION

INFORMATION ON SERVICE CONTRACTS BETWEEN
THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OR
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT AND THE COMPANY OR ONE
OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES

There are no service contracts between the members of the Board
of Directors or Executive Management and Safran or any of its
subsidiaries providing for the award of benefits.

DISCLOSURE OF FAMILY TIES AND THE ABSENCE OF
CONVICTIONS INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS OR EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

To the best of the Company's knowledge:

. there are no family ties between members of the Board of
Directors or Executive Management;

° no member of the Board of Directors or Executive
Management:

— has been convicted of fraud,

— has been a manager in a company when it filed for
bankruptcy or was placed in receivership or liquidation,

- has been officially charged and/or received sanctions
from a legal or regulatory authority,

- has been prohibited by a court of law from being
a member of an administrative, management
or supervisory body, or from participating in the
management or performance of a company's business.

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST AT BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT LEVEL

The Company has not been notified of any:

. potential conflicts of interest between the duties, with respect
to Safran, of any of the members of the Board of Directors
or Executive Management and their private interests and/or
other duties;

. arrangements or agreements with the principal shareholders,
customers, suppliers or other parties for the appointment of
members of the Board of Directors or Executive Management.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT/ SAFRAN [PZUA


--- Page 76 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

The management of conflicts of interest within the Board of
Directors is organized as follows (Articles 7.2 to 7.5 of the Board
of Directors’ Internal Rules):

all members of the Board of Directors must inform the Board
of Directors of any actual or potential conflicts of interest
between themselves (or any other individual or corporation
with which they have a business relationship) and the
Company, or any of the companies in which the Company
invests, or any of the companies with which the Company is
planning to conclude an agreement of any sort;

in the event that a member of the Board of Directors suspects
the existence of a conflict of interests, or a potential conflict
of interests, he/she must immediately inform the Chairman
of the Board of Directors whose responsibility it is to decide
whether or not to inform the Board of Directors and thus to
instigate the conflicts of interest management process;

. in the event that the member of the Board of Directors
discussed in the previous paragraph is the Chairman of the
Board of Directors him/herself, then he/she should inform
the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors or, failing that,
the Board of Directors;

. the member of the Board of Directors concerned must
abstain from voting on decisions relating to the conclusion
of the agreement in question and from taking part in any
discussions preceding the vote;

. in addition, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the
members of the Board of Directors, the CEO and, where
appropriate, the Deputy CEO(s) will not be obliged to transmit,
to any member(s) of the Board of Directors whom they have
serious reason to suspect may be subject to conflicts of
interest, information or documents relating to the agreement
or operation causing the conflict of interest in question, and
they will inform the Board of Directors of the non-transmission.

6.1.2 COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

In its meeting of April 21, 2011, the Board of Directors set up three
permanent committees:

an Audit and Risk Committee;
an Appointments and Compensation Committee; and
a Strategy and Major Projects Committee.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, set up further
Board committees.

The role, organization, operating procedures and work of each
committee are set out in section 6.5.1.


--- Page 77 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

6.1.3, EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

At its meeting on April 21, 2011, the Board of Directors opted to
combine the positions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer and appointed Jean-Paul Herteman to take
on these functions and the title of Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer for the duration of his term as Director, i.e., until the close
of the Annual General Meeting to be held to approve the financial
statements for the year ending December 31, 2014.

At this same meeting, the Board of Directors appointed Francis Mer
as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors for the duration of his
term as Director, i.e., until the close of the Annual General Meeting
to be held to approve the financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2012.

This appointment was made in accordance with Article 15.3 of the
bylaws which states that a Vice-Chairman must be appointed if the
same person holds the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer.

Finally, during its meeting of April 21, 2011, the Board of Directors
appointed the following members of staff as non-Director Deputy
Chief Executive Officers:

. Dominique-Jean Chertier;

. Ross Mcinnes;

. Marc Ventre;

with immediate effect and until the close of the Annual General
Meeting to be held to approve the financial statements for the year
ending December 31, 2014.

The Deputy Chief Executive Officer(s) shall have the same powers
as the Chief Executive Officer.

More specifically, Dominique-Jean Chertier, Deputy Chief Executive
Officer, Corporate Office, is responsible for the Corporate Office,
which deals with: Social Affairs, Human Resources, Property
and Legal Affairs, Institutional and European Affairs, Corporate
Communication (excluding financial communication), Health &
Safety, Sustainable Development and Industrial Protection. He is
also responsible for audit and internal control.

Ross Mcinnes, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance, is in charge
of the Finance Department (Management Control, Accounting,
Financial Communication, Cash Management, Financing, Tax
Issues), and the Risk and Insurance Department.

Marc Ventre, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Operations, is
responsible for managing the Group's operations, i.e., its industrial,
commercial and after-sales support activities and its programs.

Date of first
Members appointment Number of
of Executive Expiration of | Safranshares Main position
Management Functions term of office held Address
Jean-Paul Herteman Chief Executive Officer April 21,2011, 20,242" Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Safran
62 years 2015 AGM 2, bd du Général Martial-Valin, 75015 Paris
Dominique-Jean Deputy Chief Executive April 21, 2011 5,556 Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Safran
Chertier Officer, Corporate Office June 30, 2013" 2, bd du Général Martial-Valin, 75015 Paris
62 years
Ross Mcinnes Deputy Chief Executive April21,2011, 2,591" Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Safran
59 years. Officer, Finance 2015 AGM 2, bd du Général Martial-Valin, 75015 Paris
Marc Ventre Deputy Chief Executive April21,2011, 9,448" Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Safran
62 years Officer, Operations 2015 AGM 2, bd du Général Martial-Valin, 75015 Paris

(*) Indirectly via units in the Safran Group Corporate Mutual Fund (FCPE) (conversion based on the Safran share price as of January 31, 2013).
(*) The Board of Directors’ meeting of March 21, 2013 noted the resignation of Dominique-Jean Chertier as Deputy Chief Executive Officer with effect from
June 30, 2013 and decided to appoint Stéphane Abrial to replace him with effect from July 1, 2013.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 78 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

INFORMATION ON THE DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

DOMINIQUE-JEAN CHERTIER

EXPERTISE Born in 1950, Dominique-Jean Chertier has a post-graduate degree (DEA) in the arts and is a graduate
AND EXPERIENCE of the School of Information Sciences and Communication (Celsa). He started his professional career in
1976 as Assistant to the Director, Administration Services and Personnel at Renault International, where
his duties included conducting audit assignments in the subsidiaries outside France and assignments
regarding the establishment of Renault in the United States and Portugal.

In 1982, he joined Sacilor as Head of Employee Management Relations in the Group, to negotiate
and implement personnel restructurings related to the French Steel Plan. He became Director of
Human Resources at Air Inter in 1986. He was responsible, in particular, for personnel management
related to the renewal of the aircraft fleet and the launch of the Airbus A320, a complete overhaul of
the employee classification grid, as well as the development of contractual policy. During the period
between 1992 and 2002, as Director General of the French national association for employment in
trade and industry (Unédic), Dominique-Jean Chertier managed a large number of transformations
including reforms of the unemployment insurance information systems and the treasury system, putting
in place of statutory audits of the accounts and launching of the reorganization of the unemployment
authorities’ (Assedic) networks.

In March 2002, he joined the Snecma group as Vice-President, Human Resources but left this position
in May to become an advisor to the French Prime Minister on social affairs. He returned to Snecma in
October 2003 as Executive Vice-President, responsible for Social and Institutional Affairs, where he
coordinated the definition of the employment policy and internal and external communications for the
whole group. He also developed the group's relations with public institutions. In May 2005, when the
Safran Group was created, he became Executive Vice-President, responsible for Social and Institutional
Affairs. He was also a member of the Executive Board between 2007 and April 2011.

He was a member of the Economic and Social Council (CES), up to September 2010 and also Chairman
of the Board of Directors of Péle Emploi (the French unemployment agency), up to December 2011.
He is a member of the Employment Policy Council (COE). He has been on the Board of Directors of
Air France since September 15, 2004 and a member of Air France's Audit and Accounting Committee
since November 23, 2004.

On April 21, 2011 he was appointed Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Office of Safran.

In April 2012, he was appointed Director and member of the Audit Committee of Adecco (Switzerland).

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:

. Chairman and CEO: Etablissements Vallaroche

. Director: Safran Human Resources Support, Inc. (USA)

. Permanent representative of Etablissements Vallaroche on the Board of Directors: Vallaroche
Conseil

Non-Group:

. Director: Air France; Adecco" (Switzerland), since April 2012

OFFICES Safran Group:
THAT EXPIRED . . .
Member of the Executive Board: Safran, up to April 2011
INTHE LAST " prom
FIVE YEARS . Chairman of the Board of Directors: Safran Human Resources Support, Inc. (USA), up to
October 2010
. Director and Chairman of the Board: Safran Employment Services, Inc. (USA), up to December 2011
. Director: Safran Conseil, up to November 2009
. Permanent representative of Etablissements Vallaroche on the Board of Directors: Safran
Consulting (formerly Safran Conseil), up to June 2012
Non-Group:
. Chairman of the Board of Directors: Péle Emploi, up to December 2011
(1) Listed company.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 79 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

ROSS MCINNES

EXPERTISE
AND EXPERIENCE

Born in 1954, Ross Mcinnes has dual French and Australian nationality and is a graduate of Oxford
University. He started his career in 1977 with Kleinwort Benson bank, first of all in London then in Rio de
Janeiro. In 1980, he joined Continental Bank (now Bank of America) in which he held several positions
as Vice-President in the corporate finance arm, in Chicago and then in Paris.

In 1989, he chose to move to large multinational corporations and became Chief Financial Officer of
Ferruzzi Corporation of America. This group owned, in particular, Eridania Beghin Say, of which he
was appointed Chief Financial Officer in 1991, then a member of the Board of Directors in 1999. The
following year, Ross Mcinnes joined Thomson-CSF (now Thales) as Executive Vice-President and
Chief Financial Officer and assisted in the group's transformation, up to 2005. He then moved to PPR
(Pinault-Printemps-La Redoute) as Senior Vice-President for Finance and Strategy, before joining the
Supervisory Board of Générale de Santé in 2006. At the request of the Supervisory Board, he served
as acting Chairman of the Management Board of Générale de Santé from March to June 2007.
He then held the position of Vice-Chairman of Macquarie Capital Europe, specialized in particular in
infrastructure investments.

In March 2009, Ross Mclnnes joined Safran as special Advisor to the Chairman of the Executive Board,
before becoming Executive Vice-President, Economic and Financial Affairs in June of that year. He was
a member of the Executive Board of Safran between July 2009 and April 2011.

On April 21, 2011, he was appointed Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance.

CURRENT OFFICES

Safran Group:

. Director: Aircelle; Turbomeca; Messier-Bugatti-Dowty; Sagem Défense Sécurité; Morpho; Snecma;
Vallaroche Conseil; Safran USA, Inc. (USA)

. Permanent representative of Safran on the Board of Directors: Etablissements Vallaroche

. Permanent representative of Etablissements Vallaroche on the Board of Directors: Soreval
(Luxembourg)

Non-Group:
. Director: Faurecia'" (also Chairman of the Audit Committee); Financiére du Planier; Eutelsat
Communications” (also Chairman of the Audit Committee) since February 2013

. Permanent representative of Santé Europe Investissements Sarl on the Board of Directors:
Générale de Santé" (also member of the Audit Committee); Santé SA (Luxembourg)

OFFICES
THAT EXPIRED
IN THE LAST
FIVE YEARS

Safran Group:
. Member of the Executive Board: Safran, up to April 2011

. Permanent representative of Safran on the Board of Directors: Messier-Dowty SA, from
January 2011 to April 2011

. Director: Messier-Dowty SA, up to January 2011; SME, from April to September 2011

Non-Group:
. Chairman: Chartreuse & Mont-Blanc SAS, up to May 2009
. Vice-Chairman: Macquarie Capital Europe Ltd (UK), up to May 2009

. Director: Limoni SpA (Italy), up to February 2013, Santé SA (Luxembourg), up to May 2010;
Macquarie Autoroutes de France SAS, up to May 2009; Eiffarie SAS, up to June 2009; Société
des Autoroutes Paris-Rhin-Rhéne, up to June 2009; AREA — Société des Autoroutes Rhéne-Alpes,
up to June 2009; Adelac SAS, up to June 2009; Chartreuse & Mont-Blanc Global Holdings
SCA (Luxembourg), Chartreuse & Mont-Blanc GP Sarl (Luxembourg), Chartreuse & Mont-Blanc

Holdings Sarl (Luxembourg), up to May 2009; Bienfaisance Holding, up to June 2009
. Member of the Supervisory Board: Générale de Santé, up to May 2010; Pisto SAS, up to May 2009

. Permanent representative of Etablissements Vallaroche on the Board of Directors: La Financiére
de Brienne, up to January 2010

. Board Advisor: Générale de Santé"), up to June 2011

(1) Listed company.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 80 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT /

MARC VENTRE

EXPERTISE Born in 1950, Mare Ventre is a graduate of Ecole Centrale de Paris and holds a Master of Science
AND EXPERIENCE from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He joined Snecma in 1976, where he held various
positions related to materials science, in the Quality department at the Corbeil site. From 1979 to 1980,
he worked at General Electric Aircraft Engines in Cincinnati in the United States, where he represented
Snecma in connection with the development of the CFM56 engine, produced jointly by the two joint
venture partners.

From 1981 to 1988, after an assignment at the site in Villaroche, Marc Ventre became head of the
Quality department at the Snecma plant in Gennevillers.

He was Deputy Director of Production at Snecma from 1988 until 1991 when he was appointed as
Director of the Snecma plant in Gennevilliers. In 1994, he took up the position of Director of Production
and Procurement at Snecma thus covering all the industrial sites and procurement of all supplies by
Snecma during the restructuring of Snecma’s industrial plants and the ramp-up of CFM56 engine
production.

In 1998, he became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hispano-Suiza, then of Snecma Services
from 2000 to 2003, before being appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Snecma. At the
end of 2006, he joined Safran as Executive Vice-President of the Aerospace Propulsion branch including
the activities of Snecma, Turbomeca, Microturbo, Snecma Propulsion Solide and Techspace Aero.

He was a member of the Executive Board of Safran between July 2009 and April 2011.

Marc Ventre is also a member of the office and Board of the French Aerospace Industries Association
(GIFAS) and in January 2011 was appointed head of the Civil Aviation Research Council (CORAC). He
was Chairman of the Governing Board of Clean Sky, up to December 31, 2010. He has also served as
President of the Alumni Association and remains a Director of Ecole Centrale de Paris.

On April 21, 2011, he was appointed Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Operations of Safran.

CURRENT OFFICES Safran Group:

. Director: Techspace Aero (Belgium)

. Permanent representative of Safran on the Board of Directors: Snecma; Turbomeca; Aircelle;
Herakles (formerly SME); Labinal; Hispano-Suiza and Messier-Bugatti-Dowty.

Non-Group:

. Member of the Supervisory Board: Radial”

. Director: Nexcelle, LLC (USA)

OFFICES Safran Group:
Niet. . Member of the Executive Board: Safran, up to April 2011

FIVE YEARS . Director: Snecma Services, up to February 2009

. Permanent representative of Safran on the Board of Directors: Snecma Propulsion Solide, up to
April 2012; Europropulsion, up to July 2011

Non-Group:

. Permanent representative of Safran on the Board of Directors: Arianespace Participation and
Arianespace SA, up to September 2011

(1) Listed company.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 81 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER COMPENSATION /

EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER

COMPENSATION

6.2.1 PRINCIPLES AND RULES FOR DETERMINING
THE COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

FIXED AND VARIABLE COMPENSATION,
BENEFITS-IN-KIND

Since May 1, 2011, the compensation of the Chief Executive
Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officers, set by the Board of
Directors, upon the recommendations of the Appointments and
Compensation Committee has been comprised of a fixed and
a variable component. Two thirds of the variable component is
determined on the basis of financial objectives and one third on
individual objectives for each fiscal year. Management executives
receive a company car as a benefit-in-kind.

FIXED COMPENSATION

At the Board of Directors’ meeting of May 26, 2011, the Executive
Corporate Officers’ fixed annual compensation was set as follows:

. Jean-Paul Herteman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:
€730,000 (up to January 1, 2014)

. Dominique-Jean Chertier (Deputy Chief Executive Officer,
Corporate Office): €480,000 (up to January 1, 2014)

. Ross Mcinnes (Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance):
€420,000 (up to January 1, 2013)

. Marc Ventre (Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Operations):
€400,000 (up to January 1, 2013)

At its meeting of December 12, 2012, the Board of Directors set
the fixed annual compensation of Ross Mclinnes and Marc Ventre
as follows:

. Ross Mcinnes (Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance):
€500,000 (up to January 1, 2016)

. Marc Ventre (Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Operations):
€500,000 (up to January 1, 2016)

VARIABLE COMPENSATION

The Board of Directors decided to define financial objectives with
reference to EBIT, free cash flow and working capital (WC). The
Board weighs these three performance metrics every fiscal year.
The Board also establishes the threshold and maximum levels for
each metric, as well as an aggregate maximum level.

Individual objectives (four to five maximum) are determined by
the Board of Directors for each fiscal year. These objectives
are not based on the responsibilities related to the executive
corporate officers’ position but on specific objectives relative to
key performance criteria.

Variable compensation for 2012

For 2012, at its meetings of February 22 and May 23, 2012, the
Board of Directors determined the financial performance criteria
based on the following components:

. Weighting:
— EBIT: 60%,
— WC: 20%, and,
— free cash flow: 20%;
. threshold levels (based on annual budgets):
— 80% of EBIT target,

— 135% of budgeted WC (no variable compensation on
this metric if the value of WC is higher than 135% of
budgeted WC), and

-— 65% of free cash flow target.
Calculation methods based on threshold and maximum levels used:

. the threshold level of each performance metric results in the
allocation of variable compensation (from 0 to 100% when
the budget is met);

. the following maximum levels are applied to each metric:

- if 130% (or more) of the EBIT target is achieved, the
highest percentage of variable compensation will be
payable for this metric,

— if 65% (or less) of the WC target is achieved, the highest
percentage of variable compensation will be payable for
this metric, and

— if 130% (or more) of the free cash flow target is achieved,
the highest percentage of variable compensation will be
payable for this metric.

Total variable compensation can reach 100% of fixed compensation
and up to 130% if performance, which can be assessed based
on both individual and financial objectives, is exceeded and
substantiated.

At its meetings of February 22 and May 23, 2012, the Board of
Directors also determined the management executives’ individual
objectives and the various payment methods. These objectives
are quantifiable and measurable, they are not solely financial, and
mainly relate to the Group's main strategic challenges in terms of
programs and external growth. They cannot be disclosed in this
Registration Document for reasons of strategic and competitive
sensitivity.

At its meeting of February 20, 2013, the Board of Directors reviewed
the achievement of objectives set for the variable compensation
payable to the management executives for 2012, upon consultation
with the Appointments and Compensation Committee.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 82 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER COMPENSATION /

Based on 2012 results, the Group's financial performance criteria
were exceeded. The individual achievement rate for quantitative
criteria was specifically determined but is not disclosed for
confidentiality reasons.

The achievement rate of the variable compensation objectives set
for 2012 resulted in the following variable compensation payments:

. Jean-Paul Herteman (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer):
€706,000

. Dominique-Jean Chertier (Deputy Chief Executive Officer,
Corporate Office): €512,000

. Ross Mcinnes (Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance):
€441,000

. Marc Ventre (Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Operations):
€420,000

Variable compensation for 2013

For 2013, at its meetings of December 12, 2012, the Board of
Directors determined the financial performance criteria based on
‘the following components:

. Weighting:
- EBIT: 60%,
-— WC: 10%, and
— free cash flow: 30%;
. threshold levels (based on annual budgets):
- 80% of EBIT target,

- 135% of budgeted WC (no variable compensation on
this metric if the value of WC is higher than 135% of
budgeted WC), and

— 65% of free cash flow target.

Calculation methods based on threshold and maximum levels used:

. the threshold level of each performance metric results in the
allocation of variable compensation (from 0 to 100% when
the budget is met);

. the following maximum levels will be applied to each metric:

— if 130% (or more) of the EBIT target is achieved, the
highest percentage of variable compensation will be
payable for this metric,

— if 65% (or less) of the WC target is achieved, the highest
percentage of variable compensation will be payable for
this metric, and

— if 180% (or more) of the free cash flow target is achieved,
the highest percentage of variable compensation will be
payable for this metric.

Total variable compensation can reach 100% of fixed compensation
and up to 130% if performance, which can be assessed based

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

on both individual and financial objectives, is exceeded and
substantiated. This compensation structure applies to other senior
executives who are eligible for bonus payments within the Group.

In its meeting of December 12, 2012, the Board of Directors also
determined individual objectives that were not solely financial and
whose achievement was quantifiable and measurable. The different
components of variable compensation mainly relate to the Group's
main strategic challenges in terms of programs and external growth.
They cannot be disclosed in this Registration Document for reasons
of strategic and competitive sensitivity.

SPECIFIC SUPPLEMENTARY PENSION PLAN

No specific supplementary pension plan has been set up for
Executive Management.

In the event that a supplementary pension plan is set up for all
Group senior executives, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
would be covered by this plan provided the performance conditions,
identical to those governing the removal from office, are met, in
accordance with the Board of Directors’ decision of April 21, 2011.
Shareholders voted against the resolution dealing with this related-
party commitment at the May 31, 2012 Ordinary and Extraordinary
Shareholders’ Meeting.

OTHER

In their former capacity as employees, the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers were
previously members of the defined contribution supplementary
pension plans set up for the Company's executives.

At its meeting of July 27, 2011, the Board of Directors decided
to authorize Jean-Paul Herteman, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, and Dominique-Jean Chertier, Ross Mcinnes and Marc
Ventre, Deputy Chief Executive Officers, to continue to be covered
by these supplementary pension plans in accordance with the
provisions of article L.225-42-1 of the French Commercial Code
(Code de commerce), in the same conditions as the personnel
concerned. The contributions and benefits are based on the
compensation (fixed and variable) that they receive for their role as.
Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer.

Shareholders voted against the resolution dealing with this related-
party commitment at the May 31, 2012 Ordinary and Extraordinary
Shareholders’ Meeting.

However, the Company continued to meet these commitments
which were validly authorized by the Board of Directors in
accordance with article L.225 -41 of the French Commercial Code.


--- Page 83 ---

COMPENSATION OR BENEFITS PAID
IN RESPECT OF THE TERMINATION OF
OFFICE OR A CHANGE OF DUTIES

According to the Board of Directors decision of April 21, 2011,
taken pursuant to article L.225-42-1 of the French Commercial
Code, in the case of early termination of the term of office of
Jean-Paul Herteman as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for
any reason whatsoever, save serious or gross misconduct (including
the consequences of a merger with another company or absorption
by another company, a health incident or strategic differences
with the other Board members), he will be entitled to a termination
payment equal to two years of fixed and variable compensation.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER COMPENSATION /

The reference compensation will be equal to the average fixed and
variable compensation received during the three years preceding
his termination.

This payment will be made only if the variable compensation
received over the three fiscal years preceding his termination is
equal to or higher than 80% of the target variable compensation.

Otherwise, the amount of the termination payment will be reduced
or eliminated as decided by the Board of Directors.

Shareholders voted against the resolution dealing with this related-
party commitment at the May 31, 2012 Ordinary and Extraordinary
Shareholders’ Meeting.

SUMMARY TABLES SHOWING THE INDIVIDUAL COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE

MANAGEMENT

JEAN-PAUL HERTEMAN, CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Summary of compensation, stock options
and shares granted

2011

Compensation due for the year
(broken down in the table below)
Value of options granted during the year

Value of performance shares granted during the year

incl. a fixed component of €730,000

No performance shares granted

€1,472,136 €1,480,748
incl. a fixed component of €730,000
No options granted No options granted

No performance shares granted

aon a ee

Summary of
compensation Amounts due Amounts paid Amounts due Amounts paid
(gross) for the year" during the year for the year during the year
Fixed compensation €730,000 €730,000 €730,000 €730,000
Variable compensation €708,100 €700,000” €706,000 €708,100"
Extraordinary compensation None None None None
Attendance fees €28,293°) None €40,657 €28,2939
Benefits-in-kind® €5,743 €5,743 €4,091 €4,091
TOTAL €1,472,136 €1,435,743 €1,480,748 €1,470,484

incl. a fixed incl. a fixed incl. a fixed incl. a fixed

component component component component

of €730,000 of €730,000 of €730,000 of €730,000

(1) As Chairman of the Executive Board, up to April 21, 2011 and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from April 21, 2011.

(2) For 2010.

(3) From April 21, 2011 to December 31, 2011, for his terms of office as Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors.

(4) Company car.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 84 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER COMPENSATION /

DOMINIQUE-JEAN CHERTIER, DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CORPORATE OFFICE

Summary of compensation, stock options
and shares granted 2011

Compensation due for the year €959,502 €996,846
(broken down in the table below) incl. a fixed component of €480,000 _ incl. a fixed component of €480,000
Value of options granted during the year No options granted No options granted
Value of performance shares granted during the year No performance No performance shares granted

2011
Summary of
compensation Amounts due Amounts paid Amounts due
(gross) for the year" during the year for the year during the year
Fixed compensation €480,000 €480,000 €480,000 €480,000
Variable compensation €465,600 €449,4002 €512,000 €465,600"
Extraordinary compensation €9,056° €22,676" None €9,056°
Attendance fees None None None None
Benefits-in-kind® €4,846 €4,846 €4,846 €4,846
TOTAL €959,502 €956,922 €996,846 €959,502
incl. a fixed incl. a fixed incl. a fixed incl. a fixed
component component component component
of €480,000 of €480,000 of €480,000 of €480,000

(1) As Executive Vice-President, Social, Institutional and Legal Affairs, up to April 21, 2011 and as Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Office, from April 21, 2011.
(2)For 2010.

(3) Payments for the period from January 1 to April 21, 2011 under statutory and optional profit-sharing schemes; 2012 Company contribution.

(4) Payments for 2010 under statutory and optional profit-sharing schemes; 2011 Company contribution.

(5) Company car.

ROSS MCINNES, DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, FINANCE

Summary of compensation, stock options
and shares granted 2011

Compensation due for the year €901,745 €865,091
(broken down in the table below) incl. a fixed component of €428,333 _ incl. a fixed component of €420,000
Value of options granted during the year No options granted No options granted
Value of performance shares granted during the year No performance shares granted No performance shares granted
summary of mnt a ee
compensation Amounts due Amounts paid Amounts due Amounts paid
(gross) for the year during the year for the year during the year
Fixed compensation €428,333 €428,333 €420,000 €420,000
Variable compensation €459,583 €417,2002 €441,000 €459,583"
Extraordinary compensation €9,056° €22,676" None €9,056°
Attendance fees None None None None
Benefits-in-kind® €4,773 €4,773 €4,091 €4,091
TOTAL €901,745 €872,982 €865,091 €892,730
incl. a fixed incl. a fixed incl. a fixed incl. a fixed
component component component component
of €428,333 of €428,333 of €420,000 of €420,000

(1) As Executive Vice-President, Economic and Financial Affairs, up to April 21, 2011 and as Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance, from April 21, 2011.
(2)For 2010.

(3) Payments for the period from January 1 to April 21, 2011 under statutory and optional profit-sharing schemes; 2012 Company contribution.

(4) Payments for 2010 under statutory and optional profit-sharing schemes; 2011 Company contribution.

(5) Company car: €4,091 in 2011 and €4,091 in 2012.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 85 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER COMPENSATION /

MARC VENTRE, DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, OPERATIONS

Summary of compensation, stock options and
shares granted 2011

Compensation due for the year €871,747 €824,003
(broken down in the table below) incl. a fixed component of €412,500 _ incl. a fixed component of €400,000
Value of options granted during the year No options granted No options granted
Value of performance shares granted during the year No performance shares granted No performance shares granted

summary of 201 a ee
compensation Amounts due Amounts paid Amounts due id
(gross) for the year” during the year for the year during the year

Fixed compensation €412,500 €412,500 €400,000 €400,000
Variable compensation €447,500 €432,500° €420,000 €447,500"
Extraordinary compensation €7,056° €20,676" None €7,056°
Attendance fees None None None None
Benefits-in-kind® €4,691 €4,691 €4,003 €4,003
TOTAL €871,747 €870,367 €824,003 €858,559
incl. a fixed incl. a fixed incl. a fixed incl. a fixed
component component component component
of €412,500 of €412,500 of €400,000 of €400,000

(1) As Executive Vice-President, Aerospace Propulsion branch, up to April 21, 2011 and as Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Operations from April 21, 2011.
(2) For 2010.

(3) Payments for the period from January 1 to April 21, 2011 under statutory and optional profit-sharing schemes.

(4) Payments for 2010 under statutory and optional profit-sharing schemes.

(5) Company car: €4,661 in 2011 and €4,003 in 2012.

SUMMARY TABLE OF EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS, SUPPLEMENTARY PENSION PLANS AND TERMINATION BENEFITS
OF THE EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM

Compensation or benefits
liable to be due for termination
Supplementary of office, change in duties, or

Name Position Employment contract pension plan non-competition agreements
Jean-Paul Herteman Chairman and CEO No” No# Yes”)
Dominique-Jean Chertier Deputy Chief Executive Officer Suspended® No" No
Ross Mcinnes Deputy Chief Executive Officer Suspended® No No.
Marc Ventre Deputy Chief Executive Officer Suspended® No" No

(1) His employment contract terminated on April 21, 2011.

(2) Commitment in respect of the termination of the duties of Chief Executive Officer (see section 6.2.1 - Principles and rules for determining the compensation of
Executive Management).

(3) Employment contract suspended since April 21, 2011.

(4) No specific supplementary pension plan has been set up for Executive Management, whose members benefit from the Group's collective supplementary pension
plans (see sections 6.2.1, page 264 and 8.5.1).

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 86 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER COMPENSATION /

6.2.2 PRINCIPLES AND RULES FOR DETERMINING
THE COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD

OF DIRECTORS

COMPENSATION, ATTENDANCE FEES

STOCK OPTIONS

Only the two Directors representing employee shareholders have an
employment contract with the Company and their salaries, received
under their employment contracts with Safran, are not disclosed.

The other members of the Board of Directors, except for the
Chairman and CEO, Jean-Paul Herteman, only receive attendance
fees as compensation.

The attendance fees are provided for in Article 17 of the Company's
bylaws. The total amount of attendance fees was set by the
Shareholders’ Meeting of May 31, 2012 at €670,000 for 2012.

The methods of allocation of the total amount of attendance fees
are set by the Board of Directors’ Internal Rules. Directors waive
the right to a portion of these fees in favor of the Board Advisor(s),
representing 4.5% of the total amount. A fixed portion of these
fees, representing half of the balance (total amount minus the Board
Advisors’ portion), is split among Directors based on the number
of shares they own, the Chairman and Vice-Chairman having each
one share and a half and the Directors one share. The remaining half
of the balance is allocated according to (i) committee membership
and (ii) the rate of attendance by members at Board of Directors’
meetings and the meetings of the committees to which they belong.
In accordance with legal provisions, attendance fees allocated to
representatives of the French State are paid to the French Treasury.

At its meeting of February 20, 2013, the Board of Directors decided
to allocate the attendance fees for 2012 pursuant to these rules.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

None.

PERFORMANCE SHARES

None.

FREE SHARE GRANTS

Among the members of the Board of Directors, only the
representatives of the employee shareholders benefited, in their
capacity as employees of the Company, from the grant of 100
existing Safran shares free of consideration, delivered in April 2011,
in relation to the share grant plans set up by the Executive Board on
April 3, 2009 to employees of Group companies within the scope
of the European Works Council.



--- Page 87 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICER COMPENSATION /

SUMMARY TABLE OF ATTENDANCE FEES PAID TO NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Amount of attendance fees (gross)
For the period from April 21

Members of the Board of Directors to December 31, 2011 2012
(excluding representatives of the French State) (paid in 2012)" (paid in 2013)?
Francis Mer® €44,195 €63,508.92
Marc Aubry €21,336 €30,659.48
Giovanni Bisignani €34,058 €48,940.91
Jean-Lou Chameau €21,336 €30,659.48
Odile Desforges €27,697 €39,800.19
Jean-Marc Forneri €30,877 €44,370.55
Christian Halary® €21,336 €30,659.48
Xavier Lagarde €27,697 €39,800.19
Michel Lucas® €30,877 €44,370.55
Elisabeth Lulin €27,697 €39,800.19
TOTAL ATTENDANCE FEES PAID TO MEMBERS OF THE BOARD

OF DIRECTORS EXCLUDING REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FRENCH STATE €287,106 €412,569.95
Payment to the French Treasury for State representatives” €129,870 €186,622.91
Total attendance fees paid to non-executive Directors €416,976 €599,192.86"

(1) In light of the change in corporate governance decided by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 21, 2011, the shareholders set the amount of attendance fees of
€670,000 for 2011, in the 21* resolution, as follows:
- the amount of attendance fees allocated to the Supervisory Board for the first part of 2011, up until the date of the Shareholders' Meeting was set at €203,700;

and
- the amount of attendance fees allocated to the Board of Directors for the second part of 2011, starting on the date of the Shareholders' Meeting was set
at €466,300.

(2) Before 21% withholding tax for natural persons tax-domiciled in France (in accordance with article 117 quater of the French Tax Code (Code général des impéts))
and social security contributions of 15.5%.

(3) Francis Mer was paid attendance fees of €14,934 (gross) for his duties as Chairman of the Supervisory Board for the period January 1 to April 21, 2011, bringing
the total amount of attendance fees paid to him to €59, 129 for 2011

(4) Jean-Marc Forneri was paid attendance fees of €9,710 (gross) for his duties as member of the Supervisory Board for the period January 1 to April 21, 2011,
bringing the total amount of attendance fees paid to him to €40,587 for 2011

(5) Christian Halary was paid attendance fees of €10,755 (gross) for his duties as member of the Supervisory Board for the period January 1 to April 21, 2011, bringing
the total amount of attendance fees paid to him to €32,091 for 2011

(6) Michel Lucas was paid attendance fees of €12,844 for his duties as member of the Supervisory Board for the period January 1 to April 21, 2011, bringing the total
amount of attendance fees paid to him to €43,721 for 2011

(7) The French Treasury was paid attendance fees of €47, 198 for four members of the Supervisory Board representing the French State for the period January 1
to April 21, 2011, bringing the total amount of attendance fees paid to the French Treasury to €177,068 for 2011

(8) Plus attendance fees of €28,293 paid to Jean-Paul Herteman, as executive Director and attendance fees of €20,984 paid to Caroline Grégoire-Sainte Marie,
as Board Advisor.

(9) Jean-Paul Herteman was paid attendance fees of €40,657.14, as executive Director, and Caroline Grégoire-Sainte Marie was paid attendance fees of €30,150,
as Board Advisor, bringing the total amount of attendance fees to €670,000 for 2012.

SUMMARY TABLE OF FREE SHARES GRANTED TO MEMBERS
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Total number of free shares
Date of share granted (due to their status

Members grant plan as Safran employees) Share value Vesting date Availability date
Marc Aubry April 3, 2009 100 €7.54 = April 3, 2011 April 3, 2013
Christian Halary April 3, 2009 100 €7.54 = April 3, 2011 April 3, 2013

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 88 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ SHARE TRANSACTIONS PERFORMED BY CORPORATE OFFICERS AND OTHER MANAGERS /

SHARE TRANSACTIONS PERFORMED BY
CORPORATE OFFICERS AND OTHER MANAGERS

The transactions performed in 2012 in Safran shares and related financial instruments by Safran's corporate officers, management executives,
other managers and persons having close personal links with them, referred to in a) to c) of article L.621-18-2 of the French Monetary and
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), and of which the Company is aware, are as follows:

Person making the disclosure Nature of the transaction Value date Number of shares Price per share
Marc Aubry Acauisition” January 27, 2012 450°) €23.265
Bruno Cotté Acauisition” January 27, 2012 450°) €23.265
Christian Halary Acauisition” January 27, 2012 450°) €23.265
Yves Leclére Acauisition” January 27, 2012 450°) €23.265
Philippe Petitcolin Acquisition" January 27, 2012 450° €23.265
Marc Aubry Acauisition® February 28, 2012 799) €23.265
Dominique-Jean Chertier Acauisition® February 28, 2012 110° €24.62
Jean-Pierre Cojan Acauisition® February 28, 2012 330°) €24.62
Bruno Cotté Acauisition® February 28, 2012 66° €24.62
Yves Leclére Acquisition February 28, 2012 330° €24.62
Ross Mcinnes Acauisition® February 28, 2012 110° €24.62
Philippe Petitcolin Acauisition® February 28, 2012 330°) €24.62
Dominique-Jean Chertier Acauisition March 30, 2012 38° €27.555
Jean-Pierre Cojan Acauisition March 30, 2012 116° €27.555
Bruno Cotté Acquisition March 30, 2012 23°) €27.555
Xavier Lagarde Acauisition March 30, 2012 107° €27.555
Yves Leclére Acauisition March 30, 2012 116° €27.555
Ross Mclnnes Acquisition March 30, 2012 338°) €27.555
Philippe Petitcolin Acauisition March 30, 2012 116° €27.555
Xavier Lagarde Sale March 31, 2012 12,067 €27.555
Christian Halary Acauisition® April 26, 2012 107° €28.00
Marc Aubry Acauisition® June 5, 2012 360 €26.545
Dominique-Jean Chertier Acquisition” June 5, 2012 73°) €26.545
Jean-Pierre Cojan Acauisition® June 5, 2012 65° €26.545
Bruno Cotté Acauisition® June 5, 2012 148) €26.545
Christian Halary Acauisition® June 5, 2012 319 €26.545
Jean-Paul Herteman Acauisition® June 5, 2012 265") €26.545
Xavier Lagarde Acquisition” June 5, 2012 88" €26.545
Yves Leclére Acauisition® June 5, 2012 285") €26.545
Ross Mcinnes Acauisition® June 5, 2012 330 €26.545
Philippe Petitcolin Acauisition® June 5, 2012 179° €26.545
Marc Ventre: Acauisition® June 5, 2012 128° €26.545
Marc Aubry Acquisition June 25, 2012 55") €28.03
Dominique-Jean Chertier Acauisition® June 25, 2012 96° €28.03
Jean-Pierre Cojan Acauisition® June 25, 2012 290") €28.03
Bruno Cotté Acauisition® June 25, 2012 58° €28.03
Xavier Lagarde Acauisition® June 25, 2012 532°) €28.03

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /


--- Page 89 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ SHARE TRANSACTIONS PERFORMED BY CORPORATE OFFICERS AND OTHER MANAGERS /

Person making the disclosure Nature of the transaction Value date Number of shares Price per share
Yves Leclére Acquisition” June 25, 2012 290° €28.03
Ross Mclnnes Acquisition” June 25, 2012 96° €28.03
Philippe Petitcolin Acquisition” June 25, 2012 290° €28.03
Marc Aubry Acquisition® June 29, 2012 63° €29.20
Dominique-Jean Chertier Acquisition® June 29, 2012 63° €29.20
Jean-Pierre Cojan Acquisition® June 29, 2012 63° €29.20
Bruno Cotté Acquisition® June 29, 2012 59° €29.20
Christian Halary Acquisition® June 29, 2012 55° €29.20
Yves Leclére Acquisition® June 29, 2012 63° €29.20
Ross Mclnnes Acquisition® June 29, 2012 63° €29.20
Philippe Petitcolin Acquisition® June 29, 2012 63° €29.20
Christian Halary Sale September 20, 2012 400 €28.20
Marc Aubry Sale October 26, 2012 443° €30.16
Christian Halary Sale October 29, 2012 330° €30.195
Christian Halary Sale November 5, 2012 203° €30.81
Marc Aubry Acquisition® December 17, 2012 22°) €32.47
Dominique-Jean Chertier Acquisition® December 17, 2012 52° €32.47
Jean-Pierre Cojan Acquisition® December 17, 2012 48° €32.47
Bruno Cotté Acquisition® December 17, 2012 10° €32.47
Christian Halary Acquisition December 17, 2012 17% €32.47
Jean-Paul Herteman Acquisition® December 17, 2012 182° €32.47
Xavier Lagarde Acquisition® December 17, 2012 66" €32.47
Yves Leclére Acquisition® December 17, 2012 199° €32.47
Ross Mcinnes Acquisition® December 17, 2012 240 €32.47
Philippe Petitcolin Acquisition December 17, 2012 127% €32.47
Marc Ventre Acquisition® December 17, 2012 89° €32.47

(1) Leveraged transaction.
(2) Optional employee profit-sharing.

(3) Number of subscribed shares corresponding to units in the Safran Group corporate mutual fund.
(4) Statutory employee profit-sharing.

(5) Company contribution.

(6) Automatic investment of dividend and interim dividend in the Group employee savings plan.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 90 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ AUDIT FEES /

AUDIT FEES

Pursuant to article R.233-14, paragraph 17 of the French Commercial Code, the following table shows the amount of the fees paid to the
Group's Statutory Auditors as included on the consolidated income statement for the fiscal year, a distinction being made between fees
charged for the statutory audit of the consolidated financial statements and those charged for advice and services falling within the scope
of assistance directly related to the statutory audit engagement with regard to the consolidated financial statements. The fees shown for
subsidiaries are those consolidated according to the full consolidation method.

Ernst & Young Mazars TOTAL
Amount (excl. VAT) % Amount (excl. VAT) % Amount (excl. VAT) %

(in € millions) 2011 0 2011 Ea 2011 2011 2011 == 2011 Ez
Audit
1) Statutory audit, certification, review of parent company and consolidated financial statements
1.a) Safran (issuer) 0.50 0.65, 14% 16% 0.50 0.65 11% 15% 1.00 1.30 12% 16%
1.b) Subsidiaries 2.78 2.86 77% 72% 3.69 3.01 78% 72% 6.47 5.87 78% 72%
2) Other engagements and services directly related to the statutory audit engagement
2.a) Safran (issuer) 0.09 0.19 2% 5% 0.09 0.19 2% 4% 0.18 0.38 2% 5%
2.b) Subsidiaries 0.07 0.26 2% 7% 0.42 0.38 9% 9% 0.49 0.64 6% 7%
Sub-total 3.44 3.96 95% 100% 4.70 4.23. 100% 100% 8.14 8.19 98% 100%
Other services rendered by the network to fully consolidated subsidiaries
3.a) Legal, tax,

employee-

related 0.02 > 1% 2 - > - > 0.02 > - >
3.b) Other (provide

details if >10%

of audit fees) 0.13 - 4% - - - - - 0.13 - 2% -
Sub-total 0.15 - 5% - - - - - 0.15 0.00 2% -
TOTAL 3.59 3.96 100% 100% 4.70 4.23. 100% 100% 8.29 8.19 100% 100%

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /



--- Page 91 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ AUDIT FEES /

NOTE 1 - STATUTORY AUDIT, CERTIFICATION, REVIEW OF PARENT COMPANY
AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

These services include, but are not limited to, the engagements defined by applicable laws and regulations and set out in sections 2, 5 and
6 of the manual of professional standards drafted by the French institute of Statutory Auditors (Compagnie nationale des commissaires
aux comptes - CNCC).

They mainly concern the professional services rendered by the Statutory Auditors and other persons responsible for audits, members
of their networks, certifying the parent company and consolidated financial statements of the parent company and fully consolidated
subsidiaries in France and abroad.

NOTE 2 - OTHER ENGAGEMENTS AND SERVICES DIRECTLY RELATED
TO THE STATUTORY AUDIT ENGAGEMENT

Other engagements and services directly related to the audit engagement and rendered by the Statutory Auditor or a member of its
network concern services entering into the scope of services usually rendered in conjunction with the statutory audit engagement (drafting
of specific reports and statements, due diligence procedures on the acquisition or divestment of an activity or of companies to be included
in or removed from the scope of consolidation).

NOTE 3 - LEGAL AND TAX SERVICES

The services concerned are assignments for the provision of legal or tax assistance in general on a non-recurring basis and by agreement.
These engagements mainly concern assistance with fulfilling tax requirements not related to the statutory audit engagement carried out
outside France.

NOTE 4 - OTHER SERVICES

These services cover all other specific assignments in general on a non-recurring basis and by agreement.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 92 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

65] REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 28, 2013,
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF ARTICLE L.225-37

OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE (CODE DE COMMERCE)

To prepare this report, the Chairman of the Board of Directors consulted the Audit and Internal Control Department and the Group Risk
and Insurance Department. This report was reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee on March 18, 2013 before being submitted to the
Board of Directors, which approved it at its meeting on March 21, 2013.

6.5.1 COMPOSITION, ORGANIZATION AND WORK
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

THE COMPANY'S CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
Shareholders at the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’

Meeting on April 21, 2011 approved the adoption of a governance
structure with a Board of Directors and appointed its members.

REFERENCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Safran refers to the “Corporate Governance Code of Listed
Corporations”, drawn up jointly by two French employers’
associations, AFEP" and MEDEF”, and last updated in April 2010.
Where certain recommendations included in this code are not
implemented, this is justified in section 6.5.3 “Application of the
AFEP-MEDEF Corporate Governance Code” of this report.

MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

MEMBERSHIP STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS

The composition of the Safran Board of Directors is subject to the
provisions of French ordinary law applicable to sociétés anonymes
(corporations). However, since the French State owns more than
10% of the share capital, pursuant to article 12 of French Law
49-985 of July 25, 1949, a number of seats are reserved for the
French State in proportion to its stake.

(1) AFEP: Association Francaise des Entreprises Privées.
(2) MEDEF: Mouvement des Entreprises de France.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

There are 15 members on the Board of Directors. They include four
representatives of the French State appointed by Ministerial Decree
and two representatives of employee shareholders.

One Board Advisor appointed by shareholders in a General
Shareholders' Meeting also attends Board of Directors' meetings
in an advisory capacity, along with a Government Commissioner
appointed by decision of the Ministry of Defence in accordance
with the regulations applicable in the Company's activities, and
two representatives of the Central Works Council in accordance
with the French Labor Code (Code du travail).

The Statutory Auditors are invited to the Board meetings during
which the annual and interim financial statements and the
documents prepared for General Shareholders' Meetings are
reviewed. They may also be invited to any other Board meeting.
In accordance with the Board of Directors’ Internal Rules, depending
on the matters discussed, the Chairman of the Board of Directors
may invite any person to attend Board of Directors’ meetings that
he deems may be able to provide Board members with helpful
information on an agenda item.

As of December 31, 2012, the Board of Directors was composed
of the following members:

. Jean-Paul Herteman (Chairman), a French national;
. Francis Mer (Vice-Chairman), a French national;

. Marc Aubry (representative of employee shareholders), a
French national;

. Giovanni Bisignani (independent Director), an Italian national;


--- Page 93 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

. Christophe Burg (French State representative), a French
national;

. Jean-Lou Chameau (independent Director), a French and
American national;

. Odile Desforges (independent Director), a French national;
. Jean-Marc Forneri (independent Director), a French national;

. Christian Halary (representative of employee shareholders),
a French national;

. Xavier Lagarde, a French national;

. Michel Lucas, a French national;

. Elisabeth Lulin (independent Director), a French national;

. Astrid Milsan (French State representative), a French national;

. Michéle Rousseau (French State representative), a French
national;

. Laure Reinhart (French State representative), a French
national.

No changes in the composition of the Board of Directors took
place in 2012.

An advisor to the Board of Directors was appointed by the Ordinary
and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21, 2011.

FEMALE REPRESENTATION ON THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors has five female members. The proportion of
women on the Board of Directors is one-third of the members. This
is higher than the proportion recommended by the AFEP-MEDEF
Code, which sets a target of at least 20% for female board
members in 2013.

DURATION OF THE TERMS OF OFFICE OF THE MEMBERS
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The members of the Board of Directors are appointed by the
Ordinary General Meeting for five-year terms.

By way of exception to the five-year term, the terms of office of
the Company's first Directors, appointed by the Annual General
Meeting held on April 21, 2011 (other than Directors representing
employee shareholders whose term of office is five years) are set
for different periods in order to make the staggered re-election of
Directors possible.

COMPULSORY SHAREHOLDINGS

In accordance with Article 14.5 of the Company's bylaws, each
Director — other than the representatives of the French State and
Directors representing employee shareholders — shall be required
to own a certain number of shares in the Company in accordance
with the terms and conditions set down in the Board of Directors’
Internal Rules.

Article 11.1 of the Board of Directors’ Internal Rules established a
shareholding obligation of at least 500 shares.

CONFIDENTIALITY
TRANSACTIONS IN THE COMPANY'S SHARES

Members of the Board of Directors and all individuals who attend
Board meetings are under obligations of confidentiality and
discretion with respect to information provided to them in this
context.

INDEPENDENCE OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS

Independent Directors are those who do not have any relationship
whatsoever with the Company, the Group or its Management that
may compromise their freedom of opinion.

A Director is deemed independent when he meets all of the
following conditions (Article 2.4 of the Board of Directors’ Internal
Rules and Article 8.4 of the AFEP-MEDEF Code); thus a Director
cannot:

. have been during the five years preceding his/her first
appointment as a Director of the Company, an employee
or corporate officer of the Company or one of the Group's
companies, and be, at the time of his/her appointment, an
employee of the Company or an employee or corporate
officer of one the Group's companies;

. be a corporate officer of a company in which the Company
holds, directly or indirectly, a directorship or serves as a
member of the Supervisory Board;

. be a corporate officer of a company in which an employee
appointed as such or a corporate officer of the Company
(currently or within the last five years) holds a directorship or
serves as a member of the Supervisory Board;

. be a significant client, supplier, investment bank, or financing
bank of the Company or the Group, or for which the Company
or the Group represents a significant portion of the activity;

. participate, for Directors who have duties in one or more
banks, in (i) preparing or soliciting offers for services from
one or more of these banks with the Company or one of
the Group's companies, (ii) the work of one of these banks
in event of the performance of a mandate entrusted to this
bank by the Company or one of the Group's companies or
(iii) voting on any resolution concerning a project in which
the bank concerned is or could be involved in an advisory
capacity;

. have any close family tie with a corporate officer of the
Company or one of the Group's companies;

. have been the Statutory Auditor of the Company in the past
five years;

° be a member of the Board of Directors or have been a
member of the Company's Supervisory Board for over
twelve years. However, members only lose their status as
independent Directors at the end of the term of office during
which they have exceeded the 12-year term;

. be the reference shareholder of the Company.

Based on these criteria, five of the fifteen members of the Board of
Directors are classified as independent members. These members
are Giovanni Bisignani, Jean-Lou Chameau, Odile Desforges,
Jean-Marc Forneri and Elisabeth Lulin, i.e., one-third of the
Directors in office.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 94 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

ORGANIZATION AND WORK
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS' INTERNAL RULES

In addition to the provisions of the law and the bylaws that govern
its functioning, the Board of Directors has a set of Internal Rules
that clarify certain conditions relating to its meetings, list the
operations that require its prior approval, define the duties and the
operating rules of its special committees and set out the rules for
the allocation of attendance fees to Board members, based on the
budget previously set by the Annual General Meeting.

These Internal Rules are available on the Company's website
(http:/Awww.safran-group.com, in the Finance section).

POWERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
LIMITS IMPOSED ON THE POWERS OF EXECUTIVE
MANAGEMENT

The Board of Directors exercises the rights granted by law and
regulations, summarized in particular in section 7.1.2.1.

In addition, in accordance with Article 19.3 of the bylaws and
Article 4 of the Board of Directors’ Internal Rules, the following
transactions have to be approved by the Board before they can
be carried out by the Chief Executive Officer or a Deputy Chief
Executive Officer, as required by the internal procedures of the
Company and Group:

. decisions related to significant operations in France or abroad;

. decisions to withdraw from such operations in France or
abroad;

. material operations likely to affect the Group's strategy or
modify its financial structure or the scope of its activity.

The Board of Directors is always called upon to approve, in advance,
each of the following transactions or decisions, if such transaction
or decision leads to an investment, divestment or commitment for
an amount equal to or more than €50 million, for the Company or
one of the Group's companies:

. acquisition or disposal of property;

. acquisition or disposal of interests in any existing or future
company, involvement in the creation of any company,
group or organization, subscription to any issues of shares,
partnership shares, or bonds, excluding ordinary treasury
management transactions;

. any exchange, with or without balancing cash adjustments,
relating to assets or securities, excluding ordinary treasury
management transactions;

. in the event of litigation, signature of any agreement and
transaction, acceptance of any settlement;

. creation of collateral on company assets.

The Board of Directors is always called upon to approve, in

advance, each of the following transactions or decisions for an

amount equal to or more than €150 million, for the Company or
one of the Group's companies:

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

. granting or contracting of any loan, credit or advance;
. acquiring or disposing of any receivable by any means.

The Board of Directors is called upon to approve in advance any
industrial or commercial project deemed significant by the Chief
Executive Officer and presented as such by the Strategy and Major
Projects Committee.

Furthermore, the following transactions will require prior
authorization from the Board of Directors with at least one Director
representing the French State voting in favor, provided that the
French State owns more than 10% of the Company's share capital:

. any disposal by the Group of strategic military and aerospace
assets which concern prime contractor, design, manufacture,
integration and operational maintenance capacities with
regard to space propulsion and French ballistic cruise and
tactical missile propulsion and guidance;

. any sale by the Company of securities of Herakles, Microturbo,
Europropulsion and Sagem Défense Sécurité;

. any decision to grant to a third party special management
rights or rights to information over strategic military or
aerospace assets which concern prime contractor, design,
manufacture, integration and operational maintenance
capacities with regard to space propulsion and French
ballistic cruise and tactical missile propulsion and guidance;

. any decision to grant to a third party rights to be represented
on the management bodies of Herakles, Microturbo,
Europropulsion and Sagem Défense Sécurité.

Furthermore, in accordance with legal provisions, prior authorization
must be given by the Board of Directors for guarantees,
endorsements and sureties granted in the Company's name.

Each year, the Board sets a blanket ceiling up to which guarantees,
endorsements and sureties may be granted by the Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer; any commitment exceeding this ceiling
must be specifically authorized by the Board.

For 2012, the blanket ceiling was set at €500 million (with no ceiling
for the guarantees, endorsements and sureties for tax and customs
authorities).

On December 12, 2012, the Board of Directors decided to renew
the €500 million blanket ceiling for 2013 (with no ceiling for the
guarantees, endorsements and sureties for tax and customs
authorities).

INFORMATION ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The agenda for Board of Directors' meetings is put forward by the
Secretary of the Board to the Chairman and takes account of the
work of the Board's special committees and proposals made by
members of the Board of Directors.

Before each meeting, members of the Board of Directors receive
the agenda and all documents necessary to inform them on the
matters to be discussed during the meeting, as well as the draft
minutes of the previous meeting.

Prior to the meeting, they may request any additional documents
they consider useful.


--- Page 95 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

In addition, the Chairman continually keeps the Board of Directors
informed, by any means, of all significant events concerning the
Group. Its members receive a copy of the Company's press
releases and a press review, as well as a monthly stock market
performance report on the Safran share.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS' MEETINGS

A provisional timetable of meetings is approved at the end of each
year for the following year.

The Board of Directors meets at least once every quarter.

Meetings may be convened by any means. The Board of Director's
Internal Rules state that Directors may participate in meetings by
videoconference or other means of telecommunications.

The presence of at least half of the members is necessary in order
to validate majority decisions. Decisions are voted by the majority
of members present or their representatives; in the event of a split
decision, the Chairman shall have the casting vote.

Under their responsibility, the members of the Board of Directors
may be represented by another Board member, by means of a
proxy, each member having only one such proxy.

Minutes are drawn up for each Board of Directors' meeting and
forwarded to all members of the Board of Directors with a view to
their adoption at the next meeting.

ACTIVITIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN 2012

The Board of Directors met eight times in 2012, with an average
attendance rate of 92.08%.

In accordance with the provisions of the Internal Rules, certain
deliberations of the Board of Directors were prepared based on
recommendations and proposals of special Board committees,
within the scope of their remit. These committees reported on their
findings and submitted their opinions and proposals to the Board.

The main activities of the Board of Directors in 2012 were as follows:

In terms of corporate governance

At its meetings on February 22, May 23 and December 12, 2012,
the Board improved and established the methods used for
determining management compensation upon consultation with
the Appointments and Compensation Committee.

In terms of industrial and commercial matters

At each Board meeting, an update is provided on the Group's
industrial and commercial situation as well as the progress on
programs under development.

In terms of strategy

At every Board of Directors' meeting, the Chairman provides an
update on significant projects and programs being launched,
progress made with regard to external growth plans, ongoing
negotiations and the difficulties encountered.

Detailed presentations were given by the members of management
involved in the specific acquisition projects at their various stages
of development. These were then followed by discussions among
the Board members, and where applicable, decisions, after the
Chairman of the Strategy Committee reported on the work of this
Committee and its recommendations.

In terms of economic and financial matters

Throughout the year, the Board was briefed by the Chairman
and the managers, notably at the quarterly business report
presentations, on the business highlights, business conditions
in the aviation industry, business trends, the Group's financial
position, the financial guarantees granted to clients, and disputes
and outstanding cases.

Currency hedging was reported on regularly.

The Board approved the half-year financial statements and the
half-year financial report, the provisional budget documents and
authorized the Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance to implement
the new share buyback program authorized by the Annual General
Meeting of May 31, 2012.

The Board also reviewed the Group's quality improvement program
and the areas in which progress could be made, the status of
the main indicators relating to the 2012 budget, the assumptions
retained for the 2013 budget and the detailed review of this budget,
as well as the medium-term plan and the audit plans.

In terms of employee policy

The Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Office, regularly kept
the Board of Directors up-to-date on progress made with various
projects to modernize the running of the Group and the Group's
employee policy.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Internal Rules of the Board of Directors provide for the Board's
decisions regarding certain matters to be prepared by special
committees that review matters within their remit and submit their
opinions and proposals to the Board.

The Board of Directors set up three permanent committees:

° an Audit and Risk Committee;

. an Appointments and Compensation Committee; and

° a Strategy and Major Projects Committee.

The role, organization and operating procedures of each committee
are set out in the Board of Directors’ Internal Rules.

In its area of expertise, each committee carries out in-depth work
and analysis prior to the Board of Directors’ discussions and is
used to prepare the Board's decisions. It makes proposals and
recommendations to the Board, and gives its opinion on the matters
under review.

As such, each committee may propose to the Board of Directors
to conduct internal or external studies that may be able to provide
the Board of Directors with helpful information for its decisions.
Each committee may also call on one or more members of the
Company's Executive Management.

At each Board of Directors' meeting, the Chairman of each
committee reports — or any other committee member designated
if the Chairman is unable to do so — to the Board on its work,
proposals and recommendations.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 96 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

The Audit and Risk Committee

@ Composition

The Audit and Risk Committee has at least three members,
including its Chairman. These members are selected from among
the Directors, other than the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
who do not have management duties with the Company.

The majority of members on this Committee, including its Chairman,
must be independent Directors.

In addition, at least one of the Committee's independent members
has specific financial or accounting skills.

The Audit and Risk Committee meets at least four times a year, and
the Statutory Auditors are always invited to its meetings, except
where a joint meeting is held with another Committee.

At December 31, 2012, the Audit and Risk Committee had
four members: Jean-Marc Forneri, Chairman, Elisabeth Lulin,
Astrid Milsan and Michéle Rousseau. The Board Advisor attends all
of the Audit and Risk Committee's meetings in an advisory capacity.

1 Duties and main activities in 2012

The Audit and Risk Committee's main duties involve examining
the financial statements and addressing issues related to the
preparation and auditing of accounting and financial information.

The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for:

. reviewing the draft half-year and annual parent company and
consolidated financial statements before they are submitted
to the Board of Directors, and in particular:

- ensuring that the accounting policies adopted to
prepare the parent company and consolidated financial
statements are relevant and are applied continuously,
and

= examining any problems encountered related to
applying accounting policies;

. reviewing the financial documents issued by the Company in
connection with the end of the annual and half-year reporting
periods;

. reviewing draft financial statements prepared for the
requirements of special transactions, such as contributions,
mergers, spin-offs, or payments of interim dividends;

. reviewing the financial aspects of certain transactions
proposed by Executive Management and submitted to the
Board of Directors (certain of which for prior authorization),
such as:

— Capital increases,
— investments,
- acquisitions or divestments;

. assessing the reliability of the systems and procedures
used to prepare the financial statements and the validity of
decisions taken to handle major transactions;

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

. ensuring the auditing of the full-year and consolidated
financial statements, by the Statutory Auditors;

. reviewing the methods and procedures used for reporting
purposes and for the restatement of accounting information
from the Group's foreign companies.

The Audit and Risk Committee is also tasked with verifying the

effectiveness of the Company's external audit.

The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for:

. issuing a recommendation on the Statutory Auditors proposed
for appointment by the Company's Annual General Meeting;

. ensuring that the Company's Statutory Auditors are
independent;

. reviewing the compensation of the Company's Statutory
Auditors - which should not call into question their
independence or objectiveness;

. reviewing each year with the Statutory Auditors:

- the audit plans and their findings,
- their recommendations and the follow-up thereof.

The Audit and Risk Committee reports to the Board of Directors

on a regular basis on its work and immediately informs the Board

of any problems that may arise. These reports are added to the
minutes of the relevant Board of Directors’ meetings or are included
in an appendix to these minutes.

In 2012, the Audit and Risk Committee met seven times: on

February 20, April 4, June 8 (joint meeting with the Strategy and

Major Projects Committee), July 26, October 3, October 22 and

December 10, to address all the topics mentioned above. The

Statutory Auditors (except for the joint meeting of June 8), the

Board Advisor and the Head of Audit and Internal Control attended

each of these meetings. The Committee focused on monitoring

key topics for Safran:

. preparing the annual and half-year accounts, and proposing
the appropriation of profit; preparing the medium-term plan;

. preparing forecast financial statements for the parent
company (comptes prévisionnels);

. preparing the budget;

. preparing the Group's financing plans;

. preparing, monitoring and carrying out strategic projects,
particularly acquisitions. However, joint meetings with the
Audit and Risk Committee and the Strategy and Major
Projects Committee can be held to discuss key strategic
projects for the Group;

. foreign currency hedging;

. guarantees, endorsements and sureties;

. risk management;

. monitoring Internal Control and Internal Audit work, and
directing their future work;

. monitoring the Statutory Auditors' work;

. preparing financial communications, in particular draft press
releases.


--- Page 97 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

The Appointments and Compensation Committee

& Composition
The Appointments and Compensation Committee has at least three
members, including its Chairman.

At December 31, 2012, the Appointments and Compensation
Committee had five members: Michel Lucas, Chairman,
Astrid Milsan, Giovanni Bisignani, Christophe Burg and Francis Mer.

™@ Duties and main activities in 2012
With respect to appointments
The Appointments and Compensation Committee has the following
role:
. assisting the Board of Directors in its choice of:
— members of the Board of Directors,

— members of the committees of the Board of Directors,
and

- the Chief Executive Officer, as well as the Deputy Chief
Executive Officer(s), where applicable;

. selecting potential members of the Board of Directors who
meet the independence criteria and submitting the list of
potential members to the Board of Directors;

. preparing succession plans for:

- members of the Company's Executive Management,
and

— the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Board, the
Chief Executive Officer, as well as the Deputy Chief
Executive Officer(s), where applicable.

With respect to compensation

The Appointments and Compensation Committee is also
responsible for making recommendations and proposals to the
Board of Directors, for Board members concerned, as regards:

. the allocation of attendance fees;

. all other components of compensation, including the
conditions applying at the end of their terms of office;

. possible compensation for the Board Advisor(s);
. any modifications or changes to pension and welfare plans;
. benefits-in-kind and various financial benefits; and
. where appropriate:
= granting of stock options, and
- free share grants.

More generally, the Appointments and Compensation Committee
is also responsible for making recommendations to the Board of
Directors as regards:

. the compensation policy for senior executives; and

. profit-sharing provisions, by any means, for the Company's
employees and more generally the Group's companies,
including:

— employee savings plans,

— supplementary pension systems,

— the issue of securities carrying rights to shares reserved
for employees,

- granting of stock options, and free share grants and any
other employee share ownership arrangements.

The Appointments and Compensation Committee is also
responsible for making recommendations to the Board of Directors
‘on the performance criteria to be used, where appropriate, when
granting any stock options, as well as for any free share grants.
In 2012, the Appointments and Compensation Committee met
four times: on February 20, March 26, May 15 and December 3,
to address all the topics mentioned above.

The Strategy and Major Projects Committee

@ Composition
The Strategy and Major Projects Committee has at least three
members, including its Chairman.

At December 31, 2012, the Strategy and Major Projects Committee
had seven members: Francis Mer, Chairman, Astrid Milsan,
Giovanni Bisignani, Christophe Burg, Odile Desforges,
Xavier Lagarde and Laure Reinhart.

1 Duties and main activities in 2012
The Strategy and Major Projects Committee analyzes and
expresses its opinion on:

. the Company's and the Group's major strategic orientations
(including the medium-term business plan);

. the Group's development policy;

. and the major industrial product development projects or
programs that are planned to be carried out by the Company
or one of the Group's companies;

presented by Executive Management to the Board of Directors.

The Strategy and Major Projects Committee examines and reviews:

. the proposed strategic and partnership agreements;

. the external growth transactions and transactions that impact
Group structure; and more generally;

. any significant project of any kind whatsoever.

In addition, the Strategy and Major Projects Committee gives its

opinion on any strategic issue that it is asked to address by the
Board of Directors.

In 2012, the Strategy and Major Projects Committee met seven
times: on February 22, April 10, May 23, June 8 (joint meeting
with the Audit and Risk Committee), July 30, August 9 and
September 12, to address all the topics mentioned above.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN


--- Page 98 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

ASSESSMENT OF THE WORK OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS

At its meeting of May 23, 2012, the Board of Directors decided to
assess its own work and that of its committees after its members’
first year in office.

Based on this self-assessment, the Directors and other participants
(section 6.1.1) at the Board of Directors' meetings of Safran, and
the members of the three committees, were able to assess the
composition, operating procedures and work of the Board of
Directors and of its three committees after one year in operation.

The analysis focused on three main areas:

. assessing the composition, duties and operating procedures
of the Board of Directors and its three committees;

. verifying that important issues are properly prepared and
discussed;

. assessing each member's actual contribution to the
Board's work based on his/her skills and involvement in the
discussions, recommendations and decisions.

At its meeting of October 24, 2012, following this self-assessment
and the Board of Directors’ review of the report at its meeting of
July 30, 2012, the Board of Directors defined the following action
plans, which were implemented immediately:

. drawing up a table listing the Board of Directors’ decisions
and their implementation;

. inviting Directors to meetings covering key topics for the
Group (strategy, HR, etc.);

. upon specific requests, organizing site visits for the Directors
concerned;

. carrying out a review on means of improving the operation of
the Appointments and Compensation Committee taking into
account the specificities governing its composition, as they
relate to Safran employee shareholders. The terms of office of
seven Directors will expire at the close of the Annual General
Meeting of May 28, 2013 and the results of this review are
taken into account, within the constraints described above,
for re-elections and new appointments which are submitted
to the shareholders for approval.

6.5.2 PRINCIPLES AND RULES FOR DETERMINING THE
COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE CORPORATE OFFICERS

MEMBERS OF EXECUTIVE
MANAGEMENT

The principles and rules for determining the compensation of
members of Executive Management are described in section 6.2.1
of this Registration Document, along with information concerning
their other benefits and commitments.

Having considered the advice and recommendations drawn
up by the Appointments and Compensation Committee at its
meeting of February 15, 2013, the Board of Directors met on
February 20, 2013 to conduct a detailed review of the individual
performances of the executive corporate officers in 2012.

On this basis, and bearing in mind the Group's economic
performance, the Board then proceeded to allocate variable
compensation, and thus set the total amount of variable
compensation to be awarded to each of the executive corporate
officers in respect of 2012, as indicated in section 6.2.1.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

In its meeting of December 12, 2012, the Board of Directors
determined individual targets for the members of Executive
Management for 2013, upon consultation with the Appointments
and Compensation Committee.

MEMBERS OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS

With the exception of Jean-Paul Herteman, executive Director, and
the Directors representing employee shareholders, who were linked
to the Company by way of an employment contract in 2012, the
members of the Board of Directors received only attendance fees
as compensation, as described in greater detail in section 6.2.2 of
this Registration Document.



--- Page 99 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

6.5.3. APPLICATION OF THE AFEP-MEDEF CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE CODE

Safran abides by the “Corporate Governance Code of Listed Corporations”, drawn up jointly by the French employers' associations,
AFEP") and MEDEF®!, with reference to the consolidated version of April 2010. The French version of the code can be consulted at

www.code-afep-medef.com.

Where code recommendations, or directives issued subsequently for application thereof, have not been implemented, reasons are given

in the following table.

AFEP-MEDEF Code recommendations

Safran practices - Reasons

Proportion of independent members
on the Board of Directors

The independent Directors should account
for half the members of the Board in widely-
held corporations and without controlling
shareholders.

Of the 15 members of the Board of Directors, five are deemed to be independent,
representing one-third, taking account of the fact that four seats are reserved for the
French State and two for the representatives of employee shareholders, pursuant to
the legal provisions in effect and the bylaws (see sections 6.5.1 and 7.1.2.1 of this
Registration Document).

The Company will strive to increase the proportion of independent Directors with the
staggered re-election of its Directors.

Duration of the terms of office

of the members of the Board of Directors
The duration of the Board members' terms

of office, set by the bylaws, should not exceed
four years.

The terms of office of the members of the Board of Directors are set by the current
bylaws at five years, given the long-term nature of the Company's activities.

It was considered that the staggered re-election of Directors implemented in 2011
(see section 7.1.2.1) would result in frequent shareholders’ decisions in line with the
purpose and spirit of the recommendation of the AFEP-MEDEF Code.

Proportion of independent members

in the Audit and Risk Committee

The proportion of independent Directors on
this Committee should be at least equal to
two-thirds.

Due to the specificities governing the composition of the Board of Directors

as described above, two out of four members, i.e., one-half of the Committee
members, including its Chairman, have independent status. Under these conditions,
it has been decided that the Board Advisor may attend and take part in every
meeting of this Committee, in a consultative capacity.

Proportion of independent members

in the Appointments and Compensation
Committee

The Appointments and Compensation
Committee should have a majority of
independent Directors.

Due to the specificities governing the composition of the Board of Directors as
described above, one out of five members, i.e., 20%, is an independent Director.

6.5.4 PARTICIPATION OF SHAREHOLDERS IN GENERAL
MEETINGS - INFORMATION REFERRED TO UNDER
ARTICLE L.225-100-3 OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE

PARTICIPATION OF SHAREHOLDERS

IN GENERAL MEETINGS

Any shareholder, regardless of the number of shares held, is entitled
to attend General Meetings, on proof of identity and of his/her
capacity as a shareholder, provided that the shareholder's shares

are registered in his/her name in the Company's share register

The conditions for the participation of shareholders in General
Meetings are governed by the legal provisions and regulations in
effect and by Articles 30 et seq. of the Company's bylaws.

(1) AFEP: Association Francaise des Entreprises Privées.
(2) MEDEF: Mouvement des Entreprises de France.

managed by BNP Paribas Securities Services, or in the securities
accounts managed by the authorized intermediary, no later than
midnight (CET) on the third business day preceding the meeting.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 100 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

As regards voting rights, each shareholder shall have a number of
votes corresponding to the number of shares held or represented
by proxy, unless otherwise provided for in the applicable laws or the
provisions concerning double voting rights stipulated in Article 31.8
of the bylaws. Fully-paid up shares that have been registered in the
name of the same holders for at least two years as of the date of
the General Meeting shall carry double voting rights.

Under Article 31.12 of the bylaws, no shareholder may exercise
more than 30% of the total voting rights attached to all of the
Company's shares. The voting rights exercised by a shareholder
for this purpose shall include the voting rights exercised directly
by the shareholder himself/herself and in the capacity as proxy for
another shareholder that are attached to shares (i) that he/she holds
directly or indirectly and (ii) that are owned by another shareholder
for which he/she is acting as proxy. The conditions for applying
this limit in the number of voting rights to which each shareholder
is entitled are described in section 7.1.2.2.

The bylaws permit shareholders to use the e-voting system to vote

at any Shareholders’ Meeting (Article 30.2), by decision of the Board
of Directors published in the notice of meeting.

INFORMATION REFERRED TO UNDER
ARTICLE L.225-100-3 OF THE FRENCH
COMMERCIAL CODE

Information referred to under article L.225-100-3 of the French
Commercial Code concerns material that could have an effect in the
event of public offering, which should be stated in the management
report.

The 2012 management report drawn up by Safran's Board of
Directors, which is included in this Registration Document, meets
this legal obligation. The required information can be found under
the following headings in the Registration Document:

. agreement with the French State (section 7.1.4.2);

. breakdown of share capital and details of buyback program
(sections 7.2.6 and 7.2.7);

. capping of voting rights (section 7.1.2.2);

. authorization, given at the Annual General Meeting of
May 31, 2012 (tenth resolution), for the Board of Directors
to issue free stock warrants in the event of a tender offer for
the Company (sections 7.2.2.1 and 7.1.2.6).

6.5.5 INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

Operating a business involves incurring a level of risk; risk factors
are described in section 4.1 of this Registration Document. Risk
management is a key component in the management of Safran's
activities.

The Safran framework for controlling the Group's information,
activities, processes and assets includes all the appropriate
resources, rules of conduct and procedures. In addition to relying
on management principles, organizations, quality approach,
implemented information systems, it is also based on a general
compliance framework (section 6.5.5.1), a specific structure for
managing major risks (section 6.5.5.2) and an internal control
system (section 6.5.5.3). Key players are involved in the internal
control system (section 6.5.5.4).

6.5.5.1 GENERAL COMPLIANCE
FRAMEWORK

ETHICAL GUIDELINES

The Group's Ethical Guidelines have been distributed to employees
worldwide. They are part of the Group's procedure manual, and
each company is responsible for their implementation in day-to-day
operations.

Safran is built around values shared by all of its employees. These
values serve as a guide for all the Group's activities, providing
high standards for honesty, integrity and professionalism, and
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

They ensure the Group remains worthy of the trust placed in it by
customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and other partners.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

The Group emphasizes the importance of complying with applicable
rules concerning:

. exports of military and dual-use goods;

. management of consultants;

. offering and accepting gifts and invitations;
. security of protected sites and activities;

. corporate social responsibility;

. safeguarding privacy.

For each of these facets, the Group has implemented specific
procedures and arrangements.

PREVENTION AND DETECTION OF INTERNAL FRAUD

Asponsor of the anti-fraud system was appointed and a committee
on fraud was established. The Group has a prevention, detection
and assessment program for cases of potential internal fraud. A
system for the centralizing of information on fraud or attempted
fraud identified within Group companies is in place. This information
is acted upon by the Group's Audit and Internal Control Department
and Safety Department and necessary actions are taken.

STANDARDS AND REGULATIONS

Standards and regulations are monitored and followed up by
specialist central departments which, within their respective areas
of expertise, lead and coordinate a network of counterparts in the
various Group companies.

ISO 9000-compliant quality management systems in the industrial
companies provide valuable support to the internal control system.


--- Page 101 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

For most of its activities, in France and in other countries, the Group
is subject to controls imposed by civil and military authorities as well
as by its customers. These controls round out the Group's own
arrangements in this area.

GROUP ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE

Safran is an industrial group. Each subsidiary directly manages the
operational side of its business activity and assumes responsibility
for the internal control system to be implemented in accordance
with Group procedures and Internal Rules.

The organizational structure is based on:

. a parent company, Safran, the issuer, responsible for
the Group's strategic management, organization and
development. This company has adopted a governance
structure with a Board of Directors;

. companies operating by business line, whose strategies are
defined by the Board of Directors of the parent company.
Executive Management of the parent company ensures that
the strategic orientations defined for each business line are
implemented and complied with at the operational level.

First-tier entities are responsible for overseeing the second-tier

entities with which they have operational ties.

Under the authority of the Board of Directors, the primary duties of
Safran, the parent company, are to:

. devise and pursue the Group's strategy;

. define the corporate governance guidelines and the
conditions of the control of Group companies. A certain
number of rules laid down in procedures have been adopted
concerning, in particular:

— corporate governance in Group companies,
- relations between subsidiaries and the parent company;

. provide services on behalf of all Group companies. The
Group gradually sets up Shared Services Centres with
responsibilities in the following areas: payroll administration
and management, recruitment, non-production purchases,
IT, and some accounting services;

. lead or coordinate actions to develop the Group's reputation
and increase effectiveness.

PROCEDURES RELATING TO GROUP OPERATIONS

The main procedures governing Group operations are collated in
a documentation system, accessible via the Group intranet. This
manual is organized by major process.
It primarily includes:
. with respect to the management process:
- corporate governance rules: delegation of authority,
governance of Group companies, internal control
principles and Ethical Guidelines,

- risk management rules: risk management, crisis
management, general safety, health, safety and
environment, legal, and information systems,

— quality management rules;
. with respect to the operational process: sales-related rules;

. with respect to the support process: rules on procurement
and asset management.

Every month, a list of updates to the manual is published. Entities
have a duty to keep their own manual up-to-date so that it complies
with Group rules.

FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING PROCEDURES,

Financial and accounting principles are grouped together in four
different manuals:

. the Group IFRS accounting manual;

. rules for the preparation of consolidated financial statements
and rules concerning inter-company transactions and
quarterly consolidation instructions issued to all companies
concerned;

. the consolidation package user guide. This package contains
the controls necessary for ensuring consistency between the
items used to draw up consolidated financial statements;

. other financial principles (available in a documentation system)
related to tax, banking, cash and financing transactions.

In terms of accounting standards, the Group applies IFRS as
adopted in the European Union.

REPORTING AND MANAGEMENT CONTROL
ARRANGEMENTS

Each week, Safran's Executive Management receives a report from
each entity summarizing the main events concerning its activity.

The entities prepare monthly budget and financial reports on their
activities (overview and comments). The Group's Economic and
Financial Affairs Department provides Executive Management with
an economic and financial overview.

Budget and planning meetings are organized regularly by the
Economic and Financial Affairs Department and the management
team of the company concerned:

. final quarter review and validation of the budget;
. current-year budget forecast updates three times per year;

. second quarter review and validation of the medium-term
business development plan.

In addition, performance-level meetings are held regularly with
representatives from the Group's principal first-tier entities.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 102 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

6.5.5.2 ORGANIZATION
AND COORDINATION OF RISK
MANAGEMENT

DEFINITION AND OBJECTIVES

The purpose of risk management, embedded in organizational
processes, is to identify the Group's major risk exposures, quantify
their impact on the achievement of objectives, ensure that adequate
measures and actions are implemented to bring critical risks to an
acceptable level. Risk management is not a separate independent
activity; it is the responsibility of each department and forms
an integral part of organizational processes, including strategic
planning, project management and change processes.

POSITION IN THE ORGANIZATION

The Risk and Insurance Department, which reports to the Deputy
Chief Executive Officer, Finance, oversees the risk management
process.

FRAMEWORK, APPRAISAL PRINCIPLE

The Risk and Insurance Department summarizes risk appraisal
results at Group level and presents a risk map to the Group Risk
Committee for validation. Each risk is assessed in terms of its direct
and indirect impact over the selected timeframe, assuming a worst-
case scenario. Determining the degree of control is also essential
in characterizing risk. Risk appraisals lead to action plans that may
include steps to be taken, additional controls to be implemented or
investigations into financial transfers or transfers of liability.

Each first-tier entity appoints a Risk Manager, who prepares a risk
map for the entity that is subsequently reviewed during the entity's
Risk Committee meetings. In all instances, risk management draws.
onacommon methodology using risk analysis as the starting point.
ARisk Manager is assigned for each risk identified and is responsible
for drafting an action plan and ensuring its implementation. The
objective is to provide continuous risk oversight to ensure optimal
treatment.

The Risk and Insurance Department develops methodological
techniques and procedures, for the Group, to ensure consistent
handling of risks between entities. The Group has a risk manual
organized by process, level of impact, frequency, probability and
control. Detailed guidance is also prepared for the analysis of certain
risks.

Arrangements for crisis prevention and management are built on
coordinated procedures implemented for managing warnings and
crises, not only at Group but also at Company and facility level.

MANAGEMENT

The Group Risk Committee - made up of the Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer and the three Deputy Chief Executive
Officers, led by the Risk Management and Insurance — approves
the risk management policy, the Group's risk mapping and risk
mitigation, and the cross-sector action plans of the Risk and
Insurance Department, and makes sure that the risk management
process works effectively and that there is an adequate level of
risk-awareness. This Committee met twice in 2012.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

The Risk and Insurance Department sets risk management maturity
objectives for first-tier entities. One item of the first-tier entities’
action plans, as requested by the Risk and Insurance Department,
is to implement risk management in newly acquired entities.

It coordinates the Risk Manager network. Regular meetings are
held to share best practices and identify nascent risks. Task forces
are set up on the basis of priorities approved by the Group Risk
Committee.

Each quarter, the Risk Manager of each first-tier entity submits a
series of indicators to the Risk and Insurance Department (major risk
map with the corresponding degree of control, maturity of the risk
management process). Once a year, the Risk Manager also draws
up a report on the organization of the risk management process
in the entity concerned. The Risk and Insurance Department also
meets with the Risk Manager of each first-tier entity in order to
assess the maturity of risk management in that entity.

The Risk and Insurance Department prepares the mapping of
major risks by support/central departments of Safran, as parent
company, based on interviews. These maps are then approved
by the support/central departments of Safran. For each identified
risk, a manager is appointed and is responsible for drawing up an
action plan. These action plans are presented to the Group Risk
Committee.

AWARENESS AND TRAINING

Risk management leverages training and communication. A risk
and management training course launched in 2007 and organized
jointly by the Risk and Insurance Department and Group Risk
Managers in liaison with Safran Corporate University has promoted
risk awareness among close to 880 managers within the Group,
including 170 in 2012.

The Risk and Insurance Department has also implemented the
PSIP Program (Preventive Safran’s documents Integrity Program).
This program seeks to help mitigate documentary risk and
legal accusations attributable to Group products/services while
protecting employees from the consequences of an accident in
which a product/service may be the target of an accusation.

6.5.5.3 ORGANIZATION
AND COORDINATION
OF INTERNAL CONTROL

DEFINITION AND OBJECTIVES

The Safran Group implements its internal control system on the
basis of general principles advocated by the AMF. Internal control
is defined as a process implemented by its Board of Directors,
management and personnel, to provide reasonable assurance as
to the realization of the following objectives:

. compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

. application of instructions and strategies set by Executive
Management;

. proper functioning of the Company's internal processes,
particularly those contributing to the protection of its assets;

. reliability of financial information.


--- Page 103 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

Internal control thus contributes to the safeguarding of the
Company's assets, the management of its activities, the
effectiveness of its operations, the efficient use of its resources and
the prevention of any organizational dysfunctions. Nevertheless, as
with all control systems, it can only provide reasonable assurance
that the objectives described above are fully achieved.

POSITION IN THE ORGANIZATION

The internal control system is managed by the Audit and Internal
Control Department, which reports to the Deputy Chief Executive
Officer, Corporate Office.

INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK

The Audit and Internal Control Department defined an internal
control framework built around:

. one process relating to the control environment;

. ten operating processes;

. two IT processes (general IT and IT system security checks);
. processes adapted to Shared Services Centres' risks.

For each process, the Audit and Internal Control Department and
Group specialists in each of these areas has drawn up a list of
check points and tests aimed at measuring for each entity:

. the conformity of its control procedures and activities with
the framework's requirements; and

. the operational effectiveness of these procedures.

Around 200 check points have been listed. They serve to ensure
the integrity of the financial and accounting information and the
security of this information. Every year, internal control tests, based
on objectives related to scope, content, and time limit for carrying
out action plans are performed.

APPRAISAL PRINCIPLE

The Group has upheld the principle whereby each entity appraises
its own internal control arrangements in relation to the framework
(conformity and effectiveness). A testing program (effectiveness)
is devised annually; it investigates all of the processes over two
years in first-tier entities and over three years in second-tier entities.
In 2012, the Audit and Internal Control Department devised a
questionnaire with about fifty check points to be implemented in
very small entities, including a series of check points that must be
formally tested annually regardless of the entity's size.

The Group can order Internal Audits to verify that the appraisals
carried out by the subsidiaries comply with the rules and principles
it has put in place.

Any disparity relative to the requirements of the internal control
framework in the evaluation of the conformity and effectiveness
of procedures generates an action plan, with a project leader
designated and a deadline established. The progress of such action
plans is monitored monthly within the reporting system described
below.

The internal control system was up and running in 101 companies,
representing 95% of Safran's consolidated revenue in 2012.

First-tier entities must assess the internal control system of newly
acquired companies with which they have operational ties in relation
to the Safran framework within three months of the finalization of
the acquisition.

MANAGEMENT

The central team that manages the internal control system is
assisted by a network of internal control managers in each first-tier
entity, with each manager supported by counterparts situated in
second-tier entities.

Every month, the central team and internal control managers
communicate important news. Methodological insights into the
internal control system may also be sent by the central team to
internal control managers.

Each first-tier entity has an Internal Control Committee, comprising
members of its management, to review progress made in
evaluations and analyze results, including for the related second-
tier entities.

Every year, the central team brings together internal control
managers to conduct a review of obstacles encountered, suggest
enhancements to the framework and define areas in which
progress can still be made. The meeting also serves as a forum
for exchanging best practices in terms of the organization of internal
control. In 2012, the central team organized an information and
discussion meeting with the internal control managers and the
various representatives of the HR, legal, risk and safety departments
on fraud and Safran anti-fraud procedures.

For 2013, the main areas for development identified by Safran are
to continue adapting the internal control frameworks to changes
in the Group's organization and structure, particularly to finalize
the integration of the Shared Services Centres into the internal
control system.

THE REPORTING TOOL

Group companies use the same reporting system for the results and

conclusions of their internal control evaluations. It is documented

by nearly 400 stakeholders and allows:

. direct access to the Group framework, methodology and the
procedures to follow;

. monitoring of rectifications resulting from recognized
disparities in relation to the framework.

AWARENESS AND TRAINING

A training course on internal control was set up within the
framework of the Safran Corporate University in 2012, with a view
to raising awareness of internal control issues among the financial
and operating personnel. More than 100 individuals were trained
in 2012.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 104 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

INTERNAL CONTROL QUALITY ASSURANCE

Every year, each Chairman and CEO of first-tier entities sends a
representation letter to Safran's Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer on the internal control system put in place in the entity and
its subsidiaries.

Every year, the Statutory Auditors examine the adequacy of the
internal control system on a selection of processes contributing
to the preparation of financial and accounting information (see
section 6.5.5.4 below).

The central team conducts quality controls of the first-tier entities’
self-assessments to ensure compliance with the methodology
when a new process has been implemented in the internal control
system or if a process has changed significantly.

The internal auditors strive to assess the adequacy of the internal
control system on matters audited, the proper application of the
relevant frameworks and the veracity of the related tests’ results.

INTERNAL AUDIT

The internal auditors from the Audit and Internal Control Department
conduct compliance work and other work aimed at identifying ways
to improve the efficiency of the Group, entities, programs, projects
and processes.

The Internal Audit plan is prepared within the scope of an annual
plan that is reviewed where appropriate and that is largely based
on the mapping of Group risks.

Internal Audit has been certified compliant with the international
standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors by the /nstitut Francais
de |'Audit et du Contréle Interne (|FACI). Certification was confirmed
in 2012 by IFACI further to a follow-up audit.

6.5.5.4 KEY PLAYERS IN INTERNAL
CONTROL AND RISK
MANAGEMENT

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
The Board of Directors

The Board of Directors defines the primary features of the system
for internal control and risk management, upon consultation and
recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee. The Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer delegates his authority to the Deputy
Chief Executive Officer, Operations to direct and monitor the
activities of the entities with regard to:

. setting objectives and monitoring results with the Economic
and Financial Affairs Department;

. implementing decisions regarding strategic issues concerning
Group companies;

. operational supervision.

The Chairmen and CEOs of the first-tier entities assume full
responsibility for the internal control systems implemented in their
entities and, where appropriate, in related second-tier entities;
the system implemented must comply with the internal control
principles set out by the Group.

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /

The Economic and Financial Affairs Department

The Economic and Financial Affairs Department centralizes and
coordinates financing, treasury, taxation, the budget process,
reporting, consolidation of accounts and risk management. It
ensures compliance with the internal control procedures falling
within the scope of its responsibilities. It also assists in carrying out
any acquisitions and disposals decided by the Board of Directors.

The Corporate Office

The Audit and Internal Control Department reports to the Corporate
Office.

DEPARTMENTS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INTERNAL
CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS

Audit and Internal Control Department

The Audit and Internal Control Department contributes to the
management of the Group's activities, the effectiveness of its
operations, the efficient use of its resources and the appropriate
consideration of material risks. Its main responsibilities are as
follows:

. define and implement the annual audit plan;
. define, organize and coordinate the internal control system.

Taken together, these responsibilities aim at ensuring compliance
with applicable laws and regulations, the application of instructions
and strategies set by Executive Management, the proper
functioning of internal processes, particularly those contributing to
the protection of its assets, and the reliability of financial information.

Risk and Insurance Department

The Risk and Insurance Department is responsible for defining the
methods and criteria to be used to organize risk management. Its
main responsibilities are as follows:

. identifying risks that could affect the strategy, earnings or
image of the Group;

. defining and organizing risk and crisis management within
the Group;

. ensuring the implementation of the PSIP Program (Preventive
Safran’s documents Integrity Program);

. identifying and setting up insurance policies for the Group,
with the exception of personal insurance and loan insurance.

INSPECTION BODIES

The Board of Directors' Audit and Risk Committee

This Committee reviews:

. the financial statements and accounting procedures
presented by Executive Management;

. the results of audits and internal control procedures presented
by the Audit and Internal Control Department;

. findings on the primary risks facing the Group presented by
the Risk and Insurance Department;

. the results of the work carried out by the Statutory Auditors,
whose independence it must also verify.


--- Page 105 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

/ REPORT OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /

The report on internal control and risk management procedures is
reviewed annually by the Audit and Risk Committee, then submitted
to the formal approval of the Board of Directors.

The Group's Internal Control Guidelines are approved by the
Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee.

Statutory Auditors

As part of the audit and certification of Safran's individual and
consolidated financial statements, the Statutory Auditors examine
‘the procedures of a certain number of company cycles contributing
to the preparation of financial and accounting information. In
particular, they base the work they conduct at selected entities on
the Group's internal control framework.

They present their conclusions to the Board of Directors’ Audit
and Risk Committee.

The Statutory Auditors adopt the following approach:

. review of documentation on controls carried out by
companies;

. tests to verify the operational effectiveness of the procedures
implemented;

. review of completed action plans;
. review of results of tests performed by companies.

/ 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / SAFRAN



--- Page 106 ---

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
/ STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT ON THE REPORT PREPARED BY THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS/

66] STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT
ON THE REPORT PREPARED BY THE CHAIRMAN
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE ARTICLE L.225-235 OF THE FRENCH
COMMERCIAL CODE (CODE DE COMMERCE) ON THE REPORT
PREPARED BY THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

To the Shareholders,

In our capacity as Statutory Auditors of Safran and in accordance with article L.225-235 of the French Commercial Code (Code de
commerce), we hereby report to you on the report prepared by the Chairman of your company in accordance with article L.225-37 of the
French Commercial Code for the year ended December 31, 2012.

It is the Chairman's responsibility to prepare and submit to the Board of Directors for approval, a report describing the internal control and
risk management procedures implemented by the company and providing the other information required by article L.225-37 of the French
Commercial Code in particular relating to corporate governance.

It is our responsibility:

. to report to you on the information set out in the Chairman's report on internal control and risk management and relating to the
preparation and processing of financial and accounting information, and

. to attest that the report sets out the other information required by article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code, it being specified
that it is not our responsibility to assess the fairness of this other information.

We conducted our work in accordance with professional standards applicable in France.

INFORMATION CONCERNING INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT
PROCEDURES RELATING TO THE PREPARATION AND PROCESSING OF FINANCIAL
AND ACCOUNTING INFORMATION

The professional standards require that we perform procedures to assess the fairness of the information on internal control and risk
management procedures relating to the preparation and processing of financial and accounting information set out in the Chairman’s report.

These procedures mainly consisted of:

. obtaining an understanding of the internal control and risk management procedures relating to the preparation and processing of financial
and accounting information on which the information presented in the Chairman’s report is based, and of the existing documentation;

. obtaining an understanding of the work performed to support the information given in the report of the existing documentation;

. determining if any material weaknesses in the internal control procedures relating to the preparation and processing of financial and
accounting information that we may have identified in the course of our work are properly disclosed in the Chairman’s report.

On the basis of our work, we have no matters to report on the information given on internal control and risk management procedures relating
to the preparation and processing of financial and accounting information set out in the Chairman of the Board's report in accordance with
article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code.

OTHER INFORMATION

We attest that the Chairman’s report set out the other information required by article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code.

Paris La Défense and Courbevoie, March 27, 2013.

The Statutory Auditors,
French original signed by:
ERNST & YOUNG et Autres MAZARS.
Vincent de La Bachelerie Jean-Roch Varon Thierry Colin Gaél Lamant

SAFRAN / 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /
