

--- Page 1 ---

Chairman and CEO letter

Dear shareholders,

ABB performed well in 2012, demonstrating once again its agility and resilience in a difficult
environment. The economic slowdown of recent years has given us opportunities to strengthen
ABB in various ways, and we can confidently say that ABB has become one of the best
companies in its sector.

ABB’s power and automation businesses outperformed those of most competitors in
2012 in terms of organic revenue growth and profitability (earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA). Also, ABB has among the highest revenue and
profitability levels per employee compared with peers.

“One reason for ABB’s strength is our global reach matched
with well-developed local capabilities”

One reason for ABB’s strength is our global reach matched with well-developed local
capabilities. We have built a strong presence in North America through acquisitions in the
last three years, complementing our leading position in Europe, the Middle East and Asia. We
are now a leader in most of the largest or fastest-growing markets on every continent. The
positions that we have in these markets are also deep-rooted thanks to our local R&D and

ior ‘ product development capabilities, which enable us to match and exceed local competitors
— when it comes to speed of product development and deployment.
y We therefore have a presence and insights into different markets that few can match, and
irs we can use this to achieve consistent growth and results throughout the economic cycle.
This helps to explain ABB’s resilience. We also have a truly international leadership team which
Video: Joe Hogan comments gives us a real global perspective on the opportunities available.

on the 2012 results
To view the clip, install QR code
reader on your mobile device,
scan the code and see more.

04 Chairman and CEO letter | ABB Annual Report 2012


--- Page 2 ---

Besides investing in acquisitions, we have committed an additional $1.9 billion since 2007
to building or expanding factories, strengthening our sales teams in growth markets, and
boosting R&D. Our outstanding success at managing costs, which yielded another $1.1 billion
in annual savings in 2012, has given us the flexibility to make these investments and continue
building ABB for the future.

Investments in R&D have risen from 3 percent of revenues in 2007 to 3.7 percent in 2012,
lifting annual spending by 68 percent over this period to almost $1.5 billion. This reflects
the fact that technology remains one of our most significant competitive advantages, and it is
therefore essential to our success that we stay at the forefront of technological developments.

“Technology remains one of our most significant competitive advantages”

Technological innovation

The investment is paying off as we achieve genuine technological breakthroughs and bring
advanced products to the market. We are pleased that 2012 was a particularly rich year

for technological achievements. After years of research, our teams were able to report the
development of the first hybrid high-voltage direct current (HVDC) circuit breaker, a break-
through that removes a major hurdle in the evolution of interconnected grids based on direct
current and that could speed up the deployment of renewable energy on a large scale.

It is arguably the most significant scientific achievement in the field since ABB developed
HVDC transmission 60 years ago, an innovation that created entirely new possibilities for
transporting electricity over long distances.

Other technological achievements in 2012 included the development and testing of an
ultrahigh voltage direct current converter transformer, the commercialization of a new type of
electric motor that is highly efficient, an order for the first-ever direct current power grid on
board a ship, and the construction of Europe’s largest direct current data center.

These successes are important to ABB because technological leadership is a pillar of our
goal to stay competitive and to push technology that drives disruptive market changes,
which are priorities of our strategic plan for the years 2011-2015. This leadership and expertise
is highly valued by our customers. They consistently recognize and reward our industry and
application knowledge, our engineering and design capability, and the quality of our products
and systems.

Priorities for 2013

In 2012, we achieved local-currency growth of 7 percent in revenues and 4 percent in orders.
Excluding Thomas & Betts, revenues rose 3 percent and orders were steady (in local
currencies). Our results for 2012 reflected the difficult environment and the measures taken
in the fourth quarter to refocus the Power Systems division, and illustrate why driving
competitiveness remains our top goal for 2013.

Deepening the integration of recent acquisitions will be one priority for this year. We
have spent more than $10 billion on acquisitions since 2010 as part of our strategy to grow the
business profitably and create value for shareholders. The value is being realized through
a combination of cost and growth synergies, which in turn depend on the successful integration
of the new businesses with those of ABB.

With Thomas & Betts, the US low-voltage business we acquired last year, we are intensely
pursuing opportunities to use T&B’s products in our ABB businesses and to sell them
through our global distribution channels. We have some promising pilot projects and will be
exploring how to get the most out of the opportunities that have been identified.

ABB Annual Report 2012 | Chairman and CEO letter 05


--- Page 3 ---

We will also be looking at ways to scale up the new businesses that we have successfully
developed. We have entered several new markets in recent years, such as electric vehicle
infrastructure, energy storage, energy consulting and data center electrification, and we will
make sure that the ones with the greatest potential have the resources and business
models that will enable them to grow. A related priority will be to effectively commercialize
the advances made in our R&D programs.

We will keep customer satisfaction at the top of our priority list by continuing to address
the areas they want us to improve, mainly responsiveness and delivery time. Importantly,
we are improving in the eyes of our customers: Our Net Promoter Score (NPS) measure of
customer satisfaction rose by more than 30 percent in 2012 compared with 2011. The
score remains lower than we would like it to be but we are pleased at the progress we are
making.

As we strive to increase the satisfaction of our customers, the Executive Committee has
introduced a systematic approach to addressing the top issues that they have raised, with
EC members personally supervising the projects set up to address them. The project teams
are responsible for determining the root causes of the issues and the measures that
need to be taken, and will establish an implementation plan to ensure steady improvement.

We are confident that we have the right projects in place with the right leaders to
ensure that we achieve the Group targets that we have communicated.

Shaping the future
Looking ahead, we are confident that ABB is well placed to benefit from several long-term
trends, and even to shape them through technological innovation.

The major trends driving demand include the increasing use of electricity in areas such
as data centers and electric vehicles; the rapid economic growth and urbanization in emerging
markets; the need to use our natural resources more efficiently; and the integration of new
sources of energy - such as wind and solar — into existing grids.

Balancing electricity supply and demand at any time is becoming harder as renewable
energy becomes more widespread, given that wind and solar power are highly intermittent as
well as distributed across a very large number of sources. Ensuring frequency and voltage
stability of the grid is therefore an increasingly complex challenge.

In Europe, power networks will have to be better interconnected if the region is to make use
of its natural power sources. Wind from the North Sea or the Atlantic, sun from the South,
hydro facilities in Norway or the Alps, all need to be connected with energy-intensive industrial
regions. Transmission grids need to be upgraded but they also need to become more flexible
and intelligent. We expect HVDC to be deployed more widely as it is well suited to many of
the emerging trends, and the hybrid HVDC breaker should pave the way for the development
of an interconnected grid based on direct current.

“ABB is one of the few global companies
operating in the attractive sectors of power and automation”

Manufacturing is also changing. Rising wages in emerging economies, higher transport
and energy costs, and increasing levels of automation are driving manufacturers to look
for ways to stay competitive other than by offshoring activities to markets with lower labor
costs.

06 Chairman and CEO letter | ABB Annual Report 2012


--- Page 4 ---

Among these, the ability to respond rapidly to changing customer needs stands out.
Quick customer response, the need for mass customization, short lead times and low
inventories favor the location of manufacturing facilities close to the customer, and recent
advances in automation enable this change. Modern factory automation systems are
flexible and allow manufacturers to respond quickly to changes in demand without sacrificing
quality or consistency, with fewer, more skilled workers. Further, integration of automation
systems and fast communication mean that supply chains can be kept lean despite the variety
of products.

These trends illustrate why power and automation continue to be dynamic segments
with compelling growth prospects. ABB is one of the few global companies operating in these
two attractive sectors.

Unique strengths

We remain confident because ABB has many strengths. ABB has been resilient in the recent
slowdown thanks to the way our activities are balanced across geographies and across

the business cycle. We have a unique and strong presence in most of the markets in which we
operate thanks to the deep roots that we have established in leading mature and emerging
markets alike.

“Our strong balance sheet gives us ample flexibility’

We have also been resourceful, penetrating geographic markets as diverse as the US
and Indonesia and new industrial ones such as data centers, developing attractive business
models such as our new approach to service, and continuing to drive sustainable savings
across the business through greater efficiency. We have invested extensively in technology,
sharpening our technological leadership in power and automation.

What’s more, our strong balance sheet gives us ample flexibility to invest where we see
an opportunity to grow the business profitably while maintaining our single-A credit rating.
Thanks to the company’s excellent cash generation and prospects, the Board has once again
proposed an increase in the dividend to shareholders.

Most importantly ABB has become a company in which integrity and sustainability have
evolved from top-down activities into ways of thinking that are becoming embedded in
the way we do business. Our people have a passion for technology, a pragmatic common
sense and the cultural diversity that helps us to find and exploit new opportunities.

We are confident that all these factors make ABB a great company to work for, do
business with and invest in, and are the promise of a great future.

TEN wr e~ | am

Hubertus von Griinberg Joe Hogan
Chairman CEO

March 14, 2013

ABB Annual Report 2012 | Chairman and CEO letter 07


--- Page 5 ---

Highlights

Resilient performance through the cycle:
In local currencies, orders and revenues
increased despite difficult business
climate

Actions under way to secure higher and
more consistent earnings in the power
businesses

More profitable service revenues grew
faster than total revenues, in line with our
strategic initiative to increase the total
share of service business

Customer satisfaction increased
by 32 percent, as measured by the
Net Promoter Score survey

Successful execution on costs again
supported profitability in line with targets

Investment in research and development
rose to $1.5 billion, or 3.7 percent of
revenues

One of the strongest balance sheets

in the sector on robust cash generation;
Board proposes 5 percent increase in
dividend

Further strengthened our automation
portfolio: Thomas & Betts, acquired in
May, contributed about $280 million in
operational EBITDA; integration on track

Continued technology leadership,
including circuit breaker for high voltage
direct current and synchronous reluc-
tance motors for high-efficiency industrial
applications

Total ABB Group ($ millions unless otherwise indicated)

Orders E

Revenues |

Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)

ree eee nee eS EET

ee aN mn
as % of operational revenues

Net income (attributable to ABB)

Basic earnings per share ($)
Dividend per share in CHF (proposed)
Cash flow from operating activities
Free cash flow”

as % of net income
Cash return on invested capital

Number of employees

146,100 133,600

© Please refer to Note 23 to ABB's Consolidated Financial Statements for a definition of operational EBITDA.

# Please refer to page 154 for a definition of free cash flow and cash return on invested capital.

08 Highlights | ABB Annual Report 2012


--- Page 6 ---

Revenues 2012 by division (unconsolidated) R&D expenses (% of total revenue)
4.0

@ Power Products, 25%

Power Systems, 18%
™ Discrete Automation 3.0
and Motion, 22%
© Low Voltage Products, 16%
Process Automation, 19% 2. Target R&D
spend 4%
by 2015
A
oO.

2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2015

o

o

o

Service (% of total revenue) Orders 2012 by region

™@ Europe, 34%

Impact of @ Americas, 30%
service B Asia, 26%
strategy
™ Middle East and Africa, 10%
20-25%
ambition
2007 +2008 2009 2010 2011* 2012** 2015
*excl. Baldor “excl. Thomas & Betts
Emerging vs mature market orders 2012 Dividend payout (CHF per share)

0.8

@ Emerging markets, 46%

™@ Mature markets, 54%
0.6

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012*
(*proposed)

0.

B

0.

io

ABB Annual Report 2012 | Highlights 09


--- Page 7 ---

As of March 1, 2013

Executive Committee

From left to right

Ulrich Spiesshofer Head of Discrete Automation and Motion division
Greg Scheu Head of Marketing and Customer Solutions

Bernhard Jucker Head of Power Products division

Prith Banerjee Chief Technology Officer

Frank Duggan Head of Global Markets

Eric Elzvik Chief Financial Officer

10 ABB Group Executive Committee | ABB Annual Report 2012

Joe Hogan Chief Executive Officer

Tarak Mehta Head of Low Voltage Products division

Brice Koch Head of Power Systems division

Diane de Saint Victor General Counsel and Head of Legal and Integrity
Veli-Matti Reinikkala Head of Process Automation division

Gary Steel Head of Human Resources

Eric Elzvik was appointed Chief Financial Officer with effect from
February 1, 2013, to succeed Michel Demaré, who is leaving ABB.

‘EWS:


--- Page 8 ---

As of March 1, 2013

Regional and country managers

North America Enrique Santacana
Canada Daniel Assandri

Mexico Daniel Galicia

United States (including

US Virgin Islands) Enrique Santacana

South America Sergio Gomes
Argentina Christian Newton
Aruba Ramon Monras
Barbados Guillermo Rodriguez
Brazil Sergio Gomes

Chile Jose Paiva

Colombia Ramon Monras
Ecuador Ramon Monras

El Salvador Guillermo Rodriguez
Guatemala Guillermo Rodriguez
Panama Guillermo Rodriguez
Peru Adolfo Samaniego
Uruguay Christian Newton
Venezuela Ramon Monras

Mediterranean Barbara Frei
Algeria Khaled Torbey
Croatia Steffen Drausnigg
France Pierre St-Arnaud
Greece Apostolos Petropoulos
israel Ronen Aharon

italy Barbara Frei

Morocco Christian Bogers
Portugal Miguel Pernes
Serbia Aleksandar Cosic
Spain Carlos Marcos

Tunisia Christian Bogers
Turkey Sami Sevinc

Northern Europe Trevor Gregory
Denmark Claus Madsen

Estonia Bo Henriksson

Finland Tauno Heinola

Ireland Tom O'Reilly

Kazakhstan Altay Toyganbaev
Latvia Bo Henriksson

Lithuania Bo Henriksson

Norway Steffen Waal

Russian Federation Anatoliy Popov
Sweden Johan Soderstrom

United Kingdom Trevor Gregory

Central Europe Peter Terwiesch
Austria Franz Chalupecky
Belgium Alfons Goos
Bulgaria Peter Simon

Czech Republic Hannu Kasi
Germany Peter Terwiesch
Hungary Tanja Vainio
Luxembourg Alfons Goos
Netherlands Alfons Goos
Poland Miroslaw Gryszka
Romania Peter Simon
Slovakia Marcel van der Hoek
Slovenia Boris Bozic
Switzerland Remo Luetolf
Ukraine Dmytro Zhdanov

North Asia Claudio Facchin
China Claudio Facchin
Japan Tony Zeitoun

Korea Yun-Sok Han

Taiwan Kayee Ding

© New country manager as of March 1, 2013

South Asia Haider Rashid
Australia Axel Kuhr

Indonesia Hendrik Weiler
Malaysia Stephen Pearce
Myanmar Chaiyot Piyawannarat
New Caledonia Axel Kuhr

New Zealand Grant Gillard
Papua New Guinea Axel Kuhr
Philippines Min-Kyu Choi
Singapore Haider Rashid
Thailand Chaiyot Piyawannarat
Vietnam Jian Peng Fu

India, Middle East and Africa Frank Duggan
Angola Antonio D’Oliveira
Bahrain Mahmoud Shaban
Bangladesh Joy-Rajarshi Banerjee
Botswana Gift Nkwe

Central Africa Naji Jreijiri
Congo Thryphon Mungono.
Céte d'Ivoire Magloire Elogne
Cameroon Pierre Njigui

Eastern Africa Jose da Matta
Egypt Naji Jreijiri

Ethiopia Nikola Stojanovic
Gambia Pierre Njigui

Ghana Hesham Tehemer

india Bazmi Husain

Jordan Maroun Zakhour

Kenya Jose daMatta

Kuwait Richard Ledgard
Lebanon Maroun Zakhour
Mauritius Ajay Vij

Mozambique Paulo David
Namibia Hagen Seiler

Nigeria Naji Jreijiri®?

Oman Saeed Fahim

Pakistan Arfeen Khalid

Qatar Juha Alopaeus

Saudi Arabia Mahmoud Shaban
Senegal Issa Guisse

Southern Africa Leon Viljoen
Tanzania Michael Otonya
Uganda Norah Kipwola

United Arab Emirates Carlos Pone
Zambia Russell Harawa
Zimbabwe Charles Shamu

ABB Annual Report 2012 | Regional and country managers 11


--- Page 9 ---

12 Corporate governance report | ABB Annual Report 2012


--- Page 10 ---

Corporate governance report

Contents

1 4 Principles

1 5 Group structure and shareholders

1 1 Capital structure

19 Shareholders’ participation

20 Board of Directors

23 Executive Committee

25 Business relationships

25 Employee participation programs

25 Duty to make a public tender offer
26 Auditors

26 Information policy

at Further information on corporate governance

ABB Annual Report 2012| Corporate governance report 13


--- Page 11 ---

1. Principles

1.1 General principles

ABB is committed to the highest international standards

of corporate governance, and supports the general principles

as set forth in the Swiss Code of Best Practice for Corporate

Governance, as well as those of the capital markets where its

shares are listed and traded.

In addition to the provisions of the Swiss Code of Obliga-
tions, ABB’s key principles and rules on corporate gover-
nance are laid down in ABB’s Articles of Incorporation, the
ABB Ltd Board Regulations and Corporate Governance
Guidelines (which includes the regulations of ABB’s board
committees and the ABB Ltd Related Party Transaction
Policy), and the ABB Code of Conduct and the Addendum
to the ABB Code of Conduct for Members of the Board
of Directors and the Executive Committee. It is the duty of
ABB's Board of Directors (the Board) to review and amend
or propose amendments to those documents from time to
time to reflect the most recent developments and practices,
as well as to ensure compliance with applicable laws and
regulations.

This section of the Annual Report is based on the Directive
on Information Relating to Corporate Governance published
by the SIX Swiss Exchange. Where an item listed in the direc-
tive is not addressed in this report, it is either inapplicable
to or immaterial for ABB.

According to the New York Stock Exchange’s corporate
governance standards (the Standards), ABB is required to
disclose significant ways in which its corporate governance
practices differ from the Standards. ABB has reviewed
the Standards and concluded that its corporate governance
practices are generally consistent with the Standards, with
the following significant exceptions:

- Swiss law requires that the external auditors be elected
by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting rather
than by the finance and audit committee or the board of
directors.

- The Standards require that all equity compensation plans
and material revisions thereto be approved by the share-
holders. Consistent with Swiss law such matters are
decided by our Board. However, the shareholders decide
about the creation of new share capital that can be used
in connection with equity compensation plans.

14 Corporate governance report | ABB Annual Report 2012

1.2 Duties of directors and officers

The directors and officers of a Swiss corporation are bound,
as specified in the Swiss Code of Obligations, to perform
their duties with all due care, to safeguard the interests of the
corporation in good faith and to extend equal treatment to
shareholders in like circumstances.

The Swiss Code of Obligations does not specify what
standard of due care is required of the directors of a corporate
board. However, it is generally held by Swiss legal scholars
and jurisprudence that the directors must have the requisite
capability and skill to fulfill their function, and must devote
the necessary time to the discharge of their duties. Moreover,
the directors must exercise all due care that a prudent and
diligent director would have taken in like circumstances. Finally,
the directors are required to take actions in the best interests
of the corporation and may not take any actions that may be
harmful to the corporation.

Exercise of powers

Directors, as well as other persons authorized to act on
behalf of a Swiss corporation, may perform all legal acts on
behalf of the corporation which the business purpose, as

set forth in the articles of incorporation of the corporation, may
entail. Pursuant to court practice, such directors and offi-
cers can take any action that is not explicitly excluded by the
business purpose of the corporation. In so doing, however,
the directors and officers must still pursue the duty of due care
and the duty of loyalty described above and must extend
equal treatment to the corporation’s shareholders in like cir-
cumstances. ABB's Articles of Incorporation do not contain
provisions concerning a director’s power, in the absence of
an independent quorum, to vote on the compensation to
themselves or any members of their body.

Conflicts of interest

Swiss law does not have a general provision on conflicts

of interest and our Articles of Incorporation do not limit our
directors’ power to vote on a proposal, arrangement or
contract in which the director or officer is materially interested.
However, the Swiss Code of Obligations requires directors
and officers to safeguard the interests of the corporation and,
in this connection, imposes a duty of care and loyalty on
directors and officers. This rule is generally understood and
so recommended by the Swiss Code of Best Practice for
Corporate Governance as disqualifying directors and officers
from participating in decisions, other than in the shareholders’
meeting, that directly affect them.


--- Page 12 ---

Confidentiality

Confidential information obtained by directors and officers
of a Swiss corporation acting in such capacity must be kept
confidential during and after their term of office.

Sanctions

If directors and officers transact business on behalf of the
corporation with bona fide third parties in violation of their
statutory duties, the transaction is nevertheless valid, as long
as it is not explicitly excluded by the corporation’s business
purpose as set forth in its articles of incorporation. Directors
and officers acting in violation of their statutory duties —
whether transacting business with bona fide third parties or
performing any other acts on behalf of the company — may,
however, become liable to the corporation, its shareholders
and its creditors for damages. The liability is joint and
several, but the courts may apportion the liability among the
directors and officers in accordance with their degree of
culpability.

In addition, Swiss law contains a provision under which
payments made to a shareholder or a director or any
person(s) associated therewith, other than at arm’s length,
must be repaid to the company if the shareholder or
director or any person associated therewith was acting in
bad faith.

If the board of directors has lawfully delegated the power
to carry out day-to-day management to a different corporate

body, e.g., the executive committee, it is not liable for the acts

of the members of that different corporate body. Instead,

the directors can be held liable only for their failure to properly

select, instruct and supervise the members of that different
corporate body.

2.Group structure and
shareholders

2.1 Group structure

ABB Lid, Switzerland, is the ultimate parent company

of the ABB Group, which at December 31, 2012, principally
comprised 380 consolidated operating and holding subsid-
iaries worldwide. ABB Ltd's shares are listed on the SIX Swiss
Exchange, the NASDAQ OMX Stockholm Exchange and the
New York Stock Exchange (where its shares are traded in the
form of American depositary shares (ADS) - each ADS repre-
senting one registered ABB share). On December 31, 2012,
ABB Ltd had a market capitalization of CHF 43 billion.

The only consolidated subsidiary in the ABB Group with
listed shares is ABB Limited, Bangalore, India, which is listed
on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock
Exchange of India. On December 31, 2012, ABB Ltd, Switzer-
land, directly or indirectly owned 75 percent of ABB Limited,
Bangalore, India, which at that time had a market capitaliza-
tion of INR 150 billion.

Stock exchange listings

Stock exchange Security Ticker symbol ISIN code

SIX Swiss Exchange ‘ABB Ltd, Zurich, share ABBN (CHO012221716

NASDAQ OMX Stockholm Exchange ====~=S=~SCABBLLtd, Zurich, share. SS*~=<C*s«<C@W@SSSSSS™S™~™:™~™:CH DAIS
New York Stock Exchange ‘ABB Ltd, Zurich, ADS ABB US0003752047

Bombay Stock Exchange ‘ABB Limited, Bangalore, share ‘ABB INE117A01022

National Stock Exchange of India ‘ABB Limited, Bangalore, share ABB INE117A01022

* also called Scrip ID

All data as of December 31, 2012.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Corporate governance report 15


--- Page 13 ---

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2012, the name, country of incorporation, ownership interest and share

capital of the significant direct and indirect subsidiaries of ABB Ltd, Switzerland:

ABB Ltd’s significant subsidiaries

ABB Share capital
Company name/location Country interest % in thousands Currency
ABB S.A., Buenos Aires ‘Argentina 400.00 56,72 ARS
‘ABB Australia Pty Limited, Sydney Australia 100.00 422,436 AUD
ABBAG, Viena Austria 100.00 1,000 EUR
ABB NV., Zaventem Belgium 100.00 13,290 EUR
ABB Lida., Osasco Brazil 400.00 94,396 BRL
ABB Bulgaria EOOD, Sofia Bulgaria 100.00 3,010 BGN
ABB Inc., St. Laurent, Quebec Canada 100.00 255,797 CAD
‘ABB (China) Ltd., Beijing China 100.00 310,000 USD
‘Asea Brown Boveri Ltda., Bogota Colombia 100.00 486,440 cop
ABB Ltd., Zagreb Croatia 100.00 2,730 HRK
ABB s.r.0., Prague Czech Republic 100.00 400,000 CZK
ABB A/S, Skovlunde Denmark 100.00 400,000 DKK
ABB Ecuador $.A., Quito Ecuador 96.87 325 USD
‘Asea Brown Boveri S.A.E., Cairo Egypt 400.00 116,000 USD
ABB AS, Jiiri Estonia 400.00 1,663 EUR
ABB Oy, Helsinki Finland 100.00 10,003 EUR
ABB S.A., Les Ulis France 100.00 38,921 EUR
ABB AG, Mannheim Germany 100.00 467,500 EUR
‘ABB Automation GmbH, Mannheim Germany 400.00 45,000 EUR
ABB Automation Products GmbH, Ladenburg Germany 400.00 40,620
‘ABB Betelligungs- und Verwaltungsges. mbH, Mannheim ——~=~=SSS*~*~«Grmany”—= joo00 61,355
ABB Stotz-Kontakt GmbH, Heidelberg Germany 400.00 7,500
Busch-Jaeger Elektro GmbH, Mannheim/Lidenscheid Germany 400.00 4,535
‘Asea Brown Boveri S.A., Metamorphosis Attica Greece 100.00 4,721
‘ABB (Hong Kong) Ltd., Hong Kong Hong Kong 100.00 20,000
‘ABB Engineering Trading and Service Ltd., Budapest Hungary 100.00 444,090
‘ABB Limited, Bangalore India 75.00 423,817
‘ABB Ltd, Dublin Ireland 100.00 635
ABB Technologies Ltd., Tirat Carmel Israel 99.99 420
ABB S.p.A., Milan Italy 100.00 407,000
ABB K.K., Tokyo Japan 100.00 1,000,000
‘ABB Ltd., Seoul Korea, Republic of 100.00 18,670,000
‘ABB Holdings Sdn. Bhd., Subang Jaya Malaysia 4,490
‘Asea Brown Boveri S.A. de C.V., San Luis Potosi S.L.P Mexico 667,686
ABB B\., Rotterdam Netherlands 9,200.
Fae er Br iene mn eee cnn EO cc
‘ABB Holdings B.V., Amsterdam Netherlands 119
Pesca Pte NO cc
Pa see oc sagen
‘ABB Holding AS, Billingstad Norway 240,000
aa sii enna
‘ABB, Inc., Paranaque, Metro Manila Philippines . 423,180
Fee eM on EES NRE cd Coc
‘ABB (Asea Brown Boveri), S.A., Paco de Arcos Portugal 4at7
‘Asea Brown Boveriltd, Moscow Russian Federation 941

16 Corporate governance report | ABB Annual Report 2012



--- Page 14 ---

ABB Ltd’s significant subsidiaries, continued

c
ABB Contracting Company Lid., Riyadh
ABB Holdings Pte. Ltd., Singapore
ABB Holdings (Pty) Lid., Longmeadow
Asea Brown Boveri S.A., Madrid

ABB AB, Vasterds

ABB Norden Holding AB, Vasteras

Hoc:

Share capital

Country thousands
Spe 000
Sian er
eat oe yee

Spain 33,318
ee cece “ype aae
ee ern Sonne

ABB Schweiz AG, Baden
ABB Technology Ltd. Zurich
ABB LIMITED, Bangkok

ayi A.S., Istanbul

ABB Industries (CLC), Dubai —

Switzerland 55,000 CHF
See net EEO ae at
“Thailand —-100.00 1(034,000 THB

Turkey 13,410 TRY

ie ee gga

United Arab Emirates. —~—~—-49.00 “5,000 AED

ABB Limited, Warrington

ABB Holdings inc., Cary, NC. ees srr

ABB Inc., Cary, NC

Thomas & Betts Corporation, Kenoxvilio, T™N

ABB's operational group structure is described in the “Finan-
cial review” section of this Annual Report under “Operating
and financial review and prospects — Organizational structure”.

2.2 Significant shareholders

Investor AB, Sweden, held 182,030,142 ABB shares as of
December 31, 2012. This holding represents approximately
7.9 percent of ABB's total share capital and voting rights
as registered in the Commercial Register on that date. The
number of shares held by Investor AB does not include
shares held by Mr. Jacob Wallenberg, the chairman of Investor
AB, in his individual capacity.

BlackRock Inc., New York, U.S., disclosed that as per
July 25, 2011, it, together with its direct and indirect subsidiar-
ies, held 69,702,100 ABB shares corresponding to 3.0 per-
cent of ABB's total share capital and voting rights as registered
in the Commercial Register on December 31, 2012. For
a full review of the disclosure report pursuant to which Black-
Rock reported its ABB shareholdings, please refer to the
search facility of the SIX Swiss Exchange Disclosure Office
at http://www.six-swiss-exchange.com/shares/companies/
major_shareholders_en.htm!?fromDate=19980101&issuer
=10881

United Kingdom 60,000 GBP.
United States 100.00 a) USD
“United States «100.00 1 Usb
United States 400.00 0 USD
“United States «100.00. 0 Usb
Ne BEES on OR cscs Bese es

To the best of ABB’s knowledge, no other shareholder
held 3 percent or more of ABB’s total share capital and
voting rights as registered in the Commercial Register on
December 31, 2012.

Under ABB’s Articles of Incorporation, each registered
share represents one vote. Significant shareholders do not
have different voting rights.

To our knowledge, we are not directly or indirectly owned
or controlled by any government or by any other corporation
or person.

3. Capital structure

8.1 Ordinary share capital

On December 31, 2012, ABB’s ordinary share capital (in-
cluding treasury shares) as registered with the Commercial
Register amounted to CHF 2,384,185,561.92, divided into
2,314,743,264 fully paid registered shares with a par value of
CHF 1.03 per share.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Corporate governance report 17


--- Page 15 ---

3.2 Changes to the share capital

In 2011, ABB issued shares out of its contingent capital

in connection with ABB’s Management Incentive Plan (MIP).
For further details about the MIP see note 18 to ABB’s
consolidated financial statements contained in the Financial
review section of this Annual Report. The resulting share
capital of CHF 2,384,185,561.92, divided into 2,314,743,264
fully paid registered shares, was reflected in ABB’s Articles
of Incorporation dated December 5, 2011.

In 2010, ABB issued shares out of its contingent capital
in connection with the MIP. The resulting share capital of
CHF 2,378,045,525.92, divided into 2,308,782,064 fully paid
registered shares, was reflected in ABB's Articles of Incor-
poration dated December 20, 2010.

In 2010, ABB paid its dividend relating to the year 2009
by way of nominal value reduction in the par value of its
shares from CHF 1.54 to CHF 1.03. Corresponding adjust-
ments were made to the par value of ABB’s contingent and
authorized shares. Furthermore ABB cancelled 22,675,000
shares that had been repurchased under its share buyback
program. The resulting share capital of CHF 2,375,849,290.91,
divided into 2,306,649,797 fully paid registered shares,
was reflected in ABB’s Articles of Incorporation dated as of
April 26, 2010.

Except as described in this section, there were no
changes to ABB's share capital during 2012, 2011 and 2010.

3.3 Contingent share capital

As at December 31, 2012, ABB’s share capital may be in-
creased by an amount not to exceed CHF 206,000,000
through the issuance of up to 200,000,000 fully paid regis-
tered shares with a par value of CHF 1.03 per share
through the exercise of conversion rights and/or warrants
granted in connection with the issuance on national or
international capital markets of newly or already issued bonds
or other financial market instruments.

As at December 31, 2012, ABB’s share capital may be
increased by an amount not to exceed CHF 10,300,000
through the issuance of up to 10,000,000 fully paid registered
shares with a par value of CHF 1.03 per share through
the exercise of warrant rights granted to its shareholders. The
Board may grant warrant rights not taken up by shareholders
for other purposes in the interest of ABB.

18 Corporate governance report | ABB Annual Report 2012

The pre-emptive rights of the shareholders are excluded
in connection with the issuance of convertible or warrant-
bearing bonds or other financial market instruments or the
grant of warrant rights. The then current owners of warrants
will be entitled to subscribe for new shares. The conditions
of the conversion rights and/or warrants will be determined
by the Board.

The acquisition of shares through the exercise of
warrants and each subsequent transfer of the shares will be
subject to the restrictions of ABB’s Articles of Incorporation
(see section 4.2 in this Corporate Governance Report).

In connection with the issuance of convertible or warrant-
bearing bonds or other financial market instruments, the
Board is authorized to restrict or deny the advance subscrip-
tion rights of shareholders if such bonds or other financial
market instruments are for the purpose of financing or refinanc-
ing the acquisition of an enterprise, parts of an enterprise,
participations or new investments or an issuance on national
or international capital markets. If the Board denies advance
subscription rights, the convertible or warrant-bearing bonds
or other financial market instruments will be issued at the
relevant market conditions and the new shares will be issued
pursuant to the relevant market conditions taking into
account the share price and/or other comparable instruments
having a market price. Conversion rights may be exercised
during a maximum ten year period, and warrants may be
exercised during a maximum seven year period, in each case
from the date of the respective issuance. The advance
subscription rights of the shareholders may be granted indi-
rectly.

In addition as at December 31, 2012, ABB’s share
capital may be increased by an amount not to exceed
CHF 96,859,964 through the issuance of up to 94,038,800
fully paid shares with a par value of CHF 1.03 per share to
employees. The pre-emptive and advance subscription rights
of ABB’s shareholders are excluded. The shares or rights
to subscribe for shares will be issued to employees pursuant
to one or more regulations to be issued by the Board, taking
into account performance, functions, level of responsibility
and profitability criteria. ABB may issue shares or subscription
rights to employees at a price lower than that quoted on
a stock exchange. The acquisition of shares within the context
of employee share ownership and each subsequent transfer
of the shares will be subject to the restrictions of ABB’s Articles
of Incorporation (see section 4.2 of this Corporate Gover-
nance Report).


--- Page 16 ---

3.4 Authorized share capital

As at December 31, 2012, ABB had an authorized share
capital in the amount of up to CHF 206,000,000 through the
issuance of up to 200,000,000 fully paid registered shares
with a par value of CHF 1.03 each, which is valid until April 29,
2013, and the Board has decided to propose to the Share-
holders at the 2013 Annual General Meeting that the authorized
share capital be renewed through April 29, 2015. The Board
is authorized to determine the date of issue of new shares, the
issue price, the type of payment, the conditions for the
exercise of pre-emptive rights and the beginning date for
dividend entitlement. In this regard, the Board may issue
new shares by means of a firm underwriting through a bank-
ing institution, a syndicate or another third party with a sub-
sequent offer of these shares to the shareholders. The Board
may permit pre-emptive rights that have not been exercised
by shareholders to expire or it may place these rights and/or
shares as to which preemptive rights have been granted

but not exercised at market conditions or use them for other
purposes in the interest of the company. Furthermore, the
Board is authorized to restrict or deny the pre-emptive rights
of shareholders and allocate such rights to third parties if

the shares are used (1) for the acquisition of an enterprise, parts
of an enterprise, or participations, or for new investments,

or in case of a share placement, for the financing or refinanc-
ing of such transactions; or (2) for the purpose of broaden-
ing the shareholder constituency in connection with a listing
of shares on domestic or foreign stock exchanges.

8.5 Convertible bonds and warrants

ABB does not have any bonds outstanding that are convertible
into ABB shares. For information about warrants on shares
issued by ABB, please refer to note 19 to ABB’s consolidated
financial statements contained in the “Financial review” part
of this Annual Report.

4. Shareholders’
participation

4.1 Shareholders’ voting rights

ABB has one class of shares and each registered share car-
ries one vote at the general meeting. Voting rights may be
exercised only after a shareholder has been registered in the
share register of ABB as a shareholder with the right to vote,
or with Euroclear Sweden AB, which maintains a subregister
of the share register of ABB.

A shareholder may be represented at the Annual General
Meeting by its legal representative, by another shareholder with
the right to vote, a proxy nominated by ABB (Organvertreter),
an independent proxy designated by ABB (unabhangiger Stimm-
rechtsvertreter) or a depository institution (Depotvertreter).

All shares held by one shareholder may be represented by one
representative only.

For practical reasons shareholders must be registered in
the share register no later than 6 business days before the
general meeting in order to be entitled to vote. Except for the
cases described under section 4.2 below, there are no voting
rights restrictions limiting ABB’s shareholders’ rights.

4.2 Limitations on transferability of shares
and nominee registration

ABB may decline a registration with voting rights if a shareholder
does not declare that it has acquired the shares in its own
name and for its own account. If the shareholder refuses to
make such declaration, it will be registered as a shareholder
without voting rights.

A person failing to expressly declare in its registration
application that it holds the shares for its own account
(a nominee), will be entered in the share register with voting
rights, provided that such nominee has entered into an
agreement with ABB concerning its status, and further pro-
vided that the nominee is subject to recognized bank or
financial market supervision. In special cases the Board may
grant exemptions. There were no exemptions granted
in 2012.

The limitation on the transferability of shares may be
removed by an amendment of ABB’s Articles of Incorporation
by a shareholders’ resolution requiring two-thirds of the votes
represented at the meeting.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Corporate governance report 19


--- Page 17 ---

4.3 Shareholders’ dividend rights

ABB Ltd may pay out a dividend only if it has been proposed
by a shareholder or the Board and approved at a general
meeting of shareholders, and the auditors confirm that the
dividend conforms to statutory law and ABB’s Articles of
Incorporation. Dividends are usually due and payable in Swiss
francs and the ex-date for dividends is usually two trading
days after the approving shareholders’ resolution.

ABB has established, for tax purposes, a dividend access
facility for its shareholders who are residents of Sweden. If
such shareholders have registered their shares with Euroclear
Sweden AB, then they may elect to receive the dividend
in Swedish kronor from ABB Norden Holding AB without de-
duction of Swiss withholding tax. For further information
on the dividend access facility, please refer to ABB’s Articles
of Incorporation, a copy of which can be found in the section
“Corporate governance” at www.abb.com/investorcenter

4.4 General meeting

Shareholders’ resolutions at general meetings are approved
with an absolute majority of the votes represented at the
meeting, except for those matters described in article 704 of
the Swiss Code of Obligations and for resolutions with
respect to restrictions on the exercise of the right to vote and
the removal of such restrictions, which all require the ap-
proval of two-thirds of the votes represented at the meeting.

As at December 31, 2012, shareholders representing
shares of a par value totaling at least CHF 412,000 may
request items to be included in the agenda of a general
meeting. Any such request must be made in writing at
least 40 days prior to the date of the general meeting and
specify the items and the motions of such shareholder(s).

ABB's Articles of Incorporation do not contain provisions
on the convocation of the general meeting of shareholders
that differ from the applicable legal provisions.

20 Corporate governance report | ABB Annual Report 2012

5. Board of Directors

5.1 Responsibilities and organization

The Board defines the ultimate direction of the business of
ABB and issues the necessary instructions. It determines the
organization of the ABB Group and appoints, removes and
supervises the persons entrusted with the management and
representation of ABB.

The internal organizational structure and the definition of
the areas of responsibility of the Board, as well as the infor-
mation and control instruments vis-a-vis the Executive Com-
mittee, are set forth in the ABB Ltd Board Regulations
and Corporate Governance Guidelines, a copy of which can
be found in the section “Corporate governance” at
www.abb.com/investorcenter

The Board meets as frequently as needed but at
least four times per annual Board term. Board meetings are
convened by the chairman or upon request by a director
or the chief executive officer (CEO). Documentation covering
the various items of the agenda for each Board meeting is
sent out in advance to each Board member in order to allow
each member time to study the covered matters prior to
the meetings. Decisions made at the Board meetings are
recorded in written minutes of the meetings.

The CEO shall regularly, and whenever extraordinary
circumstances so require, report to the Board about
ABB’s overall business and affairs. Further, Board members
are entitled to information concerning ABB’s business
and affairs. Additional details are set forth in the ABB Ltd
Board Regulations & Corporate Governance Guidelines
which can be found in the section “Corporate governance”
at www.abb.com/investorcenter

5.2 Term and members

The members of the Board are elected individually at the
annual general meeting of the shareholders for a term of one
year; re-election is possible. Our Articles of Incorporation,

a copy of which can be found in the section “Corporate gov-
ernance” at www.abb.com/investorcenter, do not provide

for the retirement of directors based on their age. However,
an age limit for members of the Board is set forth in the

ABB Ltd Board Regulations and Corporate Governance Guide-
lines (although waivers are possible and subject to Board
discretion), a copy of which can be found in the section “Corpo-
rate governance” at www.abb.com/investorcenter


--- Page 18 ---

As at December 31, 2012, the members of the Board (Board
term April 2012 to April 2013) were:

Hubertus von Griinberg has been a member and chair-
man of ABB’s Board of Directors since May 3, 2007. He is
a member of the supervisory boards of Allianz Versicherungs AG
and Deutsche Telekom AG (both Germany). He is a member
of the board of directors of Schindler Holding AG (Switzerland).
Mr. von Grtinberg was born in 1942 and is a German citizen.

Roger Agnelli has been a member of ABB’s Board of
Directors since March 12, 2002. He was previously the presi-
dent and chief executive officer of Vale S.A. (Brazil).

Mr. Agnelli was born in 1959 and is a Brazilian citizen.

Louis R. Hughes has been a member of ABB’s Board
of Directors since May 16, 2003. He is the chairman of InZero
Systems (formerly GBS Laboratories LLC) (U.S.). He is also
a member of the boards of directors of Akzo Nobel (the Neth-
erlands) and Alcatel Lucent (France). Mr. Hughes was born
in 1949 and is a U.S. citizen.

Hans Ulrich M&rki has been a member of ABB’s Board
of Directors since March 12, 2002. He is the retired chairman
of IBM Europe, Middle East and Africa (France), and a member
of the board of directors of Mettler-Toledo International (U.S.)
and Swiss Re Ltd and Menuhin Festival Gstaad AG (both
Switzerland). He is also a member of the foundation board of
Schulthess Klinik, Zurich (Switzerland) and the board of
trustees of the Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg (Russia).
Mr. Marki was born in 1946 and is a Swiss citizen.

Michel de Rosen has been a member of ABB’s Board
of Directors since March 12, 2002. He is the chief executive
officer of and a member of the board of directors of Eutelsat
Communications (France). Mr. de Rosen was born in 1951 and
is a French citizen.

Michael Treschow has been a member of ABB’s Board
of Directors since May 16, 2003. He is the chairman of
the boards of directors of Unilever NV (the Netherlands), and
Unilever PLC (U.K.). He is also a member of the board of
directors of the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation (Sweden).
Mr. Treschow was born in 1943 and is a Swedish citizen.

Jacob Wallenberg has been a member of ABB’s Board
of Directors since June 26, 1999. From March 1999 to June
1999, he served as a member of the board of directors of
ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd, the former parent company of
the ABB Group. He is the chairman of the board of directors
of Investor AB (Sweden). He is vice chairman of Telefonaktie-
bolaget LM Ericsson AB, SEB Skandinaviska Enskilda Ban-
ken and SAS AB (all Sweden). He is also a member of the
boards of directors of the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Founda-
tion and the Stockholm School of Economics (both Sweden),
and The Coca-Cola Company (U.S.). Mr. Wallenberg was born
in 1956 and is a Swedish citizen.

Ying Yeh has been a member of ABB’s Board of Direc-
tors since April 29, 2011. She is a member of the boards of
directors of InterContinental Hotels Group (U.K.), Volvo AB
(Sweden) and Samsonite International S.A. (Luxembourg).
Ms. Yeh was born in 1948 and is a Chinese citizen.

As of December 31, 2012, all Board members were non-exec-
utive and independent directors (see also section 7 below),
and none of ABB’s Board members held any official functions
or political posts. Further information on ABB’s Board
members can be found by clicking on the ABB Board of Direc-
tors CV link which can be found in the section “Corporate
governance” at www.abb.com/investorcenter

5.3 Board committees

From among its members, the Board has appointed two
Board committees: the Governance, Nomination and Compen-
sation Committee (GNCC) and the Finance, Audit and
Compliance Committee (FACC). The duties and objectives
of the Board committees are set forth in the ABB Ltd

Board Regulations and Corporate Governance Guidelines,

a copy of which can be found in the section “Corporate
governance” at www.abb.com/investorcenter. These commit-
tees assist the Board in its tasks and report regularly to

the Board. The members of the Board committees are required
to be independent.

5.3.1 Governance, Nomination and
Compensation Committee

The GNCC is responsible for (1) overseeing corporate
governance practices within ABB, (2) nominating candidates
for the Board, the role of CEO and other positions on the
Executive Committee, and (3) succession planning, employ-
ment and compensation matters relating to the Board and
the Executive Committee. The GNCC is also responsible for
maintaining an orientation program for new Board mem-
bers and an ongoing education program for existing Board
members.

The GNCC must comprise three or more independent
directors. The chairman of the Board and, upon invitation by
the committee’s chairman, the CEO or other members of
the Executive Committee may participate in the committee
meetings, provided that any potential conflict of interest is
avoided and confidentiality of the discussions is maintained.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Corporate governance report 21


--- Page 19 ---

As at December 31, 2012, the members of the GNCC were:
Hans Ulrich Marki (chairman)

Michel de Rosen

Michael Treschow

Ying Yeh

5.3.2 Finance, Audit and Compliance
Committee

The FACC is responsible for overseeing (1) the integrity of
ABB’s financial statements, (2) ABB’s compliance with legal,
tax and regulatory requirements, (3) the independent
auditors’ qualifications and independence, (4) the performance
of ABB's internal audit function and external auditors, and

(5) ABB’s capital structure, funding requirements and financial
risk policies.

The FACC must comprise three or more independent
directors who have a thorough understanding of finance and
accounting. The chairman of the Board and, upon invitation
by the committee’s chairman, the CEO or other members of
the Executive Committee may participate in the committee
meetings, provided that any potential conflict of interest is avoided
and confidentiality of the discussions is maintained. In addi-
tion, the Chief Integrity Officer, the Head of Internal Audit and
the external auditors participate in the meetings as appro-
priate. As required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Com-
mission (SEC) at least one member of the FACC has to be
an audit committee financial expert. The Board has determined
that each member of the FACC is an audit committee finan-
cial expert.

As at December 31, 2012, the members of the FACC were:
Louis R. Hughes (chairman)

Roger Agnelli

Jacob Wallenberg

22 Corporate governance report | ABB Annual Report 2012

5.4 Meetings and attendance

The Board and its committees have regularly scheduled
meetings throughout the year. These meetings are supple-
mented by additional meetings (either in person or by
conference call), as necessary.

The table below shows the number of meetings held
during 2012 by the Board and its committees, their average
duration, as well as the attendance of the individual Board
members. In addition, members of the Board and the Execu-
tive Committee participated in a two-day strategic retreat.

Meetings and attendance Board GNCC  FACC
Regular Additional :
Average duration (hours): 6.2 0.8: 2.3 29
Number of meetings : 6 3: 10
Meetings attended: : :
Hubertus von Grinberg 6 3 - -
Roger Agnelli 6 3 - 5
Louis R. Hughes 6 3 - 6
Hans Ulrich Marki 6 3 10 -
Michel de Rosen 6 3 10 -
Michael Treschow 6 3 10 -
Jacob Wallenberg 6 3 - 6
Ying Yeh 6 3 10 -

5.5 Board Compensation
and Shareholdings

Information about Board compensation and shareholdings
can be found in sections titled “Components of compensation
to Board of Directors”, “Board of Directors compensation in
2012”, and “ABB shareholdings of members of the Board and
the Executive Committee” of the Remuneration report con-
tained in this Annual Report.

5.6 Secretary to the Board

Diane de Saint Victor is the secretary to the Board.


--- Page 20 ---

6. Executive Committee

6.1 Responsibilities and organization

The Board has delegated the executive management of
ABB to the CEO and the other members of the Executive
Committee. The CEO and under his direction the other
members of the Executive Committee are responsible for
ABB’s overall business and affairs and day-to-day manage-
ment.

The CEO reports to the Board regularly, and whenever
extraordinary circumstances so require, on the course of
ABB's business and financial performance and on all organi-
zational and personnel matters, transactions and other
issues relevant to the Group.

Each member of the Executive Committee is appointed
and discharged by the Board.

6.2 Members of the Executive Committee

As at December 31, 2012, the members of the Executive
Committee were:

Joe Hogan joined ABB’s Executive Committee as Chief
Executive Officer in September 2008. Before joining ABB,

Mr. Hogan was the CEO and President of General Electric’s
GE Healthcare unit from 2000 to 2008. From 1985 to 2000,
Mr. Hogan held various positions at General Electric.

Mr. Hogan was born in 1957 and is a U.S. citizen.

Michel Demaré joined ABB’s Executive Committee as
Chief Financial Officer in January 2005. From October 2008
to March 2011, he was also Head of Global Markets. From
February 2008 to August 2008, he was appointed interim CEO
in addition to his duties as CFO. He is also vice chairman of
the board of directors of UBS AG and a board member of
Syngenta AG and IMD Foundation (all Switzerland). From 2002
until 2004, Mr. Demaré was vice president and chief finan-
cial officer of Baxter Europe. From 1984 until 2002, he held
various positions within Dow Chemical (U.S.). Mr. Demaré
was born in 1956 and is a Belgian citizen.

Gary Steel joined ABB’s Executive Committee as Head
of Human Resources in January 2003. Mr. Steel is a member
of the board of directors of Harman International Industries
Inc. (U.S.) and a director of Aquamarine Power (U.K.). In 2002,
he was the human resources director, group finance at Royal
Dutch Shell (the Netherlands). Between 1976 and 2002, he
held several human resources and employee relations positions
at Royal Dutch Shell. Mr. Steel was born in 1952 and is a
British citizen.

Diane de Saint Victor joined ABB's Executive Commit-
tee as General Counsel in January 2007. As of March 2013,
she has been named as a non-executive director of Barclays
Bank Plc. From 2004 to 2006, she was general counsel of
European Aeronautic Defence and Space, EADS (France/
Germany). From 2003 to 2004, she was general counsel of
SCA Hygiene Products (Germany). From 1993 to 2003, she
held various legal positions with Honeywell International
(France/Belgium). From 1988 to 1993, she held various legal
positions with General Electric (U.S.). Ms. de Saint Victor
was born in 1955 and is a French citizen.

Frank Duggan was appointed Executive Committee
member responsible for Global Markets in March 2011. Since
2008 he is also ABB’s region manager for India, Middle East
and Africa. From 2008 to 2011, he was ABB's country man-
ager for the United Arab Emirates. From 2004 to 2007, he
was head of ABB’s Group Account Management and ABB's
country manager for Ireland. Between 1986 and 2004, he
held several management positions with ABB. Mr. Duggan
was born in 1959 and is an Irish citizen.

Greg Scheu was appointed Executive Committee mem-
ber responsible for Marketing and Customer Solutions in
May 2012. Mr. Scheu, a former executive at Rockwell Interna-
tional, joined ABB in 2001 and was responsible for the inte-
gration of Baldor Electric Co. which ABB acquired in January
2011. Mr. Scheu was born in 1961 and is a U.S. citizen.

Prith Banerjee joined ABB's Executive Committee as
Chief Technology Officer in May 2012. From 2007 to 2012,
Mr. Banerjee was Senior Vice President of Research Hewlett
Packard and Director of HP Labs (U.S.). Prior to that, Mr.
Banerjee was Professor of Electrical Engineering and Com-
puter Science, as well as Dean of the College of Engineering
at the University of Illinois, Chicago. Mr. Banerjee was born
in 1960 and is a U.S. citizen.

Bernhard Jucker was appointed Executive Committee
member responsible for the Power Products division in January
2006. From 2003 to 2005, he was ABB’s country manager
for Germany. From 1980 to 2003, he held various positions in
ABB. Mr. Jucker was born in 1954 and is a Swiss citizen.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Corporate governance report 23


--- Page 21 ---

Brice Koch was appointed Executive Committee mem-
ber responsible for the Power Systems division in March 2012.
From January 2010 to March 2012, Mr. Koch was Executive
Committee member responsible for Marketing and Customer
Solutions. From 2007 to 2009 he was the Manager of ABB
in China and of ABB’s North Asia Region. Between 1994
and 2006, he held several management positions with ABB.
He is also member of the board of directors of Rector S.A.
(France) and ETH Zurich Foundation (Switzerland). Mr. Koch
was born in 1964 and is a French citizen.

Ulrich Spiesshofer was appointed Executive Commit-
tee member responsible for the Discrete Automation and
Motion division in January 2010. He joined ABB in November
2005 as Executive Committee member responsible for Cor-
porate Development. From 2002 until he joined ABB, he was
senior partner, global head of operations practice at Roland
Berger AG (Switzerland). Prior to 2002, he held various posi-
tions with A.T. Kearney Ltd. and its affiliates. Mr. Spiesshofer
was born in 1964 and is a German citizen.

Tarak Mehta was appointed Executive Committee
member responsible for the Low Voltage Products division
in October 2010. From 2007 to 2010, he was head of the
Transformers business. Between 1998 and 2006, he held
several management positions with ABB. Mr. Mehta was
born in 1966 and is a U.S. citizen.

Veli-Matti Reinikkala was appointed Executive Com-
mittee member responsible for the Process Automation
division in January 2006. He is a member of the board of
directors of UPM-Kymmene (Finland). In 2005, he was the
head of the Process Automation business area. From 1993
to 2005, he held several positions with ABB. Mr. Reinikkala
was born in 1957 and is a Finnish citizen.

In addition, as of February 1, 2013, Michel Demaré
stepped down as ABB’s Chief Financial Officer and member
of the Executive Committee and Eric Elzvik has succeeded
him as Chief Financial Officer and member of the Execu-
tive Committee. From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Elzvik was the Chief
Financial Officer of ABB’s Discrete Automation and Motion
division. Mr. Elzvik joined ABB in 1984 and has held a variety
of other leadership roles in Sweden, Singapore and Switzer-
land, including head of Corporate Development, and head of
Mergers & Acquisitions and New Ventures. Mr. Elzvik was
born in 1960 and is a Swiss and Swedish citizen.

24 Corporate governance report | ABB Annual Report 2012

Further information about the members of the Executive
Committee can be found by clicking on the Executive
Committee CV link in the section “Corporate governance”
at www.abb.com/investorcenter

6.3 Executive Committee Compensation
and Shareholdings

Information about Executive Committee compensation and
shareholdings can be found in sections titled “Components
of executive compensation”, “EC compensation in 2012”,
“Compensation to former members of the Board and the EC”,
and “ABB shareholdings of members of the Board and

the EC” of the Remuneration report contained in this Annual
Report.

6.4 Management contracts

There are no management contracts between ABB
and companies or natural persons not belonging to the
ABB Group.


--- Page 22 ---

7. Business relationships

This section describes important business relationships
between ABB and its Board and Executive Committee mem-
bers, or companies and organizations represented by them.
This determination has been made based on ABB Ltd’s
Related Party Transaction Policy. This policy is contained in
the ABB Ltd Board Regulations and Corporate Governance
Guidelines, a copy of which can be found in the section
“Corporate governance” at www.abb.com/investorcenter

Vale S.A. and its subsidiaries (Vale) and ABB have
entered into a framework agreement establishing general
terms and conditions for the supply of products, systems
and services among their respective group subsidiaries. ABB
supplies Vale primarily with process automation products
for mineral systems. The total revenues recorded by ABB in
2012 relating to its contracts with Vale were approximately
$140 million. Roger Agnelli was previously president and CEO
of Vale.

Atlas Copco AB (Atlas Copco) is an important customer
of ABB. ABB supplies Atlas Copco primarily with drives and
motors through its Discrete Automation and Motion division.
The total revenues recorded by ABB relating to business with
Atlas Copco were approximately $60 million in 2012. Jacob
Wallenberg was vice chairman of Atlas Copco until April 2012.

ABB has an unsecured syndicated $2-billion, revolving
credit facility. As of December 31, 2012, SEB Skandinaviska
Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (SEB) and UBS AG (UBS) had
each committed to $71 million out of the $2-billion total. In
addition, in February 2012, ABB entered into a $4-billion term
credit agreement to provide bridge financing for the acquisi-
tion of Thomas & Betts Corporation. SEB and UBS had each
committed to lend ABB $250 million as of the completion
of the primary syndication. The term credit agreement was
never drawn and was cancelled in May 2012. In addition,
ABB has regular banking business with UBS and SEB. Jacob
Wallenberg is the vice chairman of SEB and Michel Demaré
is the vice chairman of UBS.

ABB has also retained Ortec Finance B.V. (Ortec) to
provide pension modeling services. Michel Demaré’s spouse
is an employee and the chairman of the board of directors
of Ortec’s Swiss subsidiary.

After comparing the share of revenues generated from
ABB's business with Vale and Atlas Copco, after reviewing
the banking commitments of UBS and SEB, and after consid-
ering Ortec’s business relationship with ABB, the Board
has determined that ABB’s business relationships with those
companies are not unusual in their nature or conditions
and do not constitute material business relationships. As a
result, the Board concluded that all members of the Board
are considered to be independent directors. This determina-
tion was made in accordance with ABB Ltd’s Related Party
Transaction Policy which was prepared based on the Swiss
Code of Best Practice for Corporate Governance and the
independence criteria set forth in the corporate governance
rules of the New York Stock Exchange.

8. Employee participation
programs

In order to align its employees’ interests with the business
goals and financial results of the company, ABB operates

a number of incentive plans, linked to ABB’s shares, such as
the Employee Share Acquisition Plan, the Management
Incentive Plan and the Long-Term Incentive Plan. For a more
detailed description of these incentive plans, please refer to
note 18 to ABB’s consolidated financial statements contained
in the Financial review section of this Annual Report.

9. Duty to make a public
tender offer

ABB's Articles of Incorporation do not contain any provisions
raising the threshold (opting-up) or waiving the duty (opt-

ing out) to make a public tender offer pursuant to article 32
of the Swiss Stock Exchange and Securities Trading Act.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Corporate governance report 25


--- Page 23 ---

10. Auditors

10.1 Auditors

Ernst & Young are the auditors of ABB’s statutory and
consolidated accounts.

10.2 Duration of the mandate and term
of office of the auditor

Ernst & Young assumed the auditing mandate of the ABB
Group in 1994. The head auditor responsible for the mandate,
Nigel Jones, began serving in this function in respect of the
financial year ended December 31, 2008.

Pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation, the term of
office of ABB’s auditors is one year.

10.3 Auditing and additional fees paid
to the auditor

The audit fees charged by Ernst & Young for the legally
prescribed audit amounted to approximately $28.6 million in
2012. Audit services are defined as the standard audit work
performed each fiscal year necessary to allow the auditors to
issue an opinion on the consolidated financial statements

of ABB and to issue an opinion on the local statutory finan-
cial statements.

This classification may also include services that can be
provided only by the auditors, such as assistance with the
application of new accounting policies, pre-issuance reviews
of quarterly financial results and comfort letters delivered
to underwriters in connection with debt and equity offerings.

In addition, Ernst & Young charged approximately
$8.0 million for non-audit services performed during 2012.
Non-audit services include primarily accounting consulta-
tions and audits in connection with divestments, audits of
pension and benefit plans, accounting advisory services, tax
compliance and other tax services. In accordance with the
requirements of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules
issued by the SEC, ABB has, on a global basis, a process
for the review and pre-approval of audit and non-audit services
to be performed by Ernst & Young.

26 Corporate governance report | ABB Annual Report 2012

10.4 Supervisory and control
instruments vis-a-vis the auditors

The FACC prepares proposals to the Board for the appoint-
ment and removal of the auditors. The FACC is also respon-
sible for supervising the auditors to ensure their qualifications,
independence and performance. It meets regularly with the
auditors to obtain reports about the results of their audit
procedures. The FACC reports the material elements of its
supervision of the auditors to the Board.

11. Information policy

ABB, as a publicly traded company, is committed to commu-
nicating in a timely and consistent way to shareholders,
potential investors, financial analysts, customers, suppliers,
the media and other interested parties. ABB is required to
disseminate material information pertaining to its businesses
in a manner that complies with its obligations under the
rules of the stock exchanges where its shares are listed and
traded.

ABB publishes an annual report that provides audited
financial statements and information about business results,
strategy, corporate governance, human resources, sustain-
ability (including health and safety) and technology. In addition,
ABB also submits an annual report on Form 20-F to the
SEC. In addition, ABB publishes its results on a quarterly
basis as press releases, distributed pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the stock exchanges on which its shares
are listed and traded. Press releases relating to financial
results and material events are also filed with the SEC on
Form 6-K. An archive containing Annual Reports, Form 20-F
reports, quarterly results releases and related presentations
can be found in the “Reports and presentations” section
at www.abb.com/investorcenter. The quarterly results press
releases contain unaudited financial information prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To subscribe to important
press releases, please click on the “Contacts and Services”
and choose “Subscribe to updates” at www.abb.com/
investorcenter. Ad hoc notices can also be found in the press
releases section at www.abb.com/news


--- Page 24 ---

ABB's official means of communication is the Swiss
Official Gazette of Commerce (www.shab.ch). The invitation
to the company’s Annual General Meeting is sent to regis-
tered shareholders by mail.

Inquiries may also be made to ABB Investor Relations:
Affolternstrasse 44

CH-8050 Zurich, Switzerland

Telephone: +41 (0)43 317 7111

Fax: +41 (0)44 311 9817

E-mail: investorrelations@ch.abb.com

ABB's Web site is: www.abb.com

12. Further information on
corporate governance

The list below contains references to additional information
concerning the corporate governance of ABB, which

can be accessed in the section “Corporate governance”

at www.abb.com/investorcenter

- Articles of Incorporation
— ABB Ltd Board Regulations and Corporate Governance
Guidelines
- Regulations of the Governance, Nomination and
Compensation Committee
- Regulations of the Finance, Audit and Compliance
Committee
- Related Party Transaction Policy
— ABB Code of Conduct
— Addendum to the ABB Code of Conduct for Members
of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee
- Comparison of ABB’s corporate governance practices
to the New York Stock Exchange rules
— CVs of the Board members
— CVs of the Executive Committee members

ABB Annual Report 2012| Corporate governance report 27


--- Page 25 ---

28 Remuneration report | ABB Annual Report 2012


--- Page 26 ---

Remuneration report

Contents

30 Board remuneration

32 Executive Committee remuneration

39 Additional fees and remuneration

39 Compensation to former members
of the Board and EC

39 Change of control provisions

39 ABB shareholdings of members
of the Board and EC

ABB Annual Report 2012| Remuneration report 29


--- Page 27 ---

ABB's success depends on its ability to attract and retain
people who will drive the business to outperform competitors
and create value for shareholders over the long term. These
are important considerations behind ABB’s remuneration
policy. The Remuneration report presents the principles of
this policy, the mechanisms for managing remuneration,

and the compensation in 2012 for members of the Board

of Directors (Board) and the Executive Committee (EC).

For the compensation in 2011, see Notes 10 and 11 to the
ABB Ltd statutory financial statements.

30 Remuneration report | ABB Annual Report 2012

1. Board remuneration

1.1 Governance and principles

The Board sets and periodically reviews compensation for its
members based on a comparison of the compensation of
non-executive board members of publicly-traded companies
in Switzerland that are part of the Swiss Market Index.

The Governance, Nomination and Compensation Committee
(GNCC) is responsible for making recommendations to the
Board.

1.2 Components of compensation

Members of the Board are paid for their service over a
12-month period that starts with their election at the annual
general meeting. Payment is made in two installments,

one following the first six months of the term and one at the
end. Board members do not receive pension benefits and
are not eligible to participate in any of ABB’s employee incen-
tive programs.

To align the interests of Board members with those of
ABB’s shareholders, half of each member's compensation is
paid in the form of ABB shares, though Board members
can alternatively choose to receive all their compensation in
shares. The shares are kept in a blocked account for three
years. Departing Board members are entitled to the shares
when they leave the company unless agreed otherwise.

The number of shares awarded is calculated prior to each
semi-annual payment by dividing the sum to which the
Board members are entitled by the average closing price of
the ABB share over a predefined 30-day period.


--- Page 28 ---

The compensation amounts per individual are listed in the table below:

Paid in 2012
November May
Board term 2012/2013 Board term 2011/2012

Settled in shares - : Settled in shares - Total
Settled number of : Settled number of compensation
Name/Function i in cash” shares received : in cash” shares received” paid 2012041)
: (CHF) : (CHF) i (CHF)

Hubertus von Grinberg :
Chairman of the Board - 23,298 - 22,685 | 4,200,000

ee : Fo Taceaseeennasnesnen 22168
Member of the Board 75,000 2,873 75,000 2,807 | 300,000

Louis R. Hughes®
Member of the Board and Chairman of the :

Finance, Audit and Compliance Committee 100,000 3,840 100,000 3,751 | 400,000
Hans Ulrich Marki i

Member of the Board and Chairman

of the Governance, Nomination :

and Compensation Committee - 10,649 - 10,364 = 400,000

Michel de Rosen”
Member of the Board 75,000 2,873 - 5,614 300,000
Michael Treschow” j

Member of the Board 75,000 2,922 75,000 2,843 300,000
Jacob Wallenberg®

Member of the Board 75,000 2,873 75,000 2,807 300,000
Ying Yeh”

Member of the Board 75,000 2,905 75,000 2,807 300,000
Totals ttC;C;73}Y Eee 475,000 52,233 400,000 53,678 3,500,000

" Represents gross amounts paid, prior to deductions for social security, withholding tax etc.

® Number of shares per Board member is calculated based on net amount due after deductions for social security, withholding tax ete.

© For the 2012-2013 Board term, all members elected to receive 50% of their gross compensation in the form of ABB shares, except for Hubertus von Grinberg
and Hans Ulrich Marki who elected to receive 100%

“ For the 2011-2012 Board term, all members elected to receive 50% of their gross compensation in the form of ABB shares, except for Hubertus von Grinberg,
Hans Ulrich Marki and Michel de Rosen who elected to receive 100%.

© In addition to the Board remuneration stated in the above table, the Company paid CHF 211,008 in 2012 in employee social security payments.

© Member of the Finance, Audit and Compliance Committee.

” Member of the Governance, Nomination and Compensation Committee.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Remuneration report 31


--- Page 29 ---

1.3 Board of Directors compensation
in 2012

Compensation for Board members is outlined in the table
below and has been unchanged since the 2007/2008 term of
office. Consistent with past practice, no loans or guarantees
were granted to Board members in 2012.

Board term
2012/2013 | 2011/2012
Function CHF CHF
Chairman of the Board 1,200,000 } 1,200,000
Member of the
Board and Committee chairman 400,000 400,000
Member of the Board 300,000 300,000

2. Executive Committee
remuneration

2.1 Governance and principles

The Board and GNCC have direct oversight of compensation
policy at ABB. The GNCC is responsible for developing the
general remuneration principles and practices of the ABB
Group and for recommending them to the full Board, which
takes the final decisions.

The Board and GNCC are actively involved in the con-
tinuous development of ABB’s executive remuneration system
to reflect a remuneration philosophy that is based on the
following principles:

- Market orientation - ABB conducts regular benchmarking
reviews to ensure compensation is at a level that will attract
and retain top talent.

— Performance - ABB ensures that performance drives all
compensation elements. Performance metrics include
financial objectives, individual performance and behavior,
as well as the share price performance.

- Shareholder value - ABB’s compensation elements focus
on rewarding the delivery of outstanding and sustainable
results without inappropriate risk taking.

— Retention - ABB grants a portion of its compensation
through long-term oriented elements to attract and
retain the key talent that ABB needs to drive its success
globally.

32 Remuneration report | ABB Annual Report 2012

The GNCC acts on behalf of the Board in regularly review-
ing the remuneration philosophy and structure, and in review-
ing and approving specific proposals on executive compen-
sation to ensure that they are consistent with the Group’s
compensation principles. In 2012, the GNCC hired Hostettler,
Kramarsch & Partner (hkp), an independent consultant
specializing in performance management and compensation,
to provide advice on remuneration. At the GNCC’s request,
the firm helped to redesign the Long-Term Incentive Plan de-
scribed in section 2.2 of this Remuneration report. Hkp has.
no other mandate with ABB.

All senior positions in ABB have been evaluated using a
consistent methodology developed by the Hay Group, whose
job evaluation system is used by more than 10,000 compa-
nies around the world. The Hay methodology goes beyond job
titles and company size in assessing positions. It considers
the Know-how required to do the job, the problem-solving com-
plexities involved, as well as the accountability for results and
the freedom to act to achieve results. This approach provides
a meaningful, transparent and consistent basis for comparing
remuneration levels at ABB with those of equivalent jobs
at other companies that have been evaluated using the same
criteria. The Board primarily uses Hay’s data from the Euro-
pean market to set EC compensation, which is targeted to be
above the median values for the market.

Every year, the Board reviews the CEO’s performance and
decides on any change in compensation. The CEO reviews
the performance of other members of the EC and makes rec-
ommendations to the GNCC on their individual remuneration.
The full Board takes the final decisions on compensation
for all EC members, none of whom participates in the delib-
erations on their remuneration.

Information on the meetings held by the GNCC in 2012 can
be found in section 5.4 of the Corporate governance report.

2.2 Components of EC compensation

Compensation elements and performance
considerations

The compensation of EC members currently consists of the
following elements: a base salary and benefits, a short-
term variable component dependent on annual Group perfor-
mance objectives, and a long-term variable component
designed to reward the creation of shareholder value and

an executive’s commitment to the company.


--- Page 30 ---

The main components of executive compensation are summarized in the following chart and described in detail below:

Base salary Cash Paid monthly
Competitive in respect to labor markets
Annual revisions, if any, partly based on performance

Short-term variable Cash Conditional annual payment

compensation Payout depends on performance in previous year against predefined Group objectives,
with a cap on the payout for over-performance

Long-term variable Cash and shares Performance component: Retention component:

compensation Conditional grant made annually Conditional grant made annually

(Long-Term Incentive Plan 2012) Payout is in cash and depends on ABB's Payout is in shares (70%) and cash (30%)
weighted cumulative earnings per share over and requires the executive to remain at ABB
a three-year period for a three-year period from grant

(Executives can elect to receive 100% in shares)

In addition, members of the EC are required to build up a appointment. These required shareholding amounts are
holding of ABB shares that is equivalent to a multiple of their reviewed annually, based on salary and expected share price
base salary, to ensure that their interests are aligned with developments.

those of shareholders. Since 2010, the requirement has been The chart below illustrates how performance consider-
five times base salary for the CEO and four times base salary _ ations are reflected in each component of executive remunera-
for the other members of the EC. New members of the EC tion.

should aim to reach these multiples within four years of their

Performance considerations in each component of remuneration

Performance period Year of award Performance period
or review

Year -3 Year -2 Year -1 Year Year +1 Year +2 Year +3

Individual Level of annual
performance base pay
and behavior

Corporate and W Level of short-

individual term variable

performance compensation
payout

LTIP Corporate and individual performance over Size of
prior three years retention
component

Performance Weighted cumulative earnings per share over
component next three years

ABB Annual Report 2012| Remuneration report 33


--- Page 31 ---

Annual base salary

The base salary for members of the EC is set with reference
to positions of equivalent responsibility outside ABB, as
determined using the Hay methodology described above. It
is reviewed annually principally on the basis of Hay’s annual
Top Executive Compensation in Europe survey. When con-
sidering changes in base salary, the executive’s performance
during the preceding year against individual objectives is
taken into account. Under its mandate with ABB, Hay also
conducts job evaluations.

Benefits

Members of the EC receive pension benefits, payable into the
Swiss ABB Pension Fund and ABB Supplementary Insurance
Plan (the regulations are available at www.abbvorsorge.ch).
The current level of pension benefits was set in 2006 on the
basis of results from a survey of pension conditions for Swiss-
based executives at Adecco, Ciba, Dow, Nestlé, Novartis,
Roche, Serono, Syngenta and Sulzer that ABB commissioned
from Towers Watson, a consultant. The survey was repeated
in 2010 and a new benchmarking exercise will be conducted
in 2013. Towers Watson also provides actuarial services to
ABB, and pension advisory services in connection with merg-
ers and acquisitions transactions.

The compensation of EC members also includes social
security contributions and other benefits, as outlined in the
table in section 2.4 of this Remuneration report. The Board
has decided to provide tax equalization for EC members
resident outside Switzerland to the extent that they are not
able to claim a tax credit in their country of residence for
income taxes they have paid in Switzerland.

Short-term variable compensation

Payment of the short-term variable component is conditional
on the fulfillment of predefined annual objectives that are
specific, quantifiable and challenging. Short-term variable
compensation for members of the EC and most other senior
managers throughout the company is based on Group
performance objectives. For some managers with regional or
country-level responsibilities, short-term variable compen-
sation is based on related objectives adapted to ABB’s goals
in these markets. The CEO recommends the Group perfor-
mance objectives to the GNCC, which may make or request
amendments before it submits a proposal to the Board.

The Board takes the final decision.

34 Remuneration report | ABB Annual Report 2012

The 2012 objectives, shown in the table below, were
Group-wide metrics that were aligned with the Group’s 2015
strategic targets that have been communicated to share-
holders.

Objective Weighting
Orders received 12.5%
Revenues 12.5%
Operational EBITDA® 25%
Ratio of operating cash flow to operational EBIT® 25%

Net Promoter Score (NPS)
Cost savings

10%

15%

“The financial objectives exclude the impact of currency fluctuations.

® See definition in Note 23 to ABB's Consolidated Financial Statements.

| Operating cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities, reversing
the impact of interest and taxes. Operational EBIT is defined as Operational EBITDA
before excluding depreciation and amortization

“NPS is a metric based on dividing customers into three categories: Promoters, Passives,
and Detractors. This is achieved by asking customers in a one-question survey whether

they would recommend ABB to a colleague. In 2012, ABB had a target to increase the
number of countries that have improved their NPS score.

The payout for fully achieving the predefined annual objec-
tives is equivalent to 150 percent of the base salary for

the CEO and 100 percent of the base salary for other mem-
bers of the EC. Underperformance results in a lower payout,
or none at all if performance is below a certain threshold.

If the objectives are exceeded, the Board has the discretion
to approve a payout that is up to 50 percent higher (repre-
senting up to 225 percent of the base salary for the CEO
and 150 percent of the base salary for other members of the
EC). For 2012, the Board exercised its discretion and awarded
a 10 percent higher payout, reflecting the company’s perfor-
mance against the objectives.


--- Page 32 ---

Long-term variable compensation

An important principle of executive compensation at ABB is
that it should encourage the creation of value for the com-
pany’s shareholders and enable EC members to participate
in the company’s success. The company’s Long-Term Incen-
tive Plan (LTIP) is the principal mechanism through which
members of the EC and certain other executives are encour-
aged to create value for shareholders. Awarded annually,
LTIPs comprise a performance component and a retention
component whose proportions in relation to the base salary
are explained below.

Performance component

The performance component of the plan is designed to
reward participants for increasing earnings per share® (EPS)
over a three-year period. EPS was adopted as the perfor-
mance measure in the performance component of the LTIP.
in 2012.

EPS replaces relative total shareholder return (TSR),
which was the performance measure used in previous LTIPs.
EPS growth (based on net income excluding acquisitions)
is one of the financial targets of ABB’s 2015 strategy and is
therefore better aligned with published goals than relative
TSR, which is the percentage change in ABB’s share price
plus dividends over a three-year period, compared with peers.

The payout of this part of the plan occurs after three
years, based on the Group’s weighted cumulative EPS perfor-
mance against predefined objectives. The weighted cumu-
lative EPS is calculated as 33 percent of EPS in the first year
plus 67 percent of EPS in the second year plus 100 percent
of EPS in the third year. There is no payout if the lower thresh-
old is not reached and payout is capped if performance
exceeds the upper threshold. The payout factors are shown
in the chart on the right.

At each launch, participants are allocated a reference
number of shares that is linked to a percentage of their base
salary. In 2012, the percentages were 100 percent for the
CEO and 42 percent for the other members of the EC. The
payout at the end of the three-year period, if any, will be
made in cash.

Under the terms and conditions of the plan, the GNCC
decides whether EC members who leave the company before
the end of the three-year period forfeit the unvested award,
or receive all or a position of such awards.

© Earnings per share is defined in the terms of the LTIP as diluted earnings per share
attributable to ABB shareholders calculated using income from continuing operations, net
of tax, unless the Board decides to calculate using net income for a particular year.

Payout % of performance

component
200%
100%
Weighted
cumulative
earnings
0% Lower On target Upper per share
° threshold threshold
(no payout) (maximum
payout)

ABB Annual Report 2012| Remuneration report 35


--- Page 33 ---

Historical payout of performance component

2006

2007 2008 2009

LTIP 2006 > No payout

LTIP 2007

LTIP 2008

LTIP 2009

Historical payout of performance component

Of the LTIPs launched since 2006 that have also vested, the
only one whose performance component has paid out is the
2007 launch, under which participants, upon vesting, were
entitled to receive 92 percent of the performance shares that
they had been conditionally granted (see chart above).

Retention component

The second component of the LTIP is designed to retain
executives at ABB. Members of the EC are conditionally
granted shares, which are awarded after three further
years of service to the company.

The reference grant size for the CEO is equivalent to
100 percent of base salary. The other EC members receive
a grant from a pool whose reference size is equivalent to
65 percent of their combined base salaries. The CEO recom-
mends to the Board how to allocate shares from this pool
to each individual EC member, based on an assessment of
their individual performance in the previous calendar year,
and the Board takes the final decision.

Starting with the 2012 LTIP, the reference grant size
for the CEO and the pool for the other EC members for any
particular launch can each be increased or decreased by
the Board by up to 25 percent, based on an assessment of
ABB's performance over the three years preceding the
launch of the plan. The assessment considers ABB’s perfor-
mance against its peers according to financial metrics
and non-financial measures related to customer satisfaction,
integrity, and health and safety.

36 Remuneration report | ABB Annual Report 2012

2010 2011 2012 2013
92% of
shares granted
> No payout
> No payout

Following its assessment of ABB’s performance in the
period 2009-2011, the Board increased the size of the
retention component in the 2012 LTIP by 20 percent for the
CEO and by 10 percent in aggregate for the rest of the EC.

EC members receive 70 percent of the payout in shares
and the remainder in cash, unless they elect to receive
100 percent in shares.

Under the terms and conditions of the plan, the GNCC
decides whether EC members who leave the company before
the end of the three-year period forfeit the unvested award,
or receive all or a portion of such awards.

Severance provisions

Employment contracts for EC members contain notice
periods of 12 months, during which they are entitled to com-
pensation comprising their base salary, benefits and short-
term variable compensation. The Board has decided that,
starting January 1, 2013, contracts for new members of the
EC will no longer include a provision extending compensation
for up to 12 additional months if their employment is termi-
nated by ABB and if they do not find alternative employment
within the notice period that pays at least 70 percent of
their compensation.


--- Page 34 ---

2.3 Acquisition Integration
Execution Plan

In the past three years, ABB has invested more than $10 bil-
lion in connection with acquisitions as part of its strategy to
grow the business profitably and create value for ABB share-
holders. The focus has been on companies that fill geo-
graphic, end-market or product gaps.

Strict financial criteria are applied to the investments, and
the financial objectives are expected to be achieved through
a combination of cost and growth synergies. Delivering these
synergies depends on the successful integration of the new
businesses with those of ABB.

To this end, the Board has established a one-time
Acquisition Integration Execution Plan (AIEP) whose goal is to
maximize the return on the recent acquisitions of Baldor,
Thomas & Betts and Ventyx, and to foster the collaborative
behavior required to make the benefits sustainable.

The plan has two parts. The first is intended to reward
the achievement of predefined objectives for 2013 related to
revenues, operational EBITDA, and customer and employee
retention and development, at each of the three acquisitions.
Each business accounts for one-third of the first part of the
plan. The second part is intended to accelerate collaboration
between ABB's business, technical, functional and local
experts, a step which the Board considers vital not only to
integrating the acquisitions but also to providing customers.
with the kind of service and experience that will enable the
company to meet the ambitious goals of its 2015 strategy.

The plan was launched in the fourth quarter of 2012 for
members of the EC who are expected to be in their positions
throughout 2013, excluding the CEO who will participate in
the assessment of participants. In addition, Michel Demaré,
whose departure from ABB was announced in October 2012,
and Eric Elzvik, who joined the EC in February 2013, are not
participants in the plan.

The plan consists of conditionally granted shares (capped
at a maximum of 768,286 shares). The payout, if any, will
occur in 2014 and will be made in shares (70 percent) and
cash (30 percent), although participants can elect to receive
100 percent in shares.

2.4 EC compensation in 2012

ABB discloses the compensation elements for each member
of the EC, going beyond the requirements of the Swiss Code
of Obligations.

The table in this section provides an overview of the total
compensation of members of the EC in 2012, comprising
cash compensation and the estimated value of the conditional
grants awarded under the AIEP and under the three-year
LTIP launched in 2012. Cash compensation includes the base
salary, the short-term variable compensation for 2012 and
pension benefits, as well as the amounts paid by the company
to cover other benefits comprising mainly social security
contributions. The performance components of LTIPs and the
AIEP are valued at grant using the ABB share price and
Monte Carlo modeling, an accepted simulation method under
U.S. GAAP (the accounting standard used by ABB). The
compensation is shown gross (before deduction of employee’s
social security and pension contributions).

The base salary and benefits are fixed elements of the
annual compensation packages, while the other compo-
nents are variable. In 2012, fixed compensation represented
27 percent of the CEO’s remuneration and an average of
34 percent for the other EC members. The ratio of fixed to
variable components in any given year will depend on the
performance of the individuals and of the company against
predefined Group performance objectives.

The total of base salary and benefits, short-term variable
compensation and LTIP awards was 42.5 million Swiss francs
in 2012 compared with 37.8 million Swiss francs in 2011
for individuals who were members of the EC at the end of
the respective year. This change reflects the addition of
one member to the EC as well as the higher award level under
the 2012 LTIP. The conditional award in 2012 under the one-
time AIEP resulted in an additional 8.4 million Swiss francs,
bringing their total compensation to 50.9 million Swiss francs
in 2012.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Remuneration report 37


--- Page 35 ---

3 Be
os o52
os Lag
fo Sous
Bs 2
238 o2s
2 Zen Zee
a oss oa
Se 2 g 258 o>u
65 3 2 Sage sac
> -s 5 5 S$Pe ste
i Es a fo a gs oss
3 52 c s 23a 3 25%
o ao 8 BaF £ wae
Z3 2 ra € 8 € _
° £ 7 5 oa a2 36 a3
a ge § s Reo 52 %Bo aed
= ra 5
Name a a8 a fe} ges Ra was ae
(CHF) (CHF) (CHF) (CHF)

"971,450
“805,002 885,500 286,938 172,054 851,003
Ulrich Spiesshofer 865,673 962,500 235,680 je4948 1,363,655
Di ~ 880,000 273,583 “899,193

"896,656
974,623
891,085

Gary Steel

Diane de Saint Victor

Bernhard Jucker "950,004 1,045,000. -280,872 179,220 1,067,784 3,522,380 1,058,174 4,580,554
Veli-Matti Reinikkala. 770,006 847,000 263,892 145,236 865,483 2,801,617 «867,673. 3,749,291
Brice Koch 816,669 913,000 284,425 212,479 1,099,345 3,275,918 924,511 4,200,429
TarakMehta 718,837 -803,000.——-222,181 369,734 820,512 2,934,264 813,119 3,747,383
a a
Greg Scheu (joined on

May 1, 2012) 450,002 495,000 161,816 42,727 713,574 1,863,119 751,851 2,614,970
a

ABB on May 7, 2012) 456,523 500,914 197,742 401,148 740,017 2,286,844 389,860 2,626,204

Total Executive
Committee members
as of Dec. 31,2012 10,476,690 12,665,693 2,966,326 3,041,294 13,356,214 42,506,217 8,392,955 50,899,172

Peter Leupp

(retired from the EC on

March 1, 2012)® 496,694 291,960 167,900 206,794 - 1,163,348 - 4,163,348
Total former Executive

Committee members
as of Dec. 31, 2012 496,694 291,960 167,900 206,794 - 1,163,348 - 1,163,348

Total 10,973,384 12,957,653 3,134,226 «3,248,088 13,356,214 43,669,565 «8,392,955 52,062,520

The table above shows accruals related to the short-term variable compensation for the year 2012 for all Executive Committee members, except for Peter Leupp, who received in July
2012 a pro-rata short-term variable compensation payment covering the period of his service as an EC member. For all other Executive Committee members, the short-term variable com-
pensation will be paid in 2013, after the publication of the financial results. In March 2012, the current and former Executive Committee members received the 2011 short-term variable
compensation payments totaling CHF 12,102,149. Short-term variable compensation is linked to the objectives defined in the ABB Group's scorecard. Upon full achievement of these
objectives, the short-term variable compensation of the CEO corresponds to 150 percent of his base salary, while for all other Executive Committee members it represents 100 percent
of their respective base salary. The Board has the discretion to approve a payout that is up to 50 percent higher (representing up to 225 percent of the base salary for the CEO and
150 percent of the base salary for other members of the Executive Committee), if the objectives are exceeded. For 2012, the Board exercised its discretion and awarded a 10 percent
higher payout, reflecting the Company's performance against the objectives.
® Other benefits comprise payments related to social security, health insurance, children’s education, transportation, tax advice and certain other items.
©The estimated value of the share-based awards is subject to performance and other parameters (e. g. earnings per share) and may therefore vary in value from the above numbers
at the date of vesting, January 3, 2014 (AIEP) and May 31, 2015 (LTI Plan). The above amounts have been calculated using the market value of the ABB share on the day of grant and,
in the case of the AIEP and the performance component of the LTI Plan, the Monte Carlo simulation model.
“ Frank Duggan received 20 percent of his base salary in AED and 80 percent in EUR at a fixed AED/EUR exchange rate for the period January to December 2012. All AED payments were
converted into Swiss franes at a rate of 0.2491288 per AED.
©The above compensation figures for Peter Leupp include contractual payments for the period March 1, 2012 to July 31, 2012, but exclude payments to him, after his retirement from
the Executive Committee, in his capacity as director of ABB in China and of ABB Limited, India.

38 Remuneration report | ABB Annual Report 2012


--- Page 36 ---

Details of the share-based compensation granted to members
of the EC during 2012 are provided in a table of their share-
holdings in section 6.2 below. Consistent with past practice,
no loans or guarantees were granted to members of the

EC in 2012.

Members of the EC are eligible to participate in the Em-
ployee Share Acquisition Plan (ESAP), a savings plan based
on stock options, which is open to employees around the
world. In addition to the above awards, seven members of the
EC participated in the ninth annual launch of the plan. EC
members who participated in that launch are each entitled
to acquire up to 580 ABB shares, except for one who is
entitled to acquire up to 570 shares, at 17.08 Swiss francs per
share, the market share price at the start of that launch.

Members of the EC cannot participate in the Management
Incentive Plan (MIP). Any MIP instruments held by EC mem-
bers (and disclosed in section 6.2 of this Remuneration report)
were awarded to them as part of the compensation they
received in earlier roles that they held in ABB.

For a more detailed description of ESAP and MIP, please
refer to Note 18 to ABB’s Consolidated Financial Statements
contained in the Financial review section of this Annual Report.

3. Additional fees and
remuneration

In 2012, ABB did not pay any fees or remuneration to the
members of the Board or the EC for services rendered to
ABB other than those disclosed above. Except as disclosed
in section 7 of the Corporate governance report, ABB did

not pay any additional fees or remuneration in 2012 to persons
closely linked to a member of the Board or the EC for ser-
vices rendered to ABB.

4. Compensation
to former members of
the Board and EC

Except as disclosed in this Remuneration report, ABB
did not make any payments in 2012 to a former member
of the Board or the EC in connection with such role.

5. Change of control
provisions

Following the spirit of ABB’s remuneration philosophy, none
of ABB’s Board members, EC members or members of
senior management receives “golden parachutes” or other
special benefits in the event of a change of control.

6. ABB shareholdings
of members of
the Board and EC

As of December 31, 2012, the members of our Board and EC.
owned less than 1 percent of ABB’s total shares outstanding.

6.1 Board ownership of ABB shares
and options

The table below shows the number of ABB shares held by
each Board member:

Total number of shares held

Name Dec. 31,2012] Dec. 31, 2011
Hubertus von Grinberg 173,370 127,387
Roger Agnelli 160,672 154,992
Louis R. Hughes 63,928 56,337
Hans Ulrich Marki 410,192 389,179
Michel de Rosen 128,595 120,108
Michael Treschow 97,506 91,741
Jacob Wallenberg!” 174,882 169,202
Ying Yeh 8,909 3,197
Total 1,218,054 1,112,143

Share amounts provided in this section do not include the shares beneficially owned

by Investor AB, of which Mr. Wallenberg is chairman.

Except as described in this section, no member of the Board
and no person closely linked to a member of the Board held
any shares of ABB or options in ABB shares.

ABB Annual Report 2012| Remuneration report 39


--- Page 37 ---

6.2 EC ownership of ABB shares
and options

As of December 31, 2012, EC members held ABB shares
(or ADSs representing such shares), the conditional rights to
receive shares under the LTIP, options (either vested or
unvested as indicated) under the MIP and unvested shares
in respect of other incentive arrangements, as shown in

the table below:

Unvested at December 31, 2012

D g g o

2 2 8 8 2 E g 2 Be

s S S ow oy oy z £2o

é  & 8 8 pe 33 33 & 52

2 2: 32 ga 28 ($3 (£3 < 85

2 2S a 2S 856 956 255 5 25

3° Bo > So 20a eva eva a Soa

ra 32 2 22 SS S§Es SF Es £2

5 $s 5 55 $362 §362 §26¢% y oS

2 et = => 808§ 6085 8o8§ E =?

£ os ° 6S ¢€5cp §5cen §5en = o8

3 52 5 se 285% Saest Yeot ° 53

© as 2 B85 €o2F EFF ERGEE 2 $2

3g es € Ev 2252 e254 g252 ° Eo

S 30 S S50 Doge Bog2 Boge 2 Ea

Name e ze z z2 e328 ests «des s Ze
(vesting (vesting (vesting (vesting (vesting (vesting (vesting

2013) 2014) 2013) 2014) 2015) 2014) 2013)

Joe Hogan 255,046 - - - 87,841 99,371 148,249 - 189,682

Michel Demaré"
Gary Steel

“ 397,772
"919,365

. 164,191 -
~ 479,189 -
Bernhard Jucker 434118
Veli-Matti Reinikkala—~—*122,763
Brice Koch 30,424 = - - 21,036
Tarak Mehta ’ :
Frank Duggan

Ulrich Spiesshofer

Diane de Saint Victor

Greg Scheu
(joined on May 1, 2012) 32 544,920. 201,250 221,875 - - 29,664 56,008 -

Prith Banerjee (joined

ABB on May 7, 2012) - - - - - - 30,763 29,042

Total Executive
Committee members as
of December 31, 2012 1,534,474 1,367,700 | 201,250 221,375 293,739 339,996 554,810 625,220 189,682

© Options may be sold or exercised/converted into shares at the ratio of 5 options for 1 share.

2'The LTI Plan foresees to deliver 30 percent of the value of the vested retention shares in cash, but participants have the possibility to elect to receive 100 percent
of the vested award in shares.

©The AIEP foresees to deliver 30 percent of the value of the vested shares in cash, but participants have the possibility to elect to receive 100 percent of the vested award in shares.
‘The actual number of shares to be delivered could be increased up to a total maximum amount of 768,286 shares.

Total number of shares held includes 4,500 shares held jointly with spouse

40 Remuneration report | ABB Annual Report 2012


--- Page 38 ---

Furthermore, at December 31, 2012, the following members
of the EC held conditionally granted ABB shares under
the performance component of the LTIP 2012, 2011 and
2010, which at the time of vesting will be settled in cash.

Except as described in this section, at December 31, 2012,
no member of the EC and no person closely linked to a
member of the EC held any shares of ABB or options in ABB
shares. For comparative information about share and
option ownership of EC members in 2011, see Note 12 to
the ABB Ltd statutory financial statements.

Maximum number of conditionally
granted shares under the

performance component of the

Name 2010 launch of LTI Plan
(vesting 2013)

Maximum number of conditionally

granted shares under the Reference number of shares
performance component of the
2011 launch of LTI Plan

(vesting 2014)

under the performance component
of the 2012 launch of LTI Plan
(vesting 2015)

Gary Steel
Ulrich Spiesshofer

Diane de Saint Victor

Bernhard Jucker

Greg Scheu

(joined on May 1, 2012) - - 17,425
Prith Banerjee

(joined ABB on May 7, 2012) - - 18,071
Total Executive Committee

members as of Dec. 31, 2012 193,126 202,695 326,576

ABB Annual Report 2012| Remuneration report 41
