

--- Page 1 ---

Letter from the Chairman

Ladies and Gentlemen,

Our vision is to be the number one in skin care in our markets and categories. Our strategic compass is our
Blue Agenda. Introduced in 2012, it defines the course we are adopting to face the challenges of tomorrow
and with which we intend to reach our goals. This strategic program is focused on strengthening our brands
- first and foremost NIVEA - increasing our innovative power, expanding our presence in the emerging mar-
kets, and on our dedicated employees.

We have already successfully implemented the first projects. For example, we have refocused NIVEA, our
strongest brand, on its core values, gaining clarity and leveraging new potential for it. A systematic, clear ap-
proach is our path to increasing our market share. We also want to continue growing Eucerin and La Prairie in
their respective segments.

tesa makes the most of its competitive advantages on the international markets for self-adhesive products and
solutions with its technologically superior, market-driven products. We have high hopes for our new Health Mar-
kets business area comprising pharmaceutical plasters and films.

The numbers show that Beiersdorf made progress on its Blue Agenda journey in 2012: organic Group sales
rose by 4.7%. In nominal terms, sales rose by 7.2% to €6,040 million and the operating result (EBIT, excluding
special factors) rose by 13.8% to €735 million. The return on sales after tax was 7.5%.

Beiersdorf is picking up speed again. However - and | would like to make this very clear - we are only at the
beginning of our journey. Our Blue Agenda has a time horizon of three to five years. We want to get even bet-
ter, step by step, and to continue the company’s progress sustainably and for the long term

On behalf of the entire Executive Board, | would like to extend my thanks to all our employees for their dedi-
cation. And | would like to invite our business partners, shareholders, and friends of the company to accom-
pany Beiersdorf on its Blue Agenda journey.

Sincerely,

STEFAN F. HEIDENREICH
Chairman of the Executive Board


--- Page 2 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / To Our Shareholders / Letter from the Chairman

Beiersdorf’s Shares and Investor Relations

Beiersdorf's Shares and
nvestor Relations

Beiersdorf’s shares performed very positively in 2012, climbing consistently
after a slight decline at the start of the year. While the euro and sovereign debt
crisis had an increasingly negative impact on the capital markets, our shares
remained stable. The strategic realignment of our corporate structures and pro-
cesses showed the first fruits of success at an operational level in the second
half of the year, giving our shares an additional boost in a positive market envi-
ronment. On December 12, 2012, Beiersdorf’s shares recorded their highest clos-
ing price to date: €62.50.

In the first quarter of the year, Beiersdorf’s share price largely increased, al-
though the gains seen were below those for the DAX as a whole in this period.
The German benchmark index benefited in particular from a strong recovery by
automotive and financial stocks. The main focus of communication with capital
market participants in this period was on the details of Beiersdorf’s restructur-
ing measures, following the completion of the category and product pruning
performed as part of the company’s focus on skin care in the previous year.

The German equity markets were unable to match the positive performance
seen in the first three months of the year in the second quarter. Sentiment on
the international financial markets deteriorated due to concern about the stabil-
ity of the euro. The DAX shed almost 10% of its value in the period from April to
June. By contrast, Beiersdorf’s shares consolidated their position. According to
market observers, this was due to expectations of a decisive implementation of
the Blue Agenda. The consistent focus on Beiersdorf’s core competencies and
greater closeness to our markets are key components of this initiative. These
strategic goals and their implementation were the main focus of discussions
with investors at several international conferences and at the company’s Ham-
burg headquarters.

Measures by the European Central Bank and EU heads of state and finance min-
isters to support the market led to a clear rally on the European stock markets
in the third quarter of the year. Beiersdorf’s shares also continued to see signif-
icant gains. According to capital market participants, this positive performance
was largely attributable to the communication by the Executive Board on the
occasion of the announcement of the results for the first six months of 2012
on August 2. In the following months, the company’s strategic direction was ex-
plained intensively in numerous meetings with international investors.

In the final three months of 2012, Beiersdorf’s shares continued the positive
trend seen in the previous quarter. The capital market focus on the occasion of
the publication of the results for the first nine months was primarily on the in-
crease in the outlook for full-year 2012 and the progress made in implementing
the new strategy. In December, Beiersdorf’s Executive Board again lifted its full-
year sales forecasts for the Consumer Business Segment due to the systematic,
rapid implementation of key strategic milestones and the resulting extremely
healthy sales trend. In turn, this led to considerable price gains towards the end
of the period under review. In a full-year comparison, our shares again signifi-
cantly outperformed the DAX index and the majority of other stocks in the
Household and Personal Care (HPC) sector, ending the year up more than 40%
at €61.88.

For more information on Beiersdorf’s shares please visit
WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/SHARES

For more information on Investor Relations please visit
WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/IR

KEY FIGURES - SHARES.

2011 2012
Earnings per share € 1.10 1.95
Market capitalization as of Dec. 31 € million 11,043 15,594
Closing price as of Dec. 31 € 43.82 61.88
High for the year € 46.05 62.50
Low for the year € 39.35 42.85



--- Page 3 ---

101 BEIERSDORF’S SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE 2012
Jan, 1-Dec. 31/relative change in %

150

140

130

120

110

100

90

80

70

JAN

Ql
€48.93

Closing price

FEB MAR APR

Q2 Q3
€5115 €5710
Closing price Closing price
May JUN JUL AUG sep oct

“A Beiersdorf

a4
E6186

Closing price

Nov DEC

1.02 BASIC SHARE DATA

Company name

Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft

1.03 SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE (IN %)
As of Dec. 31, 2012

WKN

520000

ISIN

DE 0005200000

Stock trading venues

Official Market:
Frankfurt/Main and Hamburg

Open Market:
Berlin, Diisseldorf, Hanover,
Munich, and Stuttgart

Number of shares

252,000,000

Share capital in €

252,000,000

Class

No-par-value bearer shares

Market segment/Index

Prime Standard/DAX

Stock exchange symbol BEI
Reuters BEIG.DE
Bloomberg BEIGR

Beiersdorf AG (own shares)
9.99

Free float

39.54

maxingvest group
50.47



--- Page 4 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / To Our Shareholders / Beiersdorf's Shares and Investor Relations 7

Report by the Supervisory Board

Report by the Supervisory
Board

The Supervisory Board advised and supervised the Executive Board, who pro-
vided comprehensive written and oral reports on the company’s accounting and
management, and in particular on the planning and development of the busi-
ness, on risk management, as well as on the company’s position and the busi-
ness outlook. The full Supervisory Board and its committees discussed material
business transactions in detail. In the periods between meetings, the Executive
Board reported to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board in particular.

The Supervisory Board’s Work

Six regular and two extraordinary Supervisory Board meetings were held. Items
regularly covered were current business developments, including the interim
financial statements and significant individual transactions. We granted the
necessary approvals after careful examination. No Supervisory Board members
were present at less than half of the meetings held. Members of the Supervisory
Board attended two company training events on internal auditing and risk man-
agement. There were no indications of potential conflicts of interest relating to
Executive Board and Supervisory Board members.

On February 6, 2012, we determined the extent to which the Executive Board
met its targets in 2011 and confirmed the annual bonus targets for 2012. In addi-
tion, we also addressed the preliminary results and annual financial statements,
and tesa SE's location investment project.

On February 23, 2012, we adopted the 2011 annual financial statements and con-
solidated financial statements, resolved the Report by the Supervisory Board
and the Corporate Governance Report, including the Remuneration Report, and
endorsed the agenda and the motions proposed for the 2012 Annual General
Meeting. We approved the construction of a new production facility in Mexico
and the extension of a logistics services agreement.

We held two meetings on April 26, 2012, and prepared the Annual General Meet-
ing that followed the first of them. After the Annual General Meeting, we dis-
cussed the implementation status of the Executive Board’s projects. We elect-
ed Dr. Dr. Christine Martel, who had been elected to the Supervisory Board at
the Annual General Meeting, to the Nomination Committee. In addition, we
elected Dr. Andreas Albrod, who was to join the Supervisory Board as a replace-
ment employee representative, to the Audit and Finance Committee as of
August 1, 2012.

In the extraordinary meeting on June 11, 2012, we accepted Mr. Umit Subasi’s
resignation from his Executive Board contract as of July 31, 2012. At the same
time, we renewed Mr. Ralph Gusko’s appointment. We also addressed the remu-
neration of the Executive Board and the company’s master real estate planning.

On September 7, 2012, we looked at the company’s strategy, the implementation
status of projects, an analysis of shareholder value, and the remuneration of the
Executive Board. We approved the investment in the new tesa location and the
acquisition of the shares in the Turkish affiliate previously held by a third party.

In the extraordinary meeting on October 25, 2012, we renewed Dr. Ulrich
Schmidt's appointment as a member of the Executive Board and amended the
Executive Board’s schedule of responsibilities.

On December 12, 2012, we approved the company’s annual planning for 2013 and
the Executive Board members’ annual bonus targets for 2013. We addressed
the Executive Board’s strategy, adapted the Supervisory Board’s objectives for
its composition to comply with the revised version of the German Corporate
Governance Code, and resolved the declaration of compliance with the recom-
mendations of the Code.

At the beginning of February 2013, we resolved the extent to which the Execu-
tive Board had achieved its targets in, and its total remuneration for, 2012.

Committee Work

Five committees prepared the work to be done by the Supervisory Board and
passed resolutions in its stead in individual cases. The chairs of the committees
reported to the Supervisory Board on the work performed in the committees in
detail. The Presiding Committee held five meetings in which it addressed busi-
ness developments and the company’s strategic focus, the remuneration of the
Executive Board and Supervisory Board, and the composition of the Executive
Board.

The Audit Committee met seven times. In particular, it performed the prelimi-
nary examination of the annual and quarterly financial statements and manage-
ment reports, verified the independence of, and appointed, the auditors, and
addressed the areas of emphasis for the 2012 audit. The Committee regularly
discussed business developments and potential risks as well as special issues.
The Finance Committee met four times. It addressed topics relating to internal
audits, risk and compliance management, various tax issues, transfer prices,
and the investment strategy.

The Nomination Committee met once and addressed the election of members
of the Supervisory Board by the 2012 Annual General Meeting. The Mediation
Committee did not meet.


--- Page 5 ---

Annual Financial Statements and Audit

The auditors audited the annual financial statements and the consolidated finan-
cial statements for 2012, as well as the management reports for Beiersdorf AG
and the Group, and issued unqualified audit opinions for them. The auditors is-
sued an unqualified audit opinion on the Executive Board's report on dealings
among Group companies required by § 312 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corpo-
ration Act, AktG) due to the majority interest held by maxingvest ag, Hamburg:
“Following the completion of our audit, which was carried out in accordance
with professional standards, we confirm: 1. that the information contained in this
report is correct; 2. that the compensation paid by the company with respect to
the transactions listed in the report was not inappropriately high; and 3. that
there are no circumstances which would justify, in relation to the measures
specified in the report, a materially different opinion than that held by the Exec-
utive Board.”

The Supervisory Board members received the 2012 annual financial statements
and the management reports of the AG and the Group, the report on dealings
among Group companies, and the auditors’ reports immediately after their
preparation. The auditors reported on the key findings of their audit to the Au-
dit Committee and to the full Supervisory Board. Our examination of the annu-
al financial statements and consolidated financial statements, the management
reports for Beiersdorf AG and the Group, the report on dealings among Group
companies including the concluding declaration by the Executive Board, and
the auditors’ reports did not raise any objections. We concurred with the audi-
tors’ findings and approved the annual financial statements of Beiersdorf AG
and the consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31,
2012. The annual financial statements of Beiersdorf AG are thus adopted. We en-
dorsed the Executive Board's proposal on the appropriation of net profit.

Changes and Thanks

The Annual General Meeting elected Dr. Dr. Christine Martel and Mr. Thomas-B.
Quaas to the company’s Supervisory Board. This meant that Mr. Michel Perrau-
din, who had been appointed by the court, and alternate member Ms. Beatrice
Dreyfus, who had been appointed as a replacement, left the Supervisory Board.
Mr. Quaas resigned as Chairman of the Executive Board as of the end of the
Annual General Meeting; we would like to thank him for his decades of success-
ful work for Beiersdorf. We would like to thank Mr. Subasi for his contribution
to the Emerging Markets function. Our thanks also go to Ms. Dreyfus and
Mr. Perraudin for their constructive work on the Supervisory Board. We wish all
former governing body members all the best for the future.

We would like to thank the company’s employees, the employee representa-
tives, and the Executive Board for their successful work. Thanks to this, the
company is well positioned to master the challenges facing it in 2013. Finally, we
would like to thank our shareholders, our business partners, and in particular
our consumers for their continued trust in us.

Hamburg, February 21, 2013
For the Supervisory Board

[lecwlerd elute

REINHARD POLLATH
Chairman


--- Page 6 ---

2.
CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE



--- Page 7 ---

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Report 2012

Corporate governance - good corporate management and supervision - has al-
ways been a high priority at Beiersdorf. Close, efficient cooperation between
the Executive and Supervisory Boards, a focus on shareholder interests, open
corporate communication, proper accounting and auditing, compliance with
statutory provisions and corporate guidelines, and responsible risk manage-
ment are the basis of the company’s success in this area.

Beiersdorf welcomes the German Corporate Governance Code (the Code). This
ensures transparency with respect to the legal framework for corporate man-
agement and supervision at German listed companies and contains accepted
standards for good, responsible corporate management.

The Code and its amendments did not necessitate any fundamental changes at
Beiersdorf. However, we consider corporate governance to be an ongoing pro-
cess and will continue to track developments carefully.

Declaration of Compliance

In April 2012, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board updated the Declara-
tion of Compliance issued for fiscal year 2011 and at the end of December 2012
they issued the Declaration of Compliance with the recommendations of the
Code for fiscal year 2012 in accordance with § 161 Aktiengesetz (German Stock
Corporation Act, AktG). Beiersdorf AG fulfilled all the recommendations made
in the Code with one exception in the period up to the end of the Annual Gener-
al Meeting on April 26, 2012, as well as a large number of the suggestions. Since
the end of the 2012 Annual General Meeting, Beiersdorf AG has fulfilled all the
recommendations made in the Code and a large number of the suggestions.

The 2012 Declaration of Compliance was also made permanently accessible to
the public on the company’s website at
WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/DECLARATION_OF_COMPLIANCE.

2010, and May 15, 2012, respectively.

Hamburg, December 2012
For the Supervisory Board

[lec lerd [pti

PROF. DR. REINHARD POLLATH

Chairman of the Supervisory Board

Declaration by the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft on the Recommendations of
the “Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code” in accordance with § 161 AktG

In fiscal year 2012, Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft complied until the end of the Annual General Meeting on April 26, 2012, with all
recommendations of the “Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code” in the version dated May 26, 2010,
with the exception that was mentioned and explained in the updated Declaration of Compliance for fiscal year 2011 dated April 2012
(deviation from section 4.2.3 (4) on the severance payment cap in the employment contract for an Executive Board member).

Since the end of the Annual General Meeting on April 26, 2012, Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft has complied and continues to comply
with all recommendations of the “Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code” in the versions dated May 26,

For the Executive Board

Jk Ea

STEFAN F. HEIDENREICH
Chairman of the Executive Board

A. lu, “ae
DR. ULRICH SCHMIDT
Member of the Executive Board



--- Page 8 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Corporate Governance / Corporate Governance Report 2012

General Information on Beiersdorf’s

Management Structure

As an international stock corporation domiciled in Hamburg, Germany, Beiers-
dorf AG is governed by the provisions of German stock corporation, capital mar-
ket, and codetermination law, among other things, as well as by its Articles of
Association. The company has a dual management and supervisory structure
consisting of two bodies, the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board, as is
customary in Germany. The Annual General Meeting acts as the decision-
making body for shareholders and is responsible for taking fundamental deci-
sions by the company. These three bodies are all dedicated in equal measure to
the interests of the shareholders and the good of the company.

1. THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

a) General

Beiersdorf AG’s Supervisory Board consists of twelve members. Six of these
members are elected by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the
provisions of the Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG) and six by
the employees in accordance with the provisions of the Mitbestimmungsgesetz
(German Co-Determination Act, MitbestG); all members are elected for a period
of five years. The term of office of the Supervisory Board members ends at
the end of the 2014 Annual General Meeting. The term of office of one court-
appointed member and one alternate member ended at the end of the 2012 Or-
dinary Annual General Meeting.

The Supervisory Board appoints the Executive Board, advises it on the manage-
ment of the company, and supervises its conduct of the company’s business as
laid down by the law, the Articles of Association, and the bylaws. The Super-
visory Board works closely with the Executive Board for the good of the compa-
ny and with the common goal of achieving sustainable value added, and is
involved in decisions of fundamental importance. Certain decisions require its
approval in accordance with the law and the bylaws of the Supervisory Board.

The Supervisory Board makes decisions at regular meetings - and in individual
cases outside meetings - on the basis of detailed documents. It is informed by
the Executive Board in a regular, timely, and comprehensive manner about all
relevant matters. The Executive Board's reporting obligations to the Super-
visory Board are set out in detail in the bylaws for the Executive Board. In addi-
tion, the Chairman of the Executive Board informs the Chairman of the Super-
visory Board regularly and in a timely manner about important transactions and
liaises with him on important decisions.

The Supervisory Board evaluates its work on a regular basis. The results are dis-
cussed by the full Board and any measures for improvement resolved. The most
recent Supervisory Board efficiency review was performed in fall 2010 with the
aid of external consultants.

The members of the Supervisory Board are responsible for attending the neces-
sary training and further education measures required for their tasks. The com-
pany provides them with appropriate support in this area, such as by organizing
internal training events on topics that are of relevance to Supervisory Board
work.

The company has also taken out a D&O insurance policy for the members of the
Supervisory Board. This includes a deductible corresponding to the statutory
requirements for Executive Board member deductibles. The deductible
amounts to 10% of any damage incurred, up to one-and-a-half times the fixed
annual remuneration of the respective Supervisory Board member.

b) Specification and Achievement of Objectives

The Supervisory Board again resolved concrete objectives for its composition in
fiscal year 2012, taking into account the company’s specific situation. These
reflect the company’s international activities, potential conflicts of interest, the
number of independent Supervisory Board members, the specification of an
age limit for Supervisory Board members, diversity, and above all an appropri-
ate degree of female representation. These concrete objectives are to be com-
plied with and implemented initially in the period up to the end of fiscal year
2014. They will also be taken into account by the Nomination Committee when
proposing candidates for the Supervisory Board. In addition, the composition of
the Supervisory Board must always ensure that its members as a group possess
the knowledge, ability, and specialist experience required to perform its tasks
properly.

International Focus

All members of the Supervisory Board must be open to the company’s interna-
tional orientation. At least two members should embody this in concrete terms
and should therefore have particular international experience gained due to
their activities abroad or their background, for example. At least one member
with such international experience should be a shareholder representative.
Efforts will be made to further increase the Supervisory Board’s international
orientation.

Appropriate Degree of Female Representation

Diversity of composition requires an appropriate degree of female participation
in the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board therefore aims to further in-
crease the number and position of women on the Supervisory Board and at the
least to maintain the number of women (four) represented on it at the time the
new resolution on the concrete objectives for the composition of the Super-
visory Board was adopted in fiscal year 2012. At least two women should be
shareholder representatives. The aim is to regularly increase the number of
women on the Supervisory Board in the company’s interests when changes are
made to the Supervisory Board.

Age Limit
The Supervisory Board has stipulated in its bylaws that Supervisory Board
members should not be more than 72 years old.

Independent Focus

The Supervisory Board should include what it considers to be an appropriate
number of independent members. A Supervisory Board member is not con-
sidered to be independent in particular if he/she has personal or business rela-
tions with the company, its governing bodies, a controlling shareholder, or an
enterprise associated with the latter which may cause a substantial and not
merely temporary conflict of interests. The Supervisory Board considers it to be
adequate if at least eight of its members are independent. In this context, it
assumes that the employee representatives are to be considered independent
within the meaning of the Code. With respect to the shareholder representa-
tives viewed in isolation and considering in particular the fact that Beiersdorf
Aktiengesellschaft is a dependent company within the meaning of § 17 (1) AktG,
the Supervisory Board considers it to be adequate if two of its members are in-
dependent.


--- Page 9 ---

Potential Conflicts of Interest

In view of Beiersdorf AG’s position as a dependent company, the Supervisory
Board's objective with respect to independence also takes potential conflicts of
interest on the part of its members into account. In a dependent company, the
Supervisory Board considers it to be good corporate governance if the
Supervisory Board also includes a significant number of representatives of the
majority shareholder.

Notwithstanding this, all members of the Supervisory Board shall inform the
Supervisory Board, by way of a communication addressed to the Chairman of
the Supervisory Board, of any conflicts of interest, and in particular those which
could result from a consulting function or directorship with clients, suppliers,
lenders, or other third parties or competitors of the company. Members of the
Supervisory Board shall resign their office if faced with material and not merely
temporary conflicts of interest.

Diversity Officers

Two Supervisory Board members (Prof. Dr. Eberhartinger and Professor Rous-
seau) were appointed as diversity officers in order to advance and further
promote these objectives. Their role is to support the Supervisory Board at ev-
ery intended election of a shareholder representative to the Supervisory Board,
or of acommittee member, and to issue a statement together with the Chairman
of the Supervisory Board regarding the proposals made by the Nomination
Committee responsible for this, after consultation with the remaining members
of the Supervisory Board.

In addition to a balanced mix of professional skills within the Supervisory Board
as a whole, diversity is an important criterion for the selection of Supervisory
Board and committee members. Diversity is in the company’s interest. This cri-
terion was also taken into account by the Supervisory Board and the Nomina-
tion Committee responsible for the preparatory work when proposing suitable
shareholder representative candidates to the 2009 and 2012 Annual General
Meetings. Following the Supervisory Board elections in April 2009, women
made up 25% of the Supervisory Board and accounted for three members:
Prof. Dr. Eberhartinger (representing the shareholders), and Ms. Gabriel and
Professor Rousseau (representing the employees). From April 2011 to April 2012,
Ms. Dreyfus, who had been appointed as an alternate member of the Super-
visory Board representing the shareholders by the Annual General Meeting,
replaced Dr. Kunisch on the Supervisory Board. At the Annual General Meeting
in April 2012, Dr. Dr. Martel, who is a French citizen, was elected as a new share-
holder representative on the Supervisory Board. As a result of this, the propor-
tion of women on the Supervisory Board was increased to over 33%. In addition,
Prof. Dr. Eberhartinger became the chair of the Supervisory Board’s Audit Com-
mittee effective January 1, 2011. The Supervisory Board also has four share-
holder representative members - Dr. Dr. Martel, Prof. Dr. Eberhartinger,
Mr. Quaas, and Prof. Dr. Péllath - who, in addition to their particular profession-
al skills, embody the idea of international orientation due to their background or
their extensive international experience. To this extent, the Supervisory Board
not only fulfills its objective with respect to its international orientation, but also
achieves its aim of increasing this international orientation.

The Supervisory Board also already fulfills its target with regard to the inde-
pendence of Supervisory Board members. In terms of the Supervisory Board as
a whole, two-thirds of its members are independent. The shareholder repre-
sentatives Dr. Dr. Martel and Prof. Dr. Eberhartinger are to be considered inde-
pendent within the meaning of the Code. By contrast, as a precautionary mea-

sure the Supervisory Board will not treat Mr. Quaas as independent within the
meaning of the Code until the end of the cooling-off period. Furthermore, the
Supervisory Board assumes, as a highly precautionary measure, that a Supervi-
sory Board member with relations to the controlling shareholder should no
longer be regarded as independent in view of the current status of the literature
on the revised version of the Code. Notwithstanding this, the Supervisory Board
believes that relations to the controlling shareholder do not in themselves or
necessarily pose the risk of a material and permanent conflict of interest; rather,
those cases (as here) in which the parties’ business activities do not overlap it
assumes that the company’s interests will largely coincide with those of its con-
trolling majority shareholder.

The age limit and the rules governing the potential conflicts of interest were
complied with.

c) Committees

The work of the Supervisory Board is performed at, and outside of, the meet-
ings of the full Board as well as in the committees. The Supervisory Board has
formed the following five committees:

Presiding Committee

The Presiding Committee is composed of the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board, two additional Supervisory Board members from among the shareholder
representatives, as well as one Supervisory Board member from among the em-
ployee representatives. The Presiding Committee prepares the Supervisory
Board meetings and the Supervisory Board’s human resources decisions and
resolves - subject to the resolution of the full Supervisory Board specifying the
total remuneration - instead of the Supervisory Board on the contracts of
service and pension agreements for members of the Executive Board and on
other issues involving the Executive Board. It regularly reviews the efficiency of
the Supervisory Board's activities. In addition, it regularly discusses long-term
succession planning for the Executive Board. Finally, the Presiding Committee
can make decisions on transactions requiring Supervisory Board approval in
those cases in which the Supervisory Board cannot pass a resolution in time.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee is composed of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board,
two additional Supervisory Board members from among the shareholder repre-
sentatives, and two Supervisory Board members from among the employee
representatives. At least one member of the Audit Committee must be an inde-
pendent member of the Supervisory Board who has expertise in either account-
ing or auditing. The chair of the Audit Committee in particular, Prof. Dr.
Eberhartinger, fulfills these statutory requirements due to her professorship at
the Institute for Auditing, Trust, and Accounting at the Vienna University of
Economics and Business, Austria. The Audit Committee prepares the decisions
of the Supervisory Board on the approval of the annual and consolidated finan-
cial statements, the proposal to the Annual General Meeting on the election of
the auditors, and the agreement with the auditors (issuing the audit engage-
ment, stipulating the areas of emphasis of the audit, and agreeing the fee).
In addition, the Audit Committee verifies the auditors’ independence and
conducts the preliminary examination for additional services that they provide.
Finally, the Audit Committee advises and supervises the Executive Board on
questions relating to accounting, the effectiveness of the internal control
system, the risk management system, and the internal audit system and dis-
cusses the interim reports with the Executive Board before they are published.


--- Page 10 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Corporate Governance / Corporate Governance Report 2012

Finance Committee

The Finance Committee is composed of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board,
two additional Supervisory Board members from among the shareholder repre-
sentatives, and two Supervisory Board members from among the employee
representatives. It monitors corporate policy in the areas of finance, financial
control, tax, and insurance. It decides in place of the Supervisory Board on rais-
ing and granting loans, on the assumption of liability for third-party liabilities,
and on investment transactions. In addition, the Audit Committee advises and
supervises the Executive Board on compliance and in relation to all items as-
signed to it by the Supervisory Board in general or in individual cases.

Mediation Committee

The Mediation Committee, formed in accordance with the provisions of the
MitbestG, consists of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board, the deputy chair-
man, as well as one member elected to the Supervisory Board from among the
employee representatives and one from among the shareholder representatives
by a majority of the votes cast. It makes proposals to the Supervisory Board on
the appointment of Executive Board members if the requisite two-thirds major-
ity is not reached during the first ballot.

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee is composed of the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board and three additional shareholder representatives. It suggests suitable
candidates to the Supervisory Board for proposal for election to the Annual
General Meeting.

The composition of the Supervisory Board and its committees can be found on
our website at wwWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/BOARDS and on page 79 f. of this Report.

2. THE EXECUTIVE BOARD

The Executive Board manages the company on a Group-wide basis on its own
responsibility and conducts the company’s business. It is obliged to act in the
company’s best interests and to increase its sustainable enterprise value. It per-
forms its management duties as a collegiate body with collective responsibility
for the company’s business.

The members of the Executive Board are appointed by the Supervisory Board.
The Supervisory Board also takes diversity aspects into account when deter-
mining the composition of the Executive Board. All current Executive Board
members embody the notion of international orientation due to their years of
working abroad or to their special expertise in Beiersdorf’s key international
markets. The Supervisory Board aims to ensure appropriate representation of
women as part of succession planning for the Executive Board.

The duties of the Executive Board are broken down by functions and regions.
The allocation of areas of responsibility to the individual Executive Board mem-
bers is set out in the schedule of responsibilities, which constitutes part of the
bylaws for the Executive Board.

The Executive Board develops the corporate goals and the Group's strategy,
agrees them with the Supervisory Board, ensures their implementation, and
regularly discusses their implementation status with the Supervisory Board. It is
responsible for managing and monitoring the Group, for corporate planning
including the annual and multi-year planning, and for preparing the quarterly,
annual, and consolidated financial statements as well as for Group financing.

The Executive Board is also responsible for ensuring adequate risk management
and risk control, and for ensuring that all statutory provisions and applicable
internal corporate guidelines are observed, and works to ensure that Group
companies abide by them (compliance). It provides the Supervisory Board with
regular, timely, and comprehensive reports on all questions that are of rele-
vance for the company, including explanations for discrepancies between the
actual course of business and the planning and targets. Certain Executive Board
measures and transactions that are of material significance for the company
require the approval of the Supervisory Board.

The Executive Board also takes diversity aspects into account when filling
executive positions within the company, particularly with regard to ensuring an
appropriate degree of female representation. The aim is for women to account
for 25-30% of senior executives by 2020.

The Executive Board passes resolutions in regular meetings that are chaired by
the Chairman of the Executive Board. The members of the Executive Board
work together in a collegial manner and inform one another on an ongoing basis
about important measures and events in their areas of responsibility.

Executive Board members disclose potential conflicts of interest to the Super-
visory Board without delay and inform their colleagues on the Executive Board
of them. Material transactions between the company and members of the
Executive Board and their related parties require the approval of the Super-
visory Board; such transactions must comply with the standards customary in
the sector. Sideline activities also require the approval of the Supervisory Board.

The company has taken out a D&O insurance policy for the members of the
Executive Board that provides for a deductible in the amount of 10% of any
damage incurred, up to one-and-a-half times the fixed annual remuneration of
the Executive Board member concerned.

3. THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

In accordance with the Articles of Association, shareholders exercise their rights
both at the Annual General Meeting and outside it. Each share entitles the hold-
er to one vote.

Among other things, the Annual General Meeting passes resolutions on the ap-
propriation of net retained profits, on the formal approval of Executive Board
and Supervisory Board members’ actions, on the election of the auditors, and
on amendments to the Articles of Association.

The Ordinary Annual General Meeting takes place each year, generally during
the first five months of the fiscal year. The notice convening the Annual General
Meeting and its agenda are also published on the company’s website, together
with the reports and documentation required for the Annual General Meeting,
including the annual report and forms for postal voting. They can also be dis-
patched electronically together with the associated documents with the
consent of the individual shareholder. To assist shareholders in personally exer-
cising their rights, the company offers its shareholders the services of a voting
representative who votes in accordance with shareholders’ instructions. The in-
vitation explains how shareholders can issue instructions for exercising their
voting rights. In addition, shareholders are free to appoint a proxy of their choice
as their representative at the Annual General Meeting. Since the 2011 Annual
General Meeting, shareholders have also been able to vote by postal ballot.


--- Page 11 ---

Directors’ Dealings and Shareholdings of the
Executive and Supervisory Boards
1. DIRECTORS’ DEALINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH § 15A
WERTPAPIERHANDELSGESETZ (GERMAN SECURITIES
TRADING ACT, WPHG)
In accordance with § 15a WoHG, the members of the Executive Board and the
Supervisory Board are required to report transactions involving shares in
Beiersdorf AG or related financial instruments (directors’ dealings) to the com-
pany and Bundesanstalt fiir Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin - Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority) within five business days. This also applies to
related parties of such persons. This requirement does not apply in cases in
which the aggregate amount of transactions involving a member of the Exe-
cutive Board or the Supervisory Board and the related party of such a person
does not exceed the total of €5,000 in a single calendar year.

The notifications received by Beiersdorf AG for the past fiscal year were pub-
lished in a due and proper manner and are available on the company’s website
at WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/DIRECTORS_DEALINGS.

2. SHAREHOLDINGS OF THE EXECUTIVE AND SUPERVISORY
BOARDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 6.6 OF THE
GERMAN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

According to section 6.6 of the German Corporate Governance Code, the own-
ership of shares of the company or related financial instruments shall be report-
ed by Executive Board and Supervisory Board members if they directly or indi-
rectly exceed 1% of the shares issued by the company. If the entire holdings of
all members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board exceed 1% of the
shares issued by the company, these shall be reported separately according to
the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board.

Michael Herz, a member of the Supervisory Board of Beiersdorf AG, has notified
the company that 50.47% of the shares in the company are attributable to him.
Attributing the 9.99% of the shares held by the company itself, which do not
carry voting or dividend rights in accordance with § 71b AKtG, his proportion of
voting rights amounts to 60.46%. As of December 31, 2012, the remaining mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board did not directly or indirectly hold shares of the
company or related financial instruments. Consequently, members of the Su-
pervisory Board held a total of 50.47% of the shares as of December 31, 2012;
this corresponds to 60.46% of the voting rights, taking into account the shares
held by the company itself. As of December 31, 2012, the members of the Exec-
utive Board held a total of significantly less than 0.1% of the shares.

Further Information on Corporate Governance

at Beiersdorf

Detailed information on the work of the Supervisory Board and its committees,
as well as on the cooperation between the Supervisory Board and the Executive
Board, can be found in the report by the Supervisory Board on page 7 f. of this
Annual Report.

Beiersdorf’s consolidated financial statements and interim reports are prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs). The an-
nual financial statements of Beiersdorf AG are prepared in accordance with the
Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB). The Annual General
Meeting on April 26, 2012, elected Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftspriifungs-
gesellschaft, Stuttgart, as the auditors for Beiersdorf AG and the Beiersdorf
Group for fiscal year 2012.

Transparency and our goal of informing our shareholders and the public quick-
ly, comprehensively, and simultaneously are top priorities for us. That is why
current developments and key company information are published on our web-
site WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM as soon as possible. As well as detailed disclosures
on corporate governance at Beiersdorf, this features additional information on
the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board, and the Annual General Meeting,
the company’s reports (annual reports, annual financial statements, manage-
ment reports, and interim reports), as well as a financial calendar with all key
events and publications, ad hoc disclosures, and directors’ dealings.

The Corporate Governance Statement in accordance with § 289a Handels-
gesetzbuch (German Commercial Code, HGB) has been made publicly available
on the company’s website at www.BEIERSDORF.COM/CORPORATE_
GOVERNANCE_STATEMENT. It includes the Declaration of Compliance in accord-
ance with § 161 AktG, information on key corporate governance practices and on
Executive and Supervisory Board working practices, as well as on the composi-
tion and working practices of their committees.

Hamburg, February 21, 2013
Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft

The Supervisory Board The Executive Board


--- Page 12 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Corporate Governance / Corporate Governance Report 2012
Remuneration Report

Remuneration Report

The Remuneration Report explains the structure and amount of the remunera-
tion paid to the members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board.
It takes into account the legal requirements and the recommendations of the
German Corporate Governance Code and is a component of the annual financial
statements of, and the management reports for, Beiersdorf AG and the Group.

1. REMUNERATION OF THE EXECUTIVE BOARD
a) Supervisory Board Resolutions Regarding the Remuneration of the

Executive Board
The Supervisory Board addressed the structure and appropriateness of Execu-
tive Board remuneration, as well as individual remuneration questions, in its
meetings on February 6, June 11, September 7, and December 12, 2012. More-
over, the Supervisory Board determined the remuneration of the Executive
Board for fiscal year 2012 on February 4, 2013. Remuneration decisions were
regularly prepared by the Presiding Committee.

b) Overview

The remuneration system for the Executive Board takes into account the tasks
and performance of the individual members of the Executive Board and the
Executive Board as a whole, the company’s economic and financial situation, its
performance and outlook, as well as its peer group. The remuneration structure
is geared towards sustainable enterprise development.

The remuneration of the Executive Board in fiscal year 2012 once again com-
prised the following four components:

© a fixed basic remuneration component,
© a Variable Bonus linked to the achievement of annual targets, consisting of
© ashort-term component (Bonus) and

© a multi-year component based on a period of three years (Multi-year
Bonus),

© a long-term bonus based on enterprise value performance (Enterprise Value
Component), as well as

© customary ancillary benefits.

c) Remuneration of the Executive Board for Fiscal Year 2012 in More Detail

aa) Fixed Remuneration

The fixed annual remuneration is paid in twelve equal installments. It is reviewed
regularly for appropriateness every two years.

bb) Variable Bonus for 2012

The members of the Executive Board receive a remuneration component for fis-
cal year 2012 that is based on the performance of the Beiersdorf Group's Con-
sumer Business Segment (Variable Bonus for 2012). This is designed to promote
sustainable enterprise performance and is based largely on a multi-year assess-
ment basis. Unless otherwise specified by the Supervisory Board, the amount of
the Variable Bonus depends on the EBIT margin (EBIT component) and sales
growth (sales component), each with a weighting of 25%, as well as on the
achievement of specific personal goals by individual Executive Board members
(personal component), which have a weighting of 50%.

The size of the EBIT component is calculated on the basis of the return on sales.
The Supervisory Board may take into account any special factors as well as
changes in marketing and research & development expenses. The size of the
sales component is calculated on the basis of sales growth, whereby the Super-
visory Board may take special factors into account.

The personal component is composed of a number of personal goals with differ-
ent weightings, which depend on the functional and regional responsibilities of
each individual Executive Board member. These are set annually by the Super-
visory Board for each individual Executive Board member.

Following due assessment of the circumstances, the Supervisory Board lays
down target figures corresponding to percentages for target achievement
of the EBIT, sales, and personal components, with intermediate figures being
extrapolated on a straight-line basis.

The EBIT, sales, and personal components each lapse unless the threshold val-
ues (knockout) set by the Supervisory Board for the specific component is
reached. No further increases are made for any of the components if the goals
are exceeded by more than 200% (cap).

The short-term part of the Variable Bonus will be paid once the 2013 Annual
General Meeting has approved the actions of the Executive Board (2012 bonus).
The remaining, larger, portion of the Variable Bonus (Multi-year Bonus for 2012)
depends on the enterprise value performance over a period of two years after
the initial year 2012. The enterprise value is calculated by adding together sales
and EBIT. If the enterprise value in fiscal year 2012 is matched or exceeded in
the two subsequent fiscal years, the Multi-year Bonus for 2012 will be paid out
in two equal installments once the actions of the respective Executive Board
member have been approved by the Ordinary Annual General Meetings in the
years 2014 and 2015. If the enterprise value for fiscal year 2012 is not reached in
a particular fiscal year, the corresponding installment lapses unless the average
enterprise value in fiscal years 2013 and 2014 corresponds at least to the enter-
prise value for fiscal year 2012. In this case, the installment that lapsed in the
first instance will be paid out at the same time as the final installment following
the 2015 Ordinary Annual General Meeting. The final installment is increased or
decreased by the amount corresponding to the percentage change in the enter-
prise value as of the end of fiscal year 2014 as against fiscal year 2012. This may
not increase to more than double the last installment (cap). The Supervisory
Board may increase or decrease the Variable Bonus for 2012 by up to 20% in or-
der to take extraordinary developments into account or adjust it for inflation. In-
sofar as bonus entitlements are due under the Variable Bonus 2012, these can
alternatively be included in the long-term virtual Enterprise Value Component
(see section cc) below).

In order to maintain a balance in the durations of the various variable remuner-
ation components in the light of the long-term nature of the Enterprise Value
Component, the Supervisory Board resolved to reduce the measurement peri-
od for the Variable Bonus by one year in the case of 2011 and 2012 and by two
years in the case of 2010. Accordingly, 49% (previously: 40%) of the Variable
Bonus should, in future, be paid out after the Ordinary Annual General Meeting
in the year following the year in which it was granted. The remainder (51%)
(previously: 60%) is to be paid out in two equal tranches (previously: three) as
a Multi-year Bonus starting in the second year following the initial year, in each
case after the actions of the Executive Board have been officially approved by
the Ordinary Annual General Meeting. Furthermore, sales figures are to be


--- Page 13 ---

assigned a greater weighting when calculating enterprise value. However, this
change does not apply to bonus payments that have already been made.

cc) Enterprise Value Component

Since fiscal year 2011, Executive Board members have shared in the increase in
the company’s enterprise value. For this purpose, each Executive Board mem-
ber is (or was) allocated a notional share of the enterprise value (Enterprise Val-
ue Component or Base Virtual Units) at the start of his period of appointment or
reappointment (January 1, 2011, for current appointments). The Supervisory
Board resolves, following due assessment of the circumstances, on any increase
in the Enterprise Value Component during the bonus period defined hereafter.
The Supervisory Board made use of this option in the past fiscal year. The Exec-
utive Board member will be paid his share of the percentage increase in the En-
terprise Value Component during his term of office once his period of appoint-
ment or reappointment has ended and following a predefined one-year vesting
period (together the “bonus period”). The enterprise value is calculated by add-
ing together sales and EBIT as reported in the consolidated financial statements
and applying a multiplier.

The increase in value is the increase in enterprise value from the beginning to
the end of the bonus period. In each case, this is calculated as an average over
three years. The increase in enterprise value corresponds to the percentage
share of the Executive Board member's (notionally allocated) Enterprise Value
Component that will be paid to him provided that the Annual General Meeting
has approved his actions during and after the bonus period (insofar as they had
to resolve this), with the amount being prorated depending on the relationship
between his term of office and the bonus period. In individual cases, the Super-
visory Board is entitled to make adjustments following due assessment of the
circumstances, for instance by adjusting the performance indicators for special
factors or for inflation (where this exceeds 10% in the reference period), or by in-
creasing or decreasing the Enterprise Value Component for objective reasons
by up to 20%.

The Enterprise Value Component is limited to a maximum amount for each
member of the Executive Board (200% cap, corresponding to 10% p.a.). If an Ex-
ecutive Board member is active for a period shorter than his period of appoint-
ment, the Supervisory Board should reduce his Enterprise Value Component
pro rata. There is no legal entitlement to payment of the corresponding increase
in value in the event that an Executive Board member's contract is terminated
prematurely at the request of the Executive Board member, or by the company
for good cause.

The Supervisory Board has revised the Enterprise Value Component in fiscal
year 2012 onwards and is writing this into the contracts of service for the mem-
bers of the Executive Board with their agreement. Above all, as already report-
ed last year, the Enterprise Value Component has been expanded to include a
component based on voluntary personal investment by Executive Board mem-
bers (Covered Virtual Units'). This personal investment is made either by due
bonus payments being retained from the Variable Bonus or by the Executive
Board member providing security by pledging assets of a suitable value. The
Covered Virtual Units participate in positive and negative percentage changes
in the value of the Enterprise Value Component. They are not limited to a maxi-
mum amount (cap) and vest immediately following their purchase. Covered
Virtual Units are not just operands, but rather are amounts that are paid out or

‘Previously: Funded Share.
® Previously: Matching Share.

repaid in full after being adjusted based on enterprise value performance.
For each Covered Virtual Unit, the Executive Board member receives a further
Enterprise Value Component in the corresponding amount (Matching Virtual
Unit?), which is calculated in the same way as the Base Virtual Units. Insofar as
Matching Virtual Units are concerned, the payment of the Enterprise Value
Component was linked to the achievement or exceeding of specific market
shares in the core skin care categories for key European markets.

dd) Variable Bonus for 2010/2011

The Variable Bonus for 2010 was divided into two equally weighted target com-
ponents - the EBIT component and personal targets - while the Variable Bonus
2011 consisted of an EBIT component, a sales component, and a personal com-
ponent (see Variable Bonus for 2012). The Variable Bonus for 2010 and the Var-
iable Bonus for 2011 each consisted of a short-term component (2010 Bo-
nus/2011 Bonus) and a component dependent on enterprise value performance
in the four fiscal years from 2011 to 2014 (Multi-year Bonus for 2010°) or in the
three fiscal years from 2012 to 2014 (Multi-year Bonus for 2011), which is calcu-
lated to a large extent on the basis of the principles described for the Variable
Bonus for 2012. A more detailed description is provided in the 2010 and 2011 An-
nual Reports. The first tranche of the Multi-year Bonus for 2010, which was
scheduled to be paid out in 2012 following the 2012 Ordinary Annual General
Meeting, was not paid because the preconditions for this were not met. As con-
tractually agreed, the tranche will be paid out following the Annual General
Meeting in 2013 as the average enterprise value for fiscal years 2011 and 2012
corresponds at least to the enterprise value for fiscal year 2010*.

ee) Other

The remuneration of the Executive Board for fiscal year 2012 did not contain any
stock option program or comparable securities-based incentives. Equally, the
members of the Executive Board did not receive any additional remuneration
for their membership of supervisory bodies of Group companies and investees.

Each Executive Board member is provided with a company car. In addition,
Beiersdorf AG has taken out accident insurance for the Executive Board mem-
bers. These non-cash remuneration components are taxed as non-cash bene-
fits.

Insofar as defined contribution pension commitments had been made to Exec-
utive Board members who were active in fiscal year 2012°, these were convert-
ed to Covered Virtual Units (see section cc) above) at the respective nominal
amount as a rule with the agreement of the Supervisory Board. In future, these
will be paid annually to the relevant Executive Board members in addition to the
Matching Virtual Units instead of the defined contribution pension commit-
ments® that were previously paid.

In the event that the term of office of a current Executive Board member is
terminated prematurely for reasons for which the Executive Board member
concerned is not responsible, the contracts of service limit the severance pay-
ment to two annual salary payments (severance pay cap). Each member of the
Executive Board receives a lump-sum payment of their Variable Bonus (with the
amount depending on what they are entitled to) on premature termination of his
office without the existence of good cause for which the Executive Board mem-
ber is responsible; in this case, the Enterprise Value Component is calculated up
until the point of termination and paid on a pro rata basis. No other com-

*As of 2011, terminology changed to “Multi-year Bonus” (previously “Long-term Bonus”); the term “Multi-year Bonus for 2010" is used in the following for reasons of consistency.

* See bb) above for information on changes in the duration.
*The pension commitments made in the past are described in greater detail in the Annual Report 2011

° The Covered Virtual Units assigned p.a. are as follows: Peter Feld €100 thousand; Dr. Ulrich Schmidt €60 thousand; Ralph Gusko €50 thousand.


--- Page 14 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Corporate Governance / Remuneration Report

mitments exist in relation to the premature termination of membership of the
Executive Board. Members of the Executive Board did not receive any loans or
advances from the company, nor were any contingent liabilities entered into in
their favor.

Mr. Umit Subasi, who left the Executive Board by mutual agreement effective
July 31, 2012, received his contractually agreed fixed remuneration for 2012. The
2011 Bonus for his Variable Bonus for 2011 was paid out in the amount of €128
thousand as contractually agreed. The Multi-year Bonus for 2011 in the amount
of €192 thousand was paid out to Mr. Subast in full. The Variable Bonus for 2012
will be paid out effective June 30, 2013, in accordance with his contract of
service. This amount will be at least €160 thousand. With respect to the period
following his departure from the Executive Board, the Variable Bonus for 2012 is
€514 thousand. No Variable Bonus will be paid for 2013. All further claims were
settled by payment of a lump sum of €663 thousand.

As laid down in his contract, Mr. Thomas-B. Quaas’ total annual remuneration
will continue to be paid at a flat annual rate of €965 thousand since his depar-
ture from the Executive Board on April 26, 2012, until the expiry of his contract
on March 31, 2015, whereby any other remuneration (including Supervisory
Board remuneration) will be offset against this. The determination and payment
of the variable remuneration for 2010 and 2011 are governed by the general pro-
visions. His variable remuneration accruing in the period from January 1, 2012,
to April 26, 2012, was calculated pro rata as a lump sum with an assumed target
achievement of 100%, and will be paid out following the 2013 Ordinary Annual
General Meeting. Mr. Quaas’ pension entitlements remain unaffected.


--- Page 15 ---

18

ff) Overviews of Individual Executive Board Remuneration

2.01 TOTAL REMUNERATION OF THE EXECUTIVE BOARD FOR ACTIVITIES IN FISCAL YEAR 2012 (IN € THOUSAND)

Executive Board members in office in 2012

Variable Bonus

Fixed basic remuneration Bonus Multi-year Bonus

2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012
Stefan F. Heidenreich (Chairman of the Executive Board) “= 7 too ~~C~S:C~—C=i‘“‘—S*~CSHLCS*~“‘=‘“s*~CS*~‘;*‘«D
Peter Feld 500 500 189 345 283 359
Ralph Gusko 200 450 54 253 81 264
Dr. Ulrich Schmidt 500 500 118 269 177 279
Thomas-B. Quaas (until April 26, 2012) 435 140 394 277 592 -
Umit Subasi (until July 31, 2012) 417 292 128 327" 192 -
Total 2,538° 2,882 1,204° 2,252 1,704° 1,714

” The entire Variable Bonus for 2012 will be paid out to Mr. Subasi effective June 30, 2013,
*Claims relating to the Enterprise Value Component were settled by a single lump-sum payment: see ee) above.

° These totals additionally include the following payments made to members who left the Executive Board in 201 for activities in fiscal year 201: Dr. Bernhard Dattmann - fixed: €43 thousand, Bonus:
€69 thousand, Multi-year Bonus: €0, total variable remuneration: €69 thousand, other: €162 thousand, total: €274 thousand, additions to pension provisions: €47 thousand; Markus Pinger - fixed: €163
thousand, Bonus: €91 thousand, Multi-year Bonus: €137 thousand, total variable remuneration: €228 thousand, other: €5 thousand, total: €396 thousand, additions to pension provisions: €100 thousand;
James C. Wei - fixed: €280 thousand, Bonus: €161 thousand, Multi-year Bonus: €242 thousand, total variable remuneration: €403 thousand, other: €51 thousand, total: €734 thousand, additions to

pension provisions: €0.

The following table shows the development of the Multi-year Bonus since its ini-
tial adoption, as well as the amount of the tranche to be paid out in each case
following the 2013 Ordinary Annual General Meeting.

2.02 MULTI-YEAR BONUS (IN € THOUSAND)
Executive Board members in office in 2012

Multi-year Bonus 2010

Multi-year Bonus 2011

Present values Present values Payment Present values Present values Payment

as of Dec. 31, _as of Dec. 31, following as of Dec.31, _as of Dec. 31, following

2011 2012 2013 AGM 2011 2012 2013 AGM

Peter Feld 93 102 102 283 295 163
Ralph Gusko - - - 81 84 47
Dr. Ulrich Schmidt - - - 177 185 102
Thomas-B. Quaas (until April 26, 2012) 362 384 97 592 602 148
Umit Subasi (until July 31, 2012) - - - 192 - 0
Total’* 973 1,035 337 1,704 1,551 554

‘The entire Variable Bonus for 2011 was paid out to Mr. Subas! as a lump sum in connection with his departure from the Executive Board.

"These totals additionally include the following disclosures for members who left the Executive Board in 2011: Markus Pinger - Multi-year Bonus for 2010 (present value as of Dec. 31, 2011: €285 thousand,
present value as of Dec. 31, 2012: €302 thousand, payment following 2013 AGM: €76 thousand), Multi-year Bonus for 2011 (present value as of Dec. 31, 2011: €137 thousand, present value as of Dec. 31,
2012: €139 thousand, payment following 2013 AGM: €34 thousand), James C. Wei - Multi-year Bonus for 2010 (present value as of Dec. 31, 2011: €233 thousand, present value as of Dec. 31, 2012: €247
thousand, payment following 2013 AGM: €62 thousand), Multi-year Bonus for 2011 (present value as of Dec. 31, 2011: €242 thousand, present value as of Dec. 31, 2012: €246 thousand, payment following
2013 AGM: €60 thousand); in connection with his departure from the Executive Board effective February 9, 2011, Dr. Bernhard Dattmann received his Variable Bonus for 2010 in full following the 2011

Annual General Meeting and the pro rata Variable Bonus for 2011 in a lump-sum payment.


--- Page 16 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Corporate Governance / Remuneration Report 19
Other
(non-cash benefits arising
from the provision of com-
pany cars and the payment of Additions to provisions for ‘Additions to
Total variable remuneration insurance contributions) Total Enterprise Value Component pension provisions
2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012
- 1,593 - 5 - 2,598 1,158 - -
472 704 106 150 1,078 1,354 122 535 - -
135 517 69 88 404 1,055 508 - -
295 548 72 44 867 1,092 107 673 - -
986 277 19 6 1,440 - 228 86
320 327 88 12 825 107 = - -
2,908° 3,966 572° 305 6,018" 7,153 336 2,874 375° 86
The following table shows the Virtual Units allocated to the Executive Board
members and the amounts set aside in the years since they were granted in
each case.
2.03 VIRTUAL UNITS AND PROVISIONS (IN € THOUSAND)
Executive Board members in office in 2012
2011 20127
Total amount Total amount
set aside set aside
Base Covered Matching _in fiscal year Base Covered Matching _in fiscal year
Virtual Units Virtual Units Virtual Units 2011 Virtual Units Virtual Units Virtual Units 2012
Stefan F. Heidenreich (Chairman of the Executive Board) - - - - 10,000 10,000 10,000 1,158
Peter Feld 5,000 - - 122 10,000 100 100 657
Ralph Gusko 5,000 25 25 - 5,000 75 75 508
Dr. Ulrich Schmidt 5,000 60 60 107 10,000 11,1208 1,120 780
Thomas-B. Quaas™* (until April 26, 2012) a : - a - - a a
Umit Subasi (until July 31, 2012) 5,000 - - 107 - - - -
Total 20,000 85 85 336 35,000 11,295 11,295 3,103

"Total Virtual Units granted as at December 31, 2012.

"Of this, one million Covered Virtual Units were acquired by providing securities or retaining bonuses due.

"In the case of Mr. Quaas, the Enterprise Value Component was not introduced

9g) Former Members of the Executive Board and their Surviving Dependents

Payments to former members of the Executive Board and their dependents to-
taled €2,474 thousand (previous year: €2,394 thousand). Provisions for pension
commitments to former members of the Executive Board and their dependents

totaled €37,463 thousand (previous year: €26,256 thousand).


--- Page 17 ---

20

2. REMUNERATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board (§ 15 of the Articles of Association)
takes into account the responsibilities and scope of tasks of the individual mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board as well as the company’s economic situation.

In addition to being reimbursed for cash expenses, Supervisory Board members
also receive a fixed and a variable, dividend-based remuneration component for
fiscal year 2012, which is geared towards sustainable enterprise performance,
and attendance fees for Supervisory Board and committee meetings. The Chair-
man of the Supervisory Board receives two-and-a-half times the standard
Supervisory Board remuneration and his two deputies each receive one-and-
a-half times the standard Supervisory Board remuneration. Members of
committees - with the exception of the Nomination Committee and the
committee set up in accordance with § 27 (3) Mitbestimmungsgesetz (German
Co-Determination Act, MitbestG) - receive additional compensation for their
work in these committees. If a member of the Supervisory Board simultaneous-
ly holds several offices for which increased remuneration is granted, he or she
shall only receive the remuneration for the highest-paying office.

The fixed remuneration component per Supervisory Board member is €40,000
for each full fiscal year. The variable remuneration is €1,000 for each cent by
which the dividend per share exceeds 25 cents. 40% of this variable remunera-
tion will be paid out after the actions of the Supervisory Board member in ques-
tion have been approved by the Annual General Meeting for the fiscal year for
which remuneration is being paid (initial year). The remaining amount will be
paid out following the Annual General Meeting to which the annual financial
statements for the third year following the initial year are submitted, insofar as
the average dividend for the initial year and the three following fiscal years is
not lower than the dividend for the initial year. Interest in line with current
market rates will be paid on this amount until such time as it is paid out. Further-
more, members of the Supervisory Board and committees receive an atten-
dance fee of €1,000 for participating in full at a meeting of the Supervisory
Board or committee and €500 for participating in the majority of a meeting.

Subject to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting on April 18, 2013, on the
dividend" to be distributed for 2012, the members of the Supervisory Board will
receive the remuneration presented in the following table for their activities in
fiscal year 2012"°:

2.04 TOTAL REMUNERATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD FOR ACTIVIT
Supervisory Board members in office in 2012

IES IN FISCAL YEAR 2012 (IN €)

Fixed’? Variable Total

2011"° 2012 2011 2012”° 2011 2012
Dr. Andreas Albrod”? (since August 1, 2012) - 31,082 ae) 18,811 (11,287) - 49,893
Dr. Walter Diembeck (until July 31, 2012) 56,082 40,918 55,414 (13,611) 26,189 (15,713) 111,496 67,107
Beatrice Dreyfus*? (until April 26, 2012) 29,096 15,787 35,704 (13,611) 14,385 (8,631) 64,800 30,172
Prof. Dr. Eva Eberhartinger 71,603 91,500 55,414 (13,611) 45,000 (27,000) 127,017 136,500
Elke Gabriel 36,562 47,000 55,414 (13,611) 45,000 (27,000) 91,976 92,000
Michael Herz 59,041 70,000 55,414 (13,611) 45,000 (27,000) 114,455 115,000
Thomas Holzgreve (Deputy Chairman) 56,842 77,000 83,121 (20,416) 67,500 (40,500) 139,963 144,500
Thorsten Irtz (Deputy Chairman) 55,342 72,000 83,121 (20,416) 67,500 (40,500) 138,463 139,500
Dr. Dr. Christine Martel (since April 26, 2012) - 30,322 ae) 30,738 (18,443) - 61,060
Tomas Nieber 36,562 45,500 55,414 (13,611) 45,000 (27,000) 91,976 90,500
Michel Perraudin?> (until April 26, 2012) 14,178 15,787 12,575 (7,545) 14,385 (8,631) 26,753 30,172
Prof. Dr. Reinhard Péllath (Chairman) 90,404 115,000 138,534 (34,027) 112,500 (67,500) 228,938 227,500
Thomas-B. Quaas”* (since April 26, 2012) - a -O “Oo > _
Prof. Manuela Rousseau 35,562 47,000 55,414 (13,611) 45,000 (27,000) 90,976 92,000
Volker Schopnie 56,082 72,000 55,414 (13,611) 45,000 (27,000) 111,496 117,000
Total 612,4257° 770,896 780,734 (191,292)"* 622,008 (373,205) _1,393,159°° 1,392,904

"Based on the proposal for a dividend of €0.70 per share submitted to the Annual General Meeting.
** Presented exclusive of value added tax.

"” Fixed remuneration component and remuneration for membership of Supervisory Board committees (including attendance fees).
'® Attendance fees are only included in this figure on a pro rata basis since their introduction effective July 1, 2011
"The figure in brackets contains the long-term portion (60%) of the variable Supervisory Board remuneration that will be paid out after the 2015 Annual General Meeting if the preconditions for payment

are met (plus interest in accordance with § 15 (1) of the Articles of Association, if applicable).

?°The figure in brackets contains the long-term portion (60%) of the variable Supervisory Board remuneration that will be paid out after the 2016 Annual General Meeting if the preconditions for payment

are met (plus interest in accordance with § 15 (1) of the Articles of Association, if applicable).
*" Alternate employee representative member replacing Dr. Diembeck.
?? Alternate member replacing Dr. Kunisch; left following the election of Mr. Quaas as Dr. Kunisch's si
?5Court-appointed Supervisory Board member whose term of office ended on April 26, 2012.
**as contractually agreed, the Supervisory Board remuneration was offset against continuing entitl

uccessor.

lements from Mr. Quaas’s former Executive Board activities.

?5 These totals additionally include the following payments made to members who left the Supervisory Board in 2011 for activities in fiscal year 2011:
Dr. Rolf Kunisch - fixed: €7,466, variable €19,710 (-), total: €27,176; Thomas Siemsen - fixed: €7,603, variable €20,071 (-), total: €27,674,

Members of the Supervisory Board did not receive any loans or advances from
the company, nor were any contingent liabilities entered into in their favor. In
addition, members of the Supervisory Board did not receive any compensation
or benefits for services provided on a personal basis, such as advisory or agency
services.


--- Page 18 ---

GROUP
MANAGEMEN

REPOR

Beiersdorf’s Brands

Business and Strategy

Economic Environment

Results of Operations, Balance Sheet Structure,
and Financial Position

Research and Development

Sustainability

Employees

Risk Report

Report by the Executive Board on Dealings
among Group Companies

Report on Post-Balance Sheet Date Events
Disclosures Required by Takeover Law
Report on Expected Developments



--- Page 19 ---

22

Beiersdorf’s Brands

Every day, millions of consumers trust Beiersdorf’s innovative, high-quality skin
and body care products. Our successful international brand portfolio is tailored
to meet the individual needs and wishes of consumers, as well as regional re-
quirements. The ongoing development of our strong brands is the basis for
this closeness to consumers and markets, and hence for Beiersdorf’s success.

tesa provides innovative self-adhesive products and system solutions. The man-
ufacturer is a global market leader in a large number of application areas thanks
to its many years of experience in coating technology and developing adhesive
masses.

3-01 Our Brand Portfolio

Eucerin NIVEA La Prairie
. ° a 8
Eucerin la prairie
Se ‘SWITZERLAND
Hansaplast 8x4 Labello
x ®
8 Labello
SLEK Florena atrix tesa

ary
Sek

Florena

atin Ey

¢

Business and Strategy

Beiersdorf is a global company with more than 150 affiliates worldwide and
around 17,000 employees. Our two separate business segments are responsible
for operations in their respective areas. The Consumer Business Segment,
whose strong brands concentrate on the international skin and body care
markets, forms the focus of our business.

The tesa Business Segment with its innovative product portfolio is one of the
world’s leading manufacturers of self-adhesive products and solutions for
industry, craft businesses, and consumers.

Consumer Business Segment

BLUE AGENDA - THE STRATEGIC COMPASS

Beiersdorf systematically continued its “Focus on Skin Care. Closer to Markets.”
strategy in 2012 and developed a strategic compass, its Blue Agenda. This clear-
ly defines the company’s objectives and how to implement them. Beiersdorf is
reaffirming its claim to be the number 1 skin care company in the product cate-
gories and markets that are important to it. The company’s strategic activities
are focused on four fields: strengthening its brands - first and foremost NIVEA
- as well as increasing its innovative power, systematically expanding its impact
and presence in the emerging markets, and increasing the company’s efficiency
and speed. The Blue Agenda sets out a clear vision for Beiersdorf’s future.


--- Page 20 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Beiersdorf'’s Brands
Business and Strategy

Fully implementing the objectives outlined in the Blue Agenda is expected to
take three to five years. Clearly defined performance indicators measure the de-
gree to which objectives have been achieved and provide a guideline to follow
on the journey. Beiersdorf has made rapid progress on this path in line with its
planning. Important projects have been launched and the first tasks have al-
ready been successfully completed. Its success can be seen not least by looking
at its 2012 results. Beiersdorf will build on this and continue its systematic drive
to further enhance its development. The goal is to make the company even
more competitive.

WE ARE SKIN CARE

Skin care will be the main growth driver in the global cosmetics market in the
period up to 2015, accounting for 45% of growth. Against this backdrop, our
activities in recent months focused on reinvigorating the core of the NIVEA
brand and implementing a uniform brand presence using a new logo and new
design. This aimed to significantly enhance brand recognition and to ensure a
uniform brand presence that clearly differentiates it from the competition and
ensured maximum awareness in the shops. Consumers will encounter the new
logo at all touchpoints with our products: from advertisements through the
product range on the shelves down to the purchased product. The first prod-
ucts in the NIVEA Body category with the new round logo were introduced into
the shops in May 2012; products from the NIVEA Face category were added
starting in July and the NIVEA Hair and NIVEA Baby product categories at the
end of the year. Changes to the product packaging, which will materially
strengthen the brand's presence, will also be made from January 2013 onwards
as part of the migration of the entire NIVEA product family to the new logo.

The reorganization of Beiersdorf’s research and development activities to lever-
age the potential there was another key focus. Beiersdorf took specific meas-
ures to align the research and development department even more strongly
with consumer expectations. For example, the research and development func-
tions involved in the innovation process at Beiersdorf were previously organized
in accordance with the steps in the process. From January 2013 onwards, the
new structure for the research and development area will be focused on the six
core categories - Body, Face, Sun, Men, Deo, and Shower. NIVEA Baby and
NIVEA Hair play a role as tactical categories at a local level. The objective is to
develop innovative products that are ideally tailored to meet consumers’ differ-
ent individual, and often also regional, needs quickly and using efficient struc-
tures. Adopting this approach gives Beiersdorf valuable competitive advantag-
es, and will allow it to increase its innovative power considerably in the coming
years.

CLOSEST TO MARKETS

Beiersdorf plans to systematically increase its impact and presence in the
emerging markets. Its regional research centers in Silao, Mexico, and Wuhan,
China, for example, mean that Beiersdorf is getting even closer to the markets.
Construction of a new production center with significantly higher capacity
began in Silao in 2012 to serve the rapidly growing demand in this region and
simultaneously improve structures by bundling resources at a single location.
A new research center is also being built in addition to the production center.
In future, Silao will supply the markets in North and Central America. Overall,
Beiersdorf is investing more than €100 million at this location. Production is
planned to start in 2014 with around 550 employees.

In Turkey, the acquisition of all shares of the joint venture with the Eczacibas!
Group is strengthening Beiersdorf’s position in this promising market.

23

INCREASING EFFICIENCY AND SPEED

Increasing the company’s efficiency and speed serves the overarching corpo-
rate objective of further increasing growth and earnings power. Beiersdorf
works continually to make processes more efficient, speed up decisions, and
optimize cost structures. 2012 saw a cultural change. The Blue Agenda builds on
the trust-based corporate culture, adding the values of entrepreneurship,
personal responsibility, change, and speed. In this way, Beiersdorf aims to en-
courage and require employees to think and act like entrepreneurs and to take
a decisive approach.

tesa Business Segment

INNOVATIVE PRODUCT SOLUTIONS

The tesa Business Segment is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of self-
adhesive products and system solutions for industry, craft businesses, and
consumers. Reliable high quality, extremely innovative thinking, and the use of
superior technology are core elements of its brand philosophy and strategy.
tesa focuses on developing effective solutions for its customers.

In the industrial segment, tesa primarily offers system solutions for the automo-
tive, construction, printing, electronics, and paper industries. The main strategic
focus is on establishing and expanding profitable businesses in technologically
sophisticated application areas. Special ranges are offered for various customer
groups in the industrial business.

A new, forward-looking business area is operated by tesa Labtec GmbH. The
affiliate develops and produces transdermal systems, also called pharmaceuti-
cal plasters, and oral films - medicated foils that dissolve in the mouth without
the need for additional fluids.

tesa’s professional distribution business supplies dealers with constantly opti-
mized product ranges for use by customers in crafts businesses, such as build-
ing and painting.

In the consumer segment, tesa markets innovative product solutions that are
designed for daily use in the office, home, and garden. Consumers in Europe and
Latin America can find a wide range of products under the tesa umbrella brand.
In addition to office products such as the classic tesafilm adhesive tape, these
include customized solutions for insulation, painting and masking, repairing,
packaging, and temporary and permanent mounting. tesa also offers household
insect protection products.

tesa’s strengths lie in its in-depth knowledge of production processes, market
requirements, and industry trends. Our highly qualified employees and our ex-
tremely flexible business processes, which are continuously being improved,
enable us to develop intelligent solutions to problems and to turn them into
needs-based products quickly and efficiently. tesa’s superior, market-driven
products offer it a competitive advantage.

In its international industrial business, tesa focuses on expanding its global
structures, which offer customers homogeneous solutions of a consistently high
quality and excellent service.

In its international consumer business, the geographical focus is on Europe and
Latin America. tesa is expanding its structures in these markets so as to be able
to offer international distribution partners a range of effective and market-
driven solutions.


--- Page 21 ---

24

Another key success factor for tesa is defining and enforcing uniform quality
standards worldwide while simultaneously incorporating environmentally
friendly technology components.

Management and Control

The Executive Board manages the company and is dedicated to sustainably
increasing its value. In addition to the two functional areas of responsibility
within the Executive Board - Finance, Human Resources, and Supply Chain, and
Brands - there are three regional areas of responsibility: Europe/North America,
Asia/Australia, and Emerging Markets. This regional allocation of responsibili-
ties in particular means the Executive Board is closely involved in the company’s
operational business. The Chairman of the Executive Board is responsible at an
overarching level for corporate development, corporate communications, the
internal audit function, and sustainability.

The tesa Business Segment is managed as an independent subgroup (see page
31 ff.).

Information on the remuneration of the Executive Board and the Supervisory
Board as well as on incentive and bonus systems is provided in the Remunera-
tion Report, which forms part of the Group Management Report. The Corporate
Governance Statement in accordance with § 289a Handelsgesetzbuch (German
Commercial Code, HGB) has been made publicly available on the company’s
website at WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/CORPORATE_GOVERNANCE_ STATEMENT.
Additional information regarding management and control, the general man-
agement structure, and the Declaration of Compliance in accordance with § 161
Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG) is also provided in the
Corporate Governance Report.

Value Management and Performance

Management System

The goal of Beierdorf’s business activities is to sustainably increase the compa-
ny’s market share by achieving qualitative growth and at the same time to ex-
pand its earnings base. The long-term key performance indicators are derived
from this. In particular, Beiersdorf intends to increase its international sales
growth and gain market share. In addition, the aim is to increase the Group’s
earnings power. This is measured using the operating result (EBIT) in conjunc-
tion with the EBIT margin (the ratio of EBIT to sales). The goal is to generate in-
ternationally competitive returns through systematic cost management and the

highly efficient use of resources. In addition, Beiersdorf aims to continuously
optimize its net operating capital and hence improve its return on capital (the
ratio of EBIT to net operating capital).

The company has created an efficient management system in order to meet
these strategic goals. Corporate management derives the business perfor-
mance targets for the individual units in the Group for the coming year from the
Group's strategic business goals. This planning covers all segments and affili-
ates. Generally, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board formally adopt the
Group's planning for the following year in the fall.

Actual key performance indicators are compared with planned values and with
the current forecast for the year as a whole at regular intervals during the fiscal
year. These comparisons are used to manage the business in line with the objec-
tives.

The tesa Business Segment forms a separate, independent unit within the
Group. It is also managed on the basis of the sales growth, EBIT, and EBIT mar-
gin performance indicators, as well as the return on capital.

Environment

Economic

General Economic Situation

Global growth declined in 2012 and was particularly impacted by the tight eco-
nomic situation in large parts of Europe. Economic development, which was
dominated by the euro and sovereign debt crisis, was uncertain, leading to a de-
crease in public spending as well as muted private investment and consump-
tion. In turn, this weak economic development in the industrialized nations af-
fected the emerging economies, where it impacted growth.

Europe saw the sharpest drop in growth rates in the past year. The euro and sov-
ereign debt crisis led to a recession in most countries in Southern Europe. This
trend was intensified by rising unemployment as well as by restrictive fiscal pol-
icies, and increasingly impacted Northern and Central Europe. The bailout and
stability programs instituted and announced by the eurozone states had a pos-
itive effect on the financial markets, resulting in more favorable refinancing
rates for most of the affected countries, and hence a better outlook for their
future economic development, over the course of the year.

502 GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT 2012 (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

21
1.6
0.7
EUI7
D T] USA Japan
-0.4

3.05 CONSUMER SPENDING 2012 (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

cy

0.5

i EU17

D I USA Japan

1.0

*Commerzbank Research


--- Page 22 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Business and Strategy
Economic Environment

The German economy grew faster than the rest of the eurozone. This perfor-
mance was due in particular to the strong export sector. Continuing low interest
rates and positive developments on the labor market stimulated investment and
consumer spending particularly in the first half of the year. The slight deteriora-
tion in the economy over the course of the year and the slight easing on the labor
market reduced growth in the second half of the year.

In the United States, the sluggish labor market and political gridlock led to a low
level of growth. However, high rates of corporate investment and growth in res-
idential construction in particular did provide momentum.

The strong growth of the Chinese economy eased slightly in comparison to last
year, since China - as a leading exporter - was impacted by the decline in inter-
national demand. China’s political leaders employed fiscal policy measures to
combat the threat of inflation and strengthen the economy. Among other
things, public spending on infrastructure projects was increased. The Asian
economies continued to see rapid growth on the whole. Japan slowly recovered
from the effects of the major natural disasters it suffered in 2011.

Sales Market Trends

The growth rate for the global cosmetics market in 2012 was roughly on a level
with the previous year. The Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America regions
continue to be growth drivers. However, the saturated markets of Europe and
North America were flat. The effects of the weakening economy and the associ-
ated deterioration in consumer sentiment were felt in particular in the large
Western and Southern European markets.

The performance of the industrial sales markets varied widely from region to
region in 2012. Europe trended sideways overall due to the euro and sovereign
debt crisis. While markets in Southern Europe declined significantly in some
cases, the markets in Central and Eastern Europe, which are more strongly ex-
port-oriented, were flat or rose slightly. Asia remained the growth driver, while
sales markets in North America also recorded stable market growth.

504 INFLATION RATE 2012 (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

2.5
2.0 2.2
| | 0.1

D EUI7 USA Japan

* Commerzbank Research

25

Procurement Market

In 2012, global procurement markets were impacted by the euro and sovereign
debt crisis as well as by the weakened global economy in the United States and
China in particular. The price of oil was relatively stable in 2012, but it remained
at the high level of USD 110 per barrel, due in part to the continued unstable
political situation in the Middle East. Increases in raw materials prices were more
moderate than expected in 2012 despite highly volatile availability and price
trends on the markets for specific raw materials that are used in a large number
of our products. We again ensured raw materials security at our production
facilities in 2012 by developing additional alternative sources of supply.

The Economic Situation - Summary

The tesa Business Segment again lifted sales in both the industrial markets and
its consumer business areas. In the Consumer Business Segment, the strong
performance by the emerging markets (Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin Ameri-
ca) had a particularly positive effect on overall growth. Sales in the saturated
cosmetics markets of Germany and Western Europe were largely on a level with
the previous year.


--- Page 23 ---

26

Results of Operations,
and Financial Position

Results of Operations - Group

Balance Sheet Structure,

3.05 INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

Jan. 1-Dec. 31

2011 2012 % change
Sales 5,633 6,040 7.2
Cost of goods sold -2,077 -2,217 67
Gross profit 3,556 3,823 75
Marketing and selling expenses -2,454 -2,539 3.6
Research and development expenses -163 -159 -2.2
General and administrative expenses -291 -311 6.8
Other operating result (excluding special factors) -2 -79 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) 646 735 13.8
Special factors -215 -37 -
Operating result (EBIT) 431 698 61.9
Financial result 9 ql -
Profit before tax 440 709 61.2
Income taxes -181 -258 42.7
Profit after tax 259 451 72.2

The changes in percent are calculated based on thousands of euros.

SALES

Organic Group sales in 2012 were up 4.7% on the prior-year figure. The Consum-
er business segment grew by 4.9%, while tesa generated a sales increase of
3.6%. At current exchange rates, Group sales rose by 7.2% as against the previ-
ous year, to €6,040 million (previous year: €5,633 million).

In Europe, sales were up 0.3% on the prior year. At current exchange rates,
sales amounted to €3,441 million (previous year: €3,414 million), 0.8% above
the prior-year figure.

In the Americas region, sales in Latin America again achieved double-digit
growth rates. Overall, growth in the Americas amounted to 12.2%. At current
exchange rates, sales increased by 15.6% to €1,149 million (previous year:
€993 million).

The Africa/Asia/Australia region experienced growth of 10.6%. At current ex-
change rates, growth of 18.3% to €1,450 million was achieved (previous year:
€1,226 million).

EXPENSES/OTHER OPERATING RESULT

Cost of goods sold rose by 6.7%, and hence slightly more slowly than sales. Mar-
keting and selling expenses also rose more slowly than sales, to €2,539 million
(previous year: €2,454 million). Spending on advertising, trade marketing, and
similar items contained in this heading amounted to €1,460 million (previous
year: €1,422 million). Research and development expenses amounted to
€159 million, down 2.2% on the previous year (€163 million). General and admin-
istrative expenses rose to €311 million (previous year: €291 million). The other
operating result (excluding special factors) amounted to €-79 million (previous
year: €-2 million).

3.06 GROUP SALES (IN € MILLION)

5,748 5,571 5,633 6,040

2009 2010 2011 2012

3.07 GROUP SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/Australia

24.0
Europe
57.0
Americas
19.0



--- Page 24 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Balance Sheet Structure, and Financial Position 27

OPERATING RESULT (EBIT, EXCLUDING SPECIAL FACTORS)

EBIT excluding special factors rose to €735 million (previous year: €646 mil-
lion), while the EBIT margin was 12.2% (previous year: 11.5%). In the Consumer
business segment, EBIT excluding special factors amounted to €606 million
(previous year: €537 million), while the EBIT margin was 12.0% (previous year:
11.4%). EBIT in the tesa business segment rose from €109 million in 2011 to
€129 million in the past fiscal year; the EBIT margin was 13.0% (previous year:
11.6%).

The Group operating result before special factors in Europe was €565 million
(previous year: €537 million). The EBIT margin was 16.4% (previous year: 15.7%).
The operating result before special factors in the Americas was €78 million
(previous year: €75 million), while the EBIT margin was 6.8% (previous year:
7.5%). In Africa/Asia/Australia, EBIT excluding special factors amounted to

€92 million (previous year: €34 million). The EBIT margin was 6.3% (previous
year: 2.8%).

SPECIAL FACTORS

Special factors of €-37 million (previous year: €-215 million) relate to non-
recurring costs from the realignment of corporate structures and processes
in the Consumer business segment that Beiersdorf resolved in November
2011 (€24 million). The acquisition of the shares in EBC Eczacibasi-Beiersdorf
Kozmetik Uriinler Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S. (Tirkei) (EBC (Turkey)) previously held
by a third party resulted in a gain from the remeasurement of the existing shares
of €9 million and an impairment loss on intangible assets of €15 million. Addi-
tional expenses relate to impairment losses on the Chinese hair care brands
(€7 million). A small brand was discontinued.

3.08 RECONCILIATION TO EBIT EXCLUDING SPECIAL FACTORS
Jan. 1-Dec. 31

in € million in % of sales
Group
Operating result (EBIT) for 2012 698 11.6
Special factors included in the other operating result 37 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2012 735 12.2
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2011 646 11.5
Consumer
Operating result (EBIT) for 2012 569 11.3
Special factors included in the other operating result 37 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2012 606 12.0
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2011 537 11.4

The Beiersdorf Group’s results of operations are determined on the basis of the
operating result (EBIT) excluding special factors. This figure is not part of IFRSs
and should be treated merely as voluntary additional information. The special
factors listed are one-time, non-operating transactions that only affect the Con-
sumer business segment.

OPERATING RESULT (EBIT)
EBIT rose to €698 million (previous year: €431 million). This corresponds to an
EBIT margin of 11.6% (previous year: 7.7%).

FINANCIAL RESULT

The financial result amounted to €11 million (previous year: €9 million). The main
factors influencing performance in the previous year were gains from the sale of
securities that had largely been recognized in other comprehensive income as
of December 31, 2010. Net interest income and net income from investments im-
proved in the past fiscal year.

INCOME TAXES
Income taxes amounted to €258 million (previous year: €181 million). The tax
rate was 36.4% (previous year: 41.2%).

5.09 GROUP EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

587 699 646 735

2009 2010 2011 2012

510 GROUP PROFIT AFTER TAX (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

380 425. « 434.477

2009 2010 2011 2012



--- Page 25 ---

28

PROFIT AFTER TAX

Profit after tax increased to €451 million (previous year: €259 million); the
return on sales after tax was 7.5% (previous year: 4.6%). Excluding special fac-
tors, profit after tax amounted to €477 million (previous year: €434 million).
The corresponding return on sales after tax was 7.9% (previous year: 7.7%).

Results of Operations - Business Segments
CONSUMER

EARNINGS PER SHARE - DIVIDENDS

Earnings per share amounted to €1.95 (previous year: €1.10). Excluding special
factors, earnings per share amounted to €2.07 (previous year: €1.87). These fig-
ures were calculated on the basis of the weighted number of shares carrying
dividend rights (226,818,984). The Executive Board and Supervisory Board will
propose a dividend of €0.70 per share carrying dividend rights to the Annual
General Meeting (previous year: €0.70).

311 KEY FIGURES - CONSUMER BUSINESS SEGMENT

Jan. 1-Dec. 31

Europe Americas Africa/Asia/Australia Total
Sales 2012 Cin € million) 2,831 1,012 1,205 5,048
Sales 2011 Cin € million) 2,792 875 1,029 4,696
Change (organic) (in %) 0.6 12.6 9.9 49
Change (adjusted for currency translation effects) (in %) 0.6 12.6 9.9 49
Change (nominal) Cin %) 14 15.7 17.1 7.5
EBIT 2012* Cin € million) 514 57 35 606
EBIT margin 2012* Cin %) 18.1 5.6 2.9 12.0
EBIT 2011* Cin € million) 495 55 -13 537
EBIT margin 2011* Cin %) 17.7 6.3 71.2 11.4

“Excluding special factors (see reconciliation to EBIT excluding special factors in the section entitled “Result of Operations - Group").

Sales by the Consumer Business Segment grew by 4.9% in 2012. At current
exchange rates, sales increased by 7.5% to €5,048 million (previous year:
€4,696 million).

This extremely positive growth was influenced by various factors. The new cor-
porate strategy, manifested in the internal Blue Agenda program, showed con-
siderable signs of success in many markets. It aims to make Beiersdorf more
competitive and enhance its economic success. The success being sought can
already be clearly seen from the sharp rise in sales, in particular in the emerging
markets. Our three core brands - NIVEA, Eucerin, and La Prairie - all achieved
very encouraging growth rates.

In 2012, NIVEA (after adjustment for NIVEA Make-up sales from 2011) achieved
global growth of 6.4%. The key growth drivers were NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Body,
and NIVEA Shower. Particular successes were recorded by Invisible for Black &
White and the launch of Pure & Sensitive in the NIVEA Deo category, Repair &
Care and In Shower in the NIVEA Body category, and the launches of Powerfruit
and Pure Impact in the NIVEA Shower category. In contrast, sales of NIVEA Hair
were down on the prior-year level due to the streamlining of the product range.

Our Eucerin brand generated strong growth of 6.6%, with the launches of
Eucerin EVEN BRIGHTER and DermoCapillaire being particularly strong drivers.
Sales growth in Chile, Thailand, and Sweden was particularly strong.

312 CONSUMER SALES (IN € MILLION)

5,011 4,698 4,696 5,048

2009 2010 2011 2012

313 CONSUMER EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

558 599 537 606

2009 2010 2011 2012



--- Page 26 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Balance Sheet Structure, and Financial Position 29

In the exclusive cosmetics segment, our La Prairie brand recorded an increase in
sales of 6.1%. The Caviar Collection, which launched La Prairie Skin Caviar Liquid
Lift and the new La Prairie Cellular Power Charge Night, made an especially
large contribution to this growth. Sales growth in China, France, and the USA
was particularly strong.

EUROPE

Our plaster brands recorded sales growth of 2.8%. Healthy increases in sales
were achieved in Germany and Latin America in particular, while Western
Europe recorded declines in sales.

EBIT was €606 million (previous year: €537 million), while the EBIT margin rose
to 12.0% (previous year: 11.4%).

3:14 CONSUMER SALES IN EUROPE

Western Europe

Germany (excluding Germany) Eastern Europe Total
Sales 2012 «in € million) 713 1,507 611 2,831
Sales 2011 (in € million) 717 1,513 562 2,792
Change (organic) in %) -0.6 -1.8 8.7 0.6
Change (adjusted for currency translation effects) (in %) -0.6 -18 8.7 0.6
Change (nominal) in %) -0.6 -0.4 8.7 14

Europe recorded a slight increase, with sales in the region up 0.6% on the previ-
ous year. At current exchange rates, sales rose by 1.4% to €2,831 million (previ-
ous year: €2,792 million).

Sales of NIVEA in Germany were on a level with the previous year. In particular,
NIVEA Deo and NIVEA Shower recorded considerable sales growth. Sales of
NIVEA Sun declined due to the bad weather in the summer. Eucerin sales were
up slightly in comparison to the previous year. Our Hansaplast/Hansamed plas-
ter brands saw strong sales growth. Overall sales in Germany decreased slight-
ly in comparison to the previous year.

Sales in Western Europe (excluding Germany) were down 1.8% on the prior-year
figure. Alongside the streamlining of the product range in 2011, the effects of

the weakening economy and the associated deterioration in consumer senti-
ment were felt across large parts of Europe. By contrast, the United Kingdom
and Turkey turned in strong performances. Healthy sales growth was seen for
NIVEA Body and NIVEA Shower, while sales of Eucerin were on a level with the
previous year.

Sales in Eastern Europe grew by 8.7%. Russia, Poland, Ukraine and Serbia in
particular saw healthy sales growth. NIVEA Body, NIVEA Deo, and NIVEA Men
performed especially well in this region. In contrast, sales of NIVEA Baby
declined. Eucerin saw extremely strong growth.

EBIT in Europe was €514 million (previous year: €495 million), while the EBIT
margin increased to 18.1% (previous year: 17.7%).

3.15 CONSUMER SALES IN EUROPE (IN € MILLION)

3,236 «2,855 2,792 2,831

2009 2010 2011 2012

316 CONSUMER EBIT IN EUROPE (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

533 548 495 514

2009 2010 2011 2012



--- Page 27 ---

30

AMERICAS

3.17 CONSUMER SALES IN THE AMERICAS

North America Latin America Total
Sales 2012 Gnémilio) ”~<“~*é~SSC N”*~*~*« 1,012
Sales 2011 (in € million) 298 577 875
Change (organic) an) 27 177 12.6
Change (adjusted for currency translation effects) n®) 27 177 12.6
Change (nominal) an) 11.0 18.1 157

Sales in the Americas region rose by 12.6%. At current exchange rates, they
amounted to €1,012 million, up 15.7% on the previous year (€875 million).

Sales in North America were up 2.7% on the previous year. NIVEA Men and NIVEA
Face performed well, while NIVEA Shower was down on the previous year.

Eucerin further improved on its good prior-year sales.

AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA

Latin America saw sales growth of 17.7%, driven by excellent growth rates in
Brazil and strong increases in most other key markets. NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Show-
er, and NIVEA Men performed extremely well in this focus region. Eucerin also
saw very strong growth. Consumer EBIT in the Americas was €57 million (previ-

ous year: €55 million). The EBIT margin was 5.6% (previous year: 6.3%).

3.18 CONSUMER SALES IN AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA

Total

Sales 2012 (in € million) 1,205
Sales 2011 (in € million) 1,029
Change (organic) Cin %) 9.9
Change (adjusted for currency translation effects) (in %) 9.9
Change (nominal) Cin %) 171

The Africa/Asia/Australia region recorded a 9.9% increase in sales. At current
exchange rates, sales amounted to €1,205 million, an increase of 17.1% on the

previous year (€1,029 million).

The affiliates in India, Thailand, and South Africa performed particularly well in
this region. Sales growth was also encouraging in Japan. In line with planning,
sales in China were on a level with the previous year. Across the region as a

whole, NIVEA Body and NIVEA Deo in particular achieved very good growth
rates. Eucerin also saw extremely good growth. Our 8x4 brand performed well

in Japan.

EBIT in this region rose to €35 million (previous year: €-13 million), primarily as a
result of the improvement in our Chinese business. The EBIT margin increased to

2.9% (previous year: -1.2%).

3.19 CONSUMER SALES IN THE AMERICAS (IN € MILLION)

770 824 875 1,012

2009 2010 2011 2012

3.20 CONSUMER EBIT IN THE AMERICAS (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

14 61 55 57

2009 2010 2011 2012



--- Page 28 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Balance Sheet Structure, and Financial Position 31

tesa

321 KEY FIGURES - tesa BUSINESS SEGMENT

Europe Americas Africa/Asia/Australia Total
Sales 2012 Gnemilioy Ss=“‘éOUSO!O!!!!U!O!O!O!O!U~«s s”~<—*~*és*s~sésASSC‘“‘C OCCSC#‘#UOO
Sales 2011 (in € million) 622 118 197 937
Change (organic) (in %) -1.0 8.8 14.4 3.6
Change (adjusted for currency translation effects) (in %) -2.3 8.8 14.4 2.6
Change (nominal) Cin %) -1.9 15.4 24.5 5.8
EBIT 2012 (in € million) 51 21 57 129
EBIT margin 2012 Cin %) 8.4 15.5 23.1 13.0
EBIT 2011 (in € million) 43 19 47 109
EBIT margin 2011 Cin %) 6.8 16.4 23.9 11.6

Sales by the tesa Business Segment were up 3.6% on the previous year. At cur-
rent exchange rates, sales increased by 5.8% to €992 million (previous year:
€937 million). EBIT rose to €129 million (previous year: €109 million). The EBIT
margin was 13.0% (previous year: 11.6%).

tesa INDUSTRIAL SEGMENT

The industrial segment, which accounted for 76.6% of sales (previous year:
75.1%), again performed very well with sales growth of 3.9%. In nominal terms,
sales rose by 7.8% to €766 million (previous year: €711 million). Both the direct
customer business and the distribution business in all regions played a role in
this. Business was especially dynamic in Asia and the United States, with the
main growth drivers there again being the automotive and electronics indus-
tries.

In the electronics industry business, a new range of electrically conductive and
heat-dissipating adhesive tapes (including extra-thin versions) was a key source
of momentum. These additional features are becoming increasingly important,
because new generations of smartphones and other consumer electronics
devices involve a growing number of electronic loads. In addition, our custom-
er-specific foam and foil tapes, which are used to secure smartphone displays,
continued to be a major success.

We recorded strong growth in the US automotive industry in particular with
new versions of our non-woven and sleeve products for bundling and mounting
wire harnesses. A range of ready-made adhesive tape cut-outs for temporarily

covering brake disks was successfully introduced. These products are primarily
used by American and Asian automobile manufacturers to stop brakes from
getting dirty during vehicle transportation. Products for permanently sealing
production-related holes in the inside bodywork remained a key driver.

In the paper industry, new, water-soluble adhesive tapes that are calcium
carbonate-resistant were very well received. This chemical compound is in-
creasingly being used in paper production. It affects the adhesive strength and
elasticity of conventional adhesives and reduces the break resistance of the rolls
of paper. Primarily for the Japanese market, we launched a new version of the
successful EasySplice tape for magazine printing, which prevents the print
image being damaged by minuscule paper fibers.

We continued to set up our new Pharma business area by expanding our pro-
duction infrastructure in line with our planning. For example, we commissioned
anew facility for the secondary packaging of pharmaceutical plasters as well as
an SAP system that has been tailored to the new processes. The objective is to
be able to offer customers from the pharmaceutical industry an optimum ser-
vice from product development through manufacturing and packaging to deliv-
ery. We started additional contract development projects with well-known
customers. We granted a license to manufacture an additional medicated plas-
ter developed at our affiliate Labtec. Production validation runs were performed
without any problems. The way is now clear for the first marketable products to
be delivered in 2013.

3.22 CONSUMER SALES IN AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA (IN € MILLION)

1,005 1,019 1,029 1,205

2009 2010 2011 2012

325 CONSUMER EBIT IN AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

2010 2011
2009 2012



--- Page 29 ---

32

Our anti-counterfeiting and anti-tampering solutions business, which is bundled
in the tesa scribos business area, performed extremely well. The recently intro-
duced PrioSpot® brought us a large number of new customers. The successor to
our Holospot® technology contains a large number of new and above all clearly
visible authenticity features, which consumers can use to check the validity of
branded goods quickly and reliably. In addition to a well-known consumer elec-
tronics manufacturer, companies from the food industry such as producers of
Bordeaux wines recently started relying on PrioSpot® to protect their high-qual-
ity products and brands.

The Building Supply business area saw considerable growth in products based
on the new, patented ACX technology. Our main focus is on extra-durable, high-
performance bonding solutions for the building and construction industry.
Among other things, our customers use the ACX"* range for affixing decorative
glass in refrigerators, stiffening elements in elevators, and for panels during
window and door production. The adhesive tapes are weather-resistant. They
can be used for both long-term indoor and outdoor applications and simplify
the manufacturing process.

The introduction of the new ACX°"* products also boosted the distribution busi-
ness, which was hit hard by the euro and sovereign debt crisis. A new range of
particularly strong filament tapes, which permit heavy-duty bundling while re-
ducing materials usage, was also very well received.

tesa CONSUMER SEGMENT

The consumer products business, which is focused on Europe and Latin Ameri-
ca, performed positively to rise by 1.6%. Nominal sales rose by 2.6%, from €184
million in the previous year to €189 million. The area contributed 18.9% (previ-
ous year: 19.5%) of total sales by the tesa segment in the year under review.

We again increased our market share in many key product groups in our two
strategic business areas - home improvement solutions and products for the of-
fice supplies and stationery sector. Both product innovations and new market-
ing activities that are more strongly aimed at consumers in addition to specia-
list retailers contributed to this. We saw disproportionate growth in Eastern Eu-
rope, which allowed us to offset developments in Southern Europe, which was
affected by the euro and sovereign debt crisis. The launch of a range of consum-
er products on the Brazilian market aimed at reaching the rapidly growing mid-
dle class there with a customized offering generated additional momentum. We
also generated significant sales growth with our e-commerce partners.

Once again, the main growth drivers in the office supplies and stationery area
were the particularly environmentally friendly products marketed under the
EcoLogo sub-brand. These are produced from largely recycled and biologically
based raw materials and reflect the trend towards a sustainable lifestyle and
working environment. We expanded this successful approach to the home im-
provement range, where we made our mark with environmentally friendly dou-
ble-sided crepe, repair, and carpet tapes. A new, high-quality Powerstrips hook
range specifically targeting the sanitary area in combination with an innovative
marketing concept also met with considerable approval.

524 tesa SALES (IN € MILLION)

737 873 937 992

2009 2010 2011 2012

325 tesa EBIT (IN € MILLION)

29 100 109 129

2009 2010 2011 2012

3.26 CONSUMER SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/Australia
23.9

Europe
56.1

Americas
20.0

327 tesa SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/Australia
24.7

Europe

61.5
Americas
13.8



--- Page 30 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Balance Sheet Structure, and Financial Position 33

We convinced well-known strength athlete Patrick Baboumian to be our pro-
duct and brand ambassador in a marketing cooperation for our new range of
extra-strong fixing tapes. Baboumian, voted “Germany’s Strongest Man” in
2011, is also the star of a new television commercial, which has been broadcast
since November.

Balance Sheet Structure - Group

In addition, we continued our successful “Kleben Sie ein Zeichen!” campaign,
which was again very well received. This involved us giving grants to support
particularly meaningful private environmental projects, which were presented
on the Internet and chosen by consumers.

3.28 BALANCE SHEET STRUCTURE (IN € MILLION)

Assets Dec. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2012
Non-current assets 1,583 1,687
Inventories 699 734
Other current assets 2,052 2,320
Cash and cash equivalents 941 834

5,275 5,575
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2012
Equity 3,016 3,287
Non-current provisions 297 272
Non-current liabilities 157 175
Current provisions 527 506
Current liabilities 1,278 1,335

5,275 5,575

Non-current assets increased by €104 million as against the prior-year figure to
€1,687 million (previous year: €1,583 million). Long-term securities were reclas-
sified due to shorter maturities and new purchases were made. Capital expend-
iture amounted to €193 million (previous year: €86 million). Of this amount,
€148 million was attributable to the Consumer business segment (previous
year: €63 million) and €45 million to the tesa business segment (previous year:
€23 million). The increase is mainly attributable to investment in the new facto-
ry in Mexico as well as to the purchase of real estate used by Beiersdorf from the
plan assets of the company’s pension fund in Germany. In addition to this invest-
ment, there were additions to intangible assets in the amount of €36 million
from the acquisition of the shares in EBC (Turkey) previously held by a third par-
ty. Depreciation, amortization, and impairment losses amounted to €130 million
(previous year: €139 million). In addition, impairment losses of €15 million were

recognized on the goodwill of EBC (Turkey) and of €7 million on the Chinese hair
care brands. A small brand was discontinued. The impairment losses of €134 mil-
lion recognized in the previous year also included write-downs on the Chinese
hair care brands and on the goodwill for Beiersdorf Hair Care China. Inventories
increased to €734 million (previous year: €699 million). Other current assets
rose to €2,320 million (previous year: €2,052 million). This item includes short-
term securities of €926 million (previous year: €690 million*); the increase of
€236 million in comparison to the previous year was due to reclassifications of
long-term securities and to additional purchases. Trade receivables rose by
€45 million to €1,064 million (previous year: €1,019 million).

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €834 million (previous year: €941 mil-
lion).

3.29 FINANCING STRUCTURE (IN %)

57 9 34
20 ee
59 8 33
2012 |
mmm Equity Non-current liabilities mam Current liabilities

* The prior-year figure has been adjusted. See the disclosures in the section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements entitled “Changes in Accounting Policies”.


--- Page 31 ---

34

Net liquidity (cash and cash equivalents, and non-current and current securities,
less current liabilities to banks) increased to €2,436 million (previous year:
€2,222 million*). Current liabilities to banks were reduced by €63 million year-
on-year and amounted to €21 million (previous year: €84 million).

Financial Position - Group

At €447 million, non-current liabilities decreased by €7 million as against the
prior-year figure (€454 million). The €36 million increase in current liabilities to
€1,841 million (previous year: €1,805 million) resulted from the growth in trade
payables due to operational factors. The equity ratio was 59% (previous year:
57%). The share of non-current liabilities amounted to 8% (previous year: 9%)
and the share of current liabilities to 33% (previous year: 34%).

3.30 CASH FLOW STATEMENT - GROUP (IN € MILLION)

2011 2012
Gross cash flow 428 545
Change in working capital 17 -25
Net cash flow from operating activities 445 520
Net cash flow from investing activities -306 -382
Free cash flow 139 138
Net cash flow from financing activities -175 -243
Other changes 4 -2
Net change in cash and cash equivalents -32 -107
Cash and cash equivalents as of Jan. 1 973 941
Cash and cash equivalents as of Dec. 31 941 834

Gross cash flow amounted to €545 million in the year under review, up €117 mil-
lion on the prior-year value.

The change in working capital led to an outflow of €25 million (previous year:
inflow of €17 million). Trade payables increased by €90 million, while current
provisions and other liabilities increased by a total of €4 million. Receivables
and inventories increased by €111 million.

The net cash outflow from investing activities amounted to €382 million in the
year under review (previous year: €306 million). This includes funds in the
amount of €25 million to increase the shares held in EBC (Turkey) from 50% to
100%. Capital expenditure of €193 million for property, plant, and equipment,
and immaterial assets, as well as net payments of €234 million for the purchase
of securities were partially offset by €70 million in interest income and other
financial cash inflows.

Free cash flow amounted to €138 million, on a level with the previous year
(€139 million). Based on the dividend of €159 million paid by Beiersdorf AG, in-
terest and other financial cash outflows of €23 million, and higher net payments
to repay financial liabilities, the net cash outflow from financing activities
amounted to €243 million, €68 million above the prior-year level (previous year:
€175 million).

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €834 million (previous year: €941 mil-
lion).

FINANCING AND LIQUIDITY PROVISION

The primary goal of financial management at Beiersdorf is to safeguard liquidi-
ty. The type and volume of transactions are in line with the Group’s basic oper-
ating and financial business. Scenarios and rolling 12-month cash flow planning
are used to establish liquidity requirements.

The Group’s Economic Situation - Summary

For Beiersdorf, fiscal year 2012 was another year of realignment, particularly in
the Consumer Business Segment. The Group’s two business segments per-
formed extremely well. Both the Consumer Business Segment and the tesa
Business Segment recorded encouraging growth rates. Group sales amounted
to €6,040 million (previous year: €5,633 million). After adjustment for currency
translation effects, this figure was up 4.7% on 2011 sales on a like-for-like basis.
Group EBIT increased to €698 million (previous year: €431 million). After adjust-
ment for special factors, EBIT was €735 million (previous year: €646 million).
Excluding special factors, the EBIT margin was 12.2% (previous year: 11.5%).

In the Consumer segment, the new strategy manifested in the internal Blue
Agenda program showed the first fruits of success in many markets. It aims to
make Beiersdorf more competitive and enhance its economic success. The
healthy sales increase of 4.9% slightly exceeded the targets for fiscal 2012.
In line with planning, the results for fiscal year 2012 also increased.

The tesa Business Segment again recorded a positive trend in the past fiscal
year. tesa’s sales growth of 3.6% was on target and expectations were exceed-
ed slightly in some business areas - proof that tesa was able to further strength-
en its market position.

Judgments by Management

With the exception of the presentation of accrued interest under current finan-
cial assets, no accounting policies were applied and no related options were ex-
ercised in the consolidated financial statements that differ from those in prior
years and that, if applied or exercised differently, would have had a material ef-
fect on the results of operations, balance sheet structure, and financial position.
Information on the effects of the use of estimates, assumptions, and judgments
by management can be found in the notes to the consolidated financial state-
ments.

“The prior-year figure has been adjusted. See the disclosures in the section of the notes to the consolidated financial statements entitled “Changes in Accounting Policies”.


--- Page 32 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Balance Sheet Structure, and Financial Position 35

Research and Development

Research and Development

Intensive research is a consistent factor for Beiersdorf’s success - and has been
for more than 130 years.

The Consumer Business Segment develops innovative products that are tailored
to meet the wishes and needs of consumers worldwide and that are known for
their quality, effectiveness, and outstanding tolerability.

The innovative, high-quality self-adhesive system and product solutions that
tesa develops make it a world leader in its field.

965 people were employed in the Research and Development area worldwide at
the end of 2012 (previous year: 967), 528 (previous year: 564) of whom were in
the Consumer Business Segment and 437 (previous year: 403) in the tesa Busi-
ness Segment.

Consumer

FOCUS ON SKIN

Strategically expanding our globally leading skin care expertise is one focus of
our research and development work in the Consumer Business Segment.
Beiersdorf’s fundamental research approach can be described as “learning
from the skin for the skin”. In the course of this process, Beiersdorf's research-
ers decode the complex processes taking place in the skin. They develop an un-
derstanding of the metabolic processes from the individual skin cells right down
to the skin in its entirety as an organ, and develop efficient formulas with active
ingredients - both those found in the skin and those from other natural sources.

Beiersdorf also systematically enhances the existing successful products in its
core categories. For instance, the nature-identical ingredient gluco-glycerol -
first used by Beiersdorf for moisturizing care in 2010 - was incorporated into a
large number of NIVEA products in the form of Hydra 1Q. The Hydra IQ formulas
help keep skin moisturized from within. Continually enhancing innovations such
as Hydra IQ and expanding their use to all NIVEA Body Lotions, NIVEA Face Es-
sentials, and almost all NIVEA Shower product categories underscores Beiers-
dorf’s skin care expertise and is a good example of how products that are al-
ready on the market are consistently enhanced.

A key research focus addresses skin hypersensitivity - such as hyperreactive or
eczema-prone skin - which affects up to 25% of the population. Together with its

331 R&D EXPENSES (IN € MILLION)
(R&D = Research and Development)

149 152 163 159

2009 2010 2011 2012

university research partners, Beiersdorf is investigating how different skin layers
and skin cells communicate and how they affect each others’ metabolic pro-
cesses. Key findings about the interaction between nerve endings and skin cells
were produced for the first time with the aid of a new skin model. Biochemical
signals on the cells of the epidermis trigger excessive growth of nerve endings in
the skin, exacerbating the negative feedback loop between skin sensation and
skin irritation. This discovery is an important starting point for future product
generations.

SKIN EXPERTISE THANKS TO ANALYTICS

AND BIOENGINEERING

Skin Code Reader: A world first that is used in the Eucerin Skin Institute in Ham-
burg is the Skin Code Reader that was developed specially for Eucerin in close
cooperation with dermatologists. This uses ten parameters to determine con-
sumers’ individual skin condition (skin code). The detailed skin code then serves
as a basis for a unique, individually tailored care and treatment plan.

Research into skin biomarkers: New findings about the skin are also emerging
from the development and use of new analytical methods. The structure and
condition of the skin can be modeled precisely with the help of mass spectrom-
etry imaging (MALDI imaging MS). This recognizes characteristic substances -
biomarkers - whose presence and distribution within the skin can contribute to
the understanding of metabolic processes. Modeling biomarkers like these al-
lows new, highly focused approaches to be identified. As a result, the success of
new product concepts can be assessed directly.

THE SKIN'S BIOLOGICAL CLOCK

Skin is not just a vital organ, but also one of the most versatile. On the one hand,
it has representative, communicative, and sensory functions, while on the oth-
er, it forms a barrier against germs and helps keep conditions for other impor-
tant systems in the body constant in the face of frequently changing environ-
mental influences. Challenges such as heat, cold, sunlight, or moisture have very
different effects on skin depending on the time of day.

In cooperation with Charité Universitatsmedizin Berlin, Beiersdorf’s researchers
discovered and demonstrated that the human epidermis also has a biological
clock that steers the exact timing of repair and regeneration processes in the
skin.

The new findings open up the prospects of interesting approaches for both
medicine and skin research. The ability to prove for the first time that the pro-
cesses in the skin follow a specific rhythm is important, for example, when it
comes to optimizing the ingredients in skin care products. It means that prod-
uct application recommendations can be developed that reflect varying skin
care needs depending on the time of day and the skin’s individual biorhythms.
Synchronizing skin care with people’s biological clocks offers the opportunity to
improve many important skin functions as well as their complexions and
appearances. At the same time, care can be tailored to the many factors influ-
encing modern lifestyles.

OPEN INNOVATION AT BEIERSDORF

Two years after its launch, the award-winning “Pearlfinder” open innovation
initiative has become a regular source of innovative ideas at Beiersdorf. The
platform enables open, trust-based communication with external innovation
partners. The objective is to further enhance the company’s innovation power -
a recipe for success that Beiersdorf has been following since it was founded in


--- Page 33 ---

36

1882. The number of companies, research institutes and universities, individual
scientists, and inventors on the “Pearlfinder” Web platform has increased con-
stantly since its launch. Feedback from these external partners has been very
positive thanks to their transparent involvement at an early stage in research
and development for new products and packaging. In addition, the protected
environment offered by “Pearlfinder” for external partners to submit their sug-
gestions is a key factor in its success. The contact with new innovation partners
is extremely helpful for Beiersdorf since it permits the identification of ideas
being pursued in current research and development projects. The “Pearlfinder®
offering for partners is continually being expanded. For instance, the aim is to
allow them in the future to contribute their own ideas and solutions
independently of Beiersdorf specific issues. Further information on “Pearl-
finder” can be found at HTTP://PEARLFINDER.BEIERSDORF.COM.

FOCUS ON CONSUMER NEEDS

Beiersdorf tests all of its products on two levels that are key to market success:
On the one hand, consumers need to be involved at an early stage so as to es-
tablish their needs. On the other hand, all products are tested using the latest
scientific methods to ensure that they are both safe and as effective as possible.

The company has been researching consumer behavior for over ten years now
using modern market research methods, as well as observing how consumers
use products and systematically analyzing cosmetic markets around the world.
The resulting data serves as the basis for developing new products and adapt-
ing them to meet regional conditions and requirements. The top priority for
Beiersdorf’s researchers is to fulfill consumers’ wishes and needs.

All Beiersdorf products are subject to rigorous product application tests. Every
year, over 2,500 studies involving more than 45,000 participants are conducted
to demonstrate and document the effectiveness of, for example, anti-aging cos-
metics. Beiersdorf is currently assisted in this by 40 external institutes around the
world in Europe, Brazil, India, China, South Africa, and the USA. Only scientifically
established methods are used, from study design and participant selection down
to data analysis.

INNOVATIONS

The Consumer Business Segment applied for patents for 87 innovations in fiscal
year 2012 (previous year: 81). Beiersdorf launches a constant stream of attrac-
tive new products on the market. Key launches in the period under review
included the following:

© Concentrations of Q10 and creatine in the skin decline with age. NIVEA Q10
plus and NIVEA Body Q10 Firming Lotion are tried and trusted formulas that
we are continually enhancing and adapting to meet consumer needs. The
product range for the face, which comprises moisturizing day cream, serum,
night cream, and products for the eyes, increases the concentration of Q10
and creatine, combating wrinkles from within. Creatine is the perfect partner
for Q10; it stores energy and releases it as needed.

© NIVEA MEN Q10 Energy After Shave Lotion from the revamped NIVEA MEN Q10
series makes the proven Q10 and creatine energy system available to men
using optimized formula systems. The formula with Q10 combats dwindling
energy supplies in the mitochondria of men’s skin over time, while the formu-
la with creatine delivers energy to the skin straight away. All products in the
Skin Energy series also moisturize the skin, making it look fresher and provid-
ing optimal care for men’s stressed skin during and after shaving.

© NIVEA MEN Energy After Shave Lotion with taurine, a natural source of energy,
and the antioxidant vitamin E offers effective protection against damage to
the skin from radicals. The lotion is absorbed quickly and calms and protects
the skin.

© The NIVEA Hair Care & Styling relaunch improved the positioning of these
proven products, which protect, add body to, and care for different hair
types. The composition of the formulas and the effectiveness of the care and
styling ranges were enhanced further. Consumer tests confirmed the im-
proved performance of the shampoos and conditioners as well as the hold
and volume offered by the styling products.

© Eucerin EVEN BRIGHTER, the first comprehensive care range for hyperpig-
mentation by Eucerin available in pharmacies, reduces pigmentation marks
using the cosmetic ingredient B-Resorcinol and restores a more even skin
tone after four to 12 weeks. B-Resorcinol addressed the problem of
melanin production at source, so that dark spots fade over time. The produc-
tion of melanin is limited and dark spots are significantly reduced. This effect
steadily improves the complexion when the products are used regularly.

© Eucerin DermoCapillaire is a full-range scalp and hair care program. The care
series offers products that restore the scalp's healthy balance and provide
dedicated treatments for common problems. The combination of leave-on
scalp treatment and shampoo reduces microinflammations, promotes
healthy hair growth, and cares for the hair. The special combinations of ingre-
dients in the various products solve problems such as sensitive scalps,
itching, and scaling.

The La Prairie Group in Zurich, Switzerland, expanded its Advanced Marine
Biology Collection to include three new products: Foaming Mousse Cleanser,
Revitalizing Emulsion, and Eye Gel. The collection’s ingredients are sourced on
land from aquacultures in a scientifically controlled seawater environment. All of
the products in the collection contain La Prairie’s exclusive Cellular Complex,
which stimulates the skin’s own regeneration process and optimally supports its
functions.

Skin Caviar Liquid Lift is a new anti-aging serum. With its high concentration of
caviar extract, the product firms and contours the skin. This process is support-
ed by the firming effect of a heteropolysaccharide and an advanced tripeptide,
which helps to prevent fine lines and smile and frown lines. In addition, a new
pentapeptide promotes the healthy balance of the epidermis. A modern pump
dispenser correctly mixes the ingredients immediately before application, guar-
anteeing their stability.

In the Cellular Power Charge Night product, La Prairie’s scientists have com-
bined Cellular Power Infusion technology with an effective anti-aging ingredient
- micro-encapsulated retinol - and added a revitalizing shot of oxygen. Lack of
oxygen in the skin is one of the main causes of lines, wrinkles, and declining vi-
tality. Moreover, increasing the oxygen supply promotes epidermal cell regener-
ation. The structure of the skin appears finer, brighter, and more radiant overall.
In addition, Swiss snow algae serve to protect the skin cells and strengthen the
skin's natural regenerative power.


--- Page 34 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Research and Development
Sustainability

tesa

SOLVENT-FREE MANUFACTURING PROCESSES FOR
STRUCTURAL BONDS

One focus of our development work is on continually enhancing solvent-free
technologies for manufacturing double-sided adhesive tapes for particularly
resilient long-term bonds in the construction area. The manufacturing process-
es and the composition of the high-performance adhesive tapes have been
changed to facilitate strong, permanent bonding even at extreme tempera-
tures. For example, innovative prototypes that also stick firmly and permanent-
ly to the special dirt- and adhesive-repellent paints used in the automotive
industry were manufactured on the pilot production lines at the research and
development center in Hamburg.

INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES FOR SPECIAL PRODUCTS

tesa has also developed new adhesive films for industrial uses that can replace
liquid adhesives, which are much more difficult to handle. For example, tesa’s
heat-activated adhesive films, which harden when subjected to heat, are already
being used for high-performance bonding in the electrical industry. tesa has
also developed additional heat-activated products for bonding temperature-
sensitive plastics and coated metals for the new generations of smartphones
and tablet PCs. The advantage of these innovative products is that they cure
even at extremely low processing temperatures.

BROAD RAW MATERIALS BASE FOR THE CORE RANGE

Given ongoing high raw materials prices, securing and diversifying the raw
materials used in its core product range is a constant goal of precursor and
intermediate product development at tesa. Raw material sourcing can be
globalized and diversified using modular material concepts and easily manage-
able manufacturing processes as well as the increasing integration of renewable
and recycled raw materials. This means that competitive alternatives are imme-
diately available if a particular supplier is no longer available. This applies to
both adhesive masses and carrier layers made of films, paper, and tissue. For
example, tesa has developed carrier films for single- and double-sided tapes
based on polylactic acid from renewable sources.

For more information on Research and Development at Beiersdorf please visit
WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/RESEARCH.

Sustainability

Beiersdorf has always defined its responsibility as a company in three ways:
long-term economic success, environmental protection, and corporate social
responsibility. Sustainability is an integral part of our corporate culture and our
business activities and is therefore firmly established in all of Beiersdorf’s busi-
ness processes. Growing consumer demand for sustainable products, produc-
tion processes, and supply chains makes acting in a resource-friendly and so-
cially responsible way an important success factor. A large number of projects
and activities in 2012 demonstrate the importance that Beiersdorf places on an
integrated approach to its business activities.

Consumer

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY

The “We care.” sustainability strategy that Beiersdorf developed in 2011 focus-
es on three fields of activity: “Products”, “Planet”, and “People.” Beiersdorf has
defined clear, long-term objectives for each core area of activity; by 2020:

37

© 50% of its sales will be from products with a significantly reduced environ-
mental impact (base year 2011)

© CO, emissions will have been reduced by 30% per product sold (base year
2005)

© weaim to reach and improve the lives of one million families (base year 2013)

The focus in 2012 was on rolling out the strategy throughout the company and
on launching pilot projects that point the way to achieving our objectives. There
are also many positive examples - including from affiliates - of Beiersdorf’s
ongoing commitment to sustainability.

PRODUCTS

Beiersdorf has launched a Group-wide project to perform systematic product
life cycle assessments with the aim of better documenting product sustainabil-
ity effects and integrating the findings even more effectively into the innovation
process. Beiersdorf also continued its drive to reduce packaging material: for
example, material usage for the new NIVEA Body products has been decreased,
saving significant amounts of packaging material. In addition, the packaging
shape was optimized so that more products are transported per pallet, signifi-
cantly reducing CO, emissions.

PLANET

In 2012, Beiersdorf started designing a company-wide system for managing its
sustainability performance, so as to ensure that sustainability activities are
planned in and performed during all business processes.

The company also expanded its activities in the resource efficiency area. For ex-
ample, combined heat and power plants were commissioned at the company’s
Hamburg location and additional energy efficiency measures were implemented
in its research center. These measures cut CO, emissions.

From the beginning of 2013, Beiersdorf AG has implemented a Green Car Policy,
which specifies concrete CO, emissions limits for all company cars, from the
sales team to the Executive Board. These limits - which are strict in comparison
to those in force at other companies - highlight how important sustainability is
for Beiersdorf.

Beiersdorf is also aiming at least for a LEED gold certificate for the new produc-
tion center it is planning in Mexico. LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environ-
mental Design) is an internationally recognized system for classifying sustaina-
ble buildings that meet certain ecological conditions, particularly with respect
to their construction and operation. The new plant will emit considerably less
carbon dioxide and use significantly less water than comparable structures.

PEOPLE

ESMAS, the global Environmental Protection and Safety Management Audit
Scheme, was expanded in the year under review. The audited companies now
have the opportunity for continuous further development in the form of self-
audits. Beiersdorf Manufacturing Berlin is one of the first production centers to
successfully implement the new system in ongoing communication on the
topics of environmental protection and occupational safety.

The company has also made progress in maintaining the physical and psycho-
logical wellbeing of all employees - something that is essential for successful


--- Page 35 ---

38

and meaningful work. For example, Beiersdorf Manufacturing Hamburg (BMH)
launched the GO BMH health campaign in 2011 as part of its BMH Strategy 2015.
Its objective is to boost employees’ health and performance in the long term. In
the pilot project “GO-Kompakt”, employees were given a day off for a thorough
check-up by the company medical service, and were taught about important
health-related topics such as nutrition when working shifts and relaxation
techniques. This was followed up by another health exam after six or 12 months.
Beiersdorf has also developed an extensive package of measures to maintain
employees’ psychological health. This includes a cooperation agreement with
a behavioral therapy facility, management seminars to prevent burnout, and
establishing a reintegration management system.

Diversity is a very important topic in a global company. This is why Beiersdorf
signed the “Diversity Charter” in 2012. This initiative aims to promote the recog-
nition, appreciation, and integration of diversity in German corporate culture.
The company has also appointed a diversity manager who reports directly to
the Chairman of the Executive Board. Beiersdorf is making an important contri-
bution to improving employees’ work-life balance by expanding the day care
center at its Hamburg location. This provides comprehensive care for both em-
ployees’ children and children from the neighborhood.

As part of its corporate social responsibility (CSR) commitment, Beiersdorf
supports projects that deliver strong local benefits and that have a long-term
focus. Together with Plan International, Beiersdorf has reached more than 25,000
children and their families with its 15 projects. Since social commitment works
from the inside out, Beiersdorf actively involves its employees in its CSR initia-
tives. At the moment, the company is developing a volunteering concept that will
allow employees to actively contribute to Beiersdorf’s CSR activities at a person-
al level. This will increase motivation during day-to-day working, boost identifi-
cation with the company, and make a social contribution at the same time.

To ensure its sustainability strategy can be successfully implemented and its
ambitious targets achieved, Beiersdorf is showing its employees what sustaina-
bility means for them both privately and professionally, how they benefit from
this, and what they can actively do to contribute. To achieve this, a Group-wide
employee campaign focusing on three pillars - “inform”, “involve”, and “inspire”
- was started in 2012. Beiersdorf firmly believes that the company can only

become more sustainable with the help of its employees.

Additional information can be found at wwW.BEIERSDORF.COM/SUSTAINABILITY

tesa

HIGH LEVEL OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

tesa made significant progress in implementing its global five-year environ-
mental program (2007 to 2012) in 2012. It achieved the ambitious environmen-
tal objectives it set itself - such as reducing VOC (volatile organic compound)
emissions and solvents, saving energy, and reducing waste and CO, emissions.
For example, the business segment’s global energy consumption fell.

In the occupational safety area, tesa maintained its very low number of work-
related accidents in comparison to the rest of the sector. Key factors contribut-
ing to this include regular inspections of the facilities, harmonizing safety stand-
ards, on-site training, and enabling technical managers and safety specialists to
swap experiences on an international level.

SPONSORSHIP OF UNESCO BIOSPHERE RESERVE

In the year under review, tesa intensified the long-term partnership with the
UNESCO biosphere reserve in Lower Saxony's Elbe valley that it entered into in
2011. tesa employees can take part in a variety of activities, all of which contrib-
ute to maintaining this highly biodiverse, environmentally sensitive floodplain
landscape. After the initial planting initiative last year, more teams of employees
got involved in corporate volunteering initiatives in 2012, planting a total of 750
oak seedlings.

Following its resounding success in the previous year, the “Kleben Sie ein
Zeichen!” competition entered its second round in 2012. A total of €50,000 is
being used to finance projects designed to improve the environment on a local
and regional level that have been founded by members of the public in Germa-
ny and Austria. Additional communication activities allowed us to reach even
more people than in the previous year and encourage them to take part. A total
of 122 associations, schools, kindergartens, initiatives, and private individuals
from Germany and Austria submitted applications for nature conservancy, envi-
ronmental protection, and resource conservation projects. A large number of
consumers voted for their favorite projects at wwW.ZEICHEN-KLEBEN.DE and
selected the 11 winners.

SUCCESSFUL COOPERATION IN SOCIAL PROJECTS

In 2012, tesa also took part in a large number of projects that meet the criteria
laid down in its “tesa Corporate Giving Policy”. The company focused mainly on
helping disadvantaged children and young people by providing donations and
sponsorship, and by doing voluntary work. To ensure a long-term approach, the
previous year’s activities were continued and expanded. Employees again took
part in the “Das macht Schule eV.” initiative in 2012. This association brings
together schools and companies in school renovation and organization projects
that are then implemented by schoolchildren and teachers together with
employees from the companies involved.

Employees at tesa’s affiliate in Poland support the Center for Deaf Children in
Poznan. In 2012, they paid for books and films for the Center’s library and donat-
ed beanbag chairs. tesa employees in France took part in the “Heroes Race”
(Course des Héros) for the third time. As well as the athletic challenge, their aim
was to attract additional supporters and collect donations. tesa France donated
the money raised to the “Fondation Mouvement pour les Villages d’Enfants”,
which provides new homes for children from difficult family backgrounds.

All tesa’s activities are documented in an annual report that is available at
WWW.TESA.COM/RESPONSIBILITY.


--- Page 36 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Sustainability
Employees

Employees

SUCCESSFUL TOGETHER

The Beiersdorf Group employed 16,605 people worldwide at the end of 2012
(previous year: 17,666). Of this figure, 5,697 (previous year: 5,889) or 34% (pre-
vious year: 33%) were employed in Germany. At the end of the fiscal year, 12,811
people worked in the Consumer Business Segment (previous year: 13,871). The
tesa Business Segment accounted for 3,794 employees (previous year: 3,795).

Consumer

MANAGING CHANGES IN THE WORKPLACE

Employees are vital factors in corporate success. They manage strong brands,
develop innovations, and enthuse consumers. This is how sustainable success is
created. The Human Resources department's future-oriented activities support
the company’s development and strategy. The department analyzes trends in
the workplace and the wider world, and provides the framework needed to
maintain Beiersdorf’s positioning as one of the most attractive employers in the
consumer goods industry.

The global labor markets of tomorrow are subject to a number of megatrends
that are leading to significant changes in the workplace. As in most industrial-
ized countries, the population in Germany is aging as a result of demographic
change, and even initial emerging markets - such as China - are affected by this
trend. This also has implications for workforce age structures in companies,
which must adapt to these changes well in advance. At the same time, continu-
ing globalization is being accompanied by increasing mobility - especially of
highly qualified employees. This megatrend is creating both opportunities and
challenges for international companies such as Beiersdorf. More than ever,
Beiersdorf needs employees who can move between countries, cultures, and
languages. It has to position itself as an in-demand employer in order to attract
these high potentials. This is the only way to develop innovative products for
different markets and leverage opportunities around the world even more
effectively. In addition, achieving a healthy work-life balance is becoming in-
creasingly important. Providing flexible employment opportunities for highly
qualified employees throughout all stages of their lives gives companies a com-
petitive advantage. Beiersdorf supports this flexibility in particular by offering
part-time working models that reconcile individual needs with the requirements
of our business operations to a significant extent.

39

Beiersdorf’s human resources activities address these and other workplace
changes, taking a far-sighted approach for the benefit of both the company and
its employees. Responsible cooperation is an essential element of long-term
corporate success.

ENABLING HIGH PERFORMANCE

Beiersdorf is one of the most attractive employers in the consumer goods in-
dustry, and it intends to consolidate and expand this position using a blueprint
for the period up to 2015 developed by the Human Resources department. This
is derived from the company’s “Blue Agenda” - the strategic compass for all of
Beiersdorf’s corporate activities in the coming years. The human resources
strategy is based on three pillars, which are applicable all over the world:

© develop world-class, diverse talent at all levels

© drive the right core competencies within the organization

© create a motivating, high-performance working environment

Beiersdorf aims to use its employees’ skills and potential to optimally meet
workplace requirements. In addition, it specifically fosters motivation and a
performance-driven culture.

Key Human Resources department activities in fiscal year 2012 included the in-
troduction of the new performance management process plus the new “Pay-
for-Performance” compensation system. The number one priority was to plan
thoroughly and far-sightedly for these changes, as well as to rapidly and relia-
bly implement the measures. Ensuring that we have the right people with
the right skills and abilities in the right place at the right time is the only way to
successfully implement the Consumer business strategy “Focus on Skin Care.
Closer to Markets.”

FOSTERING MOTIVATION AND A PERFORMANCE-DRIVEN
CULTURE

The new performance management process is designed to foster a more per-
formance-driven corporate culture. Making performance transparent, evaluat-
ing it fairly, and rewarding it appropriately are vital here. The criteria necessary
to do this - the core competencies and criteria for measuring potential - were
established in 2011. The new performance management process is directly
linked to a new compensation system: “Pay for Performance” means remunera-
tion is fair and aligned with performance. Beiersdorf is also focusing more

3.32 GROUP EMPLOYEES
as of Dec. 31

20,346 19,128 17,666 16,605

2009 2010 2011 2012

3.53 EMPLOYEES BY REGION (IN %)
as of Dec. 31, 2012; total 16,605 employees

Africa/Asia/Australia

28.1
Europe
59.3
Americas
12.6



--- Page 37 ---

40

strongly on employee development, taking individual abilities into account. The
principles behind this are the ability to work independently as well as a high lev-
el of motivation and initiative. The process is flanked by frank, open dialog in an
atmosphere of mutual trust - part of Beiersdorf’s corporate culture. Regular,
honest feedback aims to ensure that every single member of the Beiersdorf
team continues to develop on an ongoing basis and continuously improves their
performance.

HUMAN RESOURCES IS THE BASIS FOR CORPORATE SUCCESS

The Human Resources department's new performance management activities
and pay-for-performance process strengthen and foster the performance-driv-
en approach taken by all Beiersdorf employees, and hence the company’s suc-
cess worldwide. Another important strategic human resources planning tool is
optimized succession management. This tracks employee potential, recognizes
the need for supplementary recruitment, serves as an early warning system for
critical positions, and ensures employees have the qualifications they need. The
Human Resources department’s tasks also include supporting managers in
managing and developing their teams. Here, too, continuous professional de-
velopment and lifelong learning, which are incorporated seamlessly into the In-
tegrated Talent Management program, are a given. Beiersdorf offers a wide
range of opportunities to develop professional and personal skills, from on-the-
job training programs through ab initio and continuing professional develop-
ment courses in specialist subjects down to management training. Employee
qualifications are crucial to Beiersdorf’s competitive ability - particularly since
changes in the company’s environment are making internal changes necessary.

tesa

PLANNING STARTED FOR NEW tesa HEADQUARTERS

tesa started with the construction of a new headquarters complex including a
research and development center. Relocation is scheduled for 2015. Organiza-
tional preparations for these changes, which will affect around 800 employees,
began in the year under review. The focus was on capacity planning and on the
communications, planning, and discussion processes with the governing bodies
involved in codetermination and with employees relating to the design of the
future working environment.

NEW CONCEPT FOR EMPLOYEE DIALOG

Managers at tesa hold employee reviews once a year. The concept for these re-
views was redesigned in 2012 in order to enhance tesa’s open corporate culture
in line with its Strategy 2015, to further improve the working atmosphere
through cooperation based on mutual respect, and to foster the expansion of a
strong leadership culture. The new concept promotes dialog between employ-
ees and managers. It decouples the review from the assessment of employees’
variable salary components and focuses on mutual, open, and constructive
feedback. This creates more transparency for employees as to how their abili-
ties and prospects are seen. Presentations and workshops were used to train
both managers and employees in how to use the new dialog concept.

MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM 2

tesa has developed and launched a second international management develop-
ment program in cooperation with Northern Institute of Technology, and is
aimed at experienced managers. The goal is to provide support for implement-
ing tesa’s new strategy. Key themes include intensifying international and cross-
functional cooperation as well as expanding knowledge of major current and fu-
ture markets for tesa. The program has a modular structure and reflects the
tasks performed by managers. Senior management is actively involved in de-
signing the content. The first 15 managers completed the program in November
2012.

Risk

Integrated Risk and Opportunity Management
Entrepreneurial success cannot be achieved without consciously taking risks.
Risk management helps us to master the risks associated with the strategic ob-
jectives of the business and to maximize our strategic potential. Regular strate-
gy reviews ensure that opportunities and risks are reasonably balanced. We in-
cur risks only if there is a corresponding opportunity for an appropriate increase
in value and if they can be managed using established methods and measures
within our organization.

Report

Risk management is an integral part of central and local planning, management,
and control processes, and conforms to consistent standards across the Group.
Our open communications policy, the risk inventory carried out at regular inter-
vals, and the planning and management system ensure that our risk situation is
presented transparently. Risk management is coordinated at Group headquar-
ters.

Accounting-related Internal Control System

An accounting-related internal control system is used to ensure the correctness
of the bookkeeping and accounting as well as the reliability of the financial re-
porting in the consolidated financial statements and the Group Management
Report. This integral element of the consolidated accounting process compris-
es preventive, monitoring, and detective measures designed to ensure security
and control in accounting and the operational functions. The security measures
embedded in the organizational structure and workflows are intended to pre-
vent errors, while the controls aim to reduce the probability of errors occurring
during processes and to discover any errors that are made. Among other things,
the measures include the separation of functions, manual and IT-based approv-
al processes such as dual controls, IT checks, access restrictions and authoriza-
tion concepts for the IT system, and systems-based processes for handling
Group accounting data. Procedural instructions, standardized reporting for-
mats, and IT-based reporting and consolidation processes support Group ac-
counting and financial reporting for the companies included in the consolidated
financial statements.

Shared service centers provide uniform processing of the core accounting pro-
cesses at Beiersdorf AG and its European affiliates. The basic principles and
processes and the reporting structure for Group accounting are documented in
an accounting and financial control manual and a risk management manual.
Legislation, accounting standards, and pronouncements are analyzed for their
relevance and impact and taken into account as necessary.

Independent Monitoring

Our Internal Audit department monitors risk management and compliance with
the internal control system by means of systematic audits. The department is in-
dependent of the Group’s operating activities, and regularly reviews our busi-
ness processes and the systems and controls we have put in place. In addition,
the external auditors audit the risk early warning and monitoring system. They
regularly report their audit findings to the Supervisory Board and in particular
to its Audit Committee (before December 2012 to the Finance Committee).


--- Page 38 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Employees
Risk Report

Our Risk Profile

STRATEGIC AND SECTOR-SPECIFIC RISKS

Maintaining and increasing the value of our major consumer brands with their
broad appeal is of central importance for Beiersdorf’s business development.
We have geared our risk management system towards protecting the value of
our brands. Our compliance with high standards of product quality and safety is
the basis for our consumers’ continued trust in our brands. We therefore per-
form in-depth safety assessments, which take into account consumer feedback
on earlier products, when developing new products. Our products are subject
to the strict criteria of our quality management system throughout the entire
procurement, production, and distribution process.

Innovations based on strong research and development are a precondition for
consumer acceptance of our products, and for the latter’s appeal. Prudent
brand management captures consumer trends as well as the results of in-depth
market and competitive analyses, and at the same time ensures that the brand's
core remains intact and is carefully enhanced.

Strong brands that balance innovation and continuity are our response to fierce
global competition on price, quality, and innovation. We have laid the ground-
work for identifying consumer wishes and reflecting them in the products we
develop even faster by developing and implementing the “Consumer Insights”
process. This also counteracts the growing retail concentration and the region-
al emergence of private label products.

Expertise-based brands require a high degree of upfront investment in innova-
tion and marketing. The continuous expansion of our trademark and patent
portfolio therefore plays a key role. In particular, the systematic registration and
enforcement of our intellectual property rights prevents imitations and coun-
terfeiting of our products, and thus helps safeguard and further increase the
earnings potential previously created.

SUPPLY CHAIN AND IT RISKS

We counter procurement risks relating to the availability and price of raw mate-
rials, merchandise, and services by continuously monitoring our markets and
suppliers and ensuring active management of our supplier portfolio, as well as
appropriate contract management. Procurement strategies are reviewed regu-
larly and adjusted to reflect internal and external requirements. We counter
compliance risks by providing clear management structures and through effi-
cient organizational measures. Occupational safety, environmental, and busi-
ness interruption risks in our production and logistics activities are minimized
by process control checks and location-specific audits. We minimize risks
relating to the availability, reliability, and efficiency of our IT systems through
continuous monitoring and improvements, as well as by establishing a continu-
ity management system that is an integrated part of our IT operations. We
counter selected risks by transferring them to insurance companies.

Cooperation and contacts with universities enable us to build early links to qual-
ified new employees, for whom we have special trainee programs to prepare
them for a career at Beiersdorf. Our uniform global talent management process
identifies and develops talented specialists and management personnel at all
levels and supports the appointment of qualified staff in key positions through-
out the company as these become vacant.

41

FINANCIAL RISKS

We counter the risk of bad debts through detailed monitoring of our customer
relationships, active receivables management, and the selective use of trade
credit insurance.

Currency, interest rate, and liquidity risks are subject to active treasury manage-
ment based on global guidelines. They are managed and hedged centrally to a
very large extent, whereby the specific requirements for the organizational
separation of the trading, settlement, and controlling functions are taken into
account. Derivative financial instruments serve primarily to hedge operational
activities and financial transactions essential to the business. They do not
expose the Group to any material additional risks.

We limit currency risks from intragroup deliveries of goods and services using
currency forwards. Generally, 75% of forecasted annual net cash flows are
hedged (cash flow hedges on forecasted transactions). Currency risks from
cross-border intragroup financing are generally hedged in the market by the
central treasury department using currency forwards.

Potential default risks relating to the investment of the Group’s liquid funds are
limited by only making investments with defined, reliable counterparties. Coun-
terparty risk is monitored on the basis of ratings and the counterparties’ liable
capital as well as continuously updated risk indicators. These parameters are
used to determine maximum amounts for investments with partner banks and
securities issuers (counterparty limits), which are compared regularly with the
investments actually made throughout the Group. Given the developments on
the capital markets, we have invested the majority of our liquidity in low-risk
investments (such as government/corporate bonds and Pfandbriefe).

We use liquidity concentration methods and tools at our affiliates in order to op-
timally manage our investments. Appropriate systems ensure we have transpar-
ency concerning our affiliates’ remaining funds. Positive balances are registered
with central counterparty risk management. Our financial risk management is
characterized by the clear allocation of responsibilities, central rules for limiting
financial risks as a matter of principle, and the conscious alignment of the instru-
ments deployed with the requirements of our business activities.

Along with other companies, affiliates of the Beiersdorf Group in Belgium and
France are involved in antitrust proceedings relating to cosmetics products ona
national level. Statements of objections have now been issued in Belgium. To
the extent that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is likely
to be required to settle these obligations, provisions were established for the
pending antitrust proceedings in the amount of the best estimate of the settle-
ment value. However, no conclusive assessment of the risk from the Group
perspective is possible at present. The proceedings in Germany have now been
settled.

SUMMARY OF THE GROUP’S RISK SITUATION
Based on our current assessment, the Beiersdorf Group is not exposed to any
risks that could endanger its continued existence.


--- Page 39 ---

42

Report by the Executive
Board on Dealings among
Group Companies

In accordance with § 312 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG),
the Executive Board has issued a report on dealings among Group companies
which contains the following concluding declaration: “According to the circum-
stances known to us at the time the transactions were executed, or measures
were implemented or omitted, Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft received appro-
priate consideration for every transaction and has not been disadvantaged by
the implementation or omission of any measures.”

Report on Post-Balance
Sheet Date Events

No significant events occurred after the end of the fiscal year.

Disclosures Required
by Takeover Law

The disclosures required under § 315 (4) Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commer-
cial Code, HGB) are presented below.

Please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the disclo-
sures on the composition of the subscribed capital and the disclosures on direct
or indirect interests in the share capital exceeding 10% of the voting rights.
In addition to this Michael Herz, Germany, informed the Executive Board that
further shares in Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft are attributable to him and that
he directly holds shares in Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft. In total, the share of
voting rights held by Michael Herz in Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft amounts to
60.46% (including 9.99% own shares held by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft,
which do not carry voting or dividend rights).

The appointment and removal from office of members of the Executive Board
are governed by §§ 84 and 85 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act,
AktG), § 31 Mitbestimmungsgesetz (German Co-Determination Act, MitbestG),
and § 7 of the Articles of Association. In accordance with § 7 of the Articles of
Association, the Executive Board consists of at least three persons; apart from
this provision, the Supervisory Board determines the number of members of the
Executive Board. The Articles of Association may be amended in accordance
with $§ 179 and 133 AktG and with § 16 of the Articles of Association. Under § 16
of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board is authorized to resolve
amendments and additions to the Articles of Association that concern the lat-
ter’s wording only. Under § 5 (6) of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory
Board is authorized in particular to amend and reformulate § 5 of the Articles of
Association (Share Capital) following each utilization of authorized or contin-
gent capital.

The Annual General Meeting on April 29, 2010, authorized the Executive Board,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to increase the share capital in the
period until April 28, 2015, by up to a total of €92 million (Authorized Capital |:
€42 million; Authorized Capital II: €25 million; Authorized Capital Ill: €25 mil-
lion) by issuing new no-par-value bearer shares on one or several occasions.
In this context, the dividend rights for new shares may be determined by a dif-
ferent method than that set out in § 60 (2) AktG.

Shareholders shall be granted preemptive rights. However, the Executive Board
is authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to disapply share-
holders’ preemptive rights in the following cases:

1. to eliminate fractions created as a result of capital increases against cash
contributions (Authorized Capital |, II, II!);

2. to the extent necessary to grant the holders/creditors of convertible bonds
or bonds with warrants issued by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, or compa-
nies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest, preemptive rights
to new shares in the amount to which they would be entitled after exercising
their conversion or option rights, or after fulfilling their conversion obligation
(Authorized Capital |, II, Ill);

3. if the total amount of share capital attributable to the new shares for which
preemptive rights are to be disapplied does not exceed 10% of the share cap-
ital existing at the time this authorization comes into effect or, in the event
that this amount is lower, at the time the new shares are issued and the issue
price is not materially lower than the quoted market price of the existing list-
ed shares at the time when the issue price is finalized, which should be as
near as possible to the time the shares are placed. In the context of the
restriction of this authorization to a total of 10% of the share capital, those
shares must be included for which the preemptive rights of shareholders
have been disapplied since April 29, 2010, in accordance with § 186 (3)
sentence 4 AktG when the authorization to sell own shares is utilized and/or
when the authorization to issue convertible bonds and/or bonds with war-
rants is utilized (Authorized Capital II);

4. in the case of capital increases against non-cash contributions, for the
purpose of acquiring companies, business units of companies, or equity
interests in companies (Authorized Capital III).

The Executive Board was also authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to determine the further details of the capital increase and its implemen-
tation.

In addition, the Annual General Meeting on April 29, 2010, resolved to contin-
gently increase the share capital by up to a total of €42 million, composed of
up to 42 million no-par-value bearer shares. The contingent capital increase will
be implemented only to the extent that:

1. the holders or creditors of conversion and/or option rights attached to con-
vertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants issued in the period until April 28,
2015, by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, or companies in which it holds a
direct or indirect majority interest, choose to exercise their conversion or
option rights, or


--- Page 40 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2012 / Group Management Report / Report by the Executive Board on Dealings among Group Companies 43
Report on Post-Balance Sheet Date Events
Disclosures Required by Takeover Law
Report on Expected Developments

2. the holders or creditors of convertible bonds giving rise to a conversion obli-
gation issued in the period until April 28, 2015, by Beiersdorf Aktiengesells-
chaft, or companies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest,
comply with such obligation, and the contingent capital is required for this in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the bonds.

The new shares carry dividend rights from the beginning of the fiscal year in
which they are created as a result of the exercise of conversion or option rights,
or as a result of compliance with a conversion obligation.

The Executive Board was authorized to determine the further details of the im-
plementation of a contingent capital increase.

The Annual General Meeting on April 29, 2010, also authorized the company in
accordance with § 71 (1) no. 8 AktG to purchase own shares in the total amount
of up to 10% of the existing share capital in the period up to April 28, 2015. The
shares shall be purchased via the stock exchange or via a public purchase offer
addressed to all shareholders. The Annual General Meeting authorized the Ex-
ecutive Board, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to sell in whole or in
part the own shares purchased on the basis of the above-mentioned or a prior
authorization while disapplying the shareholders’ preemptive rights, including
in a way other than via the stock exchange or via a purchase offer to all share-
holders, to the extent that these shares are sold for cash at a price that does not
fall materially below the market price of the same class of shares of the compa-
ny at the time of the sale. The Executive Board was also authorized, with the ap-
proval of the Supervisory Board, to utilize the above-mentioned own shares in
whole or in part as consideration or partial consideration in the context of a
merger or the acquisition of companies, equity interests in companies (includ-
ing increases in equity interests), or business units of companies, while disap-
plying the preemptive rights of shareholders. Moreover, the Executive Board is
authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to utilize these own
shares in whole or in part, while disapplying the preemptive rights of sharehold-
ers, in order to satisfy the subscription and/or conversion rights from converti-
ble bonds and/or bonds with warrants issued by the company or companies in
which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest. Finally, the Executive Board
was authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to retire the above-
mentioned own shares without requiring an additional resolution by the Annual
General Meeting.

The creation of the authorized and contingent capital is intended to put the
company in the position of being able to react to growth opportunities and cap-
ital market situations quickly and flexibly. The authorization to purchase and uti-
lize own shares enables the company in particular to also offer shares of the
company to institutional or other investors and/or to expand the shareholder
base of the company, as well as to utilize the purchased own shares as consider-
ation for the acquisition of companies or equity interests in companies (includ-
ing increases in equity interests), or as part of a merger, i.e. against non-cash
consideration.

Report on Expected
Develooments

Expected Macroeconomic Developments

The global economic situation will continue to be dominated by uncertainty in
2013. The industrialized nations are likely to record only moderate growth in 2013,
whereas we expect stronger growth rates in the developing countries and emerg-
ing markets.

Developments in Europe will mainly depend on the additional decisions to be
taken on how to reorganize the eurozone. Initial indications suggest that the
reforms that have been implemented, particularly in the crisis countries in
Southern Europe, are working and that they could stabilize the economic situa-
tion. For example, the hardest-hit countries have reduced their government
deficits and are laying the groundwork for a long-term recovery. However, the
situation in 2013 is expected to remain mixed. For major exporters such as
Germany and other Northern European countries, we are again expecting slight
growth in 2013, while markets in Southern European countries are likely to con-
tinue to stagnate or decline.

We expect continued moderate growth in the United States in 2013. However,
a range of factors such as fiscal policy and labor market and consumer spend-
ing trends are sources of uncertainty that could also lead to smaller increases in
consumer spending and in corporate investment.

In China, we expect growth to be on a level with the previous year. Weaker ex-
port demand could be offset by fiscal policy measures and increased foreign in-
vestment. Growth is also expected to stay the same in the rest of Asia, with In-
donesia, Thailand, and Vietnam in particular supporting growth in the region.

We will work together with Research and Development and Quality Manage-
ment to identify alternative sources of supplies and hence continue improving
raw materials security for our production facilities. This will also further reduce
our dependence on individual suppliers and specific raw materials. As in the
past, strategic partnerships with suppliers will secure the availability of raw ma-
terials in 2013, ensuring supplies for our production facilities. We expect price
rises in the procurement markets to slow as a result of the ongoing weak global
economic growth that is forecast for 2013. The procurement markets in 2013 will
continue to be dominated by uncertainties surrounding the euro and sovereign
debt crisis, the political situation in the Middle East, and the limited availability
of specific raw materials.

Sector Developments

We anticipate that the growth rate for the global cosmetics market will be ona
level with the previous year due to the ongoing euro and sovereign debt crisis
and the muted global economic outlook. We continue to expect low rates of
growth in the major Western European and North American markets. Asia,
Eastern Europe, and Latin America will make a positive contribution to overall
performance with good growth rates.

The global variations in performance that dominated the worldwide adhesive
tape market in 2012 are expected to continue in 2013. Asia will probably remain
the more dynamic region, although it is expected to be down slightly on previ-
ous years. North America will continue to benefit from the ongoing strong per-


--- Page 41 ---

44

formance by the automotive industry there. The particularly successful string of
project acquisitions in the Asian electronics industry looks set to continue in
2013. Growth rates in this segment will remain in double digits. The other indus-
trial markets are likely to see moderate growth.

Our Market Opportunities

Once again, market performance was mixed in fiscal year 2012 and competition
continued to increase in some markets. Our strategic program for the future, as
manifested in our internal Blue Agenda program, aims to make Beiersdorf more
successful and to continue to strengthen the company’s competitive ability.
We see strong opportunities in our regional approach to business management,
our bundling of resources to focus on the emerging markets, and in our concen-
tration on our core categories. This assessment forms the basis for our planning
for the coming fiscal year.

We will build on our solid financing structure and strong earnings position to-
gether with our dedicated and highly qualified employees to continue to exploit
the opportunities that our brand portfolio offers us in the future. Our extensive
research and development activities that result in successful innovations,
flanked by targeted marketing measures, will strengthen our brand core and
create enduring confidence among our consumers.

Business Developments

Our assessment of business developments in the coming years is based on
the above assumptions. Our goal is for growth in the Group to outperform the
market in the coming years on the back of our current strategic orientation.
The EBIT margin from operations should continue to rise in 2013 - a trend we ex-
pect to continue in 2014 as well.

In the Consumer Business Segment, we are aiming for growth to outperform the
market both in 2013 and in the years thereafter. The EBIT margin from opera-
tions should exceed the prior-year level in 2013 and should continue to rise
in 2014.

tesa anticipates that growth will be slightly in excess of the market in the coming
years. Continued investments in innovative products in the research and devel-
opment area and in production will guarantee the sustainability of this trend
and further boost our market position. Earnings will benefit from this and will
increase slightly.

We firmly believe that we are well positioned for the future thanks to our strong

brands, innovative products, and our strategic focus, as manifested in our Blue
Agenda.

Hamburg, February 5, 2013
Beiersdorf AG

The Executive Board
