

--- Page 1 ---

Letter from the Co-CEOs

Dear Stakeholders,

he real-time world has now become reality. Cloud computing is changing the way software is consumed,
evidenced by a shift in spending from hardware to software. Currently, there are more mobile devices in the world
than people, giving billions of people computing power in their pockets. Fifteen billion of those devices are
connected to the Internet, bringing people and businesses closer to each other across the globe.

echnology has moved beyond supporting business. More than ever, technology is the business.

At the same time, today’s technological advances create challenges of their own. Data volumes are doubling every
8 months, generating overwhelming information management challenges. And, as technology contributes to the
growth of a global middle class — expected to be nearly five billion strong by 2030 — the world's resources will be
stressed to their limits.

Customers look to SAP to help them face this world of accelerating change in real time. Based on our unparalleled
nowledge of critical business processes, they expect us to help them overcome global competition; use economic,
natural, and social resources more wisely; interact with customers in new and personalized ways; and process the
exabytes of information that flow into their data centers each year. Our purpose as a company is clearly defined as
elping the world run better and improving people's lives.

A STRATEGY OF INNOVATION

n 2010, we introduced a highly focused innovation strategy that doubled our addressable market by offering solutions
across five market categories — Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and Database and Technology. With a
neverending focus on our customers, that strategy continues to deliver gratifying results to date.

n 2012, we experienced another four quarters of double-digit software and software-related (SSRS) growth
(non-IFRS) — we have now had 12 consecutive quarters of double-digit SSRS growth. For the full year, non-IFRS
SSRS revenue grew 17% (13% at constant currencies). Software and cloud subscriptions revenue growth was
even stronger with 21% growth (17% at constant currencies), which is twice as fast as our closest competitor. Our
cloud momentum continued to accelerate, and the annual cloud revenue run rate approached €850 million.

We achieved a full-year non-IFRS operating profit of €5.2 billion, growing 11% (7% at constant currencies). We
achieved this profitable growth while making continued investments in global go-to-market activities and our
cloud business.

These results demonstrate that customers see the value of our innovations, and recognize that we deliver
solutions that help them succeed in a hyperconnected and unpredictable world.

And today, we have become the leader in applications, analytics, and mobile. We are also the fastest-growing
database company, and continue to build unrivaled momentum in cloud.

6 To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 2 ---

From left: Jim Hagemann Snabe; Co-CEO, Bill McDermott, Co-CEO

Letter from the Co-CEOs


--- Page 3 ---

SAP HANA’ AND THE CLOUD
In 2012, two innovations in particular - SAP HANA’ and our cloud-based solutions — delivered outstanding results.

With SAP HANA, we have once again reinvented real time. The SAP HANA platform allows customers to take
advantage of in-memory computing technology across all five market categories. Since 2010, we have introduced
premier applications that run on SAP HANA, such as the SAP® 360 Customer solution and the SAP NetWeaver®
Business Warehouse application. And, we raised the bar once again in January 2013, by introducing SAP Business
Suite powered by SAP HANA — something we believe is as dramatic an innovation as SAP R/3° was in the 1990s.
Customers recognize a breakthrough when they see one, and SAP HANA has already generated €392 million in
software revenue in 2012.

With our acquisition of SuccessFactors and other cloud innovations, we now have the most comprehensive and
consistent cloud portfolio in the market. And through the cloud-based Ariba Network — the largest of its kind in the
world — we are adding the power of globally connected business.

Innovations such as SAP HANA and our cloud solutions are changing the way that customers consume software
and conduct business. Simply put, we are delivering innovations that address today’s and tomorrow's challenges
without causing disruption to our customers’ business operations.

LEVERAGING OUR STRENGTHS

We continue to leverage our traditional strengths, which include broad experience across 24 industries, and a
large and expanding ecosystem of suppliers and business partners. Our partner network continuously presents
additional opportunities to develop innovative products and solutions while significantly increasing our potential
sales channels. In fact, indirect sales now make up 34% of SAP's total software revenue.

TOWARD A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE

Our commitment to a sustainable world is strong, as we seek to minimize our own environmental footprint and
positively impact the communities in which we work. In 2012, for example, 60% of the electricity consumed by
SAP came from renewable sources. We reduced our greenhouse gas emissions slightly despite strong business
growth. And, our employees delivered more than 130,000 hours of volunteering in the communities in which

we work. Our commitment to achieving sustainable success is further demonstrated in this report, where we
integrate our sustainability and financial reporting.

8 To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 4 ---

At the same time, our commitment to more than 232,000 customers and over 64,000 employees has never

been stronger, as we aim to increase our customer loyalty, measured by the

let Promoter Score, by eight

points, while increasing employee engagement to 82%. We continue to focus on leadership and em

development, and have also made strides toward our goal of having women in 25% of leadership positi

end of 2012, 19.4% of our leadership positions were held by women (2011:

8.7%).

ercentage
loyee
ons. At the

We are well on our way to achieving our 2015 goals of more than €20 billion in revenue, with a 35% non-IFRS

operating margin, and one billion people interacting with our software. Furt!
business and to remain the fastest-growing database company. And, we wi
customers minimize their environmental impact.

HELPING THE WORLD RUN BETTER
Companies that will lead in the 21st century define success more broadly t

er, we aim to build a €2 bil
| achieve all of this while he!

an financial performance.

ion cloud
ping our

hey look

at their impact on the world — socially, environmentally, and economically. Our solutions give us a huge opportunity
to respond to challenges and opportunities, whether that means addressing the lack of opportunity for people

throughout the world or contending with stress on our ecosystems. We beli
on our ability to seize this opportunity and fulfill our vision to make the wor

Best regards,

Bill McDermott

Co-CEO, SAP AG Co-CEO, SAP AG

Letter from the Co-CEOs

d run better — in real time.

Jim Hagemann Snabe

eve that our business success hinges


--- Page 5 ---

Global Managing Board

GERHARD OSWALD
Member of the Executive
Board of SAP AG, Application
Development and Support
Joined SAP: 1981

Appointed to Executive
Board: 1996

DR. WERNER BRANDT
Member of the Executive
Board of SAP AG, Chief
Financial Officer

Joined SAP: 2001
Appointed to Executive
Board: 2001

JIM HAGEMANN SNABE
Co-CEO and Member of the
Executive Board of SAP AG
Joined SAP: 1990
Appointed to Executive
Board: 2008

BILL MCDERMOTT
Co-CEO and Member of the
Executive Board of SAP AG
Joined SAP: 2002
Appointed to Executive
Board: 2008



--- Page 6 ---

LUISA DEPLAZES DELGADO
Member of the Executive Board
of SAP AG, Human Resources,
Labor Relations Director
Joined SAP: 2012

Appointed to Executive
Board: 2012

DR. VISHAL SIKKA
Member of the Executive
Board of SAP AG, Technology
and Innovation

Joined SAP: 2002
Appointed to Executive
Board: 2010

BOB CALDERONI
Member of the Global
Managing Board of SAP AG,
Chairman and CEO of Ariba,
an SAP company

Joined SAP: 2012

LARS DALGAARD
Member of the Executive
Board of SAP AG, CEO of
SuccessFactors, an SAP
company

Joined SAP: 2012
Appointed to Executive
Board: 2012

ROBERT ENSLIN

Member of the Global
Managing Board of SAP AG,
President of Global
Customer Operations
Joined SAP: 1992



--- Page 7 ---

Investor Relations

SAP stock rose almost 50% in 2012 and thus clearly out-
performed the significant benchmark indexes. In July 2012,
SAP became the most valuable publicly traded German
company on the Deutsche Aktienindex (DAX 30). Our dialog
with investors focused on SAP's growth strategy for SAP HANA
and on the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba, which
further strengthened our cloud solutions growth area.

STOCK MARKETS WEATHER DEBT CRISIS AND
ECONOMIC CONCERNS

The euro area debt crisis and anxiety about the global economy
predominated the trading year 2012. Yet, despite these
difficult conditions, share prices rose noticeably in most markets
around the world during the course of the year.

German stocks started off the year better than expected: In
mid-March, the DAX hit the 7,000-point mark for the first
time since the end of July 2011. Overall, the index rose in the
first six months from 5,898.35 points on December 30, 2011,

to 6,946.83 points on March 30, 2012. The positive market
sentiment was thanks first and foremost to a new rescue
package for Greece, including the successful restructuring of
the nation’s debt and cash flow injections made by the
European Central Bank (ECB).

In the second quarter, however, the stock exchanges were
increasingly weighed down by the political situation in Greece,
financial problems with the Spanish banks, concerns about
Spain's financial stability, and worries about global economic
growth. Spain's refinancing problems at the beginning of
June triggered unrest in the markets, causing the DAX to drop
to 5,969.40 points on June 5, its lowest level for the year.

12

This was followed by an upward trend that lifted the DAX past
7,000 points in mid-August again. Worldwide share prices were
given an additional boost at the beginning of September when
the ECB decided to buy unlimited euro area government bonds
(subject to specific conditions). Around the same time, the
German Federal Constitutional Court approved the euro rescue
ackage, while the U.S. Federal Reserve announced plans to
stimulate the global economy by making substantial securities
urchases and maintaining a low interest rate policy. Against
this encouraging backdrop, the DAX rallied to 7,451.62 points,
temporarily its highest level of the year, on September 21.

n the weeks that followed, concerns about the Spanish
economy and fears of a global economic downturn curbed the
markets, so that the DAX hovered in a comparatively narrow
range of 260 points until the beginning of November. The conflict
in the Middle East, the euro crisis, and U.S. budgetary concerns
ushed the DAX back down below 7,000 points on November 16.
However, this was soon followed by an optimism-driven stoc!
market rally that pushed the DAX to its peak of the year at
7,672.10 points on December 20, which was also its highest level
in five years. The index finished 2012 at 7,612.39 points.

SAP STOCK CLEARLY OUTPERFORMS SIGNIFICANT
BENCHMARK INDEXES
In 2012, SAP stock rose 48.6%, thus clearly outperforming the
significant benchmark indexes. This is the fifth largest increase
among DAX-listed companies. The DAX 30 and Dow Jones
EURO STOXX 50, which cover 50 large companies from euro
area countries, only gained 29.1% and 13.8% respectively,
while the U.S. Dow Jones Industrial Average index managed to
win just 7.3%. The S&P 500 improved by 13.4% and the
S&P North American Technology Software Index rose 16.7%.
Comparing across industries, SAP stock performed well
above average here as well: The Technology Peer Group Index
(TechPGI), which lists ten major technology companies, only
gained 11.6% in 2012. In July 2012, SAP became the most
valuable company listed on the DAX, with a market capitalization
of €62.8 billion.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 8 ---

SAP Stock in Comparison to DAX 30, Dow Jones EURO STOXX 50, S&P North American Technology Software Index, and to TechPGI

December 31, 2011 (= 100%) to January 31, 2013
Percent

170

160

150

140

130

120

ol 02 03 04 05 06

lm SAP Share (Xetra) im DAX 30 Performance Index (Xetra)

SAP stock started the first quarter of 2012 at €40.85, the Xetra
closing price on December 31, 2011. It reached its lowest level
for the entire year of €41.45 shortly thereafter on January 12. The
announcement of our 2011 financial results — the best year ever
in the company's 40-year history to this point — then triggered an
upwards trend that pushed SAP stock past the €50.00 mark
on February 24. The last time the stock had moved to this level
was in October 2000. In addition, SAP had one day earlier
announced that in light of the record year and on the occasion
of SAP's 40th anniversary, it would recommend to the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders (subject to Supervisory Board

Investor Relations

@ S&P North American Technology Software Index

o7 038 09 10 nl 12 ol

tm Dow Jones EURO STOXX 50 TechPGI

approval) an increase in the dividend per share to €1.10, which
included a special dividend of €0.35 per share to mark the
company’s anniversary. This represented an overall increase

of 83% over the previous year’s dividend. SAP's successful
showing at the annual CeBIT computer industry fair in Hannover,
Germany, and the announcement of additional investments
totaling US$450 million in the Middle East and Africa region
boosted the SAP share price even higher; it reached its peak of
the first quarter on March 15 and 16, at €54.51, amid a positive
market environment.

13


--- Page 9 ---

Key Facts About SAP Stock/SAP ADRs

Listings
Germany Berlin, Frankfurt, Stuttgart
United States (ADR) New York Stock Exchange
IDs and symbols
WKN/ISIN 716460/DE0007 164600
NYSE (ADR) 803054204 (CUSIP)
Reuters SAPG.F or .DE
Bloomberg SAP GR
Weight (%) in indexes at 12/31/2012
DAX 30 8.30%
Prime All Share 6.77%
CDAX 6.82%
HDAX 7.09%
Dow Jones STOXX 50 2.02%
Dow Jones EURO STOXX 50 3.51%

nthe second quarter, SAP stock movement more or less
mirrored overall market behavior. Doubts about Spain's financial
strength, coupled with ongoing political uncertainty in the

euro area, caused the share price to fall below the €50.00 mark
again. The publication of first-quarter earnings on April 25,
owever, ultimately nudged SAP stock back up to €50.51 on the
trading days that followed. SAP stock consequently slid to
€44.16, its low point of the quarter, on June 4, before eventually
recovering somewhat to end the half year at €46.55.

Publication of strong second-quarter figures in the latter half of
July led to a renewed upswing in the share price, which climbed
to €52.30 on July 30. In August, it hovered in a comparatively
narrow range of €51.26 to €52.90 until the markets perked up
once again, pushing SAP stock to its high for the quarter of
€56.69 on September 25.

14

The beginning of the fourth quarter was fraught with worries
about Spain's sovereign debt, which put pressure on the markets.
On October 23, SAP stock fell to €52.86, its lowest level of the
quarter. The very next day, however, the announcement of
record software revenue in the third quarter buoyed SAP stock
upwards, which continued to climb until a lull in general stock
sentiment in mid-November slowed the pace somewhat. On
November 29, amid positive market sentiment, SAP stock
broke the €60.00 barrier and on December 11, reached €61.43,
its highest level for the year and best performance since March
2000. It closed the fourth quarter of 2012 at €60.69.

SAP stock fell below the €60.00 mark again in mid-January
2013, following the announcement of initial preliminary figures
for the fourth quarter and for 2012 as a whole. SAP had
produced record revenues and boosted its operating results
(non-IFRS, at constant currencies) to €5.02 billion in 2012,

yet a number of investors had apparently expected even better
figures. Publication of the entire preliminary results and
outlook on January 23, 2013, however, subsequently pushed
SAP stock back up to €59.20.

DIVIDEND PAYOUT OF €0.85 PER SHARE

We believe our shareholders should benefit appropriately from
the profit the Company made in 2012. We wish to continue our
dividend policy, which is that the payout ratio should be more
than 30% of the profit after tax of the Group.

Therefore, the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board will
recommend that the shareholders approve a total dividend

of €0.85 per share for fiscal year 2012 at the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders. For 2011, in addition to the regular
dividend of €0.75 per share, SAP also paid a special dividend of
€0.35 in celebration of SAP AG's 40th anniversary. Without the
consideration of the special dividend for 2011, this corresponds
to a year-on-year dividend increase of €0.10, or 13%, in 2012.
Based on this recommendation, the overall dividend payout ratio
(which here means total distributed dividend as a percentage
of profit) would be 36% (2011: 26% excluding the special dividend
and 38% including the special dividend).

CAPITAL STOCK INCREASED

SAP's capital stock on December 31, 2012, is
€1,228,504,232.00 (2011: €1,228,083,382.00). It is issued as
1,228,504,232 no-par shares, each with an attributable value
of €1 in relation to the capital stock.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 10 ---

LARGER FREE FLOAT

The proportion of our stock in free float increased again slightly
in 2012. Applying the definition accepted on the Frankfurt
Stock Exchange — which excludes treasury stock from the free
float - on December 31, 2012, the free float stood at 74.4%
(December 31, 2011: 73.3%). In January 2013, approximately
22.7% (January 2012: 23.6%) of the stock was under the
control of three founders and their trusts and holding companies.
U.S. institutions remained the next largest group of shareholders,

Return on SAP Common Stock — WKN 716460/ISIN DE0007164600

Percent, unless otherwise stated

holding around 19.4% (19.3%) of the stock. Institutions in the
United Kingdom and Ireland held about 13.6% (12.9%),
followed by Continental European investors outside Germany,
who held approximately 12.8% (12.2%). Institutions in
Germany held 7.8% (7.9%) and investors from the rest of the
world held 3.0% (3.1%) of the stock in January 2013. Private

or unidentified investors held 17.7% (17.8%). SAP held 3.0% (3.1%)
of the stock in treasury.

Initial investment €10,000

Date of investment

12/31/2002 12/31/2007 12/31/2011
Period of investment 10 years 5 years lyear
Value on 12/31/2012) in € 36,415 18,538 15,211
‘Average annual return 13.8 13.1 52.1
Performance comparators
DAX 30 Performance — total return index 10.2 -1.2 29.1
REX General Bond — total return index 4.9 6.4 4.6
S&P 500 Composite — total return index 47 38 14.2
S&P North American Technology Software Index — price index 71 68 15.6
» Assuming all dividends were reinvested
Source: Datastream
Return on SAP ADRs — 803054204 (CUSIP)
Percent, unless otherwise stated
Initial investment US$10,000
Date of investment 12/31/2002 12/31/2007 12/31/2011
Period of investment 10 years 5 years lyear
Value on 12/31/2012) in US$ 45,202 16,760 15,396
‘Average annual return 16.3 10.9 54.0
Performance comparators
S&P 500 Composite — total return index 71 17 16.0

» Assuming all dividends were reinvested

Source: Datastream

Investor Relations

15


--- Page 11 ---

COMMUNICATION WITH INVESTORS

Our directors and senior officers again aimed for the greatest
possible transparency and openness in their continuous

dialog with our shareholders. In several hundred one-on-one
meetings held at SAP, during investor road shows worldwide,
and at investor events, we answered inquiries from institutional
investors and analysts about our business. We also held
telephone conferences and analyst meetings when we published
our quarterly results. Investor presentations at the SAPPHIRE®
NOW customer conferences, which took place in Madrid, Spain
in Orlando, Florida, in the United States’ and in Beijing, China,
were key elements of our communication with the financial
markets. These events focused on the growth areas of mobile
and cloud computing, as well as SAP HANA. In addition, SAP
engages in regular dialog with “socially responsible investors”
(SRIs), by providing insight into SAP’s environmental, social,
and corporate governance policies.

16

COMPREHENSIVE SERVICE FOR PRIVATE INVESTORS
Providing a full service for retail investors is a priority for SAP.
Our services for private investors include the shareholder
hotline, the e-mail contact at investor@sap.com, and investor
relations information on our Web site. There is a range of
information for investors about SAP and SAP stock online,
including a text message service, press releases delivered by
e-mail, Twitter feeds, and our quarterly SAP Investor magazine,
which investors can subscribe to free of charge. We also
publish an overview of the latest analyst assessments in
collaboration with Vara Research. All key events at which members
of our Executive Board speak to financial analysts and
institutions are broadcast live on the Internet, and we post the
presentation materials on the Investor Relations Web site and

on other online slide hosting services. Our investor relations team
presented information at stock exchanges, shareholder
forums, and shareholder conventions in Germany and in the
United States, for example, at the BetterInvesting National
Convention in Houston, Texas.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 12 ---

Corporate Governance Report

RESPONSIBLE MANAGEMENT

At SAP, a global company with numerous subsidiaries and an
international shareholder structure, good corporate governance
is the foundation of effective corporate management. For us,
corporate governance means the application of international
and national values and principles of responsible and
transparent company management and control that are geared
towards sustainable added value. We are convinced that
good corporate governance strengthens the trust placed in our
Company by the financial markets, our shareholders, business
partners, and employees.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AT SAP

Because SAP is listed on the German stock exchange, our
corporate governance is based on the German Stock Corporation
Act and on the German Corporate Governance Code (the
“Code” in this report). The current version of the Code is dated
May 15, 2012, and was published in the Bundesanzeiger
(German Federal Gazette) on June 15, 2012. SAP also complies
with the provisions that are relevant to German companies
isted on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). These include
the Corporate Governance Standards of the NYSE as they
apply to non-U.S. companies, the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and
the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Our Executive and Supervisory Boards
rovide the Company's shareholders with information about

its implementation of the Code’s recommendations by
ublishing an annual declaration of implementation, as required
yy the German Stock Corporation Act, section 161. In addition,
the Executive Board publishes a corporate governance statement
ursuant to the German Commercial Code, section 289a,
describing certain aspects of the Company's corporate
governance in greater detail. This report on corporate governance
at SAP in 2012, prepared by the Executive and Supervisory
Boards, is a requirement of the Code, section 3.10, sentence 1.

EXECUTIVE BOARD

The Executive Board currently has seven members. It is solely
responsible for managing the Company. It has a duty to
exercise its management powers in the interest of the Company
and in pursuit of the sustained growth of corporate value. It
discusses and agrees on its strategy for the Company with the
Supervisory Board, ensures compliance with the requirements
of the law throughout the Group, and maintains effective risk
management structures and internal risk controls.

Corporate Governance Report

GLOBAL MANAGING BOARD

The Executive Board set up the Global Managing Board in 20.
to support its work. It is made up of all Executive Board members
plus additional global managers who steer and scale the
Company's business. These additional members are appointed
by the Executive Board upon consent of the Supervisory Board.
The committee advises the Executive Board and helps it make
decisions, but the Executive Board retains overall responsibility
for all corporate activities. It meets regularly and its meetings
are chaired by the co-CEOs.

iN)

SUPERVISORY BOARD

The SAP Supervisory Board has 16 members who, in equa
numbers, represent the shareholders and the employees. It
appoints, monitors, and advises the Executive Board. The
Executive Board involves the Supervisory Board in decisions on
matters of fundamental importance for the Company. The
Supervisory Board has reserved to itself the approval of certain
defined transactions of fundamental importance.

COMPOSITION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

In accordance with the recommendation in section 5.4.1,

paragraph 2, of the Code, the Supervisory Board has set the

following concrete objectives for its composition:

— There should never be fewer than two people from the
international stage on the investor representatives’ side of
the Supervisory Board.

— No Supervisory Board member should be an employee,
consultant, or director of a significant SAP competitor.

— At least four shareholder representatives on the Supervisory
Board should be independent members in the meaning
of section 5.4.2 of the Code.

— No member of the Supervisory Board should be older
than 75 years.

— At least one woman should sit on the Supervisory Board as
a shareholder representative.

17


--- Page 13 ---

We believe the current composition of the Supervisory Board
fulfills all of these objectives.

The Code recommends (at section 5.4.1, third paragraph, first
sentence) that when the Supervisory Board proposes candidates
for election or reelection to the Supervisory Board, it should
take into account the objectives it set for its composition. In our
Declaration of Implementation dated October 29, 2012, we
reported that we did not follow that recommendation. Our
Supervisory Board will, of course, have regard to the adopted
objectives when seeking to identify suitable persons for
candidacy and when preparing its recommendation of candidates
to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. In the interest
of SAP, however, it must be in a position to recommend to the
General Meeting of Shareholders those candidates it believes
are best suited for the vacant Supervisory Board seats. Ordinarily,
one of the suitability criteria will be whether a person’s candidacy
is consistent with the concrete objectives. However, that
need not always be the only decisive criterion for proposing a
particular candidate. The law, which empowers the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders to elect members to the
Supervisory Board, requires neither that the meeting adhere
to the Supervisory Board's objectives nor that it elect the
Supervisory Board's proposed candidates.

The Supervisory Board also takes the following guidelines into

consideration when deciding upon its composition:

— The Supervisory Board has at all times to be composed in such
a way that its members as a group possess the knowledge,
ability, and expert experience required to properly complete
its tasks in our global IT company.

— Pursuant to the German Stock Corporation Act, section
100 (5), the Supervisory Board must at all times have at least
one independent member with significant, recent, and
relevant financial or auditing experience.

18

INDEPENDENCE OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

SAP believes a sufficient degree of independence of its
Supervisory Board members is essential for effective and
responsible corporate management and control. As reported
above, the Supervisory Board has defined a concrete objective
for its composition regarding the minimum number of
independent members on the shareholder representative side,
as recommended in the amended version of the Code, section
5.4.1, paragraph 2. At its meeting on October 11, 2012, the
Supervisory Board determined that all of its shareholder
representative members are independent in the meaning of the
German Corporate Governance Code, section 5.4.2, and

that the number of independent members is sufficient in the
meaning of that section.

DIVERSITY IN THE COMPANY

The Executive Board follows the recommendation in section
4.1.5 of the Code that requires executive boards to have regard
to diversity when appointing people to leadership positions,
and in particular to employ appropriate numbers of women in
such positions. In support of this, the Company maintains a
diversity policy for company leadership appointments. In May
2011, it also set a target to increase the percentage of women
in leadership positions from 18% at the beginning of 2011 to
25% in 2017. We believe this is an ambitious target, because
there are still more men than women studying engineering
subjects. But we also believe that it is achievable. It goes
without saying that ability is still the primary selection criterion
for any position at SAP. Globally, the percentage of women

in leadership positions at the end of 2012 was 19.4%.

Section 5.1.2 of the Code contains the recommendation that
supervisory boards should strive for an appropriate
representation of women at executive board level as well. The
Supervisory Board complies with this provision and has ruled
that when a new member is needed for the Executive Board,
applications should be sought, and that the shortlist should be
50% women if possible. When we decide whom to appoint, the
strengths and performance of the candidates will still be more
important than their gender. Another long-term aim of the
diversity policy for company leadership appointments mentioned
above is to build a diverse pool of potential candidates for
future Executive Board vacancies. The Executive Board has a
female member: Luisa Deplazes Delgado.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 14 ---

As reported above, the Supervisory Board has defined concrete
objectives to promote diversity in its own membership and
achieve an appropriate percentage of women members, as
envisioned in the second paragraph of section 5.4.1 in the
Code.

DECLARATION OF IMPLEMENTATION PURSUANT TO

THE GERMAN STOCK CORPORATION ACT, SECTION 161
Every year, the Supervisory Board and Executive Board issue a
declaration stating whether SAP has implemented and is
following the Code’s recommendations, and identifying any
recommendations that the Company has not followed —

with an explanation of why it has not done so. The declaration
of implementation that we filed on October 29, 2012, is online

at www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance/
policies-statutes. Implementation declarations published

in previous years are also available on this Web site, and links
are provided to current and previous versions of the Code. As
reported in the declaration of implementation, we follow all but
five of the 83 recommendations in the current Code. The
reasons for not following these five recommendations are
described in detail in the declaration of implementation.

We voluntarily follow all seven suggestions in the current Code.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

The Executive Board published our corporate governance
statement for 2012 pursuant to the German Commercial Code,
section 289a, on February 20, 2013. It is available on SAP's
Web site at www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance.
It includes the current declaration of implementation pursuant
to the German Stock Corporation Act, section 161, certain
information on corporate governance practices, and an account
of how the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board work,
who sits on which Supervisory Board committees, and how
those committees work.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

SAP's corporate governance includes our Code of Business
Conduct for employees and members of the Executive Board.
The Code of Business Conduct expresses the high standards
that we require from our employees and Executive Board

Corporate Governance Report

members and sets out the main principles that guide our
business conduct toward customers, business partners, and
shareholders. We see our Code of Business Conduct as the
standard for our dealings involving customers, business partners,
vendors, shareholders, and competitors. By following our Code
of Business Conduct, we demonstrate a commitment against all
forms of unfair competitive practice, corruption, and
misrepresentation. A Global Compliance Office reporting to our
general counsel monitors worldwide compliance with our

Code of Business Conduct and other policies applying within
the Group. It regularly reviews these internal policies, revises
them if necessary, and delivers related employee training.

THE WORK OF THE EXECUTIVE AND
SUPERVISORY BOARDS

he Executive Board and Supervisory Board cooperate closely
for the benefit of the Company. The Executive Board regularly
provides the Supervisory Board with full and timely reports on
all material matters of strategy, business planning and
erformance, including any deviations of actual business
erformance from plan, the risk situation, risk management, and
corporate compliance. We provide our shareholders with
in-depth information about how the Executive and Supervisory
Boards work, how the committees are composed, and how
these committees work, in our corporate governance statement.
For more information about the joint work of the Executive

and Supervisory Boards and about the work of the Supervisory
Board and its committees in 2012, see the Report by the
Supervisory Board.

APPLYING INTERNATIONAL CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE STANDARDS

As noted above, SAP is an NYSE-listed company and is
therefore subject to certain U.S. financial legislation (including,
among others, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) and to the applicable
SEC and NYSE regulations. Besides implementing the
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, section 404, and other
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements, including conducting an
annual audit of our internal control over financial reporting, we
comply with those of the corporate governance standards
codified in the NYSE Listed Company Manual, section 303A,
that bind non-U.S. companies. The section 303A standards
that apply to SAP include the requirement to have an audit
committee composed of members who are independent in the

19


--- Page 15 ---

meaning of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related requirements

concerning reporting to NYSE.
NYSE corporate governance ru

n accordance with the SEC and
les, we have also published,

at Item 16G in our Annual Report on Form 20-F, a report on the

significant differences between t
standards and the German cor,
we apply. We publish our annual

ie NYSE corporate governance
orate governance rules, which
report on Form 20-F on

our Web site at www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/

newsandreports/reports in Eng

ish only.

TRANSPARENCY, COMMUNICATION, AND
SERVICE FOR SHAREHOLDERS

Our shareholders can obtain ful

and timely information about

SAP on our Web site and can access current and historical

Company data. Among ot!

er information, we post all of our

financial reports, all relevant news about the Company’s
governing bodies and their corporate governance documentation,
information requiring ad hoc (current) disclosure, press

releases, and news of directors’
the German Securities Tra’

dealings notifiable pursuant to

ing Act, section 15a. Shareholders

and the public are able to watch a live broadcast of the entire

Annual General Meeting of

Shareholders on the Internet. They

can vote their shares at the meeting or instruct a proxy of their
choice or one of the proxies provided for that purpose by SAP.

Our shareholders are also al

le to participate in the Annual

General Meeting of Shareholders on the Internet and to vote
their shares by postal ballot. The details are in the invitation

to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. All of the
documentation relating to the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders is posted in good time on SAP's Web site at

www.sap.com/agm.

20

FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING, RISK MANAGEMENT,

AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The May 2012 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
appointed KPMG to audit the Company's financial statements.
We prepare the SAP AG financial statements in accordance
with the German Commercial Code and our consolidated
financial statements in accordance with IFRSs. We prepare a
management report, as required by the German Commercial
Code, and the Annual Report on Form 20-F in accordance with SEC
requirements. The Executive Board is responsible for financial
accounting. The Supervisory Board examines and approves
the SAP AG financial statements, the consolidated financial
statements, and the combined management report.

In addition to our annual financial statements, we also prepare
quarterly reports for the first, second, and third quarters. Our
quarterly reports comply with the German Securities Trading
Act and are submitted to the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board before they are published.

In German stock-corporation and commercial law, there are
special requirements for internal risk management that apply
to SAP. To meet them, our global risk management system
supports risk planning, identification, analysis, handling, and
resolution. We maintain standard documentation of all our
internal control structures and continually evaluate their
effectiveness. As a company listed on the NYSE, we instruct our
auditor, KPMG, to conduct an annual audit of our internal
control over financial reporting in accordance with the
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, section 404. The
audit as at December 31, 2012, confirmed that our internal
control is effective. In compliance with the reporting requirements
in the German Commercial Code, sections 289 (5) and 315 (2)
(5), the combined SAP AG and SAP Group management report
contains full information about the principal features of the
internal controls and risk management structure applying to
SAP's consolidated financial reporting.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 16 ---

Report by the Supervisory Board

PROFESSOR
HASSO PLATTNER

Chairperson of the
Supervisory Board of SAP AG

Dear Shareholders,

The financial year 2012 was another record year for SAP. The
Company achieved the best results in its history, exceeding
its own guidance in the process. This is proof that the innovation-
centric growth strategy introduced by the Executive Board
three years ago is paying off: Non-IFRS total revenue came in
at €16.3 billion, non-IFRS software and cloud subscription
revenue rose 21% to €5 billion, and the fourth quarter was the
twelfth quarter in a row in which SAP reported double-digit
growth in non-IFRS software and software-related service
revenue. SAP continued to expand its market share in 2012,
outpacing the overall software market two-to-one and thus
significantly outperforming its main competitors.

SAP also strengthened its position in cloud computing
substantially in 2012 by acquiring the two leading cloud providers
— SuccessFactors and Ariba. In addition, the Company focused
its investments on innovation, notably in the development of its
SAP HANA in-memory technology, which ultimately enabled
SAP to launch the SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA
in January 2013. These high investments in the future of SAP
are drivers of additional growth and, in 2012, led to a 7% increase
in non-IFRS operating profit (at constant currencies) to €5.02
billion, slightly under the Company's forecast. Non-IFRS profit
after tax likewise rose 7%, to €3.61 billion.

Report by the Supervisory Board

IFRS profit after tax decreased 18% compared to 2011 to
€2.83 billion. This is an effect of developments in the
TomorrowNow legal proceedings in 2011, which had positively
impacted the 2011 figures: In 2011, SAP considerably reduced
the provision it had recorded for the TomorrowNow litigation,
which, in turn, contributed €444 million to the rise in profit after
tax for 2011.

Consistent application of SAP's customer-oriented innovation
strategy played a major role in the high growth momentum.

At the center of this success is SAP HANA, the Company's
breakthrough in-memory technology that has written a new
chapter in software history. SAP HANA makes real-time
management of entire enterprises possible, thus allowing
companies to develop completely new business models and target
individual customers. In 2012, revenue from SAP HANA
surged to €392 million, representing a triple-digit year-on-year
increase of 142%. This makes SAP HANA the fastest-growing
product in the Company's history. After just 18 months on the
market, it already contributed significantly to SAP’s success

in 2012.

21


--- Page 17 ---

And this innovative technology is just the beginning. SAP HANA
is opening up revolutionary new possibilities in all five SAP
market categories — Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile and
Database and Technology. Through the combination of SAP
products and solutions with the SAP HANA platform,
customers can simplify their IT infrastructure, save costs, and
make better decisions based on real-time insight into their
business. SAP Business Suite will also benefit from this new
technology. Launched in January 2013, the SAP Business

Suite powered by SAP HANA clearly demonstrates the power
and potential of this key innovation. SAP is convinced that the
SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA will play as great a
role for companies as the introduction of SAP R/3 more than
20 years ago.

The cloud is another strategic growth market of great importance
to SAP. With SuccessFactors and Ariba, SAP is now clearly a
leading player in the cloud, where customers access their
software easily, quickly, and directly via the Internet. Businesses
looking for simplification and cost-savings can take advantage
of cloud solutions and move non-differentiating core processes
into the cloud. SAP is already clearly experiencing the
combined growth power of SuccessFactors and Ariba. SAP
currently has over 6,000 customers and more than 20 million
users in the cloud. Its cloud offering addresses core business
areas — money, customers, suppliers, and people. Furthermore,
SAP Business ByDesign® and SAP Business One offer a full
suite in the cloud designed for small and midsize companies.
The acquisition of Ariba added the power of the largest
business network to SAP's cloud portfolio. The network makes
it possible for SAP to deliver gains in productivity, collaboration,
and agility across the entire value chain of suppliers, partners,
and customers.

SAP has seen excellent growth in its mobile business as well.
As trends like “bring your own device” continue to take hold,
SAP's mobile offerings enable customers to connect their
employees with real-time information on their mobile devices.
SAP is benefiting enormously from this. In 2012, its revenue

22

from mobile applications increased 71% to €222 million,
successfully reaching the Company's own, very ambitious growth
target. Today, employees can call up real-time business data
securely on their mobile devices at any time, from anywhere,
thanks to mobile solutions from SAP. And it is SAP's offerings in
database and technology that enable customers to orchestrate
SAP solutions from all categories securely and in a stable
environment.

In 2012, SAP invested heavily in innovations and in the expansion
of its global sales activities so as to be able to seize future
growth opportunities in strategic markets. In 2011, SAP
announced a major multiyear investment in China. This year, it
followed through, not only expanding its employee base in
China, but also by holding a Supervisory Board meeting in
Shanghai, the first DAX company to do so. SAP believes it

is important to have a balanced, global presence, and therefore
continues to expand in the world’s growth markets.

At the heart of SAP's continued success are its more than 64,000
employees. Their huge commitment to SAP’s customers,
dedication to the Company, and outstanding innovative drive is
what delivers this success. SAP attributes this innovative
strength to the broad diversity of the employees, not just in terms
of culture or ethnicity, but also in terms of gender. The number
of women in management, for example, also increased in 2012.
Pleasing too was the fact that employee engagement increased
further in 2012. According to the 2012 annual SAP employee
survey, a large majority of employees believe in the Company's
strategy and trust the Executive Board. SAP has also kept
carbon emissions flat, despite strong growth.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 18 ---

SAP's vision is to “help the world run better and improve people's
lives.” In pursuing this vision, the Company has decided to
more clearly illustrate the importance that this vision plays

for SAP. It is therefore, for the first time, integrating its financial,
social, and environmental reporting into one report
(www.sapintegratedreport.com). In this way, SAP wants to
transparently show all its target groups that sustainability is

an integral and inseparable part of the SAP strategy and brings
long-term benefits to SAP's customers and the Company.

To effectively perform our duties, the Supervisory Board relies
on aclose cooperation and dialog with the Executive Board,
particularly in a challenging economic environment. This is why
this report starts by explaining the ongoing close partnership
between the two boards. This report also focuses on the main
topics discussed by the Supervisory Board, the work of its
committees, corporate governance at SAP, and the audit of the
SAP AG and consolidated financial statements.

COOPERATION BETWEEN THE EXECUTIVE

AND SUPERVISORY BOARDS

In 2012, we discharged the duties imposed on us by the law
and by the Company's Articles of Incorporation. We were
continuously consulted by the Executive Board on the running
of the Company and we scrutinized and monitored the work of
management. We monitored the Executive Board's management
of the SAP Group with regard to legality, correctness,
appropriateness, and cost-effectiveness. In addition, the Executive
and Supervisory Boards consulted on the Company's strategic
orientation and regularly discussed progress in implementing
strategy. We were involved whenever the Executive Board made
decisions of fundamental importance to the Company.

The Supervisory Board regularly received full and timely reports
from the Executive Board, both from members in person and in
written documents. Those reports chiefly concerned the
Company's plans, its business performance, the risk situation,
risk management, compliance, and transactions of special
significance for SAP. The Executive Board also indicated when
the Company's business deviated from the plans and targets
and explained the reasons for these deviations.

Report by the Supervisory Board

he content and scope of the Executive Board's reports fully
met the requirements that the Supervisory Board had placed
on them. Besides these reports, the Supervisory Board
received supplementary information from the Executive Board.
n particular, the Executive Board was available at Supervisory
Board meetings for discussions and to answer our questions. We
checked the information received from the Executive Board for
lausibility as well as critically examining and discussing it. The
Supervisory Board maintains a list of the categories of
transactions for which the Executive Board must obtain the
Supervisory Board's consent. The Supervisory Board keeps
the list under constant review to see if it requires amendment.
t was most recently amended in 2012. The Supervisory Board
carefully considered all transactions in the listed categories and
discussed them with the Executive Board, focusing on the
enefits, risks, and other effects of each transaction. The
Supervisory Board agreed to all transactions for which its
consent was sought by the Executive Board.

The Executive Board also kept the chairperson of the Supervisory
Board fully and continuously informed between meetings of
the Supervisory Board and its committees. In particular, the
co-CEOs met regularly with the chairperson of the Supervisory
Board to discuss SAP's strategy, planning, the Company's
business performance including the risk situation, risk
management, compliance, and other key topics and decisions.
The Supervisory Board chairperson was informed without
delay of important events that were significant for assessing
SAP's situation and progress or for the management and
governance of the Company.

SUPERVISORY BOARD MEETINGS AND RESOLUTIONS
There were four ordinary meetings and two extraordinary
meetings of the Supervisory Board in 2012. The resolutions of
the Supervisory Board were adopted at these meetings. In
addition, anumber of resolutions were adopted by circular
correspondence vote. The regular election of shareholder and
employee representatives on the Supervisory Board also took
place in 2012. As a result, the newly elected Supervisory Board
held its inaugural meeting immediately following the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders on May 23. It is customary
practice for the Supervisory Board to start off its meetings
without the Executive Board and first deal with agenda items
that either pertain to the Executive Board directly or require an
internal discussion among Supervisory Board members. This

23


--- Page 19 ---

was the case at all of the ordinary meetings in 2012 as well as
at the extraordinary meeting in April. The Supervisory Board
discussed the following topics and, where necessary, made
resolutions as follows:

Resolution Adopted by Correspondence in January

Early in January 2012, we adopted a final resolution, moved
using the circular correspondence procedure in December
2011, concerning each Executive Board member's compensation
package commencing in 2012, taking into account an opinion
on the appropriateness and ambition of the package prepared
by compensation consulting firm Hostettler, Kramarsch &
Partner (hkp) and a legal opinion prepared by attorneys Allen &
Overy concerning the new compensation package. In the
same circular correspondence, we adopted a motion confirming
the appropriateness of each Executive Board member's
compensation, confirming the terms of the Long Term Incentive
Plan (LTI Plan) 2015, and setting the objectives (key performance
indicators, or KPIs) and their relative weighting for the Short
erm Incentive (STI) 2012 element. In addition, we resolved

the matter of Executive Board members’ individual allocation
of rights under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015.

Meeting in February

nits meeting on February 16, 2012, the Supervisory Board first
received a detailed update on the current developments in the
omorrowNow litigation from its instructed counsel. We were
then informed about the final result of the inquiry contracted in
November 2010 investigating possible breaches of duty by
Executive Board members in connection with the acquisition of
omorrowNow and the related U.S. lawsuit. Until February
2012, there had been no change to the situation described by
counsel in the interim reports presented in March and October
2011. We were told that in the course of drawing up the legal
opinion, the investigating counsel had still not found any evidence
of any breaches of duty by Executive Board members.

We also received and discussed a report from the General and
Compensation Committee concerning target achievement
under the STI 2011, one of the variable short-term incentive
elements of Executive Board compensation for 2011. We first
determined the target achievement level against the defined

24

targets, and then decided the payouts for Executive Board
members entitled under the ST! 2011 by considering this
achievement and the discretionary element. In addition, we
were informed about the achievement level concerning the
annual financial targets for the 2010 and 2011 Medium Term
Incentive (MT1) plans. We also resolved the concrete targets
concerning the individual KPIs for the STI 2012 approved by
correspondence vote in January.

At the recommendation of the General and Compensation
Committee, we resolved unanimously to extend Vishal Sikka’s
appointment to the Executive Board from January 1, 2013,

to December 31, 2017.

The Executive Board then gave us an overview of the
reporting year 2011 and reported to us about progress in the
implementation of the Company's strategy for the period to
2015 in the light of the competitive situation. Based on its
operational plan for 2012, which the Executive Board presented
in detail, we agreed the budget presented by the Executive
Board, including the 2012 capital expenditure budget and liquidity
plan.

The Executive Board then explained its plans to engage a law
company — in which a member of the Supervisory Board is
partner — to pursue the judicial enforcement of SAP's various
legal claims. The Supervisory Board agreed to this engagement.
The individual member concerned was excluded from the
deliberations on and decisions in the respective case, as required
to preclude any conflict of interest.

The General and Compensation Committee, the Technology
and Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, and the
Finance and Investment Committee reported to us on their
meetings. The Compensation Committee reported on its
deliberations concerning matters that had been discussed by
the full Supervisory Board as well as on the report that the
compliance officer had submitted to the Committee in its January
meeting. The Technology and Strategy Committee reported on
a status report it had received concerning mobile apps

that focused specifically on Sybase® Unwired Platform. The
Committee then gave us its analysis of a presentation from the
Executive Board about the market situation, strategy, and
areas for improvement with respect to business intelligence.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 20 ---

The Audit Committee described progress on the 2011 financial
statements and advised it had been briefed about the results
of the audit focus areas. The Audit Comittee also reported on
its deliberations on internal control systems and the pending
compliance system review. The Finance and Investment
Committee first reported on the very successful venture capital
activities of SAP and presented its findings concerning the
acquisition of SuccessFactors, which had been the subject of
its last two meetings in 2011. The Committee then reported
learning from the Executive Board about the planned acquisition
of datango AG, the sale of Steeb Anwendungssysteme GmbH,
and a planned loan from the European Investment Bank. It also
updated us on its deliberations regarding the results of the
Company's 2011 acquisitions, SAP’s medium- and long-term
financial strategy, and the integration of Sybase. Finally, the
Nomination Committee explained its recommendation that
Anja Feldmann, professor at the Technische Universitat Berlin,
be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
as candidate for the upcoming election of shareholder
representatives on the Supervisory Board.

Meeting in March (Meeting to Discuss the

Financial Statements)

At its March 22, 2012, meeting, the Supervisory Board focused
principally on SAP AG's 2011 financial statements and the
consolidated financial statements, the audits conducted by
KPMG AG Wirtschaftspriifungsgesellschaft (KPMG), and the
Executive Board's proposed resolution on the appropriation of
retained earnings for 2011. The Audit Committee reported on
all matters for which it is responsible in connection with the 2011
financial statements, particularly on the form and scope of its
examination of the documents relating to the financial
statements, and recommended that the Supervisory Board
approve them. The auditor attended the meeting and reported

in detail on the audit, the results of the audit, and its discussions
about them at the two preceding meetings of the Audit
Committee. He also presented the conclusions of the five focuses
the Audit Committee had chosen for the audit. The auditor

Report by the Supervisory Board

then discussed the results with the Supervisory Board and
answered our questions. The Supervisory Board approved

the audit. There were no findings from our own examination, so
we gave our consent to the SAP AG and consolidated financial
statements for 2011. We checked and endorsed the Executive
Board's proposal concerning the appropriation of retained
earnings. In addition, we agreed our proposed resolutions for
the agenda of the May 2012 Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders. The Nomination Committee first presented its
deliberations about suitable candidates for election as shareholder
representatives on the Supervisory Board and consequently
recommended that we propose those candidates to the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders. In the ensuing vote, all
members representing the shareholders on the Supervisory Board
agreed to follow this recommendation. We adopted a proposal
to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders concerning the
election of an auditor for 2012 that followed the
recommendation of the Audit Committee.

During this meeting, we were also informed about developments
in the growth market China, the new SAP Services strategy, and
the business forecast for the first quarter of 2012. Accepting a
recommendation from the General and Compensation
Committee, we further resolved to amend the 2010 and 2011
MTI elements pursuant to the applicable plan provisions, to
eliminate the special effects of the SuccessFactors acquisition
on Executive Board compensation.

The General and Compensation Committee, Audit Committee,
and Technology and Strategy Committee all gave reports on
their recent meetings in relation to the relevant agenda items.

Finally, the head of our legal department gave us an update on
the TomorrowNow trial.

Extraordinary Meeting in April

At the extraordinary meeting on April 12, 2012, we thoroughly
and conclusively discussed the legal opinion we had
commissioned in November 2010 on the question of possible
breaches of duty by SAP Executive Board members in
connection with the acquisition of TomorrowNow and the related

25


--- Page 21 ---

U.S. lawsuit. As reported orally at the Annual General Meeting
of Shareholders on May 23, 2012, the investigation determined
that no SAP Executive Board member had committed any
liability-based violations of duty to the Company in that regard.
The attorneys responsible for the investigation were in
attendance at the meeting to explain their findings in detail and
to answer our questions.

We then resolved to appoint Lars Dalgaard to the Executive
Board and decided on his contract of employment. For this
agenda item in particular, we checked that the compensation
for Lars Dalgaard as suggested by the General and
Compensation Committee was consistent with the Company's
package for Executive Board members and was reasonable
and appropriate.

We also deliberated on the reassignment of Executive Board
responsibilities and on the creation of a new steering committee
in the form of the Global Managing Board. We consented to the
creation of the Global Managing Board, which was to consist of
Executive Board members plus selected additional members
and advise the Executive Board and help it make decisions.
Appointments and terminations of additional members would
be by the Executive Board and require Supervisory Board
consent. In this context, we further resolved that Rob Enslin be
appointed to the Global Managing Board.

Extraordinary Meeting in May

At the May 22, 2012, extraordinary meeting, the Executive Board
updated us on SAP's cloud computing activities since the
Company's acquisition of SuccessFactors and reported on the
planned measures for structuring responsibilities in the

Cloud division.

Next we discussed in depth the preparation and terms of SAP's
acquisition of Ariba, Inc. (Ariba), a company headquartered

in Sunnyvale, California, in the United States. In terms of
revenue, Ariba is the second biggest cloud services provider in
the world, the world’s largest trading network for business
customers, and the market leader in cloud-based business

26

transactions. The Executive Board informed us in detail

about the benefits of the proposed acquisition. The proposed
acquisition of Ariba would not be just another cloud takeover
but the acquisition of an online interenterprise business
network. Such business networks make it easier for companies
to make purchases at their partners and suppliers. SAP’s
195,000 customers (at that point in time) would be able to access
the Ariba platform via prebuilt integration points and soon take
advantage of Ariba’s cloud-based online trading network. The
Executive Board explained in detail its justification of the planned
tender offer price based on two fairness opinions (these are
independent expert opinions), the internal and external finance
requirements, its strategy and schedule for integrating the
business, the opportunities the acquisition brought, and the risks
it entailed according to due diligence checks. After completion

of the acquisition, the Supervisory Board would be asked to
approve the appointment of Ariba’s CEO to the Global
Managing Board. Next, the Finance and Investment Committee
reported that it had met before our meeting to examine and
discuss in depth the issues and documents relating to the Ariba
acquisition, particularly the due diligence reports. The
Committee recommended that we consent to the acquisition
of Ariba. After discussing the matter thoroughly, the Supervisory
Board authorized the Executive Board to conclude a merger
agreement between SAP America, Inc., its subsidiary Angel
Expansion Corporation created especially for the acquisition,
and Ariba, and to purchase all of the shares of Ariba at a price of
US$45 per share. We also authorized the Executive Board to
finance part of the purchase price with a credit on the terms it
described to us. To this end, we also consented to the proposed
internal funding arrangements, which also involved other SAP
subsidiaries, required to implement the acquisition.

Inaugural Meeting in May
Immediately after the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
on May 23, 2012, the Supervisory Board held its inaugural
meeting. After bidding farewell to members who had resigned
from the Supervisory Board, the newly elected Supervisory

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 22 ---

Board elected Hasso Plattner as chairperson of the Supervisory
Board and Christiane Kuntz-Mayr as deputy chairperson. This
was followed by the election of members to the Mediation
Committee.

Finally, we elected members to the General and Compensation
Committee, the Audit Committee, the Finance and Investment
Committee, the Technology and Strategy Committee, the
Nomination Committee, and the Special Committee.

Meeting in July

The Supervisory Board meeting on July 12, 2012, focused
primarily on Luisa Deplazes Delgado's appointment as SAP’s
new chief human resources officer. Luisa Deplazes Delgado
was in attendance and introduced herself to us. The General
and Compensation Committee then explained its reasons for
recommending Luisa Deplazes Delgado’s appointment to the
Executive Board. We resolved Luisa Deplazes Delgado’s
appointment to the Executive Board as chief human resources
officer and labor relations director of SAP AG effective
September 1, 2012, as well as her contract of employment and
her compensation.

Other focus items were business in the second quarter of 2012,
an assessment of the first half of the year, forecasts for the
second half of the year, and plans for the future based on the
Group's medium-term strategy for the period to 2015. The
Executive Board reported to us on the results from the various
lines of business, growth in the Company's five market
categories, SAP's general competitive position, the positive
outcome of the SAPPHIRE conferences, investments in China,
and the status of integration of SuccessFactors and Sybase.
Members of the Executive Board explained in-depth the Field
Services structure and solution and product portfolio
management. They also reported on the status of the recently
implemented cost-saving measures. In addition, we adopted a
resolution to amend the Rules of Procedure of the General and
Compensation Committee and the Technology and Strategy
Committee. As a result of these agreed amendments, the number
of members in the Technology and Strategy Committee was
increased to 10 and a deputy chairperson was elected for this
Committee.

Report by the Supervisory Board

In anticipation of the successful Ariba acquisition, the
Supervisory Board approved the refinancing of the acquisition
loan as presented, which involved issuing bonds in euros in
several tranches or arranging a private placement in the United
States in several tranches (or both).

Meeting in October

Our October 11, 2012, meeting took place in Shanghai, China,
and focused on the Company's market strategy for China.
Holding the meeting in China allowed us to gain direct insight
into the structures of the Chinese market and its importance
for SAP. We also attended several presentations during our visit
to SAP Labs China in Shanghai, where we witnessed the
innovative power of this development location firsthand.

The Executive Board reported in detail on business in the third
quarter, its forecast for the fourth quarter of 2012, and
SAP's position compared to key competitors. Members of the
Executive Board then reported to us on the Company's
medium-term revenue goals under its strategy for the period
to 2015 and on the success of the measures taken so far to
achieve those goals. They also updated us on the integration
of Sybase and on business developments in the Cloud line

of business since the acquisition of SuccessFactors. They
explained SAP's current cloud portfolio and named the most
important customer contracts.

A further item on the agenda was SAP's market strategy for
China. We discussed this matter in depth and received a
progress report from the Executive Board with respect to SAP's
marketing activities, current growth status, and further
potentials on the Chinese market in the coming years.

At the recommendation of the General and Compensation
Committee, we next resolved to make further amendments to
STI 2012, MT! 2010, MTI 2011, and LT! 2015 so as to eliminate
special effects for Executive Board compensation from the Ariba
acquisition.

In agreement with the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board

then adopted, for regular publication in October 2012, the
annual declaration of implementation of the German Corporate

27


--- Page 23 ---

Governance Code (the “Code” in this report) pursuant to the
German Stock Corporation Act, section 161. The General and
Compensation Committee reported that it had met immediately
before our meeting to examine compliance with the declaration
of implementation of the Code. Furthermore the Supervisory
Board determined that it has an adequate number of
independent members. Some Supervisory Board members
currently had business dealings with SAP or held senior
positions in companies that currently had business dealings
with SAP, or had done so in the course of the year. SAP's
business dealings with these persons or companies are or were
at arm’s length. In our view, especially given the limited
scope and economic weight of those dealings, those business
dealings did not affect the independence of the Supervisory
Board members concerned.

At appropriate intervals, normally every October, the Supervisory
Board conducts an investigation into the efficiency of its own
work, in line with the recommendation in section 5.6 of the
Code. Since the term of office of the current Supervisory Board
membership only started at the end of the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders on May 23, 2012, this investigation
was postponed to 2013. This was to give the newly elected
members a chance to make their efficiency assessment on the
basis of an adequate number of meetings of the Supervisory
Board and its committees.

Resolution Adopted by Correspondence in November

In November, we approved by circular correspondence vote a
capital increase from authorized capital in connection with

the SAP Share Matching Plan (SMP) 2012. The background to
this was the transfer of SAP shares to employees participating

in SMP 2012, who for legal or other reasons were unable to use
shares from treasury stock for the transfer.

Resolution Adopted by Correspondence in December

In December 2012, we consented by correspondence to a
supplement to the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 for Executive
Board member Jim Hagemann Snabe, to take into account a
change in Danish case law. A further resolution, moved using
the circular correspondence procedure in December 2012
concerning the appointment of new regional presidents, was
resolved in January 2013 with the consent of the Supervisory
Board.

28

THE WORK OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD COMMITTEES
The Committees made a key contribution to the work of the
Supervisory Board and reported on their work to us. The
Committees that were set up in 2012 included (as at December
31, 2012):
— General and Compensation Committee: Hasso Plattner
(chairperson), Panagiotis Bissiritsas, Wilhelm Haarmann,
Lars Lamadé, Bernard Liautaud, Margret Klein-Magar
— Audit Committee: Erhard Schipporeit (chairperson), Stefan
Schulz, Inga Wiele, Klaus Wucherer
— Finance and Investment Committee: Wilhelm Haarmann
(chairperson), Panagiotis Bissiritsas, Hartmut Mehdorn,
urt Reiner
— Technology and Strategy Committee: Hasso Plattner
(chairperson), Stefan Schulz (deputy chairperson),
Pekka Ala-Pietila, Anja Feldmann, Christiane Kuntz-Mayr,
Bernard Liautaud, Kurt Reiner, Mario Rosa-Bian, Inga Wiele,
Jaus Wucherer
— Mediation Committee: Hasso Plattner (chairperson),
Christiane Kuntz-Mayr, Hartmut Mehdorn, Mario Rosa-Bian
— Nomination Committee: Hasso Plattner (chairperson),
Pekka Ala-Pietila, Bernard Liautaud
— Special Committee: Hasso Plattner (chairperson),
Pekka Ala-Pietila, Wilhelm Haarmann, Margret Klein-Magar,
Lars Lamadé, Erhard Schipporeit

The Committees that met or acted were the General and
Compensation Committee, the Finance and Investment
Committee, the Audit Committee, the Technology and Strategy
Committee, the Nomination Committee, and the Special
Committee.

For more information about the Supervisory Board committees
and their individual duties, see SAP’s corporate governance
statement pursuant to the German Commercial Code, section
289a, published on our Public Web site at: www.sap.com/
corporate-en/investors/governance.

During 2012, the Committees focused on the following topics:

— The General and Compensation Committee held seven
regular meetings and one extraordinary meeting. In its meetings,
the Committee discussed the annual report it receives from
the capital market compliance officer each January. It also
prepared the Supervisory Board's resolutions concerning

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 24 ---

Executive Board compensation, the appointment of Lars
Dalgaard and Luisa Deplazes Delgado to the Executive Board,
the extension of existing Executive Board appointments,

and the report from the corporate governance officer. The
Committee members met with Luisa Deplazes Delgado in

an extraordinary meeting in April to get to know the candidate
personally prior to recommending her to the Executive
Board. At the July 2012 meeting, the Committee deliberated
changes to the Rules of Procedure for the General and
Compensation Committee and the Technology and Strategy
Committee and resolved its recommendation to the
Supervisory Board. At its meeting on September 24, 2012,
the Committee discussed the Company's implementation

of the recommendations in the German Corporate Governance
Code, prepared the Supervisory Board's decisions with
respect to submission of the implementation declaration and
determination of the independence of Supervisory Board
members, and resolved to amend the non-competition clause
in Executive Board member contracts. At both its March and
October 2012 meetings, the Committee agreed its proposed
resolutions regarding adjustments to the STI, MTI, and LT!
elements of Executive Board compensation. As explained
above, the adjustments were aimed at eliminating any special
effects arising from the SuccessFactors and Ariba acquisitions.
The Committee also discussed succession planning for the
Executive Board throughout the year, particularly at its March
meeting and at its October meeting. It also consented to the
appointment of Bob Calderoni to the Global Managing Board.
At its December 2012 meeting, the Committee resolved by
circular correspondence vote the agenda for the Supervisory
Board meeting on February 14, 2013. It also consented to the
secondary employment of an Executive Board member as

a supervisory board member or director of anon-SAP
company at its July and October 2012 meetings.
The Finance and Investment Committee held five meetings
in 2012, one of which was held jointly with the Technology
and Strategy Committee. It also adopted one resolution by
circular correspondence. At its meeting on February 15, 2012,
the Committee discussed the results of the Company's 2011

Report by the Supervisory Board

acquisitions, received a report about SAP's medium and
long-term financial strategy, and was updated on the status
of the integration of Sybase. The April and May 2012
meetings focused on the Syclo and Ariba acquisitions. The
Committee received in-depth information from the Executive
Board concerning the acquisitions, consented to the Syclo
acquisition, and resolved to recommend the Ariba acquisition
to the Supervisory Board. At its meeting in July, the Finance

and Investment Committee deliberated the capital market
refinancing for the Ariba acquisition and resolved its
recommendation to the Supervisory Board. In a joint meeting
with the Technology and Strategy Committee, also held in July
2012, the two Committees received a status report on SAP’s
acquisition strategy and discussed the report on the success
of the Company's 2008-2011 acquisitions. In May 2012,

the Finance and Investment Committee approved by circular
correspondence vote the establishment of the SAP HANA
Real-Time Fund. With a volume of approximately €126 million,
the SAP HANA Real-Time Fund provides early-stage venture
capital funding for individual companies that develo
applications for processing real-time data. At the same time,
the Fund offers SAP a communication network of investors
and companies in this segment.
The Audit Committee held four physical meetings and four
telephone conference meetings in 2012. It deliberated on the
SAP AG and consolidated financial statements, the combined
management report, and the Annual Report on Form 20-F
for 2011. It also discussed the future development of risk
management in the Group, the monitoring of the financial
reporting process, internal controls, the risk management
structure, the internal audit system, and compliance in the
SAP Group. In addition, the Committee did preparatory work
on the Supervisory Board's proposal to the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders with respect to the election of an
auditor for 2012, and verified the recommended auditor's
independence. Following the election of the auditor, the Audit
Committee decided with the auditor on the focus areas of
the audit and agreed the auditor's fee. The Audit Committee
deliberated regularly on SAP's business performance and its
impact on the Company's financial accounting. It discussed
with the Executive Board the results for 2011, the results

of the 2012 audit, the 2012 quarterly results and quarterly

29


--- Page 25 ---

reports, and the auditor's quarterly reviews of selected
software agreements. The auditor attended all physical Audit
Committee meetings and reported in depth on its audit work
and on its quarterly reviews of selected software agreements.
In addition to these discussions in the physical meetings, the
Executive Board held telephone conferences with the Audit
Committee before the announcement of the preliminary
quarterly results to inform Committee members about the
preparation and review of the quarterly financial reports and
about the preliminary quarterly results. The Audit Committee
also discussed each respective quarterly report with the
Executive Board in these telephone conferences. The Audit
Committee also deliberated on intellectual property litigation
in the context of monitoring the Company's internal risk
management structures. At the July 11, 2012, meeting, the
Audit Comittee was informed about KPMG's planned audit
focus areas. The Audit Committee received the latest news on
the TomorrowNow litigation, among other things, at its
October 10, 2012, meeting. It also discussed the effectiveness
of the internal control system, internal audit service, and
compliance system. The Committee likewise discussed the
internal audit service's audit plan.

— The Technology and Strategy Committee met four times
in 2012. It discussed the key trends in the software industry
in the years to come and SAP's corporate and product
strategies. The meetings primarily addressed SAP HANA
technology and plans to use SAP HANA as the platform
for SAP applications. A further focal point was the Company's
cloud computing strategy and its implementation. As already
reported above, the Committee also held a joint meeting
in July with the Finance and Investment Committee, in which
the two Committees discussed SAP's acquisition strategy
and took stock of the recent acquisitions. Last but not least,
the Technology and Strategy Committee discussed SAP's
mobile apps strategy, Sybase Unwired Platform, and the
Company's strategy with regard to business intelligence.

30

— The Nomination Committee is composed exclusively of
shareholder representatives. It met once in 2012 immediately
before the Supervisory Board’s March meeting, to prepare
the Supervisory Board’s recommendation for shareholder
representatives to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
and to submit the Committee’s recommendation.

— The Special Committee is tasked with coordinating and
managing the Supervisory Board's external legal advisors
concerned with the investigation and analysis of the facts in
connection with the TomorrowNow litigation. It monitored
the developments in the case based on information provided
by the Executive Board and counsel in the United States. In
June 2012, the Special Committee in a circular correspondence
vote authorized the Executive Board to conclude a lower
court settlement with Oracle in the aforementioned legal
action. The Committee was supported in this regard by
separate counsel appointed by the Supervisory Board to
advise the Committee. The Committee did not meet in 2012.
As outlined above, the full Supervisory Board itself discussed
the reports and opinions of its legal counsel in depth
throughout the first half of the year.

Regular reports from the committees ensured that we were
kept fully informed of all matters covered by the committees
and were therefore able to discuss and deliberate on those
topics thoroughly.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

SAP's corporate governance officer monitored our compliance
with those recommendations in the Code with which in

our declaration we claim to comply, and reported in full to the
Supervisory Board. Members of the Executive Board and of
the Supervisory Board had no conflicts of interest that were
required to be disclosed to the Supervisory Board pursuant to
sections 4.3.4 and 5.5.2 of the Code. The Supervisory Board, as
reported above, consented to the conclusion of a contract with
a member of the Supervisory Board. In addition, the General
and Compensation Committee consented to a business
dealing involving a member of the Executive Board, which was

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 26 ---

consistent with industry standards and immaterial. Other
contracts with members of the Executive Board or Supervisory
Board that would have required a prior resolution of the
Supervisory Board were not concluded.

For more information about Code compliance, see the Executive
and Supervisory Boards’ corporate governance report. The
Supervisory Board closely examined the Executive Board's
corporate governance statement pursuant to the German
Commercial Code, section 289a. We approved the statement in
conjunction with the management report.

SAP AG AND CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS FOR 2012

KPMG audited the SAP AG and consolidated financial statements
for 2012. The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders elected
KPMG as the SAP AG and SAP Group auditor on Wednesday,
May 23, 2012. The Supervisory Board proposed the
appointment of KPMG on the recommendation of the Audit
Committee. Before proposing KPMG to the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders as auditor for the year, the chairperson
of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee obtained
confirmation from KPMG that circumstances did not exist that
might prejudice or raise any doubt concerning its independence
as the Company's auditor. In that connection, KPMG informed
us of the volume of other services it provided to the Group in
the past year and had been engaged to provide in the year to
come. The Supervisory Board has agreed with KPMG that

the auditor should report to the Supervisory Board and record
in the auditor's report any fact found during the audit that is
inconsistent with the declaration given by the Executive Board
and the Supervisory Board concerning implementation of

the German Corporate Governance Code. KPMG examined the
SAP AG financial statements prepared in accordance with

the German Commercial Code, the consolidated financial
statements prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as required by the German
Commercial Code, section 315a, and the combined SAP AG

Report by the Supervisory Board

and SAP Group management report, and certified them
without qualification. The auditor thus confirmed that, in its
opinion and based on its audit in accordance with the
applicable accounting principles, the SAP AG and consolidated
financial statements give a true and fair view of the net assets,
financial position, and results of operations of SAP AG and the
SAP Group. The auditor also confirmed that the combined SAP AG
and SAP Group management report is consistent with the
corresponding financial statements and as a whole gives a
suitable view of the position of SAP AG and the SAP Group and
of foreseeable opportunities and risks. KPMG had completed

its audit of SAP's internal control over financial reporting and
certified without qualification that it complies with the
applicable U.S. standards. The auditor states in its opinion that
it considers SAP's internal controls over financial reporting

to be effective in all material respects. All Audit Committee and
Supervisory Board members received the documents
concerning the financial statements mentioned above, the audit
reports prepared by KPMG, and the Executive Board's proposal
concerning the appropriation of retained earnings in good time.

On February 21, 2013, the Executive Board prepared the financial
accounts of SAP AG and the Group for 2012, comprising

the SAP AG financial statements, the consolidated financial
statements, and the combined management report, and
promptly submitted them to the Supervisory Board.

At the meeting of the Audit Committee on March 21, 2013, and
at the meeting of the Supervisory Board on March 21, 2013,
the Executive Board explained the financial statements of SAP
AG and the SAP Group and its proposal concerning the
appropriation of retained earnings. It also explained the Annual
Report on Form 20-F to the Audit Committee meeting. At

the meetings, members of the Executive Board also answered
questions from the Audit Committee and the Supervisory
Board.

After the Executive Board had explained them, the Audit
Committee and the Supervisory Board reviewed the financial
statement documents in the light of KPMG’s audit reports.
The representatives of the auditor who attended presented full

31


--- Page 27 ---

reports on the audit and the results of the audit to the Audit
Committee and Supervisory Board meetings and explained the
audit report. The auditor also reported that it had not identified
any material weaknesses in our internal control and risk-
management structure for financial reporting. Both the Audit
Committee and the Supervisory Board asked detailed
questions about the form, scope, and results of the audit. The
Audit Committee reported to the Supervisory Board on its

own review of the financial accounts, its discussions with the
Executive Board and with the auditor, and its supervision of

the financial reporting process. It confirmed that as part of its
supervisory work, it had addressed the effectiveness of the
SAP Group internal control, risk management, and internal
auditing structures and found them to be effective.

The Committee also reported that KPMG had told it no
circumstances had arisen that might give cause for concern
about KPMG's impartiality and had listed the services it

had provided that were not part of the audit. The Committee
reported that it had examined the auditor's independence,
taking the non-audit services it had rendered into
consideration, and stated that in the Committee's opinion the
auditor possessed the required degree of independence.

The Audit Committee and the Supervisory Board satisfied
themselves that KPMG had conducted the audit properly. In
particular, they concluded that both the audit reports and

the audit itself fulfilled the legal requirements. On the basis of
the report and the Audit Committee’s recommendation, the
Supervisory Board approved the audit and, because there were
no findings from our own examination, we gave our consent
to the SAP AG financial statements, the consolidated financial
statements, and the SAP AG and SAP Group management
report (including the Executive Board's corporate governance
statement pursuant to the German Commercial Code, section

32

289a). The financial statements and management report were
thus formally adopted. The Supervisory Board's opinion of the
Company and the Group coincided with that of the Executive
Board as set out in the combined management report. The
Supervisory Board considered the proposal presented by the
Executive Board concerning the appropriation of retained
earnings. We had regard to the requirements of dividends policy,
the effects on the liquidity of the Group, and the interests of
the shareholders. We also discussed these matters with the
auditor. We then endorsed the Executive Board's proposal
concerning the appropriation of retained earnings. We approved
this present report.

2012 COMPENSATION FOR EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS
he Supervisory Board, as reported above, discussed the
matter of Executive Board compensation on several occasions
in 2012. The discussions focused primarily on setting the

ey performance indicators (KPI) for the STI 2012, and on the
amendments to be made to compensation components to
eliminate special effects resulting from acquisitions.

As explained in detail in the Compensation Report, the 2012 total
compensation for Executive Board members is made up of a
fixed annual salary, a variable compensation component for the
current fiscal year (Short-Term Incentive, STI), and a long-term
compensation component that is based on the SAP share price
(Long-Term Incentive, LT1). The individual variable compensation
components developed differently compared to the previous
year.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 28 ---

The sum of fixed annual salary plus ST! 2012 decreased 37% to
43% for all Executive Board members who were also members
of the Executive Board in both 2011 and 2012. The main reason
for this reduction is that specific targets upon which the STI is
based were not met. Even taking into account the medium-term
variable compensation component granted for the fiscal year
2010 (MTI 2010), which is scheduled to be paid out at the end
of 2012 in accordance with the three-year vesting period,

the compensation based on short-term and medium-term
components is still 13% to 21% below the short-term
compensation paid out in 2011.

On the other hand, the value of the long-term share-based
component (LT1) rose significantly in 2012. This increase is due
primarily to a higher allocation resulting from revisions to the
long-term share-based compensation plan in 2011, which were
based on comparative data from other companies. In addition,
in connection with the higher LTI allocation, the Supervisory
Board places a stronger focus on achieving the long-term goals
of the 2015 strategy and thus calls on the Executive Board

to pursue sustainable management, particularly with regard to
increasing the value of the Company.

The above factors in total translate into a 15% to 51% increase
in the 2012 compensation for Executive Board members. The
share-based long-term compensation amount actually paid out
is influenced on the one hand by the number of vested Restricted
Stock Units (RSUs) depending on the corresponding target
achievement in 2012, and on the other hand by the average price
of SAP stock at the end of January 2016 and thus further
stock performance. The LT! amount will only be paid out after
this period.

Report by the Supervisory Board

MEMBERSHIP CHANGES ON THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
AND EXECUTIVE BOARD

In 2012, the regular elections of the members of the Supervisory
Board took place: The employee representatives were
elected according to the German Codetermination Act, and

the shareholder representatives were elected at the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders on May 23. The new Supervisory
Board now consists of shareholder representatives Hasso
Plattner (chairperson), Pekka Ala-Pietila, Anja Feldmann, Wilhelm
Haarmann, Bernard Liautaud, Hartmut Mehdorn, Erhard
Schipporeit, and Klaus Wucherer, and employee representatives
Christiane Kuntz-Mayr (deputy chairperson), Panagiotis
Bissiritsas, Margret Klein-Magar, Lars Lamadé, Kurt Rainer,
Mario Rosa-Bian, Stefan Schulz, and Inga Wiele.

In addition, the Supervisory Board appointed Lars Dalgaard
and Luisa Deplazes Delgado to the Executive Board with effect
from April 12,2012, and September 1, 2012, respectively.

The Supervisory Board thanks the Executive Board, the managers
of the Group companies, and all of our employees for their
commitment and hard work in 2012. We would also like to thank
our customers and partners, who contributed significantly to
SAP's success as well.

For the Supervisory Board

Professor Hasso Plattner
(Chairperson)

33


--- Page 29 ---

Compensation Report”

COMPENSATION FOR EXECUTIVE AND SUPERVISORY
BOARD MEMBERS

This compensation report outlines the criteria that we applied
for the year 2012 to determine compensation for Executive
Board and Supervisory Board members, discloses the amount
of compensation paid, and describes the compensation
systems. It also contains information about Executive Board
members’ share-based payment plans, shares held by
Executive Board and Supervisory Board members, and the
directors’ dealings required to be disclosed in accordance
with the German Securities Trading Act.

COMPENSATION FOR EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS

Compensation System for 2012

Executive Board members’ compensation for 2012 is intended

to reflect SAP's size and global presence as well as our economic
and financial standing. The compensation level is internationally
competitive to reward committed, successful work in a dynamic
environment.

The Executive Board compensation package is performance-

based. In 2012, it had three elements:

— A fixed annual salary

- Avariable short-term incentive (STI) plan to reward
performance in the plan year

— ARestricted Share Unit-based long-term incentive (LTI) plan
tied to the price of SAP shares (RSU Milestone Plan 2015)

The Supervisory Board set a compensation target for the sum
of the fixed and the variable elements. It reviews, and if
appropriate revises, this compensation target every year. The
review takes into account SAP's business performance and
the compensation paid to board members at comparable
companies on the international stage. The amount of variable
compensation depends on SAP’s performance against
performance targets that the Supervisory Board sets for each
plan year. The performance targets are key performance
indicator (KPI) values aligned to the SAP budget for the plan
year.

» This Compensation report is part of the audited management report.

34

The following criteria apply to the elements of Executive Board
compensation for 2012:

— The fixed element is paid as a monthly salary.

— The variable compensation under the STI 2012 plan depends
on the SAP Group's performance against the KPI target
values for constant currency software revenue growth and
non-IFRS constant currency operating margin as well as
non-IFRS constant currency cloud subscription and support
revenue. In addition, the STI element has a discretionary
component that allows the Supervisory Board, at the end of
the period in question, to address not only an Executive
Board member's individual performance, but also SAP's
performance in terms of market position, innovative power,
customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, and
attractiveness as an employer. Moreover, if there has been
any extraordinary and unforeseeable event the Supervisory
Board can, at its reasonable discretion, retroactively adjust
payouts up or down in the interest of SAP. On February 14,
2013, the Supervisory Board assessed SAP's performance
against the agreed targets and determined the amount of
STI payable. The STI pays out after the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders in June 2013.

The long-term incentive element is called the RSU Milestone
Plan 2015. “RSU” stands for “restricted share unit.” This
four-year plan focuses on the SAP share price and on certain
objectives derived from our Company strategy for the years
through 2015. For each of the four years, the members of the
Executive Board are allocated a certain number of SAP RSUs
for the respective year based on a budget amount that was
granted and paid out to each Executive Board member in
2012 already for the years 2012 through 2015. The number of
RSUs allocated to each member for a given year is his or her
target amount (an amount in euros) for that year divided by
the SAP share price over a reference period (defined in the
RSU Milestone Plan 2015 terms) at the beginning of the year
in question. If the Executive Board member leaves before

the end of a financial year, the RSUs for the respective year
as well as the subsequent years are forfeited.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 30 ---

— The number of RSUs an Executive Board member actually
earns in respect of a given year could be greater or smaller
than the initial allocation. It depends on Company performance
against the objectives for that year (a year is a “performance
period” in the plan). The objectives derive from SAP’s strategy
for the period to 2015. The plan objectives relate to two key
performance indicators (KPIs): Our non-IFRS total revenue
and our non-IFRS operating profit. The KPI targets have
already been set for the entire life of the RSU Milestone Plan
2015 for the years 2012 to 2015 and will merely be adjusted
for the effects of key acquisitions.

— After the end of each fiscal year, the Supervisory Board

assesses the Company's performance against the objectives

set for that year and determines the number of RSUs to be
finally allocated to (and which then vest in) each Executive

Board member. There are objective-based performance

hurdles to clear each year before any RSUs can vest. There is

also a cap: Normally, the quantity of vested RSUs a member
can attain in respect of a plan year is capped at 150% of his
or her initial RSU allocation for that year.

The Company strategy underlying the RSU Milestone Plan

2015 focuses on where SAP aims to be by 2015, so the plan

gives greater weight to performance against the KPI targets

for 2015 (the final year of the plan) than against the targets
for 2012 through 2014. After the end of 2015, the number

of vested RSUs a member of the Executive Board actually

receives for that year is revised. In circumstances where the

targets for the individual years are not achieved but the 2015

targets are achieved, the outcome of this revision would be

that a member would receive as many vested RSUs for 2015

as would make up for any that he or she did not receive in the

earlier years by reason of failure to achieve targets. On the
other hand, if the Company underachieves against the

2015 objectives, Executive Board members may in the worst

case lose all of the vested RSUs allocated to them for 2015.

All vested RSUs are subject to a three-year holding period.

The holding period commences at the end of the year for

which the RSUs were allocated. The amount an RSU eventually

pays out depends on the SAP share price at the end of the
holding period. A member who leaves the Executive Board
before the end of the plan retains his or her vested RSUs for
completed plan years but does not retain any allocated but
unvested RSUs for the year during which he or she leaves. If
amember leaves the Executive Board before the beginning
of the subsequent year, no RSUs are finally allocated.

2

Compensation Report

— Each vested RSU entitles its holder to a (gross) payout
corresponding to the price of one SAP share after the end
of the three-year holding period. The applicable share price
is measured over a reference period defined in the RSU
Milestone Plan 2015 terms.

— Subject to the requirements in the German Stock Corporation
Act, section 87 (1), the Supervisory Board is entitled to
revise the STI and the LTI in extraordinary and unforeseeable
circumstances.

— The LT| component consists of the issue of RSUs under
the terms of the RSU Milestone Plan 2015. For the terms and
details of the RSU Milestone Plan 2015, see the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (27). The
number of RSUs to be issued to each member of the Executive
Board in 2012 by way of long-term incentive was decided by
the Supervisory Board on February 16, 2012.

The contracts of Executive Board members Bill McDermott,
Lars Dalgaard, and Vishal Sikka include clauses that determine
the exchange rates for the translation of euro-denominated
compensation into U.S. dollars.

In prior years, the Executive Board members were granted

a variable medium-term incentive (MTI) plan to reward
performance in the plan year and the two subsequent years.
The variable compensation under the MTI 2010 granted for
the fiscal year 2010 depends on the SAP Group's performance
over the three years 2010 to 2012 against the KPI target values
for software and software-related service revenue growth

and earnings per share (both of which are non-IFRS, constant
currency values). In addition, the MTI element has a
discretionary component that is assessed by the Supervisory
Board at the end of the plan period. The close of the fiscal
year 2012 represents the end of the plan period for the MT
2010, and therefore the corresponding entitlement under

the MTI 2010 is included in the compensation for the fiscal
year 2012. The payment will be due after the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders in June 2013. MTI 2011 will pay

out in 2014 respectively.

35


--- Page 31 ---

Executive Board Members’ Compensation for the Financial Year 2012
€ thousands

Fixed Elements

Performance-Related Element Compensation

for 2012»
Short-Term and Medium-Term Long-Term
Incentive Elements. Incentive
Element
Salary Other” STI MTI 2010 Share-Based
Payment (RSU
Milestone Plan
Bill McDermott (co-CEO)* 1,203.3 415.9 1,581.5 1,259.6 4,318.4 8,778.7
Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 1,150.0 163.8 1,545.7 1,067.6 4,318.4 8,245.5
Dr. Werner Brandt 700.0 26.7 935.5 645.1 1,549.1 3,856.4
Lars Dalgaard (from April 12,2012) 528.9 ie) 690.4 0 1,156.2 2,375.5
Luisa Deplazes Delgado 233.3 96.4 193.9 0 414.4 938.0
(from September 1, 2012)
Gerhard Oswald 700.0 16.5 935.5 645.1 1,549.1 3,846.2
Dr. Vishal Sikka® 733.4 143.9 957.2 635.1 1,549.1 4,018.7
Toa Saseg saz sans ass) anesa7 52.0580

» Compensation attributable to Executive Board members for the financial year 2012 including the plan tranche 2012 of LT! 2015 based on the grant value at time of grant
® Insurance contributions, benefits in kind, expenses for maintenance of two households, relocation costs, non-recurring payments, use of aircraft, tax

Fair value at the time of grant

“Includes discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following items: Salary for 2012: €53,300; profit-sharing bonus for 2012: €35,800; MTI 2010: €192,000
Includes discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following items: Salary for 2012: €33,400; profit-sharing bonus for 2012: €21,700; MTI 2010: €57200
© Includes discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following items: Salary for 2012: €24,900; profit-sharing bonus for 2012: €15 600

In 2012, in addition to the LTI grant for 2012, Executive Board
members have already received the LTI grants for the years 2013
to 2015, which are dependent on their uninterrupted tenure

as Executive Board member in the years in question. Although
these allocations are tied to the respective years and thus —
from an economic perspective — represent compensation for
the Executive Board members in the respective years, for the
purpose of disclosure in the Compensation Report the grants
must be included in the total compensation for Executive
Board members for the year in which the grants were allocated
pursuant to section 314 of the German Commercial Code.

36

Vesting of a plan tranche is dependent on the respective
Executive Board member's continuous service for the Company
in the respective fiscal year. The contracts of Werner Brandt
and Gerhard Oswald are currently set to expire in mid-2014,
while the contracts of Lars Dalgaard and Luisa Deplazes Delgado
are set to expire in mid-2015. As a result, the LTI allocations for
the years 2014 to 2015 (for Werner Brandt and Gerhard Oswald)
and the LTI allocations for the year 2015 (for Lars Dalgaard

and Luisa Deplazes Delgado) had not yet been allocated with
legally binding force in 2012.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 32 ---

Assuming uninterrupted service on the Executive Board during
the period in question, additional grants for Executive Board
members for future years shall be €4,390,000 for each
co-CEO and €1,574,800 for each regular Executive Board
member, in each of 2013, 2014, and 2015 (except Luisa Deplazes
Delgado, who shall receive €1,291,600 for the year 2013).

The total compensation for 2012 pursuant to section 314 of
the German Commercial Code, in other words, including this
additional compensation as well as the long-term compensation
tranches granted but not yet earned, amounts to €72,288,800,
thereof: Bill McDermott: €21,948,700, Jim Hagemann Snabe
€21,415,500, Werner Brandt €5,431,200, Lars Dalgaard
€5,524,900, Luisa Deplazes Delgado €3,804,400, Gerhard
Oswald €5,421,000, Vishal Sikka €8,743,100.

Assuming 100% target achievement, the amounts the MT1
2011 will pay out in 2014 are as follows:

MTI Target Payouts
€ thousands

MTI 2011 Target

Payouts 2014
Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 820.0
Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 820.0
Dr. Werner Brandt 495.5
Gerhard Oswald 495.5
Dr. Vishal Sikka 495.5

The share-based payment amounts in 2012 result from the
following RSUs under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015.

Compensation Report

37


--- Page 33 ---

Share-Based Payment Under RSU Milestone Plan 2015

Grants for 2012

Quantity Grant Value per Total Grant Value at

Unit at Time of Time of Grant

Grant

€ € thousands

Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 95,414 45.26 4,318.4
Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 95,414 45.26 4,318.4
Dr. Werner Brandt 34,226 45.26 1,549.1
Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) 24,594 47.01 1,156.2
Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) 8,332 49.73 414.4
Gerhard Oswald 34,226 45.26 1,549.1
Dr. Vishal Sikka 34,226 45.26 1,549.1

Total Executive Board Compensation in 2011
€ thousands

Fixed Elements Performance- Long-Term Total

Related Element Incentive

Elements

Salary Other» Short-Term — Share-Based Pay-

Incentive (STI) ment (SAP SOP.

2010)
Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 1,279.9 408.0 3,935.5 950.0 6,573.4
Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 1,150.0 107.6 3,271.2 950.0 5,478.8
Dr. Werner Brandt 700.0 29.7 1,979.6 577.0 3,286.3
Gerhard Oswald 700.0 34.5 1,979.6 577.0 3,291.1
Dr. Vishal Sikka® 700.0 120.5 2,103.7 577.0 3,501.2
Dr. Angelika Dammann (member until July 8, 2011) 466.7 45.9 1,163.1 384.7 2,060.4

Total

2 Fair value at the time of grant

® Insurance contributions, benefits in kind, expenses for maintenance of two households due to work abroad, reimbursement of legal and tax advice fees, non-recurring payments, use of aircraft, tax

Includes discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following items: Salary for 2011: €129.900; profit-sharing bonus for 2011: €664,300
Includes a discrete payment arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following item: Profit-sharing bonus for 2011: £124,100
‘Angelika Dammann’s appointment as member of the Executive Board ended on July 8, 2011. Her contract with SAP AG ended on August 31, 2011. Due to the end of her contract on August 31, 2011, the number of virtual options
issued to her in 2011 was reduced. The amount of the Short-Term Incentive includes pro rata temporis amounts of the STI 2011 (€585,000), the MTI 2011 (€330,300) and the MT! 2010 (€247800),

38

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 34 ---

Share-Based Payment Under SAP SOP 2010 (2011 Grants)

2011 Grants

Total Fair Value at
Time of Grant

Quantity Fair Value per Right
at Time of Grant

€ € thousands
Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 112,426 8.45 950.0
Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 112,426 8.45 950.0
Dr. Werner Brandt 68,284 8.45 577.0
Gerhard Oswald 68,284 8.45 577.0
Dr. Vishal Sikka 68,284 8.45 577.0

Total

END-OF-SERVICE BENEFITS
Regular End-of-Service Undertakings

Retirement Pension Plan

Members of the Executive Board receive a retirement pension
when they reach the retirement age of 60 and vacate their
Executive Board seat, or a disability pension if, before reaching
the regular retirement age, they become subject to occupational
disability or permanent incapacity. A surviving dependent'’s
ension is paid on the death of a former member of the Executive
Board. The disability pension is 100% of the vested retirement
ension entitlement and is payable until the beneficiary’s 60th
irthday, after which it is replaced by a retirement pension.

The surviving dependent's pension is 60% of the retirement
ension or vested disability pension entitlement at death.
Entitlements are enforceable against SAP AG. Current pension
ayments are reviewed annually for adjustments and, if
applicable, increased according to the surplus in the pension
iability insurance.

f service is ended before the retirement age of 60 is reached,
ension entitlement is reduced in proportion as the actual
ength of service stands in relation to the maximum possible
length of service.

he applied retirement pension plan is contributory.

he contribution is 4% of applicable compensation up to the
applicable income threshold plus 14% of applicable
compensation above the applicable income threshold. For this
purpose, applicable compensation is 180% of annual base

Compensation Report

salary. The applicable income threshold is the statutory annual
income threshold for the state pension plan in Germany (West),
as amended from time to time.

Exceptional retirement pension agreements apply to the fol-

lowing Executive Board members:

— Prior to May 18, 2012, Bill McDermott and Vishal Sikka
had rights to future benefits under the pension plan of SAP
America. The pension plan of SAP America was a cash
balance plan that on retirement provided either monthly
pension payments or a lump sum. The pension became
available from the beneficiary's 65th birthday. Subject to
certain conditions, the plan also provided earlier payment or
invalidity benefits. The portion of the SAP America pension
plan classified as “Qualified Retirement Plan” according to
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)
was terminated and all account balances were liquidated
from the plan on May 18, 2012. Bill McDermott and Vishal
Sikka transferred their account balance into their third-party
pension accounts.

— Bill McDermott still has rights to future benefits under
the portion of the SAP America pension plan classified as
“Non-Qualified Retirement Plan” according to ERISA.
The “Non-Qualified” pension plan of SAP America is a cash
balance plan that on retirement provides either monthly
pension payments or a lump sum. The pension becomes
available from the beneficiary's 65th birthday. Subject to
certain conditions, the plan also provides earlier payment
or invalidity benefits. The “Non-Qualified” pension plan
closed with effect from January 1, 2009. Interest continues
to be paid on the earned rights to benefits within this plan.

39


--- Page 35 ---

SAP also made contributions to a third-party pension plan — Gerhard Oswald's performance-based retirement plan was

for Bill McDermott and Vishal Sikka. SAP's contributions are discontinued when SAP introduced a contributory retirement

based on Bill McDermott’s and Vishal Sikka’s payments into pension plan in 2000. His pension benefits are derived from

this pension plan. Additionally, in view of the close of the any accrued entitlements on December 31, 1999, under

SAP America pension plan, SAP adjusted its payments to this performance-based pension agreements and a salary-linked

non-SAP pension plan. In 2012, SAP paid contributions for contribution for the period commencing January 1, 2000.

Bill McDermott totaling €1,053,600 (2011: €470,800) and for Gerhard Oswald's rights to retirement pension benefits will

Vishal Sikka totaling €215,300 (2011: €95,700). increase by further annual contributions because he will

Instead of paying for entitlements under the pension plan remain a member of the Executive Board after his 60th

for Executive Board members, SAP pays equivalent amounts birthday until his retirement on June 30, 2014.

to anon-SAP pension plan for Jim Hagemann Snabe. In 2012, — Lars Dalgaard has no entitlements under the pension plan for

SAP paid contributions totaling €283,400 (2011: €283,800). Executive Board members. SAP made no retirement pension
plan contributions to a third-party pension plan with respect
to Lars Dalgaard in 2012.

Total Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) and the Total Accruals for Pension Obligations to Executive Board Members
€ thousands

Bill McDermott Dr.Werner Luisa Deplazes Gerhard Dr. Vishal Total
(co-CEO)» Brandt Delgado Oswald Sikka»

(from Septem-

ber 1, 2012)
PBO January 1, 2011 1,073.2 1,284.3 na 4,127.4 46.7 6,531.6
Less plan assets market value January 1, 2011 52.6 921.7 3,374.9 45.0 4,394.2
PBO change in 2011 66.3 215.4 358.1 646.2
Plan assets change in 2011 4.0 209.3 na 436.3 3.5 653.1
PBO December 31, 2011 1,139.5 1,499.7 na 4,485.5 53.1 7,177.8
Less plan assets market value December 31, 2011 56.6 1,131.0 na 3,811.2 48.5 5,047.3
PBO change in 2012 -64.4 541.8 @G).1 1,231.3 =6E.i 1,710.7
Plan assets change in 2012 56.6 217.0 48.3 383.3 48.5 543.5
PBO December 31, 2012 1,075.1 2,041.5 peel 5,716.8 Oo 8,888.5
Less plan assets market value December 31, 2012 Oo 1,348.0 48.3 4,194.5 Oo 5,590.8

Accrued December 31,2012 —ho7sa 60358 5223 8297.7,

» Prior to May 18, 2012, the qualified portion of the SAP America pension plan was terminated and account balances transferred to third-party pension accounts.

40 To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 36 ---

The table below shows the annual pension entitlement of each
member of the Executive Board on reaching age 60 based

on entitlements from SAP under performance-based and salary-
linked plans vested on December 31, 2012.

Annual Pension Entitlement
€ thousands

their respective current contract terms and their final average
contractual compensation prior to their departure equals

the compensation in 2012. Actual postcontractual non-compete
payments will likely differ from these amounts depending on
the time of departure and the compensation levels and target
achievements at the time of departure.

Net Present Values of the Postcontractual

Vested on Vestedon —_ Non-Compete Abstention Payments
December 31, December 31,
€ thousands
2012 2011

Bill McDermott (co-CEO)® 78.1 98.3 Contract Term Net Present
Dr. Werner Brandt 88.2 80.6 Expires _ Value of Post-
Luisa Deplazes Delgado 23 na contractual Non-
(from September 1, 2012) " Compete Ab-
Gerhard Oswald? 259.9 243.7 stention Payment
Dr. Vishal Sikka®) na 6.5 Bill McDermott (co-CEO) June 30,2017 4,165.9
The rights shown here for Bll McDermott and Vishal Sikka refer solely to rights under the SAP America pension Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) June 30,2017 3,912.9
plan. Prior to May 18, 2012, the qualified portion ofthe SAP America, ine..pension plan was terminated and ac Dr. Werner Brandt June 30,2014 1,898.2

counts
this valuerepresents the retrement Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) April 11, 2015 1,163.4

n entitlement that he would 2 contract expires on June 30, 2014 Tulsa Deplazes Delead
ed on the entitlements vested uisa Deplazes Delgado
anges intueltnsin Geary, fr cmnitment ater anuary 2012 theminmumagetoreceke from September 1, 2012) August 31, 2015 464.6
ments increased to age 62. The value shown for Luisa Deplazes Delgado represents the retirement

n entitlement that she would receive atthe age of 62 based on the entitlements vested on December 3. Gerhard Oswald June 30,2014 1,905.3
Dr. Vishal Sika December 31, 2017 1,880.9

These are vested entitlements. To the extent that members
continue to serve on the Executive Board and that therefore
more contributions are made for them in the future, pensions
actually payable at the age of 60 will be higher than the
amounts shown in the table.

Postcontractual Non-Compete Provisions

During the agreed 12-month postcontractual non-compete
period, each Executive Board member receives abstention
payments corresponding to 50% of his or her final average
contractual compensation as agreed in the respective contract
on an individual basis.

The following table presents the net present values of the
postcontractual non-compete abstention payments. The net
present values in the table reflect the discounted present value
of the amounts that would be paid in the fictitious scenario

in which the Executive Board members leave SAP at the end of

Compensation Report

Early End-of-Service Undertakings

Severance Payments

The standard contract for all Executive Board members provides
that on termination before full term (for example, where the
member's appointment is revoked, where the member becomes
occupationally disabled, or in connection with a change of
control), SAP AG will pay to the member the outstanding part
of the compensation target for the entire remainder of the
term, appropriately discounted for early payment. A member
has no claim to that payment if he or she has not served SAP
as amember of its Executive Board for at least one year or

if he or she leaves SAP AG for reasons for which he or she is
responsible.

Al


--- Page 37 ---

If an Executive Board member's appointment to the

Executive Board expires or ceases to exist because of, or asa
consequence of, change or restructuring, or due to a change

of control, SAP AG and each Executive Board member has the
right to terminate the employment contract within eight weeks
of the occurrence by giving six months’ notice. A change of control
is deemed to occur when a third party is required to make a
mandatory takeover offer to the shareholders of SAP AG under
the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act, when
SAP AG merges with another company and becomes the
subsumed entity, or when a control or profit transfer agreement
is concluded with SAP AG as the dependent company. An
Executive Board member's contract can also be terminated
before full term if his or her appointment as an SAP AG
Executive Board member is revoked in connection with a change
of control.

Postcontractual Non-Compete Provisions

Abstention compensation for the postcontractual non-compete
period as described above is also payable on early contract
termination.

Permanent Disability

In case of permanent disability, the contract will end at the

end of the quarter in which the permanent inability to work was
determined. The Executive Board member receives the monthly
basic salary for a further 12 months starting from the date the
permanent disability is determined.

42

Payments to Former Executive Board Members

In 2012, we paid pension benefits of €1,360,000 to Executive
Board members who had retired before January 1, 2012
(2011: €1,346,000). At the end of the year, the PBO for former
Executive Board members was €30,551,000 (2011:
€25,267,000). Plan assets of €26,054,000 are available to
service these obligations (2011: €25,788,000).

EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS’ LONG-TERM INCENTIVES
Members of the Executive Board hold or held throughout the
year share-based payment rights under the RSU Milestone
Plan 2015 (which was granted in 2012) as well as the SAP SOP
2010, SOP Performance Plan 2009, and SAP SOP 2007 pro-
grams (which were granted in previous years). For information
about the terms and details of these programs, see the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (27).

RSU Milestone Plan 2015

The table below shows Executive Board members’ holdings,
on December 31, 2012, of restricted share units issued to them
under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015. The plan is a cash-settled
long-term incentive scheme with a payout subsequent to a
performance period of one year and an additional holding
period of three years. The RSU Milestone Plan 2015 consists
of four plan tranches to be issued with respect to the calendar
years 2012 through 2015.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 38 ---

RSU Milestone Plan 2015

Year Granted Holding on Grants in 2012 Units Vested Forfeited Holding on
January 1, Units December 31, 2012
2012
Quantity Quantity Remaining Quantityof ~— Quantityof — Quantityof Remaining
Term in Years RSUs RSUs RSUs Termin Years
Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 2012 = 95,414 3.98 127,425 = 127,425 3.08
Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 2012 - 95,414 3.98 127,425 - 127,425 3.08
Dr. Werner Brandt 2012 - 34,226 3.98 45,709 - 45,709 3.08
Lars Dalgaard 2012 - 24,594 3.81 32,845 - 32,845 3.08
(from April 12, 2012)

Luisa Deplazes Delgado 2012 - 8,332 3.42 11,127 - 11,127 3.08

(from September 1, 2012)
Gerhard Oswald 2012 = 34,226 3.98 45,709 = 45,709 3.08
Dr. Vishal Sikka 2012 = 34,226 3.98 45,709 = 45,709 3.08

Total

The holding on December 31, 2012, reflects the number of RSUs

issued in 20.

2 multiplied by the 133.55% target achievement.

SAP SOP 2010

The table be!
December 3.

ow shows Executive Board members’ holdings, on
, 2012, of virtual share options issued to them

under the SAP SOP 2010 since its inception. The strike price

for an option

is 115% of the base price. The issued options have

aterm of seven years and can only be exercised on specified

dates after t

e vesting period. The options issued in 2010

are exercisable beginning in September 2014 and the options

issued in 20.

1 are exercisable beginning in June 2015.

Compensation Report

43


--- Page 39 ---

SAP SOP 2010 Virtual Share Options

Year Strike Price Holding on Rights Priceon Exercisable _Forfeited Holding on
Granted _ per Option January 1,2012 Exercised — Exercise _—_—Rights of Rights December 31, 2012

in 2012 Date Retired

Members of

the Execu-

tive Board
€ Quantityof Remaining Quantity of € Quantityof Quantityof Quantity of — Remaining
Options Term in Options Options Options Options Term in
Years Years
Bill McDermott 2010 40.80 135,714 5.69 - - - - 135,714 4.69
(co-CEO) 2011 48.33 112,426 6.44 - - - - 112,426 5.44
Jim Hagemann Snabe 2010 40.80 135,714 5.69 - - - - 135,714 4.69
(co-CEO) 2011 48.33 112,426 6.44 - - - - 112,426 5.44
Dr. Werner Brandt 2010 40.80 82,428 5.69 - - - - 82,428 4.69
2011 48.33 68,284 6.44 - - - - 68,284 5.44
Gerhard Oswald 2010 40.80 82,428 5.69 - - - - 82,428 4.69
2011 48.33 68,284 6.44 - - - - 68,284 5.44
Dr. Vishal Sikka 2010 40.80 82,428 5.69 - - - - 82,428 4.69
2011 48.33 68,284 6.44 68,284 5.44

Toco ee ee eee

SOP Performance Plan 2009 The issued options have a term of five years and can only be
The table below shows the current Executive Board members’ exercised on specified dates after the two-year vesting period.
holdings, on December 31, 2012, of virtual share options issued __ In this case, the options have been exercisable since May 2011.
under the SOP Performance Plan 2009.

The strike price for an option varies with the performance of
SAP shares over time against the TechPGI index. The gross
profit per option is limited to €30.80, corresponding to 110%
of the SAP share price on the date of issue.

44 To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 40 ---

SOP Performance Plan 2009 Virtual Share Options

Year Strike Price Holding on Rights Price on Exercisable Forfeited Holding on
Granted _ per Option January 1, 2012 Exercised Exercise Rights of Rights December 31, 2012
in 2012 Date Retired
Members of
the Execu-
tive Board
€  Quantityof Remaining Quantity of € = Quantityof Quantityof Quantityof | Remaining
Options Term in Options Options Options Options Term in
Years Years
Bill McDermott 2009 variable 102,670 2.35 102,670 60.40 - - - -
(co-CEO)
Jim Hagemann Snabe 2009 variable 102,670 2.35 102,670 60.40 - - - -
(co-CEO)
Dr. Werner Brandt 2009 variable 102,670 2.35 102,670 60.40 = = = =
Gerhard Oswald 2009 variable 102,670 2.35 102,670 60.40 = = = =
Dr. Vishal Sikka® 2009 variable 35,588 2.35 35,588 60.40 - - - -
Total DDS Best DS ees SE ee ee es
The holding was allocated before appointment to the Executive Board i

The share options had a value of €3.47 per option on their
exercise date in 2012.

SAP SOP 2007

The table below shows Executive Board members’ holdings,
on December 31, 2012, of virtual share options issued to them
under the SAP SOP 2007 plan since its inception, including
virtual share options issued to them both during and before
their respective membership of the Executive Board.

Compensation Report

The strike price for an option is 110% of the base price. The
issued options have a term of five years and can only be
exercised on specified dates after the two-year vesting period.
The options issued in 2007 could be exercised with effect
from June 2009, following expiration of the two-year vesting
period. The options issued in 2008 have been exercisable
since March 2010, following expiration of the two-year vesting
period.

45


--- Page 41 ---

SAP SOP 2007 Virtual Share Options

Year Strike Price Holding on Rights Price on Exercisable Forfeited Holding on
Granted per Option January 1, 2012 Exercised Exercise Rights of Rights December 31, 2012
in 2012 Date Retired
Members of
the Executi-
ve Board
€ = Quantityof Remaining Quantity of € = Quantityof Quantityof Quantityof Remaining
Options Termin Options Options Options Options Term in
Years Years
Dr. Vishal Sikka” 2008 35.96 17,571 17,571 48.43

Total

The holai

e appointment to the Executive

Total Expense for Share-Based Payment

In the report year and the prior year, total expense for the
share-based payment plans of Executive Board members was
recorded as follows.

Total Expense for Share-Based Payment
€ thousands

2012 2011
Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 16,239.0 1,053.5
Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 16,239.0 1,052.9
Dr. Werner Brandt 4,998.1 621.9
Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) 4,239.6 na.
Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) 2,795.6 na.
Gerhard Oswald 6,417.0 6219
Dr. Vishal Sikka 6,500.3 652.8
Total "57,4286 4,003.0

46

The expense recognition follows the regulations as set under
IFRS 2“Share-Based Payments”. Because the RSU Milestone
Plan 2015 tranches for 2013 to 2015 were already allocated
at the beginning of 2012, a portion of this expense is already
included in the expenses for the financial year 2012, even
though these future tranches depend on the achievement of
specific financial targets in future periods.

SHAREHOLDINGS AND TRANSACTIONS OF

EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS

No member of the Executive Board holds more than 1% of the
ordinary shares of SAP AG. Members of the Executive Board
held a total of 35,271 SAP shares on December 31, 2012 (2011:
20,569 shares).

The table below shows transactions by Executive Board
members and persons closely associated with them notified to
SAP pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act, section 15a,
in 2012.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 42 ---

Transactions in SAP Shares

Transaction Date Transaction Quantity Unit Price

Bill McDermott (co-CEO) May 23,2012 Purchase of ADRs 3,000 US$58.0000
May 24,2012 Purchase of ADRs 1,000 US$57.5000

Dr. Werner Brandt May 24,2012 Share purchase 2,300 €46.3555
Gerhard Oswald May 24, 2012 Share purchase 2,112 €46.8892
Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) May 24,2012 Share purchase 4,290 €46.7000
Dr. Vishal Sikka September 11, Purchase of ADRs 2,000 US$69.3984

2012

EXECUTIVE BOARD: OTHER INFORMATION

We did not grant any compensation advance or credit to, or
enter into any commitment for the benefit of, any member of
our Executive Board in 2012 or the previous year.

As far as the law permits, SAP AG and its affiliated companies
in Germany and elsewhere indemnify and hold harmless their
respective directors and officers against and from the claims
of third parties. To this end, we maintain directors’ and officers’
(D&O) group liability insurance. The policy is annual and is
renewed from year to year. The insurance covers the personal
liability of the insured group for financial loss caused by its
managerial acts and omissions. The current D&O policy
includes an individual deductible for Executive Board members
of SAP AG as required by section 93 (2) of the German Stock
Corporation Act.

COMPENSATION FOR SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBERS

Compensation System

Supervisory Board members’ compensation is governed by
our Articles of Incorporation, section 16. Each member of the
Supervisory Board receives, in addition to the reimbursement
of his or her expenses, compensation composed of fixed ele-
ments and a variable element. The variable element depends
on the dividend paid by SAP on its shares.

The fixed element is €100,000 for the chairperson, €70,000
for the deputy chairperson, and €50,000 for other members.
For membership of the Audit Committee, Supervisory Board
members receive additional fixed annual remuneration of
€15,000, and for membership of any other Supervisory Board

Compensation Report

committee €10,000, provided that the committee concerned
has met in the year. The chairperson of the audit committee
receives €25,000, and the chairpersons of the other committees
receive €20,000. The fixed remuneration is payable after the
end of the year.

The variable compensation element is €10,000 for the chair-
person, €8,000 for the deputy chairperson, and €6,000 for
the other members of the Supervisory Board for each €0.01 by
which the dividend distributed per share exceeds €0.40. The
variable remuneration is payable after the end of the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders that resolves on the dividend
for the relevant year.

However, the aggregate compensation excluding compensa-
tion for committee memberships must not exceed €250,000
for the chairperson, €200,000 for the deputy chairperson,
and €150,000 for other members of the Supervisory Board.

Any members of the Supervisory Board having served for
less than the entire year receive one-twelfth of the annual
remuneration for each month of service commenced. This also
applies to the increased compensation of the chairperson
and the deputy chairperson and to the remuneration for the
chairperson and the members of a committee.

Amount of Compensation

Subject to the resolution on the appropriation of retained
earnings by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on
June 4, 2013, the compensation paid to Supervisory Board
members in respect of 2012 will be as set out in the table below.

47


--- Page 43 ---

Supervisory Board Members’ Compensation in 2012
€ thousands

2012 2011
Fixed Com- Compen- Variable Total Fixed Com- Compen- Variable Total
pensation sation for Compen- pensation sation for Compen-
Committee sation Committee sation
Work Work

Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Hasso Plattner 100.0 60.0 150.0 310.0 100.0 100.0 150.0 350.0
(chairperson)
Christiane Kuntz-Mayr (deputy 67.5 10.0 128.3 205.8 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0
chairperson from May 23, 2012)
Pekka Ala-Pietila 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0
Thomas Bamberger (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 6.3 417 68.8 50.0 15.0 100.0 165.0
Panagiotis Bissiritsas 50.0 24.2 100.0 174.2 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0
Prof. Anja Feldmann (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 6.7 66.7 106.7 na na na na
Prof. Dr. Wilhelm Haarmann. 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0 50.0 50.0 100.0 200.0
Margret Klein-Magar (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 6.7 66.7 106.7 na na na na
Peter Koop (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 42 417 66.7 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0
Lars Lamadé (deputy chairperson 62.5 10.0 120.8 193.3 70.0 28.3 130.0 228.3
until May 23, 2012)
Bernard Liautaud 50.0 16.7 100.0 166.7 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0
Dr. Gerhard Maier (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 10.4 417 729) 50.0 25.0 100.0 175.0
Dr. h.c. Hartmut Mehdorn 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0
Dr. Hans-Bernd Meier (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 0 417 62.5 20.8 i} 417 62.5
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr. h. c. Dr.-Ing. E. h. 20.8 18.8 417 813 50.0 55.0 100.0 205.0
Joachim Milberg (until May 23, 2012)
Dr. Kurt Reiner (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 13.3 66.7 113.3 na na na na
Mario Rosa-Bian (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 6.7 66.7 106.7 na na na na
Dr. Erhard Schipporeit 50.0 25.0 100.0 175.0 50.0 35.0 100.0 185.0
Stefan Schulz 50.0 24.2 100.0 174.2 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0
Inga Wiele (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 16.7 66.7 116.7 na na na na
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr.-Ing. E.h. Klaus 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0
Wucherer
Compensation for former Supervisory na. na. na. na. 33.3 16.7 66.7 116.7

Board Members

In addition, we reimburse to members of the Supervisory office of Supervisory Board member was € 1,083,500

Board their expenses and the value-added tax payable on their (2011: €1,688,300). Those amounts are composed entirely of

compensation. remuneration received by employee representatives on the
Supervisory Board relating to their position as SAP employees

The total compensation of all Supervisory Board members in in 2012 and 2011 respectively.

2012 for work for SAP excluding compensation relating to the

48 To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 44 ---

Supervisory Board member Wilhelm Haarmann is an attorney
at the German bar and a partner at HAARMANN Partner-
schaftsgesellschaft in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. Wilhelm
Haarmann and HAARMANN Partnerschaftsgesellschaft
occasionally advise SAP on particular projects, tax matters,
and questions of law. In 2012, the fees for such services
totaled €9,400 (2011: €358,800).

LONG-TERM INCENTIVES FOR THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
We do not offer members share options or other share-based
payment for their Supervisory Board work. Any share options
or other share-based payment received by employee-elected
members relate to their position as SAP employees and not to
their work on the Supervisory Board.

SHAREHOLDINGS AND TRANSACTIONS OF
SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBERS

Supervisory Board chairperson Hasso Plattner and the
companies he controlled held 121,348,807 SAP shares on
December 31, 2012 (December 31, 2011: 121,515,102 SAP
shares), representing 9.878% (2011: 9.895%) of SAP's share
capital. No other member of the Supervisory Board held more
than 1% of the SAP AG share capital at the end of 2012 or
of the previous year. Members of the Supervisory Board held
a total of 121,363,858 SAP shares on December 31, 2012
(December 31, 2011: 121,524,139 SAP shares).

The table below shows transactions by Supervisory Board
members and persons closely associated with them notified
to SAP pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act, section
15a, in 2012:

Compensation Report

Transactions in SAP Shares

Transaction Transaction Quantity Unit Price
Date in€
Christiane Kuntz-Mayr February Share sale 7,700 48.6107
15,2012
Hasso Plattner November Share 3,029,994 57.3400
7,2012 purchase
November Sharesale 3,029,994 56.1600
8,2012
November Share 3,029,994 56.1600
8,2012 purchase
November — Share sale 2) 2
28,2012

SUPERVISORY BOARD: OTHER INFORMATION

We did not grant any compensation advance or credit to,

or enter into any commitment for the benefit of, any member
of our Supervisory Board in 2012 or the previous year.

Hasso Plattner, the chairperson of the Supervisory Board,
entered into a consulting contract with SAP after he joined the
Supervisory Board in May 2003. The contract does not
provide for any compensation. The only cost we incurred under
the contract was the reimbursement of expenses.

As far as the law permits, we indemnify Supervisory Board
members against, and hold them harmless from, claims
brought by third parties. To this end, we maintain directors’ and
officers’ group liability insurance. The current D&O policy does
not include an individual deductible for Supervisory Board
members as envisaged in the German Corporate Governance
Code.

49


--- Page 45 ---

Responsibility Statement

To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the
applicable reporting principles, the consolidated financial
statements give a true and fair view of the assets, finances, and
operating results of the Group, and the management report of
the Group and SAP AG includes a fair review of the development
and performance of the business and the position of the Group
and SAP AG, together with a description of the principal
opportunities and risks associated with the expected development
of the Group and SAP AG.

Walldorf, February 21, 2013

SAP AG
Walldorf, Baden
The Executive Board

Bill McDermott

Werner Brandt

Luisa Deplazes Delgado

Vishal Sikka

50

Jim Hagemann Snabe

Lars Dalgaard

Gerhard Oswald

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 46 ---

Independent Auditor’s Report

TO SAP AG

Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial
statements of SAP AG, Walldorf and its subsidiaries (“SAP” or “the
Company”), which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as of December 31, 2012, and the consolidated
income statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity,

the consolidated statement of cash flows, and the notes to the
consolidated financial statements for the year then ended.

Management's Responsibility for the Consolidated
Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of consolidated
financial statements. This includes the responsibility that the
consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the
Company's net assets, financial position, and results of operations
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union (“EU”), the
supplementary provisions of German law to be applied in
accordance with the German Commercial Code (Handels-
gesetzbuch, “HGB"), section 315a (1), and IFRSs as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board. Management's
responsibility includes maintaining such internal control as
management determines necessary to enable the preparation
of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Auditor's Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our
audit in accordance with HGB, section 317, and German generally
accepted standards for the audit of consolidated financial
statements, promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprtfer
(‘IDW"), and in supplementary compliance with International
Standards on Auditing and standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free from
material misstatement.

Independent Auditor's Report

An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence
about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement in the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments,
the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's
preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances. An audit also includes
evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and
the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation

of the consolidated financial statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Opinion

In accordance with HGB, section 322 (3) sentence 1, we declare
that our audit of the consolidated financial statements has

not led to any reservations.

In our opinion, based on our audit, the consolidated financial
statements give a true and fair view of the Company's net assets
and financial position as of December 31, 2012; and of its
results of operations for the year then ended, in accordance with
IFRSs as adopted by the EU, the supplementary provisions

of German law to be applied in accordance with HGB, section
315a (1), and IFRSs as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board.

51


--- Page 47 ---

Report on the Management Report

We have audited the accompanying combined management
report for SAP Group and SAP AG (“management report”) for
the business year ended December 31, 2012.

Management's Responsibility for the Management Report
Management is responsible for the preparation of the
management report in accordance with the provisions of German
law to be applied in accordance with HGB, section 315a (1),

the German Accounting Standards Nos. 17 and 20 (GAS 17,
GAS 20) and the provisions of the IFRS Practice Statement
Management Commentary.

Auditor's Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this management
report based on our audit. We conducted our audit of the
management report in accordance with HGB, section 317 (2),
and German generally accepted standards for the audit of
management reports promulgated by the IDW. Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit of the management
report in such a way that we obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the management report is consistent with the
consolidated financial statements and the findings from our
audit of the consolidated financial statements and as a whole
provides a suitable understanding of the Company's position
and suitably presents the opportunities and risks of future
development.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Opinion
In accordance with HGB, section 322 (3) sentence 1, we declare
that our audit has not led to any reservations.

In our opinion, based on our audit of the consolidated financial
statements and the management report, the management
report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements
and as a whole, provides a suitable view of the Company's
position and suitably presents the opportunities and risks of
future development.

52

Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Control over
Financial Reporting in the Consolidated Financial
Statements in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)

We have audited SAP's internal control over financial reporting
in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31,
2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control —
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

Management's Responsibility for Internal Control
Management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting in the consolidated financial
statements, and for the assessment of its effectiveness, as
included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting in the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Acompany's internal control over financial reporting in the
consolidated financial statements is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting in the consolidated financial statements includes
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

To Our Stakeholders


--- Page 48 ---

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting in the consolidated financial statements may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes

in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.

Auditor's Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on SAP's internal
control over financial reporting in the consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether effective internal control over financial reporting
in the consolidated financial statements was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting in the consolidated
financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.
Our audit also included performing such other procedures

as we considered necessary in the circumstances.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Independent Auditor's Report

Opinion

In our opinion, SAP maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting in the
consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2012,
based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated
Framework issued by COSO.

Mannheim, February 21, 2013

KPMG AG
Wirtschaftspriifungsgesellschaft

Meurer
Wirtschaftsprufer

Dr. Gutsche
Wirtschaftsprufer

53


--- Page 49 ---

$5 TRILLION

. i i ee

|

=
=¥EeF YFYFYE®}
Dt i
www YWYY®©

= =
= =

e ee

e
e
e

i i Oe |
an
i |


--- Page 50 ---

55

56
57
59
60
66
67
69
73
75
76
81
83
91
93
111
114
115
116
119
122
147
147

Combined Management Report

General Information About This Management Report
Vision, Mission, and Strategy

Business Activity and Organization

Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services
Sales, Marketing, and Distribution
Customers

Research and Development

Partner Ecosystem

Acquisitions

Employees and Social Investments

Energy and Emissions

Measures Cited in This Report

Economic Conditions

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results
Assets, Finances, and Operating Results of SAP AG
Overall Financial Position

Corporate Governance

Information Concerning Takeovers
Opportunity Report

Risk Report

Supplementary Report

Outlook

55


--- Page 51 ---

General Information About This

Management Report

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This management report contains forward-looking statements
and information based on the beliefs of, and assumptions
made by, our management using information currently available
to them. Any statements contained in this report that are not
historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the
U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current expec-
tations, assumptions, and projections about future conditions
and events. As a result, our forward-looking statements and
information are subject to uncertainties and risks, many of which
are beyond our control. If one or more of these uncertainties

or risks materializes, or if management's underlying assump-
tions prove incorrect, our actual results could differ materially
from those described in or inferred from our forward-looking
statements and information. We describe these risks and uncer-
tainties in the Risk Factors section.

The words “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,”
“could,” “counting on,” “is confident,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“forecast,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “outlook,” “plan,”
“project,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “want,” “will,”
“would,” and similar expressions as they relate to us are
intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such
statements include, for example, those made in the Operating
Results section, our quantitative and qualitative disclosures
about market risk pursuant to the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS), namely IFRS 7 and related state-
ments in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
the Risk Report, our outlook guidance, and other forward-look-
ing information appearing in other parts of this report. To fully
consider the factors that could affect our future financial results,
both this report and our Annual Report on Form 20-F should
be considered, as well as all of our other filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC). Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date specified or the date of this
report. Except where legally required, we undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements

as a result of new information that we receive about conditions
that existed upon issuance of this report, future events, or
otherwise unless we are required to do so by law.

56

This report includes statistical data about the IT industry an
global economic trends that comes from information published
by sources including International Data Corporation (IDC), a
provider of market information and advisory services for the
information technology, telecommunications, and consumer
technology markets; the European Central Bank (ECB); and the
International Monetary Fund (IMF). This type of data repre-
sents only the estimates of IDC, ECB, IMF, and other sources
of industry data. SAP does not adopt or endorse any of the
statistical information provided by sources such as IDC, ECB,
IMF, or other similar sources that is contained in this report.
addition, although we believe that data from these sources
is generally reliable, this type of data is imprecise. We caution
readers not to place undue reliance on this data.

5

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

This management report by SAP AG and its subsidiaries
(collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” “SAP” “Group,” or “Company”)
has been prepared in accordance with sections 315 and 315a
of the German Commercial Code and German Accounting
Standards No. 17 and 20. The management report is also a
management commentary complying with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Practice Statement
Management Commentary.

All of the information in this report relates to the situation
on December 31, 2012, or the fiscal year ended on that date,
unless otherwise stated.

The report contains references to additional information in
other parts of the SAP Integrated Report that is available
online. This additional information is not part of the management
report.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 52 ---

Vision, Mission, and Strategy

SAP was founded in 1972 and is the world leader in enterprise
applications in terms of software and software-related service
revenue, and the world’s third-largest independent software
manufacturer based on market capitalization. With more than
232,000 customers in over 180 countries, the SAP Group
includes subsidiaries in every major country and employs more
than 64,000 people.

HELPING THE WORLD RUN BETTER
The world is experiencing dramatic shifts in the economy,
technology, demographics, and the environment. And the rate
of change is accelerating. The global middle class is expected
to grow to five billion by 2030. This growing population is more
connected than ever — an estimated 15 billion devices will be
connected by 2015. There are more than one billion people
engaged in social networks. And humankind is generating more
data than ever. The rapid pace of change has brought wider
availability of information, which has led to the consumerization
of IT. These changes require companies to pay increasing
attention to prudent management of resources and sustainable
business models.

Around the globe, there is an ever growing need for people,
organizations, institutions, and the world itself, to run better.

In a better-run world, businesses will anticipate and respond
to sweeping changes, using knowledge as the key to
competitiveness, profitability, and customer empowerment.
Governments will be more responsive to their citizens and
more transparent in their operations. Consumers will know
more about the products they buy, so they can make decisions
that fit their lifestyles and their values. And the environment
will become a key decision factor.

Vision, Mission, and Strategy

OUR VISION AND MISSION

SAP's vision is to help the world run better and improve
eople’s lives. Our mission is to help every customer become a
est-run business. We do this by delivering new technology
innovations that we believe address today’s and tomorrow's
challenges without disrupting our customers’ business
operations: Enterprise mobility will transform consumption of
T; in-memory technology will simplify the IT architecture in
the enterprise and drive high-value applications; and the cloud
delivery of IT solutions will simplify the consumption of
technology and enable business networks. By leveraging our
eadership in applications and analytics and combining them
with new technology innovations, we can offer solutions that
make our customers run better. To help our customers derive
value from their SAP® solutions in a fast, cost-effective, and
redictable way, we also provide professional services and
support.

OUR GOAL: SUSTAINED BUSINESS SUCCESS

SAP has strong ambitions for sustainable business success,
oth for itself and for its customers. By 2015, we expect to
reach more than €20 billion in revenue, with a 35% non-IFRS
operating margin. In addition, we aim to see one billion people
interacting with our software. Our customers’ IT requirements
are complex and ever changing and SAP helps meet this
challenge. Consequently, we aim to build a €2 billion cloud
business and remain the fastest-growing database company
to complement our market leading on-premise business.
Furthermore, in 2013, we aim to increase the indicator for
customer success by eight percentage points and the
employee engagement index to 82% (2012: 79%), all while
minimizing our environmental impact and positively impacting
society. These goals affirm our focus on innovation and
sustainability and help us deliver on our vision and mission.

57


--- Page 53 ---

OUR STRATEGY: INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS

FOR REAL-TIME BUSINESS

SAP seeks to secure the growth of the company primarily
through organic innovation of our portfolio product and
solutions, focusing on market-leading innovation in five market
categories — Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and
Database and Technology — powered by SAP HANA®. We intend
to increase SAP’s market leadership in the existing market
categories of applications, analytics, and mobile, and to position
SAP as a market leader in the new categories of cloud and
database and technology. Our SAP HANA platform allows our
customers to take advantage of real-time in-memory technology
across all five market categories. Expanding our partner
network offers additional opportunities to develop innovative
products and solutions and significantly increases our potential
sales channels. Our growth strategy is also supported by
mergers and acquisitions to accelerate our innovation strategy.

The world is undergoing a technology-driven revolution in
which knowledge is the currency of success. Technology is
both a cause and the answer to this change. We believe that we
have the right team of highly qualified and motivated

58

employees, the right portfolio of innovative products and
solutions, and the right strategy to turn this technology
revolution into business evolution for our customers. What's
more, we believe we are well positioned to become known as a
nowledge company. By providing end-to-end solutions to
our customers, we continuously gain a great deal of business
and technology knowledge as well as a deep understanding of
industry best practices and value drivers. This knowledge is
made available to our customers and partners to help generate
usiness outcomes. The outcome of this strategy not only
rovides our customers a significant competitive advantage in
this ever changing world, but it also helps them operate more
sustainably.

For more information about SAP's vision, mission, and strategy,
visit www.sap.com/corporate-en/our-company. For more
information about SAP's goals, see the Medium-Term Prospects
section of the SAP Integrated Report.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 54 ---

Business Activity and Organization

Our legal corporate name is SAP AG. SAP is headquartered

in Walldorf, Germany. Our management reporting breaks our
activities down into two divisions, On-Premise and Cloud, which
are further divided into operating segments. Our On-Premise
division is comprised of two operating segments, On-Premise
Products and On-Premise Services. Our Cloud division is also
comprised of two operating segments, Cloud Applications and
Ariba. For more information about our segments, see the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (28).

We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers
for licensing of our on-premise software products, solutions,
and the use of our cloud subscription solutions. We also derive
revenue from our support, consulting, development, training,
and other services.

SAP markets and distributes its products, solutions, and services
primarily through a worldwide network of local subsidiaries,
which are licensed to distribute SAP products to customers in
defined territories. Distributorship agreements are in place
with independent resellers in some countries.

Business Activity and Organization

As of December 31, 2012, SAP AG controlled directly or
indirectly 267 subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries perform various
tasks on a local basis such as providing sales and marketing,
consulting, research and development, customer support,
training, and administration.

For a complete list of subsidiaries, associates, and

other equity investments, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Note (34).

59


--- Page 55 ---

Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services

INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS FOR REAL-TIME BUSINESS
SAP's products and services are packaged into end-to-end
solutions that include innovations from five market categories.
These solutions aim to help customers run better by addressing
complex business problems or opportunities and helping
customers gain a competitive advantage in an ever changing
world.

PRODUCTS

SAP develops innovative products in five market categories:
Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and Database and
Technology.

(it

Applications Analytics Cloud Mobile Database and
Technology
Deliver the highest customer value through innovation without disruption
Applications — The SAP Supplier Relationship Management (SAP SRM)

SAP's leadership in enterprise applications has been the core
competence of our company, and continues to fuel our growth
for the future.

SAP Business Suite is a business process platform that helps
companies run better and simpler every day.

The core software applications of SAP Business Suite are

described below:

— The SAP ERP application supports critical business
processes, such as finance and human capital management.

— The SAP Customer Relationship Management (SAP CRM)
application improves streamlined interaction with customers
with integrated social media and mobile device support.

— The SAP Product Lifecycle Management (SAP PLM)
application manages the product and asset lifecycle across
the extended supply chain, freeing the product innovation
process from organizational constraints.

60

application supports key procurement activities.
— The SAP Supply Chain Management (SAP SCM) application
helps adapt company-specific supply chain processes to the
rapidly changing competitive environment.

SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA is the next
generation of our business suite that captures and analyzes
data in real time ona single in-memory platform. SAP Business
Suite powered by SAP HANA empowers customers to run
their business in real time within the window of opportunity to
transact, analyze, and predict instantly and proactively in
an unpredictable world. This gives companies the ability to
translate real-time insights into action immediately, while
removing the complexity of redundant system data. Customers
can now manage all mission-critical business processes,

such as planning, execution, reporting, and analysis, in real time
using the same relevant live data.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 56 ---

Analytics

Analytics solutions from SAP enable decision makers at all

levels of the business to have a more profound impact on their

organizations, and include the following categories:

— SAP BusinessObjects™ business intelligence (Bl) solutions
enable users to interact with business information and obtain
answers to ad hoc questions without advanced knowledge of
the underlying data sources.

— SAP solutions for enterprise performance management
(EPM) help companies improve performance, organizational
agility, and decision making.

— SAP solutions for governance, risk, and compliance (GRC)
provide organizations with a real-time approach to managing
governance, risk, and compliance across heterogeneous
environments.

- Applied analytics solutions address challenges in specific
industries and lines of business.

— Edge solutions for small and midsize enterprises are
editions of business intelligence and enterprise performance
management solutions for growing midsize companies.

— SAP Crystal solutions are business intelligence solutions
designed for small businesses, addressing essential BI
requirements.

Mobile

With SAP Mobile, our customers can deliver secure, real-time,
business-critical information to their ecosystems of employees,
partners, and customers — on mobile devices. Our mobile
development platform creates many opportunities for our
partners to develop their own applications for their employees
and customers.

Our mobile solutions include:

— SAP Mobile Platform (includes Sybase® Unwired Platform):
Provides the tools needed to support mobile initiatives
across an enterprise. It provides a development platform
(SDK) that is consistent, but adaptable, enabling customers

Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services

to develop apps for various mobile devices deployed.

— SAP Afaria: Enables companies to better manage and secure
all critical data on, and transmitted by, mobile devices.

— Sybase 365: Interoperability services that simplify the
deployment and delivery of interoperator messaging over
incompatible networks, protocol stacks, and handsets
among mobile operators worldwide.

— Additionally, SAP is innovating consumer-facing applications
that help improve people’s lives. These innovations include
the Care Circles mobile app to improve how patients, health-
care providers, and family members optimize treatment
strategies; the Recalls Plus mobile app to help parents monitor
recalls on children’s items via social media; the Charitable
Transformation (ChariTra) online network to match volunteers
with people and organizations in need for their time, skills, or
resources; and the TwoGo by SAP service that connects people
so they can share rides and carpool together.

Cloud
SAP's 2012 acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba

have allowed us to combine powerful assets from all three
companies — including innovative solutions, content and
analytics, process expertise, access to a robust business
network, and enterprise mobility — to build a comprehensive
cloud computing portfolio.

Our cloud applications and suites are delivered as software-

as-a-service (SaaS), in which customers pay a subscription

fee to use our software. Our cloud offerings are designed to

optimize a company’s most critical assets:

— People: The SuccessFactors Business Execution (BizX) suite
enables companies to align employee performance with
overall corporate objectives.

61


--- Page 57 ---

— Money: SAP Financials OnDemand and SAP Travel OnDemand
solutions manage key financial processes.

— Customers: A suite of applications that manages all aspects
of customer interaction — sales, service, marketing — while
employing next-generation social capabilities.

— Suppliers: The offering includes solutions for end-to-end
strategic sourcing and procurement processes to enable
efficient purchasing decisions.

— Suites: SAP Business ByDesign” and the SAP Business One
OnDemand solution provide a full cloud suite for subsidiaries
and small business, respectively.

SAP HANA Cloud is a platform-as-a-service (PaaS) designed
to help customers, independent software vendors (ISVs), and
partners rapidly create innovative software applications

to succeed in a world increasingly characterized by enterprise
mobility, and social and collaborative business networks.
SAP HANA Cloud is powered by SAP HANA, which means it
helps customers analyze data at the speed necessary to sense
and respond to changes in their business networks.

The Ariba portfolio combines cloud-based applications with
the world's largest Web-based business-to-business commerce
network, and is used by companies around the globe. Businesses
of all sizes use the Ariba Network to connect to their trading
partners from any Internet-connected computer or mobile
device to buy, sell, and manage their cash efficiently and
effectively.

Database and Technology

Our database and technology portfolio provides a comprehensive
approach to the orchestration of business applications, no
matter how the applications are deployed. Furthermore, SAP
harnesses the power of in-memory databases with SAP HANA,
which is the data foundation for the next generation of high-
performance in-memory computing solutions.

62

The portfolio includes:

— SAP HANA: Deployable on-premise or in the cloud,

SAP HANA combines an in-memory database with an
in-memory application server running on in-memory
optimized hardware appliances. At the foundation of this
product portfolio is SAP HANA, an in-memory computing
technology that simplifies and streamlines complex and
expensive IT architectures. SAP HANA helps customers
process massive amounts of data, and delivers information
at unprecedented speeds. SAP HANA is an open platform,
adaptable and extensible, enabling customers to create
previously unimaginable applications and to rethink and
envision new ways to run their businesses. Furthermore,
SAP HANA is a platform for applications developed by SAP
ecosystem and partners.

— SAP NetWeaver’®: Technology platform that integrates
information and business processes across technologies and
organizations. SAP NetWeaver facilitates the easy integration
of SAP software with heterogeneous system environments,
third-party solutions, and external business partners.

— SAP NetWeaver Business Warehouse: Data warehouse that
provides a complete view of a company and the tools needed
to make the right decisions, optimize processes, and measure
strategic success

— SAP Sybase IQ: Analytics server designed specifically for
advanced analytics, data warehousing, and BI environments

— SAP Sybase Event Stream Processor (SAP Sybase ESP):
High-performance, complex event processing engine
designed to analyze streams of business event information in
real time and used to create strategic advantage in low-latency
applications for financial trading, smart grids, and telecom-
munications

— SAP Sybase Adaptive Server® Enterprise (SAP Sybase
ASE): High-performance relational database management
system for mission-critical, data-intensive transactional
environments. It is optimized for use with SAP Business Suite.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 58 ---

— SAP Sybase SQL Anywhere®: Mobile, embedded, and
cloud-enabled fully relational database that is embedded in
more than 10 million installations worldwide, from laptops
to tablets to smartphones

n addition, our SAP virtualization and cloud management
offerings help SAP customers automate SAP systems and
landscapes operation, improve business agility, and reduce
the total cost of ownership (TCO).

SOLUTIONS

We combine products into end-to-end industry and line-of-
usiness solutions to enable our customers address their most
ressing business issues. Our industry-specific solutions com-
rise products across all five market categories — Applications,
Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and Database and Technology. Our
ine-of-business solutions represent a complete offering across
on-premise, on-demand, on-device, social, and analytics assets.

A prime example of the power of this combination is the new
SAP 360 Customer solution. It harnesses the power of
in-memory computing, cloud, enterprise mobility, analytics,
and collaboration, and allows organizations to engage with
their customers and end consumers beyond traditional SAP CRM.

Solutions for Lines of Business

Our line-of-business solutions are relevant across all industries,
and include the following 11 lines of business:

— Marketing

- Sales
— Customer service

— Procurement

— Supply chain management

— Manufacturing

-R&Dand engineering

— Information technology

— Finance and controlling

— Human resources

— Corporate strategy and sustainability

Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services

Solutions for Industries

In 2012, SAP supported enterprises in 24 industries with
solution portfolios that enable industry best-practice processes.
In 2013, we will add sports and entertainment as another
industry to our portfolio, and we are currently building up that
portfolio of offerings, which includes the SAP Sports and
Entertainment Management solution, as well as an array of
mobile apps used by athletes, coaches, and spectators for
sailing, tennis, and professional team sports.

Industry Sector
Discrete manufacturing

Industry Portfolio

SAP for Aerospace & Defense

SAP for Automotive

SAP for High Tech

SAP for Industrial Machinery & Components

SAP for Chemicals
SAP for Mill Products

Process manufacturing

SAP for Consumer Products
SAP for Oil & Gas

SAP for Mining
SAP for Utilities

Consumer products

Energy and natural
resources

SAP for Retail
SAP for Wholesale Distribution

SAP for Defense & Security
SAP for Higher Education & Research
SAP for Public Sector

Retail and wholesale
distribution

Public services

Financial services SAP for Banking

SAP for Insurance

Services SAP for Engineering, Construction & Operations
SAP for Media

SAP for Professional Services

SAP for Telecommunications

SAP for Transportation & Logistics

SAP for Healthcare
SAP for Life Sciences

Health sciences

SAP Rapid Deployment Solutions

To enable companies to adopt innovations more quickly, SAP
Rapid Deployment solutions combine preconfigured software
and predefined services with content, such as SAP best
practices, templates, tools, and business user enablement.

63


--- Page 59 ---

By providing fixed price and scope implementation services,
along with clear business outcomes based on proven best
practices, SAP Rapid Deployment solutions deliver faster
innovation to our customers and reduce implementation
costs and risk.

Solutions for Small Businesses and Midsize Companies
SAP offers a number of targeted solutions for small businesses
and midsize companies, including the SAP Business All-in-
One solutions, the SAP Business One application, and Edge
solutions, which combine business management and business
intelligence software. For those who want the benefits of large-
scale, integrated business management applications without

a complex IT infrastructure, SAP Business ByDesign not only
provides a cloud solution, but also a platform that customers
can use to build their own solutions. SAP also offers solutions
in the cloud, such as SuccessFactors Business Execution Suite,
and Ariba's procurement solutions and business network that
are relevant for companies of all sizes, including small and
midsize enterprises. Additionally, small businesses and midsize
companies now have a new option in SAP Business One
OnDemand, which is comprehensive, easy to consume, and
available with transparent, predictable costs.

For more information about SAP's portfolio of products, visit
www.sap.com/solutions.

For more information related specifically to our solutions for
sustainability, see the Solutions for Energy and Sustainable
Operations section in the SAP Integrated Report online.

SAP SERVICES

SAP Services helps our customers maximize the value of
their SAP investments by offering higher value realization,
faster adoption of innovation, and higher efficiency in the
implementation of our solutions. SAP Services covers the
entire end-to-end application lifecycle, from a tight integration
with our development organization, to accelerating innovation
and continuous improvement of our software solutions, to
complete risk and quality management of a customer’s current
installations.

64

Software-Related Services

SAP Custom Development

SAP Custom Development specializes in building individualized
software solutions that address the unique and mission-critical
needs of our customers, and that fit seamlessly with existing
SAP software. These offerings include custom development
engagements, focused business solutions, and repeatable
customer solutions — predefined solutions for niche business
needs, as derived from best practices.

Maintenance and Support

We offer a comprehensive tiered maintenance and support
model to on-premise customers on a global basis. This support
offering primarily includes SAP Standard Support and SAP
Enterprise Support. The vast majority of customers choose
SAP Enterprise Support.

— SAP Enterprise Support: Our premier maintenance and
support offering. Extending far beyond everyday technical
support, this offering is designed as a strategic, long-term
partnership with our customers — one that focuses on
helping them succeed today and in the future.

— SAP Standard Support: Our basic support offering, delivering
knowledge, tools, and functions that help customers
implement, maintain, and enhance their SAP solutions

Combined Management Report


--- Page 60 ---

SAP's support portfolio also contains two additional premium

maintenance offerings:

— SAP MaxAttention”™: Highest level of engagement offered by
our support organization, and a strategic engagement for
continuous business and co-innovation with customers. SAP
MaxAttention also provides support with custom solutions,
specialized solution architectures, and engineering expertise.

— SAP ActiveEmbedded: Enhanced engagement services for
optimizing solutions and accelerating adoption of technologies
(including SAP HANA and mobile solutions) without disrupting
customer businesses

We offer standard support to every customer as part of their
subscription to our cloud products. Standard support is
designed to help our customers get real value out of SAP Cloud
products. Furthermore, customers have the option of
choosing premium and platinum support. In the premium and
platinum offerings, customers have access to a dedicated
support account manager who has an in-depth understanding
of customer business processes and objectives.

Professional Services

Consulting Services

We offer consulting services for the planning, implementation,

and optimization phase of our business solutions. We are able

to provide our services with a strong industry focus and can
also deliver solutions at functional or departmental levels. Our
consultants engage in the following:

— Business transformation services, such as executive advisory
services, value partnerships, and business process and platform
services

— IT transformation services that seek to reduce customer
TCO with tangible business value accompanied by reduced
effort and costs

— Next-generation services that provide specific expertise on
the implementation and use of SAP HANA, mobile, analytics,
and database and technology solutions. In total, we have more
than 1,500 SAP HANA-trained consultants.

Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services

— Performance and insight optimization services that
provide analysis and modeling of business challenges to
introduce innovative business processes

— Business applications services that provide highly
engineered solutions to our customers’ application and
analytics needs

— Project and program management and risk management,
as well as quality assurance services across the solution
landscape, which include optimizing solutions following
merger and acquisition activities or divestiture of business
units

— Rapid-deployment solutions and engineered services
provide predefined outcomes services that speed the time to
value for our customers.

Education Services

SAP Education offers a complete portfolio of multimodal
learning that covers the learning needs of single individuals
and organizations, including training-needs analysis, certifi-
cation assessments, learning software, and tools. We provide
aconsistent curriculum for learners around the world and
deliver these offerings through a number of delivery models,
including online e-learning, virtual live classroom, learning
on demand, and classroom training. Every year, more than
500,000 individuals are trained by SAP Education, making it
one of the largest IT training organizations in the world.

For more information about SAP Services, visit www.sap.com/
services-and-support.

For more information about how we handle security and pri-

vacy in our products and services, see the Security and Privacy
section of the SAP Integrated Report online.

65


--- Page 61 ---

Sales, Marketing, and Distribution

SAP's primary engine of business development is our direct

sales org:

anizations. Sales go-to-market strategies are

established at the global level and adapted and executed by the
regional subsidiaries (see Business Activity and Organization)
in amanner reflective of conditions in the individual countries.

Custome

r-facing employees, in close collaboration with sales

support and marketing employees, drive demand, build pipeline,

and enha

nce relationships with customers within all of SAP’s

target industries. An extension of its own sales organization,
SAP's extensive ecosystem of partners provides scalability to

meet the

In additio

demand for SAP innovation.

in, we have developed an independent sales and

support force through independent value-added resellers. We
have also entered into partnerships with major system
integration firms, telecommunication firms, and computer
hardware providers to offer certain SAP Business Suite
applications.

We estab!

ish partnerships with hardware and software suppliers,

systems integrators, and third-party consultants with the

goal of pr

oviding customers with a wide selection of third-party

competencies. The role of the partner ranges from presales
consulting for business solutions to the implementation of our

software

roducts to project management and end user training

for customers and, in the case of certain hardware and software

suppliers,

, to technology support. Beyond these partnerships,

a significant amount of consulting and training regarding SAP

solutions
formal re!

66

is handled by third-party organizations that have no
jationship or partnership with SAP.

Tra

itionally, our sales model has been to charge a one-time,

upfront license fee for a perpetual license to our software

(wit

out any rights to future products), which is typically

installed at the customer site. We now also offer our solutions

in th
that
pro

Our

com|
ou
mee

e cloud under a subscription-based licensing model
entitles the customer to receive unspecified future software
ucts.

marketing efforts cover large, multinational groups of
panies as well as small and midsize enterprises. We believe
road portfolio of solutions and services enables us to

t the needs of customers of all sizes and across industries.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 62 ---

Customers

Our mission at SAP is to help every customer become a
best-run business. With this objective, SAP constantly engages
customers not only in the implementation of our products

and solutions but in best-practice sharing and co-innovation
initiatives. Moreover, we regularly measure customer satisfaction
and loyalty through a variety of surveys and measurements.

The Customer Engagement Initiative provides early insight
into SAP product plans, allowing our customers to influence and
collaborate throughout the SAP product development cycle.
The program also facilitates customer networking on specific
topics of interest and focus. SAP regularly sponsors a variety
of global events to support industry and best-practice sharing
including SAPPHIRE® NOW and SAP TechEd conferences and
virtual events.

To help SAP improve insight into our customers’ view of SAP,
in 2012, we began measuring our Net Promoter Score (NPS), a
metric that gives a more complete picture of customer loyalty
as it answers the question of how likely our customers would
to recommend SAP. In 2012, we achieved a score of 8.9%.

For more information about how we measure customer loyalty,
see the Customer Success section of the SAP Integrated
Report online.

Our strategy focuses on offering products and solutions to
elp solve customers’ problems today and tomorrow. In many
cases, that means solutions that are lean, focused, quick to
implement, and highly mobile. In 2012, our offerings met with
strong demand: We saw customers embrace this strategy

y licensing the full range of SAP applications — from large
enterprise solutions to the latest mobile apps.

Customers

We aim to increase this score by eight percentage points in 2013.

Some examples by region include the following:

EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AND AFRICA (EMEA) REGION

— Hilti, a Liechtenstein-based leader in the global construction

industry, chose SAP Business ByDesign to drive greater

transparency at its smaller subsidiaries in more than 30

countries.

Portugal Telecom, a leading European information commu-

nications and technology provider that is leading a cloud

transformation in the markets in which it operates, wants to
leverage SAP HANA to drive its innovation strategy in the
enterprise segment. Portugal Telecom is a long-standing SAP
customer and a strategic partner and expects to leverage

SAP HANA both internally to drive real-time decision making

and externally by offering cloud SAP HANA services to its

enterprise customers.

KAESER KOMPRESSOREN AG, a leading supplier of

compressed air system technology and related equipment in

Europe, selected SAP NetWeaver Business Warehouse powered

by SAP HANA to dramatically improve the speed of their

operational analytics. With SAP NetWeaver BW running on

SAP HANA, Kaeser wants to analyze large amounts of data

quickly to optimize customer service, production planning,

and operational reporting across its organization.

— Fressnapf, one of Europe's largest pet food company, selected
SAP as its strategic partner for retail solutions. SAP solutions
have retail functionality that offers multi-channel retailing
and optimizes end-to-end business processes. Additionally
with SAP, Fressnapf expects to streamline its IT portfolio and
harmonize its IT landscape.

— VELUX, one of the world's largest manufacturers of roof
windows, expects to realize the power of SAP HANA and the SAP
Business Planning and Consolidation application by embarking
on anew global planning project, Business Performance.
VELUX wants to abandon budgets and move towards a rolling
target-setting process. SAP HANA will also form the new
basis for the global SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence
platform, helping VELUX respond to changes much faster
and with more agility. This project is using SAP Predictive
Analysis software to optimize the VELUX window guarantee
and the associated provisions and cash flow.

67


--- Page 63 ---

AMERICAS REGION

— Sysco, a US$40 billion food distributor in the United States,
turned to SAP to help solve two major challenges, and to
improve productivity and customer service. Sysco plans to
utilize SAP HANA for real-time reporting across mass volumes
of data, providing marketing associates and executives
insight into the customer's daily orders prior to delivery.
Sysco will also leverage SAP Mobile Platform to deliver
mobile apps to internal employees and external customers.

— The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company (A&P), a large
grocery store company in the United States, chose SAP
Forecasting and Replenishment for Retail package as the
foundation for its retail automation and computer-generated
autoreplenishment.

- TransCanada, a leading energy infrastructure company,
licensed SAP ERP, analytics, SAP HANA, Sybase, and Syclo
applications to foster growth while promoting safe and
reliable operations.

— Aqualectra, a water and electricity utility located in Curacao,
invested in SAP innovations such as SAP for Utilities, SAP
HANA, SAP rapid-deployment solutions, and SAP mobile
technologies. These solutions will provide the company with
asingle point of integrated, trusted information that will
enable Aqualectra to actively manage its business via mobile
devices.

68

ASIA PACIFIC JAPAN (APJ) REGION

— USHA, a consumer durable products company based in
India, has implemented SAP NetWeaver BW powered by
SAP HANA. The solution will help USHA dramatically reduce
the load time for data, resulting in
faster analysis of business-critical metrics.

— Mengniu Group, a leading dairy company located in China,
selected SAP ERP, SAP CRM, and analytics solutions from
SAP. The company plans to use the solutions to streamline
operational processes and enhance its end-to-end quality
control system.

SAP FINANCING SERVICE FOR SAP SOFTWARE

AND SOLUTIONS

To help companies invest in SAP solutions and the associated
services and hardware, SAP Financing service partners with
leading global financiers specialized in IT financing to offer a
financing solution for SAP customers. Since its inception, it has
become a firmly established SAP Services offering for SAP
customers in all customer segments — small businesses,
midsize companies, and large enterprises. To give customers
flexibility to choose among potential economic benefits, the
plan offers all of the popular financing models with their different
advantages: It can help conserve liquidity and it provides

an alternative to credit from their existing banking relationships.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 64 ---

Research and Development

Nothing is more essential to innovation than research and
development. It is the source of discoveries that we believe will
shape the future for SAP and its customers. And it is a global
effort that is highly collaborative, sharply focused on customer
value, and led by the SAP Global Research and Development
Network.

RESEARCH

By exploring emerging IT trends, SAP Global Research is a driver
of innovation for SAP and its ecosystem. The unit explores
promising ideas and turns them into prototypes, with the ulti-
mate goal of creating product enhancements and new solutions.
In addition, it strives to co-innovate in new ways with our
customers, partners, start-ups, and entrepreneurs around the
world to leverage the diverse knowledge, ability, and expertise
that exist outside SAP's internal organizations.

Based on recent findings, SAP Global Research developed
scenarios that our customers will likely experience in the
future, and derived several new research programs from those
scenarios. Their immediate focus includes programs on
digital manufacturing, the trillion node network, social business
networks, and Big Data.

Contributing to talent development at SAP, SAP Global Research
runs its own doctoral program, which is attracting top candidates
who wish to work on their dissertations in a real-world
business context. Following graduation, individuals with PhDs
have the opportunity to work in academia or within SAP.

This program has resulted in a number of new patents for our
company.

Co-Innovation and Living Labs

To meet future challenges, SAP Global Research engages in
co-innovation and applied research through a network of

SAP Co-Innovation Labs and SAP Living Labs locations on each
continent.

Research and Development

SAP Co-Innovation Labs offer an innovative co-development
platform for partners and customers to collaborate with SAP
product and field teams. Through these labs, SAP and key
partners offer the latest engineering and system landscapes,
fostering a variety of joint ecosystem projects.

SAP Living Labs are showcase centers attached to research
hubs, and seek to provide hands-on, real-life settings to expand
on trends in the market.

Initiatives and Results

Significant initiatives by SAP Global Research in 2012 include

the following:

— SAP Precision Retailing: This cloud-based solution enables
companies to influence consumer shopping behavior at the
moment of decision by delivering individually personalized
offers in real-time across multiple channels.

— SAP Screen Personas: This solution offers a new approach
to personalizing classic SAP screens to create a consumer-
grade user experience. It allows IT professionals and business
users to simplify business application screens quickly and
easily. SAP Screen Personas enable customers without
programming skills or ABAP® knowledge to improve the
visual appeal, user productivity, and performance of SAP
applications.

— Smart Port Logistics: Based on strong co-innovation with
Hamburg Port Authority and Deutsche Telekom, this pilot
project has resulted in a comprehensive IT platform designed
to optimize both traffic and logistics in the Hamburg harbor.
The Smart Port Logistics platform, based on cloud solutions,
connects port-based companies, partners, and customers
more closely. In addition, it incorporates mobile apps so that
traffic information and port-related services may be accessed
from mobile devices such as tablets and smartphones.

69


--- Page 65 ---

DEVELOPMENT

Global Development, Local Focus

Most of SAP's development personnel are located in one of

14 SAP Labs located in 12 countries across the world. Each lab
consists of main locations that coordinate the activities of the
smaller locations within the region. SAP Labs are situated in
the major technology hubs in the world, providing SAP a strategic
advantage by enabling us to innovate, address the needs of

the local markets, scale operations, and attract a rich diversity
of talents. In total, SAP has more than 100 locations where
development takes place.

In 2012, SAP focused on further using design thinking
techniques as an iterative innovation approach that focuses on
the customer and supports the project teams during the
development process. Design thinking complements the lean
methodology by offering frameworks for collaboration and
innovation. As a result, SAP continues to reduce development
complexity and improve the development-to-market time for
new products (from 13.8 months in 2010 to 78 months in
2012). During the development cycles, teams are in constant
contact with customers through programs and special events,
as well as through customer interactions at our Executive
Briefing Centers. Customers come to the centers to talk directly
with SAP’s technology leaders and experts, who, in turn,

learn how to better serve the needs of our customers.

70

The SAP Labs network organization fosters a healthy and
meaningful communication channel for SAP’s global manage-
ment. Each lab is designed to function independently and act
as a best-run business with a clear mission tailored to the local
ecosystem. Labs in fast-growth markets have an additional
focus on producing market-relevant solutions that readily meet
the needs of the dynamically changing environments.

The following graphic depicts the SAP Global Research and
Development Network and its main locations:

Combined Management Report


--- Page 66 ---

Global Research and Development Network

Development

Research

Ariba and SuccessFactors

SAP Labs Main Locations

Bangalore INDIA
Budapest HUNGARY
Dublin & Galway IRELAND
Montréal & Vancouver
CANADA

Markdorf GERMANY
Paris FRANCE

Ra’anana ISRAEL

So Leopoldo BRAZIL
Shanghai CHINA

Silicon Valley USA
Skolkovo (Moscow) RUSSIA
Sofia BULGARIA

Sophia Antipolis FRANCE
Walldorf & St. Leon-Rot
GERMANY

Research and Development

SAP Research Locations

Bangalore INDIA

Belfast UK

Brisbane AUSTRALIA
Darmstadt GERMANY
Dresden GERMANY
Dublin IRELAND
Karlsruhe GERMANY
Montréal CANADA

Palo Alto USA

Paris FRANCE

Pretoria SOUTH AFRICA
Ra’anana ISRAEL
Singapore SINGAPORE
Skolkovo (Moscow) RUSSIA
Sofia BULGARIA

Sophia Antipolis FRANCE
St. Gallen SWITZERLAND
Sydney AUSTRALIA
Vancouver CANADA
Walldorf GERMANY
Zurich SWITZERLAND

Co-Innovation and Living Labs

Bangalore INDIA
Darmstadt GERMANY
Dresden GERMANY
Karlsruhe GERMANY
Palo Alto USA
Pretoria SOUTH AFRICA
Sao Paulo BRAZIL
Seoul SOUTH KOREA
Shanghai CHINA
Sydney AUSTRALIA
Tokyo JAPAN
Walldorf GERMANY
Zurich SWITZERLAND

Ariba Locations

Bangalore INDIA
Prague CZECH REPUBLIC
Sunnyvale USA

SuccessFactors Locations
Bangalore INDIA

Shanghai CHINA
South San Francisco USA

71


--- Page 67 ---

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURE

SAP's strong commitment to research and development (R & D)
is also reflected in our expenditures: In 2012, we increased our
R & D expense (IFRS) by €314 million, or 16%, to €2,253 million
(2011: €1,939 million). We spent 13.9% of total revenue on

R & Din 2012 (2011: 13.6%). Our non-IFRS R & D expense as a
portion of total operating expenses declined slightly from 19.9%
to 19.2% year on year, which demonstrates an increase in our
efficiency.

Research and Development (IFRS)

€ millions | change since previous year

1,627 1,591 1,729 1,939 2,253
+11% -2% +9% +12% +16%
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

The importance of R & D was also reflected in the breakdown
of employee profiles. At the end of 2012, our total full-time
equivalent (FTE) count in development work was 18,012 (2011:
15,861). Measured in FTEs, our R & D headcount was 28% of
total headcount (2011: 28%). Total R & D expense includes not
only our own personnel costs but also the external cost of
works and services from the providers and cooperation partners
we work with to deliver and enhance our products. We

also incur external costs for translating, localizing, and testing
products, for obtaining certification for them in different
markets, patent attorney services and fees, strategy consulting,
and the professional development of our R & D workforce.

72

PATENTS

As a leader in enterprise applications, SAP actively seeks
intellectual property protection for innovations and proprietary
information. Our software innovations continue to strengthen
our market position in enterprise solutions and services. Our
investment in R & D has resulted in numerous patents. SAP
holds a total of more than 4,400 validated patents worldwide.
Of these, more than 750 were granted and validated in 2012.
Our portfolio includes patent families covering products across
all of our five market categories Applications, Analytics, Cloud,
Mobile, and Database and Technology.

While our intellectual property is important to our success,
we believe our business as a whole is not entirely dependent on
any particular patent.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 68 ---

Partner Ecosystem

The SAP partner ecosystem is a collaborative, innovative, and
interactive network of partners, customers, and individuals.

Through our extensive global relationships, built over the course
of four decades, customers have a wide range of providers

and resources to choose from for software-related services and
support. These include many of the largest names in technology
consulting and implementation, as well as smaller firms that
offer highly specialized applications and services.

In turn, SAP supports its partners through continual co-innova-
tion, expansion of routes to market (channels), and services
capacity.

With more than 12,000 partners as of the end of 2012, we are
fueling innovation and providing choices to customers of all
sizes, accelerating growth around our five key market categories.
Recent examples of our interaction with the partner ecosystem
include the following:

— Applications: SAP is now reselling the SAP IT Process
Automation application by Cisco, which helps keep IT system
outages to a minimum. We also offer the SAP Convergent
Mediation application by DigitalRoute, which supports key
use cases for telecom, high-tech, banking, postal, and logistics
companies around the globe.

— Analytics: The SAP PartnerEdge® authorized reseller
program helps resellers accelerate profitability with select
SAP BusinessObjects BI solutions, specifically designed for
small and midsize enterprises. The program was introduced
in the Asia-Pacific region, with ACA Pacific and China National
Software & Service Co. Ltd. as the first distributors to join.
The program is being made available to distributors and
resellers on a global basis in a phased approach.

Partner Ecosystem

— Cloud: With the acquisition of SuccessFactors and Ariba, SAP
broadened its cloud portfolio and now supports an additional
20 million users. Through the acquisition of Ariba, SAP expects
to deliver comprehensive, end-to-end cloud procurement
solution, becoming a leader in the fast-growing segment of
interenterprise, cloud-based business networks. Additionally,
SAP is teaming up with companies such as Amazon Web
Services, CloudShare, Dell, HP, Korea Telecom, Microsoft,
Portugal Telecom, and Verizon to deliver enterprise solutions
in the cloud.
Mobile: In 2012, SAP offered value-added resellers (VARs)
the opportunity to sell mobile apps for development, device
management, and security. Highlights include partnering
with IT services providers Accenture, Capgemini, Fujitsu, and
IBM GTS, and telecommunication providers Deutsche Telekom,
Rogers Communications, and Verizon. In addition, SAP
introduced a free mobile developer license and additional
support for integrating SAP Mobile Platform with software
development frameworks from Adobe, Appcelerator Titanium,
and Sencha. SAP also announced plans to deliver mobile
apps for Microsoft Windows 8, bringing new innovations to
SAP customers.
Database and Technology: SAP HANA continues to gain
strong adoption within our partner ecosystem, across all
partner types. For example, more than 4,000 partner consul-
tants have been trained on SAP HANA and more than 100
independent software vendors (ISVs) and partners have
started to develop and deliver their own solutions on SAP
HANA. In addition, the SAP Startup Focus Program was
launched in 2012 for start-ups to spur innovation on the SAP
HANA platform. The world’s leading technology vendors
have certified their solutions to run SAP HANA. These include
Dell, Cisco, EMC, Fujitsu, HP, Hitachi, Huawei, IBM, and NEC.

73


--- Page 69 ---

COLLABORATION AND STRUCTURE

SAP offers a number of partner programs to enhance co-inno-

vation and help partners grow their businesses in new ways,

while reaching customers through creative new channels. These
programs include the following:

— SAP PartnerEdge: In 2012, SAP launched
www.sappartneredge.com, a partner-only Web site that
consolidates all the resources partners need to build, sell, and
implement all SAP solutions in one secure, dedicated site.
Currently, more than 60,000 people use the site each month.

— SAP Community Network: With more than two million mem-
bers in more than 230 countries, SAP Community Network
is where customers, partners, employees, and experts go to
collaborate and exchange news.

— SAP Store: SAP's online e-commerce channel offers nearly
2,000 solutions, of which 1,500 are from partners. SAP Store
offers customers access to information and insights, as well
as the option to try applications before purchasing them.

74

Combined Management Report


--- Page 70 ---

Acquisitions

SAP views acquisitions as investments in people, technologies,
and sustained growth. In 2012, SAP made the following
acquisitions:

CLOUD ACQUISITIONS

— In February, we completed the acquisition of SuccessFactors
Inc., which delivers innovative solutions, content and analytics,
process expertise, and best-practices knowledge to drive
business alignment, team execution, people performance,
and learning management to organizations of all sizes across
various industries.

— In October, we acquired Ariba, Inc., which combines industry-
leading cloud-based applications with the world's largest
Web-based trading community. Through this acquisition, SAP
expects to deliver an industry-leading, end-to-end cloud
procurement solution and become a leader in the fast-growing
segment of interenterprise, cloud-based business networks.
SAP customers can now connect to their trading partners
anywhere, at any time, from any application or device — so they
can buy, sell, and manage their cash more efficiently and
effectively than ever before.

OTHER ACQUISITIONS

— In February, we acquired software and relevant assets from
datango AG, a leading provider of workforce performance
support software. This acquisition broadens the SAP software
portfolio in the education market, providing customers with
powerful, easy-to-use software tools to help address their
end-to-end user training, knowledge management, and
performance support challenges. Together, SAP and datango
plan to capitalize on a trend in education software toward
creating applications that contain tools for authors, such
as e-collaboration, along with self-help scenarios and auto-
teaching functions.

Acquisitions

— In June, we acquired Syclo, L.L.C., a provider of enterprise
mobile apps and technologies. The addition of Syclo’s
expertise in building and selling mobile solutions in industries
such as utilities, oil and gas, life sciences, and manufacturing
enhances SAP mobile solutions. It also accelerates the
adoption and deployment of new mobile asset management
and field service solutions on SAP Mobile Platform. Syclo
offers mobile apps that help companies extend business
systems to a wide range of mobile devices and users.

VENTURE ACTIVITIES

For more than 15 years, SAP has partnered with renowned
entrepreneurs worldwide to build industry-leading businesses
and in doing so, we have supported more than one hundred
companies on five continents. We seek proven companies and
help fuel their growth by adding our expertise, relationships,
geographic reach, and capital. We invest globally with a particular
focus on emerging companies in Europe, India, and the United
States, as well as in Brazil and China.

75


--- Page 71 ---

Employees and Social Investment

Our vision to help the world run better and improve people's
lives relies on the power of human thinking, inspiration, and
creativity. For this reason, nothing is more critical to the long-
term success of SAP and our customers than our people. They
spark our innovation, deliver value to our customers, and drive
our sustainable growth and profitability.

How we manage employees is even more critical now than
in the past, as we have identified several trends that will sig-
nificantly change the way organizations approach human
resources. Demographic change will raise both short-term and
long-term challenges related to an aging workforce and a
potential shortage of skills, particularly in mature markets. We
also see a change in the values and expectations of the labor
market. Supported by technological innovation, the boundaries
between private and business life are blurring, especially for
knowledge workers. Younger generations have a stronger
expectation of finding a purpose in their business life and seek
to bring their work and private lives into balance.

The links between our financial performance and our ability
to attract and retain top talent are so strong that we believe

it is impossible to separate these two realms of our business.
This belief guides a wide range of programs and initiatives
throughout SAP. In 2012, we continued to make progress with
our people strategy, which we introduced in 2010 to set

us apart in vital areas such as leadership development, career
advancement, workforce diversity, and human resources pro-
cesses. These areas drive our employees to be at their very best.
This high level of performance is essential if we are to realize
our ambitious growth strategy and further enhance our ability
to innovate.

76

RECRUITING TALENT TO FULFILL OUR VISION

We view the recruitment of top talent as an important
competitive advantage. As our business evolves and changes,
so must our workforce. That is why SAP continues to recruit

a diverse group of employees who have both the professional
skills and the cross-cultural competence to meet the needs

of our global customer base and implement our business strategy.
In 2012, our innovative recruitment campaigns helped us
attract talented new employees in virtually every geographic
region, with a particular focus on emerging markets such

as Brazil and China. We continue to focus on being a globally
recognized employer of choice by emphasizing our career
development opportunities as well as SAP’s purpose.

NURTURING TALENT AND LEADERSHIP

We strive to provide our employees and managers with a
culture of continuous learning and development. SAP invests

in and actively encourages talent development through
challenging work assignments, coaching, collaboration with
peers, e-learning courses, social media, and other offerings.

We increasingly seek to tailor such offerings to each individual
employee so that they can progress on their own unique career
path. In 2012, we continued to provide a comprehensive suite
of leadership programs to all levels of management including
360-degree reviews, a special assessment process for managers
reporting directly to the Executive Board, peer and executive
coaching, as well as specialized classroom instruction tailored
to new or experienced leaders. Talent and leadership development
also supports our ambitious employee engagement goals
and fosters our culture of innovation.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 72 ---

ENGAGING EMPLOYEES

Employee engagement is directly linked to our ability to innovate
and deliver customer value. Engaged employees are more
inspired to develop new ideas and have the drive to bring them
to fruition. In other words, they turn innovation from a buzzword
into a reality. In addition, they feel a deeper connection to
SAP's purpose and take greater ownership of meeting our
strategic objectives. They are expressly supporting us in reaching
our goals, whether related to customer success, our growth, our
margin, the reduction of our carbon footprint, or successfully
bringing a new product to market.

Research has found that organizations with engaged employees
enjoy higher employee retention, greater customer loyalty,

and stronger financial results. We view employee engagement
as so linked to our success that we have made it one of our
four company-wide strategic objectives, in addition to customer
success, margin, and growth.

With the significant drop of our employee engagement score
from 82% in 2006 to 69% in 2009 and 68% in 2010, we saw
the immediate need to make improving a top business priority
so that we could meet our ambitious growth goals. Our goal
has been to return to an engagement score of 82% by 2015.

In our 2012 employee “pulse check” (which surveys 50%

of our employees, compared to the 100% that we survey every
second year), our overall employee engagement score
increased to 79%. This was higher than our 2011 results (77%),
as well as a “global norm” that is calculated as a general point
of comparison by our survey provider. Eighty-nine percent of
our employees said they are proud to work at SAP (88% in
2011), and 87% said they believe strongly in our strategy and
goals (same level as in 2011). The survey results also indicate
that sustainability is now viewed by 91% of employees as central
to our purpose (88% in 2011).

Employees and Social Investment

RETAINING TALENT

The success of our people strategy is reflected in our retention
rate, which has a direct and profound impact on our bottom
ine and overall success. In 2012, we conducted an analysis
which showed that for each percentage point that our retention
rate goes up or down, the impact on our operating profit is
approximately €62 million. This finding underscores the degree
to which our management of talent correlates with our financial
erformance.

n 2012, the employee retention rate at SAP worldwide was 94%
(2011: 93%). We define “retention” as the ratio of the average
eadcount (expressed in full-time equivalents) minus employee-
initiated terminations (turnover) divided by the average
eadcount. In 2012, the average length of service at SAP world-
wide was approximately 6.8 years (2011: 6.7 years).

We do not believe that a general retention rate of 100% would
e the right target for SAP, as some turnover of talent is
eneficial for our ability to innovate. However, maintaining a
igh retention rate is a priority, and our efforts to do so
overlap with our focus on employee engagement and career
development. We will focus particular attention on highly
competitive job markets such as Brazil and China.

EXPANDING EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP

In 2012, SAP implemented new share-based payments which
significantly increased the way in which our employees and
management share in the company’s success. As a result, our
compensation mix more strongly rewards participants for their
contributions to achieving our 2015 goals.

77


--- Page 73 ---

The new Employee Participation Plan (EPP) 2015 is a multiyear
cash-based share plan that is offered to all SAP employees
except members of the Executive Board and the senior leader-
ip team. The plan creates a common financial incentive and
reward for achieving the yearly milestones of our 2015 goals.
Its formula is based on an individual's base salary, our target
ichievement, and SAP's share price prior to the day of payment.

ov

»

e new EPP is offered to employees in addition to the existing
are Matching Plan (SMP) and Stock Option plan. Under the
MP 2012, eligible employees were invited to purchase SAP AG
ares at a discount of 40%. After a holding period of three
ears, employees will receive five SAP shares free of charge for
very three shares held, as compared to receiving one extra
are in previous years. This special one-time enhancement was
made in honor of our 40th anniversary.

nanx8A

ooxu

The SAP Stock Option Plan 2010 (SOP 2010) targets top
executives and top performers for an allocation of stock
options, for the third year. Altogether, 9,253 employees were
granted options in 2012.

As aresult, we recorded an expense of €522 million from
SAP's share-based payments in 2012, compared to €68 million
in 2011. A large portion of this expense is a result of the new
EPP. A detailed description of share-based payments is included
in Note (27) of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

SAP expects to grant rights to employees under this plan in
the amount of €500 million through 2015. The final payout
might differ from this budget. In March 2013, we expect to pay
out €210 million based on a budgeted amount granted of
€125 million.

DRIVING INNOVATION THROUGH DIVERSITY

To SAP, diversity is an inherent part of our business strategy.
Having a diverse workforce enables us to better understand
customer challenges, come up with innovative solutions, and
stay competitive in a global economy. To attract and retain top
talent, we must find diverse sources of employees throughout
the world.

78

Our corporate culture reflects that of the world in which we
operate, with diversity in nationality, culture, race, ethnicity,
age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, as well as
mental and physical ability.

At SAP, we value all types of diversity. In order to drive further
development of our female employees, we set a tangible

goal regarding women in leadership — a complex issue in the high-
tech sector. SAP committed to increasing the number of
women in management positions from 18% in 2010 to 25%

by 2017. To achieve this goal, we continue to support women
through mentoring programs, where we strive to hire more
women and train them to enhance their employee and manager
awareness. In 2012, our overall percentage of women in the
workforce remained stable at 30%, and the percentage of
women in management positions increased from 18.7% in
2011 to 19.4%. Going forward, we strive to continue to make
rogress with focused female leadership development and
focused succession planning in the different Executive Board
areas. We also plan to put a stronger focus on generational
diversity to ensure that we have a strong mix of employees who
ring different perspectives and skills to SAP.

CREATING A HEALTHY CULTURE

At SAP, we seek to support our employees in being their best,
oth professionally and personally. This means promoting their
hysical health and well-being, but it also means much more.
We think about creating a healthy work environment that inspires
eople to continually develop, stretch their creativity, collaborate
in new ways, embrace change, and achieve work-life balance.
To us, a healthy work culture is a business priority, as it supports
our innovation, productivity, and ability to serve our customers.
Consequently, we have developed a global health strategy that
we will be working to implement in coming years.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 74 ---

We seek to measure the success of our health program based
on this broader, holistic approach. Our Business Health Culture
Index (BHCI) asks employees both about their personal well-
being and SAP’s work environment. In 2012, we achieved a BHC!
score of 66%, compared to 65% in 2011. Given the dynamics of
our industry, the global nature of our business and the fast pace
of change that our employees must manage, we believe that
maintaining a score of 65% or higher would be a significant
accomplishment in the future.

We also work toward our health goals by calling on our global
team of leaders to inspire and motivate employees to reach
their full potential. We recognize that to achieve outstanding
results, we must constantly reexamine and refine our leadership
practices to adapt to a fast-changing business environment.

SOCIAL INVESTMENTS
We make strategic social investments that leverage our expertise,
lay the foundation for a healthy business environment,

and help ensure a sustainable future for society, our customers,
and our company. Our two major focus areas, education and
entrepreneurship, build a pipeline of talent and create economic
opportunity, spurring job creation and the demand for IT services.
We call on our talent, technology, and capital to multiply our
impact, and we work in all of our programs to foster change for
the long term.

In 2012, SAP contributed €18.4 million in cash donations to
non-governmental and nonprofit organizations. In addition, we
donated software to almost 1,200 eligible nonprofit organiza-
tions, activated more than 130,000 employee volunteer hours,
and thereby positively impacted about one million lives to
enhance education for underserved youth and propel emerging
entrepreneurs to foster economic growth in our communities.
Through our University Alliances program, we donated licenses
for business software to more than 1,300 schools and universities
and improved career opportunities in business and information
technology for more than 230,000 students worldwide.

Employees and Social Investment

For more information about employees and social engagement,
related goals and programs, see the Attracting Talent, Talent
Development, Employee Engagement, Retention, Diversity and
Women in Leadership, Business Health Culture, Social Investment,
and Human Rights sections of the SAP Integrated Report online.

HEADCOUNT

On December 31, 2012, we had 64,422 full-time equivalent
(FTE) employees worldwide (December 31, 2011: 55,765). This
represents an increase in headcount of 8,657 FTEs in comparison
to 2012. Of the overall headcount increase in 2012, 4,816 resulted
from acquisitions. The average number of employees in 2012
was 61,134 (2011: 54,346).

We define the FTE headcount as the number of people we would
employ if we only employed people on full-time employment
contracts. Students employed part-time and certain individuals
who are employed by SAP but who for various reasons are not
currently working are excluded from our figures. Also, temporary
employees are not included in the above figures. The number
of such temporary employees is not material.

On December 31, 2012, the largest number of SAP employees
(46%) were employed in the EMEA region (including 26% in
Germany and 20% in other countries in the region), while 30%
were employed in the Americas region (including 21% in the
United States and 9% in other countries in the region) and 24%
in the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region.

79


--- Page 75 ---

Because we invested in support and cloud computing in 2012,
our support headcount increased in all regions. Our worldwide
headcount in the field of software and software-related services
grew 18% to 10,551 (2011: 8,963). Professional services and
other services counted 14,259 employees at the end of 2012 —
an increase of 7% (2011: 13,268). Our R & D headcount saw a
relatively strong year-over-year increase of 14% to 18,012 FTEs
(2011: 15,861). This growth stemmed from our acquisitions
and greater investment in the APJ region. Sales and marketing
headcount grew significantly by 26% to 14,899 at the end of
the year (2011: 11,780), because we invested very heavily in the
sales and marketing of our products and services in 2012 and
employed more sales staff in all regions with a strong focus on
the emerging markets. Our general and administration head-
count rose 15% to 4,286 FTEs at the end of the year (2011:
3,735). Our acquisitions were the main reason for this increase.
Our infrastructure employees, who provide IT and facility
management services, numbered 2,415 — an increase of 12%
(2011: 2,158) that mainly resulted from our acquisitions and
investments in our company IT.

In the Americas region, headcount increased by 3,650, or 24%;
in the EMEA region, the increase was 2,057, or 7%; and in the
APJ region, it was 2,950, or 23%.

Our personnel expense per employee was approximately
€119,000 in 2012 (2011: approximately €108,000). This rise in
expense is primarily attributable to an increase in salaries and
share-based payments prompted by the new plans and signifi-
cant rise in the share price in 2012. The personnel expense per
employee is defined as the personnel expense divided by the
average number of employees. For more information about
employee compensation and a detailed overview of the number
of people we employed, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Note (7).

80

Number of Employees

Full-time equivalents

51,544 47,584 53,513 55,765 64,422
12,592
11,255 11,741
10,248
26,827 26,989
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

lH EMEAregion = Americas region ' Asia Pacific Japan region

Employees by Functional Area

Full-time equivalents

Research and
development

18,012

Infrastructure
2,415

General and Professional services
administration and other services
4,286 14,259
Software and

software-related Sales and
services marketing
10,551 14,899

Combined Management Report


--- Page 76 ---

Energy and Emissions

As we create solutions for our customers to better manage
resources, we must also look to ourselves and improve our own
environmental performance. Doing so gives us critical insights
into the challenges facing our customers as they navigate a
resource-constrained world and helps us gain credibility in the
market. To fulfill our vision to help the world run better, we
must be at the forefront of reducing our emissions and creating
new efficiencies.

Our efforts have already benefitted us. We are now providing
our customers with a number of solutions to enhance their
efficiency, as well as track their emissions and energy usage
more effectively. We have also expanded our innovation to
create new efficiencies that directly impact our bottom line: We
calculated that, since the beginning of 2008, our sustainability
initiatives have contributed to a cumulative cost avoidance of
€220 million, compared to a business-as-usual extrapolation.

We assess our progress through four environmental perfor-
mance indicators that reflect our adaptability, efficiency, and
innovation. These indicators also reflect the success of

our overall corporate strategy to solve business problems ina
resource-constrained world.

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

SAP's goal is to reduce its total greenhouse gas emissions

to levels of the year 2000 by 2020. This target includes direct
emissions from our operations (scopes 1 and 2), as well as
limited indirect (scope 3) emissions, such as those stemming
from business travel. In addition to this long-term goal, SAP
has set annual targets. In 2012, our total emissions decreased
slightly to 485 kilotons (2011: 490 kilotons) despite significant
growth in our business (revenue from software and software-
related services increased 17%). Nonetheless, we narrowly
missed our target to reduce our emissions to 480 kilotons. In
addition to measuring our total emissions, we also track
emissions per employee and emissions per euro revenue. We
continued to increase our efficiency based on the emissions
per euro revenue for the sixth year in a row. Specifically, our
greenhouse gas emissions decreased from 34.4 grams per
euro in 2011 to 30.0 grams per euro in 2012. We also reduced
our carbon emissions per employee by more than 10% in 2012.

Energy and Emissions

We also disclose our emissions along our entire value chain —
meaning those that stem from the products and services that
we buy and sell, in addition to those related to our own opera-
tions or business travel. We are actively working to reduce both
our upstream and downstream emissions by collaborating with
our suppliers and customers on new approaches to reducing
greenhouse gas emissions.

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMED

The total energy consumed measure includes all energy that
SAP produces or purchases — in other words, the energy whose
production causes emissions that fall into scopes 1 and 2 of
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Our total energy consumption
remained stable at approximately 860 gigawatt hours in 2012
compared to 2011. This is especially noteworthy given that we
experienced growth in our business. Our efficiency also improved.
For example, although we have significantly expanded our
employee base and thus the number of company cars, our cor-
porate car fleet is not using proportionately more fuel because
it has become more efficient, with less energy consumed per
car. So while our car fleet grew by 9%, we had efficiency gains
of 8% across the entire fleet, offsetting the resulting increase in
energy usage and emissions. As a result, our energy consumption
decreased from 15.7 megawatt hours per employee in 2011 to
14.0 megawatt hours per employee in 2012. We also reduced
our energy consumption per euro revenue by about 13% com-
pared to 2011. In 2012, we started to improve our data collection
methods to monitor our energy usage worldwide.

81


--- Page 77 ---

DATA CENTER ENERGY

We focus on making data centers more energy efficient even

as demand for IT services rises. SAP has a comprehensive
sustainable IT strategy that includes working with customers
and hardware providers. We measure and manage data center
energy consumption per employee. (The energy we consume
in our data centers is part of our total energy consumed.) While
the development of SAP HANA led to an increase in our servers
and energy consumption in our data centers, the growth in the
number of employees at SAP resulted in increased efficiency.
Our data center energy intensity decreased from 2,824 kilowatt
hours per FTE (2011) to 2,598 kilowatt hours per FTE in 2012.
Over the past year, we have improved our global data center
management system to better track our efficiency, which is
also influenced by increasing the number of virtual servers

(in 2012, 67% of our servers were virtual). In addition, we are
working with our customers to devise solutions that would
simplify their data centers, lower their costs, and reduce their
energy consumption.

82

RENEWABLE ENERGY

We continue to expand our use of renewable energy, both to
decrease our reliance on fossil fuels and nuclear power and to
support an emerging market that is crucial for both SAP and
our customers. We purchase green electricity from local utility
companies, buy renewable energy certificates on a global level,
and produce our own energy using solar panels on our facilities.
At the end of 2012, approximately 60% of our total electricity
consumption stemmed from renewable sources, up from
47% in 2011. The shares of renewable energy used by SAP are
calculated by adding the amount of renewable energy obtained
through Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) or via the

grid (either through specific contracts or through the local
energy mix).

For more information about the importance of energy and
emissions to SAP's innovation strategy and to learn more about
our performance in 2012, see the Greenhouse Gas Emissions,
Total Energy Consumed, Data Center Energy, and Renewable
Energy sections of the SAP Integrated Report online. For more
information about how we manage waste and water, see the
Waste and Water section of the SAP Integrated Report online.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 78 ---

Measures Cited in This Report

We use various performance measures to help manage

our performance with regard to our primary financial goals,
which are growth and profitability, and our primary non-financial
goals, which are customer satisfaction and employee
engagement.

MEASURES WE USE TO MANAGE OUR FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE

Revised Software and Software-Related

Service Revenue Presentation

As aresult of placing greater focus on cloud computing, we
revised the presentation of our software and software-related
service (SSRS) revenue as of January 1, 2012, and we adjusted
our comparative figures accordingly. As a result of these
adjustments, the subscription and other software-related
service revenue item has been deleted. We believe this creates
more transparency regarding SSRS revenue, particularly
with respect to revenue from cloud subscriptions and support.
These revenues are no longer recorded under the subscription
and other software-related service revenue item, but instead
shown as a separate item within the SSRS revenue. Revenue
from long-term license agreements and all other revenue previ-
ously shown under SSRS revenue has been broken down into
its software and support components and recorded under the
software revenue and support revenue items. Thus, we present
higher revenue for software and for support for 2011. This
change is merely a reclassification that only affects items within

SSRS revenue. The overall sum of SSRS revenue and thus the
total revenue are not affected.
In addition, we introduced a new subtotal at the end of 2012

to better reflect our wide range of on-premise and cloud solu-
tions: The software revenue item and the cloud subscription
and support revenue item were merged and are now recorded
under the software and cloud subscription revenue item.
We believe this creates more transparency and allows better
comparability with our biggest competitor.

Measures Cited in This Report

Measures We Use to Manage Our Operating Financial
Performance

In 2012, we used the following key measures to manage our
operating financial performance:

Non-IFRS SSRS revenue: Our SSRS revenue includes software
and related support revenue plus cloud subscription and support
revenue. The principal source of our software revenue is the
fees customers pay for on-premise software licenses resulting
in software being installed on the customer’s hardware. We
generate cloud subscription and support revenue when we pro-
vide software and the respective support for delivery in the
cloud. Software revenue and cloud subscription and support
revenue are our key revenue drivers because they tend to affect
our other revenue streams. Generally, customers who buy
software licenses also enter into maintenance contracts, and
these generate recurring software-related service revenue in
the form of support revenue after the software sale. Maintenance
contracts cover support services and software updates and
enhancements. Software revenue as well as cloud subscription
and support revenue also tend to stimulate service revenue
from consulting and training sales.

Non-IFRS bookings/billings revenue: For our cloud activities
we look at the recognized revenues as well as the contract
values generated in a given period (bookings/billings). We
measure bookings/billings as the amounts that we are
contractually entitled to invoice the customers over the shorter
of the contract term and the first 12 months following the
contract execution date, anniversary of contract execution
date or contract renewal date (12 months bookings/billings).

In contrast to the cloud subscription and support revenues that
are recognized over the period of providing the cloud service
rather than in the period of contract closure, the booking/billing
numbers give insight into the future revenue potential. When
evaluating 12 months bookings/billings numbers, we consider
both the total bookings/billings and the subset of bookings/
billings that results from new customers or additional sales to
existing customers in the reporting period rather than from
subsequent years or renewals of existing contracts. There is no
comparable IFRS measure for this figure.

83


--- Page 79 ---

Our Cloud Applications segment has grown significantly
through the acquisition of SuccessFactors in early 2012. As
SuccessFactors is included in SAP's financials only from the
day of acquisition, a year-over-year comparison of the bookings/
billings is impacted by the acquisition. We therefore analyze
and report, in addition to the absolute growth rate of bookings/
billings for cloud applications, a pro forma growth rate assuming
that the acquisition of SuccessFactors was completed as of
January 1, 2011. A similar analysis is not provided for the Ariba
segment due to the Ariba acquisition having occurred late

in 2012.

Non-IFRS operating profit/non-IFRS operating margin: In
2012, we used non-IFRS operating profit/non-IFRS operating
margin and constant currency non-IFRS operating profit/non-
IFRS operating margin to measure our overall operational
process efficiency and overall business performance. Non-IFRS
operating margin is the ratio of our non-IFRS operating profit
to total non-IFRS revenue, expressed as a percentage. See
below for a discussion of the IFRS and non-IFRS measures we
use.

Measures We Use to Manage Our Non-operating
Financial Performance

We use the following measures to manage our non-operating
financial performance:

Finance income, net: This measure provides insight especially
into the return on liquid assets and capital investments and the
cost of borrowed funds. To manage our financial income, net,
we focus on cash flow, the composition of our liquid asset and
capital investment portfolio, and the average rate of interest at
which assets are invested. We also monitor average outstanding
borrowings and the associated finance costs.

Days of Sales Outstanding and Days of Payables Outstanding:
We manage working capital by controlling the days’ sales
outstanding for operating receivables, or DSO (defined as
average number of days from the raised invoice to cash receipt
from the customer), and the days’ payables outstanding for
operating liabilities, or DPO (defined as average number of
days from the received invoice to cash payment to the vendor).

84

Measures We Use to Manage Overall Financial
Performance

We use the following measures to manage our overall financial
performance:

Earnings per share (EPS): EPS measures our overall perfor-
mance, because it captures all operating and non-operating
elements of profit as well as income tax expense. It represents
the portion of profit after tax allocable to each SAP share
outstanding (using the weighted average number of shares
outstanding over the reporting period). EPS is influenced not
only by our operating and non-operating business, and income
taxes, but also by the number of shares outstanding. We are
authorized by our shareholders to repurchase shares and believe
that such repurchases, additional to dividend distributions,
are a good means to return value to the shareholders.

Effective tax rate: We define our effective tax rate as the
ratio of income tax expense to profit before tax, expressed as a
percentage.

Operating, investing, and financing cash flows: Our consoli-
dated statement of cash flows provides insight as to how we
generated and used cash and cash equivalents. When used in
conjunction with the other primary financial statements, it
provides information that helps us evaluate the changes of our
net assets, our financial structure (including our liquidity and
solvency), and our ability to affect the amounts and timing

of cash flows in order to adapt to changing circumstances and
opportunities.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 80 ---

MEASURES WE USE TO MANAGE OUR NON-FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE

In 2012, we used the following key measures to manage
our non-financial performance in the areas of employee
engagement and customer satisfaction:

Employee Engagement Index: With this index, we measure the
level of employee commitment, pride, and loyalty, as well as the
level of employee advocacy for SAP. The index is derived from
surveys conducted among our employees. With this measure,
we recognize that we can achieve our growth strategy with
engaged employees only.

Net Promoter Score: This score measures the willingness of
our customers to recommend or promote SAP to others. It is
derived from our customer survey. Conducted each year, this
survey identifies whether a customer is loyal and likely to rec-
ommend SAP to friends or colleagues, is neutral, or is unhappy.
We introduced this measure in 2012, as we are convinced that
we can achieve our financial goals only when our customers
are loyal to and satisfied with SAP and our solutions. To derive
the Net Promoter Score (NPS), we start with the percentage of
“promoters” of SAP — those who give us a score of 9 or 10 on
ascale of 0 to 10. We then subtract the percentage of “detrac-
tors” — those who give us a score of 0 to 6. The methodology
calls for ignoring “passives,” who give us a score of 7 or 8.

VALUE-BASED MANAGEMENT

Our holistic view of the performance measures described above,
together with our associated analyses, comprises the information
we use for value-based management. We use planning and
control processes to manage the compilation of these key
measures and their availability to our decision makers across
various management levels.

Measures Cited in This Report

SAP's long-term strategic plans are the point of reference for
our other planning and controlling processes, including creating
a multiyear plan until 2015. We identify future growth and
profitability drivers at a highly aggregated level. This process is
intended to identify the best areas in which to target sustained
investment. Next, we evaluate our multiyear plans for our support
and development functions and break down the customer-facing
plans by sales region. Based on our detailed annual plans, we
determine the budget for the respective year. We also have
processes in place to forecast revenue and profit on a quarterly
basis, to quantify whether we expect to realize our strategic
goals, and to identify any deviations from plan. We continuously
monitor the concerned units in the Group to analyze these
developments and define any appropriate actions.

Our entire network of planning, control, and reporting processes
is implemented in integrated planning and information systems,
based on SAP software, across all organizational units so that

we can conduct the evaluations and analyses needed to make
informed decisions.

NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES CITED IN THIS REPORT
As in previous years, we provided our 2012 financial outlook on
the basis of certain non-IFRS measures. Therefore, this report
contains a non-IFRS based comparison of our actual performance
in 2012 against our outlook in the chapter Assets, Finances
and Operating Results.

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures
for 2012 and 2011

The following table reconciles our IFRS financial measures to the
respective and most comparable non-IFRS financial measures
of this report for each of 2012 and 2011. Due to rounding, the
sum of the numbers presented in this table might not precisely
equal the totals we provide.

85


--- Page 81 ---

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for 2012 and 2011

€ millions, unless otherwise stated

for the years ended December 31

2012 2011
IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Currency Nor-IFRS IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS
Impact Constant
Currency
Revenue measures
Software 4,658 0 4,658 134 4,524 4,107 0 4,107
Cloud subscriptions and support 270 73 343 21 322 18 0 18
Software and cloud subscriptions 4,928 73 5,001 =155 4,846 4,125 0 4,125
Support 8,237 9 8,246 -286 7,959 7,194 27 7,221
Software and software-related 13,165 81 13,246 -A4l 12,806 11,319 27 11,346
service revenue
Consulting 2,442 0 2,442 -95 2,347 2,341 0 2,341
Other services 616 0 616 =18 599 573 0 573
Professional services and other 3,058 t) 3,058 -113 2,945 2,914 0 2,914
service revenue
Total revenue 16,223 81 16,304 -553 15,751 14,233 27 14,260
Operating expense measures
Cost of software and software-related 2,551 414 2,137 -2,107 285 -1,822
services
Cost of professional services and -2,514 128 -2,385 ~2,248 32 -2,216
other services
Research and development -2,253 129 -2,124 -1,939 41 -1,898
Sales and marketing -3,907 223 3,684 3,081 127 -2,954
General and administration 947 164 ~783 715 30 685
Restructuring =8 8 0 —4 4 0
TomorrowNow litigation 0) 0 0 717 -717 )
Other operating income/expense, net 23 0 23 25 0 25
Total operating expenses -12,158 1,067 -11,090 362 -10,728 -9,352 -198 -9,550

Operating profit measures

Operating profit 4,881 -171 4,710
Operating margin in % 34.3 33.0

86 Combined Management Report


--- Page 82 ---

Explanation of Non-IFRS Measures

We disclose certain financial measures, such as non-IFRS
revenue, non-IFRS operating expenses, non-IFRS operating
profit, non-IFRS operating margin, non-IFRS earnings per share,
constant currency revenue and operating profit measures that
are not prepared in accordance with IFRS and are therefore
considered non-IFRS financial measures. Our non-IFRS financial
measures may not correspond to non-IFRS financial measures
that other companies report. The non-IFRS financial measures
that we report should only be considered in addition to, and not
as substitutes for or superior to, revenue, operating expenses,
operating profit, operating margin, earnings per share or other
measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with
IFRS.

We believe that the disclosed supplemental historical and
prospective non-IFRS financial information provides useful
information to investors because management uses this
information, in addition to financial data prepared in accordance
with IFRS, to attain a more transparent understanding of our
past performance and our anticipated future results. In 2012,
we used these non-IFRS measures consistently in our internal
planning and forecasting, reporting and compensation, as well
as in our external communications as follows:

— Our management primarily uses these non-IFRS measures
rather than IFRS measures as the basis for making financial,
strategic and operating decisions.

— The variable remuneration components of our Executive
Board members and employees are based on non-IFRS
revenue and non-IFRS operating profit measures rather
than the respective IFRS measures.

— The annual budgeting process for all management units is
based on non-IFRS revenue and non-IFRS operating profit
numbers rather than the respective IFRS financial measures.

— All forecast and performance reviews with all senior managers
globally are based on these non-IFRS measures, rather than
the respective IFRS financial measures.

— Both our internal performance targets and the guidance
we provided to the capital markets are based on non-IFRS
revenues and non-IFRS profit measures rather than the
respective IFRS financial measures.

Measures Cited in This Report

Our non-IFRS financial measures reflect adjustments based on
the items below, as well as adjustments for the related income
tax effects.

Non-IFRS Revenue

Revenue items identified as non-IFRS revenue have been
adjusted from the respective IFRS financial measures by
including the full ammount of support revenue, cloud subscriptions
revenue, and other similarly recurring revenues which we are
not permitted to record as revenue under IFRS due to

fair value accounting for the contracts in effect at the time of
the respective acquisitions.

Under IFRS, we record at fair value the contracts in effect at the
time entities were acquired. Consequently, our IFRS support
revenue, our IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue, our
IFRS software and cloud subscription revenue, our IFRS soft-
ware and software-related service revenue, and our IFRS total
revenue for periods subsequent to acquisitions do not reflect
the full amount of revenue that would have been recorded by
entities acquired by SAP had they remained stand-alone entities.
Adjusting revenue numbers for this revenue impact provides
additional insight into the comparability across periods of our
ongoing performance.

Through 2011, our adjustments for deferred revenue write-
downs were limited to support revenue. During 2012, we also
made such deferred revenue write-down adjustments for cloud
subscriptions revenue and other similarly recurring revenues.
As the deferred revenue write-down adjustments for recurring
revenues other than support revenue from acquisitions that
were executed through 2011 were immaterial, we have not
restated prior-period non-IFRS measures to align with our new
non-IFRS revenue definition.

87


--- Page 83 ---

Non-IFRS Operating Expense
Operating expense figures that are identified as non-IFRS
operating expenses have been adjusted by excluding the
following expenses:
— Acquisition-related charges
- Amortization expense/impairment charges of intangibles
acquired in business combinations and certain stand-alone
acquisitions of intellectual property (including purchased
in-process research and development)
+ Settlements of pre-existing business relationships in
connection with a business combination
+ Acquisition-related third-party expenses
— Discontinued activities: Results of discontinued operations
that qualify as such under IFRS in all respects except that
they do not represent a major line of business
— Expenses from our share-based payments
— Restructuring expenses

Non-IFRS Operating Profit, Non-IFRS Operating Margin,
and Non-IFRS Earnings per Share

Operating profit, operating margin, and earnings per share
identified as non-IFRS operating profit, non-IFRS operating
margin, and non-IFRS earnings per share have been adjusted
from the respective IFRS measures by adjusting for the
above-mentioned non-IFRS revenue and non-IFRS operating
expenses.

We exclude certain acquisition-related expenses for the purpose
of calculating non-IFRS operating profit, non-IFRS operating
margin, and non-IFRS earnings per share when evaluating SAP’s
continuing operational performance because these expenses
generally cannot be changed or influenced by management
after the relevant acquisition other than by disposing of the

acquired assets. Since management at levels below the Executive

Board does not influence these expenses, we generally do
not consider these expenses for the purpose of evaluating the
performance of management units. Additionally, these
non-IFRS measures have been adjusted from the respective
IFRS measures for the results of the discontinued activities,
share-based payment expenses, and restructuring expenses.

88

Usefulness of Non-IFRS Measures

We believe that our non-IFRS measures are useful to investors
for the following reasons:

— The non-IFRS measures provide investors with insight into
management's decision making because management uses
these non-IFRS measures to run our business and make
financial, strategic, and operating decisions.

— The non-IFRS measures provide investors with additional
information that enables a comparison of year-over-year
operating performance by eliminating certain direct effects
of acquisitions and discontinued activities.

— Non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures are widely used in the
software industry. In many cases, inclusion of our non-IFRS
measures may facilitate comparison with our competitors’
corresponding non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures.

Additionally, we believe that our adjustments to our IFRS financial
measures for the results of our discontinued TomorrowNow
activities are useful to investors for the following reason:

— TomorrowNow activities were discontinued and we will thus
continue to exclude potential future TomorrowNow results,
which are expected to mainly comprise expenses in connec-
tion with the Oracle lawsuit, from our internal management
reporting, planning, forecasting, and compensation plans.
Therefore, adjusting our non-IFRS measures for the results
of the discontinued TomorrowNow activities provides insight
into the financial measures that SAP uses internally.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 84 ---

We include the revenue adjustments outlined above and
exclude the expense adjustments outlined above when making
decisions to allocate resources, both on a company level and
at lower levels of the organization. In addition, we use these
non-IFRS measures to gain a better understanding of SAP's
operating performance from period to period.

We believe that our non-IFRS financial measures described
above have limitations, including but not limited to, the following:
— The eliminated amounts could be material to us.

— Without being analyzed in conjunction with the corresponding
IFRS measures, the non-IFRS measures are not indicative of
our present and future performance, foremost for the following
reasons:

- While our non-IFRS profit numbers reflect the elimination
of certain acquisition-related expenses, no eliminations are
made for the additional revenue and other revenue that
result from the acquisitions.

* While we adjust for the fair value accounting of the acquired
entities’ recurring revenue contracts, we do not adjust for
the fair value accounting of deferred compensation items
that result from commissions paid to the acquired company's
sales force and third parties for closing the respective
customer contracts.

- The acquisition-related charges that we eliminate in deriving
our non-IFRS profit numbers are likely to recur should
SAP enter into material business combinations in the future.

- The acquisition-related amortization expense that we elimi-
nate in deriving our non-IFRS profit numbers is a recurring
expense that will impact our financial performance in future
years.

* The revenue adjustment for the fair value accounting of the
acquired entities’ contracts and the expense adjustment
for acquisition-related charges do not arise from a common
conceptual basis. This is because the revenue adjustment
aims to improve the comparability of the initial post-acquisition
period with future post-acquisition periods, while the
expense adjustment aims to improve the comparability
between post-acquisition periods and pre-acquisition
periods. This should particularly be considered when evalu-
ating our non-IFRS operating profit and non-IFRS operating
margin numbers as these combine our non-IFRS revenue
and non-IFRS expenses despite the absence of acommon
conceptual basis.

Measures Cited in This Report

* Our discontinued activities and restructuring charges could
result in significant cash outflows. The same applies to
our share-based payment expense because most of our
share-based payments are to be settled in cash rather than
shares.

- The valuation of our cash-settled, share-based payments
could vary significantly from period to period due to the
fluctuation of our share price and other parameters used in
the valuation of these plans.

* We have in the past issued share-based payment awards to
our employees every year and we intend to continue doing
so in the future. Thus, our share-based payment expenses
are recurring although the amounts usually change from
period to period.

Despite these limitations, we believe that the presentation of
the non-IFRS measures and the corresponding IFRS measures,
together with the relevant reconciliations, provides useful
information to management and investors regarding present
and future business trends relating to our financial condition
and results of operations. We do not evaluate our growth and
performance without considering both non-IFRS measures
and the comparable IFRS measures. We caution the readers of
our financial reports to follow a similar approach by considering
our non-IFRS measures only in addition to, and not as a
substitute for or superior to, revenue or other measures of our
financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Constant Currency Information

We believe it is important for investors to have information
that provides insight into our sales. Revenue measures
determined under IFRS provide information that is useful in
this regard. However, both sales volume and currency effects

89


--- Page 85 ---

impact period-over-period changes in sales revenue. We do not
sell standardized units of products and services, so we cannot
provide relevant information on sales volume by providing
data on the changes in product and service units sold. To
provide additional information that may be useful to investors in
breaking down and evaluating changes in sales volume, we
present information about our revenue and various values and
components relating to operating profit that are adjusted for
foreign currency effects. We calculate constant currency
revenue and operating profit measures by translating foreign
currencies using the average exchange rates from the previous
year instead of the current year.

We believe that constant currency measures have limitations,
particularly as the currency effects that are eliminated constitute
a significant element of our revenue and expenses and could
materially impact our performance. We therefore limit our use
of constant currency measures to the analysis of changes in
volume as one element of the full change in a financial measure.
We do not evaluate our results and performance without con-
sidering both constant currency measures in non-IFRS revenue
and non-IFRS operating profit measures on the one hand, and
changes in revenue, operating expenses, operating profit, or
other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance
with IFRS on the other. We caution the readers of our financial
reports to follow a similar approach by considering constant
currency measures only in addition to, and not as a substitute
for or superior to, changes in revenue, operating expenses,
operating profit, or other measures of financial performance
prepared in accordance with IFRS.

90

Free Cash Flow

We use our free cash flow measure to estimate the cash flow
remaining after all expenditures required to maintain or expand
our organic business have been paid off. This measure provides
management with supplemental information to assess our
liquidity needs. We calculate free cash flow as net cash from
operating activities minus purchases, other than purchases
made in connection with business combinations, of intangible
assets and property, plant, and equipment.

Free Cash Flow
€ millions

2012 2011 Change in%
Net cash flows from 3,822 3,775 1
operating activities
Purchase of intangible assets and =541 =445 22
property, plant, and equipment
(without acquisitions)
Free Cash Flow (S287 3.330 =1

Combined Management Report


--- Page 86 ---

Economic Conditions

GLOBAL ECONOMIC TRENDS

he global recovery lost some of its momentum in 2012,
according to European Central Bank (ECB)”. Particularly, the
sovereign debt crisis in Europe impacted the global economy,
and as the year progressed, the economic slowdown in
advanced economies spilled over into emerging markets.
ighter fiscal policies slowed gross domestic product growth
even further. Nevertheless, the economies of the emerging
countries performed much better in 2012 than those of
industrialized countries.

nthe EMEA region, gross domestic product in the euro area
saw a slight decline in 2012, but managed to stabilize at a

ow level toward the end of the year, boosting consumer and
investor confidence in the financial markets. Given the positive
developments in the labor market, Germany's economy —
according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) — grew
faster than the euro area average. Yet here too, economic
growth failed to reach the previous year’s level. The European
Union (EU) countries outside the euro area experienced relatively
weak economic growth. By contrast, expansionary fiscal and
monetary policies in Africa and the Middle East, as well as

the private sector's high confidence in economic growth,
strengthened the resilience of most economies.

The economy of the Americas region picked up in 2012.
Although the U.S. economy continued to grow slowly overall, it
managed to surpass its 2011 results toward year-end. This was
mainly due to unexpectedly resilient foreign trade and a rise

in consumer and government spending. Growth in Latin America,
on the other hand, decelerated, particularly in the first half of
the year, due to a drop in demand from abroad and weak
domestic demand.

In the APJ region, economic growth rates were less contrary than
in past years. Following the setbacks of 2011, the Japanese
economy once again saw positive growth, although export levels
and consumer spending remained low. In September, for the
first time in more than 25 years, Japan even imported more than

» Unless otherwise indicated, all economic information in this section is based on information
from the European Central Bank (ECB),

Economic Conditions

it exported. Economic activity in emerging countries, especially
China, continued its positive trend in 2012, but grew slower than
in previous years. A decrease in demand from Europe weakened
export growth, and domestic demand, though robust, could
offset this only partially. Growth rates remained considerably
lower than in previous years, with China recording only single-
digit growth.

THE IT MARKET

Based on IDC analyses, SAP estimated the market for enterprise
software (Enterprise Application Market, EAM) to be approxi-
mately US$110 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012 (on a rolling
four-quarter basis). In 2012, SAP was able to further extend its
lead over its closest competitors Oracle and Microsoft and to
increase its market share.

Global IT spending grew according to IDC in the middle
single-digit percentage range in 2012 and thus twice as fast as
the overall global economy. Spending on smartphones, tablet
PCs, data storage devices, and application software was well
above this average. In line with the global economic trend,
the emerging countries spent more on IT in 2012 than did the
ndustrialized countries.

e economic crisis in Europe had a negative impact on IT market
growth in the EMEA region. The austerity measures of many
governments had a detrimental effect, especially on corporate
nvestments. As a result, IT spending in Western Europe only
increased by values in the lower single-digit percentage range.
is growth rate nevertheless surpassed the growth rate

for the global economy in 2012. Spending remained stable for
smartphones and tablet PCs only.

nthe Americas region, the U.S. IT market grew at the same
ace as in 2011. Spending figures, as well as the growth rate for
the entire U.S. economy, were below the global average. But the
remaining countries in this region were able to counterbalance
this result, so that IT spending for the entire region exceeded
the global average.

91


--- Page 87 ---

The IT market in the APJ region offered up a contradictory
scenario. The Japanese IT market in particular proved to be
weak. After gaining momentum from reconstruction efforts
following the natural disasters in 2011, the economy began to
slow as the year went on. As a result, IT spending in Japan only
rose by values in the lower single-digit percentage range. The
market in developing Asian countries, however, grew steadily.
Even though China's gross domestic product grew less than
10% in 2012, its IT market once again recorded double-digit
growth. However, this IT growth was considerably slower
than in 2011. Drivers of the Chinese IT market were primarily
software, services, and infrastructure.

IMPACT ON SAP
The overall economy and the IT industry were once again
characterized by uncertainty and risks in 2012. SAP business,
however, was not affected: In 2012, SAP's growth rate surpassed
that of the IT industry and the global economy. We owe this
success first and foremost to our innovations in our core areas
Applications and Analytics as well as our three new categories
Mobile, Cloud, and Database and Technology (based on our
in-memory platform SAP HANA).

In this volatile economic environment, companies find them-
selves forced to streamline their business processes — which
are now exposed more than ever to fluctuations and risks — and
to predict and analyze what-if scenarios. These companies had
to deal with rapidly increasing and ever more complex data
volumes, and needed to be able to access real-time evaluations
at any time and from anywhere. SAP met this need with its
comprehensive range of standard software offerings.

92

In the EMEA region, however, we were not able to withdraw
from the effects of the euro crisis entirely. At the beginning of
the year, our revenues in a number of European markets lagged
behind the annual average, but picked up pace as the year
progressed and even went on to outperform the global economy
and the rest of the IT industry. Especially noteworthy was

the double-digit growth in revenue from software and cloud
subscriptions in the EMEA region.

Our Americas region likewise outperformed the global economy
and IT market. The fact that we were able to win customers in
key industries for our innovative solutions was a key factor to
this success. This was mainly reflected in the growth rate of our
software and cloud subscription revenues in the Americas
region, which grew at a double-digit rate in 2012.

The APJ region reported record revenue results compared to
the figures for the global economy and IT market. We benefited
greatly from the fact that Asian companies, for example, in
Japan, were very open-minded and interested in being early
adopters of our new technologies and solution categories.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 88 ---

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

PERFORMANCE AGAINST OUTLOOK FOR 2012
(NON-IFRS)

Our 2012 operating profit-related internal management goals
and published outlook were based on our non-IFRS financial
measures. For this reason, in this section we discuss perfor-
mance against our outlook referring solely to these non-IFRS
financial measures. All discussion in the Operating Results
(IFRS) section, however, is in terms of measures in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and
the numbers in that section are not explicitly identified as IFRS
measures.

Outlook for 2012 (Non-IFRS)
At the beginning of 2012, we forecasted that our software and
software-related service revenue (non-IFRS) for 2012 would
increase by 10% to 12% on a constant currency basis (2011:
€11,346 million). SuccessFactors was anticipated to account
for two percentage points of this increase.

We also expected operating profit (non-IFRS) for 2012 to be

in the range of €5.05 billion to €5.25 billion (2011: €4.71 billion)
at constant currencies. We expected our operating profit
(non-IFRS) excluding the SuccessFactors business to be ina
similar range.

We anticipated an IFRS effective tax rate of between 26.5% and
27.5% in 2012 (2011: 27.9%) and anon-IFRS effective tax rate
of between 27.0% and 28.0% (2011: 26.6%).

In July 2012, we confirmed the outlook we published in January
2012. In October 2012, we changed our forecast for revenue
growth to take into account the acquisition of Ariba.

Provided that the economic environment did not deteriorate,
we anticipated our software and software-related service revenue
(non-IFRS) for 2012, including Ariba, would reach the upper end
of the 10.5% to 12.5% range on a constant currency basis. This
would include a total contribution from SuccessFactors and
Ariba of around 2.5 percentage points. In line with our forecast
at the beginning of 2012, we continued to expect our operating
profit (non-IFRS) excluding the SuccessFactors and Ariba
business to be in a similar range.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

2012 Actual Performance Compared to Outlook
(Non-IFRS)

In 2012, we increased our software and software-related service
revenue (non-IFRS) by 13% to €12,806 million on a constant
currency basis (2011: €11,346 million), clearly exceeding our
expectations of 10% to 12% as announced in January 2012 as
well as our revised forecast in October.

Target-Performance Comparison for 2012

Forecast 2012 Results 2012
Software and software-related service +10.5% to +13%
revenue (non-IFRS, at constant 12.5%?)

currency)»

Operating profit (non-IFRS, at €5.05 bn to €5.02 bn
constant currency) €5.25 bn

Effective tax rate (IFRS) 26.5% to 27.5% 26.2%
Effective tax rate (non-IFRS) 27.0% to 28.0% 27.5%

» Updated forecast as at October 2012. This includes a combined contribution of approximately
2.5 percentage points from SuccessFactors and Ariba,
2 Forecast increased in the course of the fiscal year.

Despite the partially uncertain economic situation in 2012,
our new and existing customers continued to show a high
willingness to invest in our solutions:

The constant currency-based increase in software revenue
was largely due to strong growth in the APJ and EMEA regions
and steady growth in the Americas region. However, growth
was slower in 2012 than in 2011. We also recorded a significant
increase in cloud subscription and support revenue, thanks

to the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba. As a result, our
software and cloud subscription revenue for 2012 increased
21% (17% at constant currencies) to €5 billion. Our software
and software-related service revenue increased 17% to
€13.25 billion (2011: €11.35 billion). At constant currencies, this
increase was 13%. SuccessFactors and Ariba contributed to
the growth in software and software-related service revenue at
2.7% (ona constant currency basis).

93


--- Page 89 ---

In 2012, we achieved an operating profit (non-IFRS) of €5,023
million on a constant currency basis. Thus, operating profit
(non-IFRS) at constant currencies for 2012 was slightly lower
than the range of €5.05 billion to €5.25 billion that SAP had
projected. This reduction in operating profit is mainly due to
the continued investment in key innovations, as well as the
expansion of SAP's sales activities worldwide.

We achieved an effective tax rate of 26.2% (IFRS) and 27.5%
(non-IFRS), which is lower than the effective tax rate of 26.5%
to 27.5% (IFRS) but in the range of 27.0% to 28.0% (non-IFRS)
projected for 2012. This decrease in the effective tax rate (IFRS)
in comparison to the outlook mainly arises from the regional
allocation of income.

OPERATING RESULTS (IFRS)

This Operating Results (IFRS) section discusses results
exclusively in terms of IFRS measures, so the IFRS financial
measures are not expressly identified as such.

We acquired SuccessFactors in February 2012. Therefore,

the SuccessFactors results are incorporated in our results only
for the months February to December 2012. Further, we
acquired Ariba in October 2012. Therefore, the Ariba results are
incorporated in our results only for the months October to
December 2012.

94

Software Revenue by Region (based on customer location)

€ millions
3,722 2,725 3,410 4,107 4,658
722
590
554
457
we) 1,851
1,377 1,555
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012
@ EMEAregion ® Americasregion © Asia Pacific Japan region
Software and Cloud Subscription Revenue by Region
(based on customer location)
€ millions
3,728 2,735 3,424 4,125 4,928
722
591
555
459
1,565
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

m EMEAregion # Americas region © Asia Pacific Japan region

Combined Management Report


--- Page 90 ---

Software and Software-Related Service Revenue by Region
(based on customer location)

€ millions
8,466 8,198 9,794 11,319 13,165
1,832
1,484
tos 1,144
5,529
4,577 4,336 4,883
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

m EMEAregion ™ Americas region © Asia Pacific Japan region

Revenue

Total Revenue

Our revenue increased from €14,233 million in 2011 to €16,223
million in 2012, representing an increase of €1,990 million or
14%. This total revenue growth reflects a 10% increase from
changes in volumes and prices and a 4% increase from currency
effects. The revenue growth is due primarily to an increase in
software revenue of €551 million, an increase in cloud subscrip-
tions and support revenue of €252 million, and an increase in
support revenue of €1,043 million. In 2012, software and software-
related service revenue totaled €13,165 million as a result of
this increase. Software and software-related service revenue
represented 81% of total revenue in 2012 (2011: 80%). In 2012,
professional services and other service revenue contributed
€3,058 million to our total revenue, representing an increase of
5% compared to 2011.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

For an analysis of our total revenue by region and industry, see
the Revenue by Region and Revenue by Industry sections.

Software and Software-Related Service Revenue

Software revenue represents fees earned from the sale or license
of software to customers. Cloud subscriptions and support
revenue relates to contracts which permit the customer to use
specific SAP-hosted software functions during the contract
period, and which impose significant contractual penalty if the
customer cancels the contract or permanently uses the software
on the customer's own systems. Support revenue represents
fees earned from providing customers with technical support
services and unspecified software upgrades, updates, and
enhancements.

Software and software-related service revenue increased from
€11,319 million in 2011 to €13,165 million in 2012, representing
an increase of 16%. The software and software-related service
revenue growth reflects a 12% increase from changes in volumes
and prices and a 4% increase from currency effects.

Software and cloud subscriptions revenue increased from
€4,125 million in 2011 to €4,928 million in 2012, representing
an increase of €803 million or 19%. This growth consists of a
16% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 3%
increase from currency effects.

Software revenue increased from €4,107 million in 2011 to
€4,658 million in 2012, representing an increase of €551 million
or 13%. This growth consists of a 10% increase from changes
in volumes and prices and a 3% increase from currency effects.
SAP HANA contributed €392 million to software revenue in
2012, while mobile solutions accounted for €222 million.

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue increased from

€18 million in 2011 to €270 million in 2012. This growth is
largely due to the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba.

95


--- Page 91 ---

Our customer base continued to expand in 2012. Based on the
number of contracts concluded, 19% of the orders we received
for software in 2012 were from new customers (2011: 19%).
The total value of software orders received grew 20% year over
year. The total number of contracts signed for new software
decreased 4% to 59,289 contracts (2011: 61,474 contracts),
whereas the average order value went up 25%.

Our stable customer base and the continued investment in
software by new and existing customers throughout 2012 and
the previous year resulted in an increase in support revenue
from €7,194 million in 2011 to €8,237 million in 2012. The SAP
Enterprise Support service was the largest contributor to our
support revenue. The €1,043 million or 14% increase in support
revenue reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes and
prices and a 4% increase from currency effects. This growth
is primarily attributable to our premium offerings and SAP
Enterprise Support. According to that, the SAP Enterprise
Support acceptance rate for net-new customers increased
from 88% in 2011 to 96% in 2012.

Professional Services and Other Service Revenue
Professional services and other service revenue consists primarily
of consulting and other service revenue. We generate most

of our consulting revenue from the implementation of our soft-
ware products. Other service revenue consists mainly of revenue
from the messaging services acquired from Sybase, as well
as training revenue from providing educational services to
customers and partners on the use of our software products
and related topics.

Professional services and other service revenue increased from
€2,914 million in 2011 to €3,058 million in 2012, representing
an increase of €144 million or 5%. This growth reflects a 1%
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 4% increase
from currency effects.

Consulting revenue increased from €2,341 million in 2011 to
€2,442 million in 2012, representing an increase of €101 million
or 4%. The growth resulted entirely from currency effects.
Consulting revenue contributed 80% of professional services
and other service revenue (2011: 80%). Consulting revenue
contributed 15% of total revenue in 2012 (2011: 16%).

96

Other service revenue increased from €573 million in 2011

to €616 million in 2012, representing an increase of 8%. This
growth reflects a 5% increase from changes in volumes and
prices and a 3% increase from currency effects. The increase
is due mainly to higher revenues from messaging services.

Revenue by Region and Industry

Revenue by Region

We break our operations down into three regions: the Europe,
Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the Americas region,
and the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. We allocate revenue
amounts to each region based on where the customer is located.
For more information about revenue by geographic region, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (28).

Total Revenue by Region (based on customer location)
€ millions

11,575 10,672 12,464 14,233 16,223
2,151
1,766
1,489
1,409
6,206 6,991
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

lH EMEAregion = Americas region ' Asia Pacific Japan region

Combined Management Report


--- Page 92 ---

The EMEA Region

In 2012, the EMEA region generated €7,486 million in revenue
(2011: €6,991 million) or 46% of total revenue (2011: 49%).
This represents a year-over-year increase of 7%. Total revenue
in Germany increased 1% to €2,380 million in 2012 (2011:
€2,347 million). Germany contributed 32% (2011: 34%) of all
EMEA region revenue. The remaining revenue in the EMEA
region was primarily generated in France, Italy, the Netherlands,
Russia, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. Software and
software-related service revenue generated in the EMEA region
in 2012 totaled €6,106 million (2011: €5,529 million). Soft-
ware and software-related service revenue represented 82%
of total revenue in 2012 (2011: 79%). Software and cloud
subscription revenue increased 13% in 2012 to €2,107 million
(2011: €1,864 million). This growth reflects a 12% increase
from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% increase from
currency effects.

The Americas Region

In 2012, 38% of our total revenue was generated in the Americas
region (2011: 36%). Total revenue in the Americas region
increased 20% to €6,100 million; revenue generated in the
United States increased 21% to €4,461 million. This growth
reflects a 12% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 9% increase from currency effects. The United States
contributed 73% (2011: 73%) of all Americas region revenue.
In the remaining countries of the Americas region, revenue
increased 18% to €1,639 million. This growth reflects a 17%
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% increase
from currency effects. This revenue was principally generated
in Brazil, Canada, and Mexico. Software and software-related
service revenue generated in the Americas region in 2012 totaled
€4,820 million (2011: €3,958 million). Software and software-
related service revenue represented 79% of all revenue in

the Americas region in 2012 (2011: 78%). Software and cloud
subscription revenue increased 25% in 2012 to €1,920 million
(2011: €1,540 million). This growth reflects a 19% increase
from changes in volumes and prices and a 6% increase from
currency effects.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

The APJ Region

In 2012, 16% (2011: 15%) of our total revenue was generated

in the APJ region, with Japan recording the largest revenue
increase. Total revenue in the APJ region increased 23% to
€2,637 million. In Japan, total revenue increased 21% to
€789 million in 2012, representing a 30% contribution to all
revenue generated across the APJ region (2011: 30%). The
revenue rise in Japan reflects a 13% increase due to changes in
volumes and prices and an 8% increase from currency effects.
In the remaining countries of the APJ region, revenue increased
23%. Revenue in the remaining countries of the APJ region was
generated primarily in Australia, China, and India. Software and
software-related service revenue generated in the APJ region in
2012 totaled €2,239 million (2011: €1,832 million). In 2012, as
in the prior year, software and software-related service revenue
represented 85% of all revenue. Software and cloud subscription
revenue increased 25% in 2012 to €901 million (2011:

€722 million). This growth reflects a 20% increase from changes
in volumes and prices and a 5% increase from currency effects.

97


--- Page 93 ---

Revenue by Industry

We allocate our customers to one of our industries at the
outset of an initial arrangement. All subsequent revenue from a
particular customer is recorded under that industry sector.

In 2012, we achieved above-average growth in the following
sectors, measured by changes in total revenue: Financial ser-
vices (€1,444 million, at a growth rate of 21%); healthcare and
life sciences (€766 million, at a growth rate of 20%); discrete
manufacturing (€3,110 million, at a growth rate of 19%); retail
and wholesale (€1,541 million, at a growth rate of 19%); and
process manufacturing (€1,684 million, at a growth rate of 15%).

Revenue by Industry
€ millions

Healthcare & Life
Sciences

Discrete Manufacturing
3,110

766
Financial .

n Services
Services
Laaa 2,484
Retail &
Wholesale Energy &
— Natural
1,541

Resources
Public Services
1,437

2,241

Consumer Products
1,516

Process Manufacturing
1,684

Results from the other sectors were as follows: Services
(€2,484 million, at a growth rate of 13%); energy and natural
resources (€2,241 million, at a growth rate of 12%); consumer
products (€1,516 million, at a growth rate of 6%); and public
services (€1,437 million, at a growth rate of 3%).

98

Operating Profit and Margin

Operating Profit and Operating Margin

n 2012, our operating profit totaled €4,065 million (2011:
€4,881 million), a significant year-over-year decrease. A year-
on-year comparison of operating profit is only possible to a
imited extent, because of the release of the TomorrowNow
itigation provision in the amount of €717 million in 2011.
ncreased expenses relating to the share-based payments

in the amount of €522 million (2011: €68 million) as well

as acquisition-related expenses of €537 million (2011:
€448 million) reduced our operating profit in 2012. Share-based
ayment expenses rose considerably in 2012 as a result of new
lans and an increase in the price of SAP stock.

The operating profit for 2012 was also impacted by continued
investments in global sales activities and cloud computing. The
number of SAP employees (expressed in full-time equivalents,
or FTEs) rose year on year by almost 8,700 persons, including
more than 4,800 employees from acquisitions.

All of the above factors caused our operating margin in 2012 to
drop 9.2 percentage points to 25.1% (2011: 34.3%).

In 2012, operating expenses increased €2,806 million or 30%
to €12,158 million (2011: €9,352 million). This increase is

due primarily to acquisition-related expenses, share-based
payments, continued investments in sales activities, an
increase in personnel costs as a result of acquisitions, and
cloud computing activity.

The sections that follow discuss our costs of sales by line item.

Cost of Software and Software-Related Services

Cost of software and software-related services consists primarily
of customer support costs, cost of developing custom solutions
that address customers’ specific business requirements, costs
for deploying and operating cloud solutions, amortization

of intangible assets, and license fees and commissions paid to
third parties for databases and the other complementary
third-party products sublicensed by us to our customers.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 94 ---

In 2012, our cost of software and software-related services grew
21% to €2,551 million (2011: €2,107 million). The main cost
factors were increased customer support expenses totaling
€184 million and an acquisition-related increase in expenses
for providing and operating our cloud solutions. The license fees
that we pay to third parties also rose in parallel with the increase
in software revenue. The margin on our software and software-
related services, defined as software and software-related
services profit as a percentage of software and software-related
services revenue, remained constant year over year in 2012 at
81% (2011: 81%).

Cost of Professional Services and Other Services

Cost of professional services and other services consists
primarily of the cost of consulting and training personnel and the
cost of bought-in third-party consulting and training resources.
This item also includes sales and marketing expenses for our
professional services and other services resulting from sales
and marketing efforts where those efforts cannot be clearly
distinguished from providing the professional services and other
services.

Costs for professional and other services rose 12% from
€2,248 million in 2011 to €2,514 million in 2012. The margin

on our professional and other services, defined as professional
and other services profit as a percentage of professional and
other services revenue, decreased to 18% in 2012 (2011: 23%).
The disproportionately high growth in spending compared to
rofessional services and other service revenue is mainly due
to increased costs in a limited number of customer projects.

Research and Development Expense

Our research and development (R & D) expense consists
rimarily of the personnel cost of our R & D employees, costs
incurred for independent contractors we retain to assist in

our R & D activities, and amortization of the computer hardware
and software we use for our R & D activities.

n 2012, R & D costs rose 16% to €2,253 million. This increase
rimarily results from the increase in personnel costs related
to the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

In 2012, R & D expense as a percentage of total revenue
increased slightly to 13.9% (2011: 13.6%). Total revenue
increased at the same rate as R & D expense, resulting ina
nearly constant R & D ratio. For more information, see the
Research and Development section.

Sales and Marketing Expense

Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel
costs and direct sales expense to support our sales and
marketing teams in selling and marketing our products and
services.

Sales and marketing costs rose 27% from €3,081 million

in 2011 to €3,907 million in 2012. The increase was due primarily
to the increased personnel costs of our expanded sales

teams in new growth markets, among others, and to increased
employee headcount as a result of acquisitions. Travel and
marketing costs rose as a result of increased business operations.
The ratio of sales and marketing costs to total revenue, expressed
as a percentage, increased 24% year over year (2011: 22%).
This was because expenses grew disproportionately to revenue.

General and Administration Expense

Our general and administration (G&A) expense consists mainly
of personnel costs to support our finance and administration
functions.

Our G&A expense rose from €715 million in 2011 to €947 million
in 2012, representing an increase of 32%. This was due mainly
to share-based payments and the increase in personnel costs
as a result of the acquisition-related rise in headcount. The ratio
of general and administration costs to total revenue in 2012
thus rose 1% year over year to 6%.

99


--- Page 95 ---

Operating Profit

€ millions | change since previous year

2,701 2,588 2,591 4,881 4,065
+0% -4% +0% +88% -17%
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012
Operating Margin
Percent | change since previous year
23.3 24.3 20.8 34.3 25.1
-3.0pp +1.0pp -3.5pp +13.5 pp -9.2 pp
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

Segment Results

Following SAP's increased focus on the cloud business, in

2012 we changed both the structure of the components that
the SAP management uses to make decisions about operating
matters, and the main profit measure used for the purposes

of allocating resources to these components and measuring
their performance. The segment information for earlier periods
has been restated to conform with these changes. A detailed
description of segment information is included in Note (28) of
our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

100

We have two divisions — On-Premise and Cloud, which are further
divided into operating segments. Our On-Premise division is
comprised of two operating segments: On-Premise Products
and On-Premise Services. Our Cloud division is comprised of
two operating segments: Cloud Applications and Ariba.

Total revenue and profit figures for each of our operating
segments differ from the respective revenue and profit figures
classified in our Consolidated Statements of Income because
of several differences between our internal management
reporting and our external IFRS reporting. For more information
about our segment reporting and a reconciliation from our
internal management reporting to our external IFRS reporting,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (28).

On-Premise Division

The On-Premise division derives its revenue primarily from the
sale of on-premise software (that is, software designed for use
on hardware at the customer's premises) and mobile software
(that is, software designed for use on mobile devices) as well as
services relating to such software.

On-Premise Products Segment

The On-Premise Products segment is primarily engaged in
marketing and licensing our on-premise and mobile software
products and providing support services for these software
products.

In 2012, revenue in the On-Premise Products segment increased
14% to €12,881 million (2011: €11,325 million). This growth
reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes and prices and
a 4% increase from currency effects. The reason for this growth
was the rise in software license sales, which, in turn, led to an
increase in support revenue. Software revenue, which is added
to revenue in the On-Premise Products segment, rose by 13%
to €4,656 million (2011: €4,105 million). This growth reflects a
10% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 3%
increase from currency effects. Support revenue increased by
14% to €8,226 million (2011: €7,220 million). This growth
reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 4% increase from currency effects.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 96 ---

n 2012, cost of revenue increased 13% to €1,990 million (2011:
€1,762 million) and sales and marketing costs increased by
7% to €3,410 million (2011: €2,919 million). The increased
expenses in the On-Premise Products segment are the result of
increased business operations following the rise in demand in
2012.

he operating segment profit of the On-Premise Products
segment rose by 13% to €7,481 million (2011: €6,644 million),
representing segment profitability of 58% (2011: 59%).

On-Premise Services Segment

he On-Premise Services segment primarily performs various
professional services, mainly implementation services of our
software products and educational services on the use of our
software products.

n 2012, revenue in the On-Premise Services segment increased
2% to €2,967 million (2011: €2,901 million). This growth
reflects a 1% decrease from changes in volumes and prices and
a 3% increase from currency effects.

n 2012, cost of revenue in the On-Premise Services segment
increased 4% to €2,298 million (2011: €2,201 million). The
increased expenses in the On-Premise Services segment are
the result of constant business operations and increased costs
in a limited number of customer projects.

The operating segment profit of the On-Premise Services
segment decreased by 4% to €669 million (2011: €700 million),
representing segment profitability of 23% (2011: 24%).

Cloud Division

The Cloud division derives its revenues primarily from the
sale of cloud software (that is, software designed for delivery
through the cloud) and services relating to such software.

Driven by the acquisition of SuccessFactors in the first quarter

of 2012, SAP showed a strong cloud momentum in 2012:
Derived from the total revenue of SAP's two Cloud segments

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

(Cloud Applications and Ariba), the annual cloud revenue run
rate in the fourth quarter approached €850 million. For the
Cloud Applications segment alone, 12-month new and upsell
subscription billings increased nineteenfold in the fourth
quarter. Even when including SuccessFactors in SAP's 2011
numbers, the growth is triple digit at 102%. For SuccessFactors
ona stand-alone basis, 12-month new and upsell subscription
billings grew 95% compared to the previous year.

The annualized revenue run rate is derived from the total
revenue of SAP’s two Cloud segments (Cloud Applications and
Ariba) in the fourth quarter of 2012 and includes Ariba (before
any future growth). The annual run rate is calculated by
multiplying the fourth-quarter Cloud division revenue by 4.

The year-over-year growth rate in 12-month new and upsell
subscription billings relates to SAP’s Cloud Applications business
(excluding Ariba). The growth rate is a pro forma growth

rate that assumes that the acquisition of SuccessFactors was
completed as of January 1, 2011.

Cloud Applications Segment

The Cloud Applications segment is primarily engaged in
marketing and selling subscriptions to the cloud software
offerings developed by SAP and SuccessFactors.

In 2012, revenue in the Cloud Applications segment increased
to €336 million (2011: €29 million).

In 2012, cost of revenue increased to €158 million (2011:
€66 million) and sales and marketing costs increased to
€231 million (2011: €32 million). The increased expenses in
the Cloud Applications segment are largely driven by the
acquisition of SuccessFactors in the first quarter of 2012.

101


--- Page 97 ---

The operating segment loss of the Cloud Applications segment
increased by 23% to €-53 million (2011: €-69 million),
representing segment profitability of -16% (2011: -238%).

Ariba Segment

The Ariba segment primarily markets and sells the cloud
software offerings developed by Ariba. While this segment is
named Ariba, it is not identical to the acquired Ariba business
since certain SAP activities are now in our Ariba segment.
For 2011, the numbers for the Ariba segment reflect the SAP
activities that were allocated to the Ariba segment upon its
establishment.

In 2012, revenue in the Ariba segment increased to €120 million
(2011: €4 million).

In 2012, cost of revenue increased to €75 million (2011:

€9 million) and sales and marketing costs increased by 2,150%
to €43 million (2011: €2 million). The increased expenses in
the Ariba segment are largely driven by the acquisition of Ariba
at the end of 2012.

The operating segment loss of the Ariba segment turned into
asegment profit of €2 million (2011: €-7 million), representing
segment profitability of 2% (2011: -175%).

Financial Income
Finance income, net, decreased to €-68 million (2011: €-38 mil-
lion). Our finance income was €107 million (2011: €123 million)
and our finance costs were €175 million (2011: €161 million).

Finance income mainly consists of interest income from loans
and financial assets (cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments), which was €50 million in 2012 (2011: €64 million).
This decrease is attributable mainly to a lower average liquidity
and lower interest rates than in 2011.

102

Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial
iabilities (€130 million in 2012 compared to €123 million in
2011). This year-over-year increase resulted mainly from the
financial debt incurred in connection with the SuccessFactors
and Ariba acquisitions. For more information about these
financing instruments, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Note (17b).

Another factor in financial income in 2012 was the derivatives
we utilize to execute our financial risk management strategy.
he associated time value effects from derivatives were reflected
in interest income of €27 million (2011: €37 million) and interest
expenses of €28 million (2011: €37 million).

Income Tax
Our effective tax rate decreased to 26.2% in 2012 (2011: 27.9%).
The increased effective tax rate 2011 mainly resulted from
the reduction of the TomorrowNow litigation provision. For
more information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (10).

Profit After Tax and Earnings per Share

Profit after tax decreased 18% to €2,823 million in 2012 (2011:
€3,439 million). It should be noted that the profit after tax in
2011 increased by €444 million as a result of a reduction in the
provision we had recorded for the TomorrowNow litigation.
Other primary causes of the decline in profit after tax in 2012
were our continued investment in key innovations, the expansion
of SAP's sales activities worldwide, and an increase in
amortization expense of intangible assets acquired through
acquisitions in 2012. Moreover, expenses for share-based
payments were substantially higher than in the same period
of the previous year, at €522 million (2011: €68 million).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 98 ---

Profit After Tax

€ millions | change since previous year

1,848
-3%

1,750
-5%

1,813
+4%

3,439
+90%

2,823
-18%

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

Earnings per share decreased to €2.37 (2011: €2.89). The
reduction reflects the decrease in profit after tax compared
to 2011. The number of shares outstanding remained almost

constant year over year to 1,192 million (2011: 1,189 million).

Earnings per Share

€ | change since previous year

1.55 1.47 1.52 2.89 2.37

-2% -5% +3% +90% -18%

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012
Dividend

We believe our shareholders should benefit appropriately from
the profit the Company made in 2012. We wish to continue our
dividend policy, which is that the payout ratio should be more

than 30% of the profit after tax of the Group.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

In 2011, in addition to the regular dividend of €0.75 per share,

we rewarded our shareholders with
per share to celebrate our 40th anni

a special dividend of €0.35
iversary.

The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board will therefore
recommend to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders

that t

overall dividend payout ratio (which

stock remains at the 2012 closing
istri

Annual General Meeting of Shareho!

e total dividend be decreased 23% to €0.85 per share
(2011: €1.10). Without the consideration of the special dividend
in 2011, this corresponds to a year-on-year dividend increase
of €0.10, or 13%, in 2012. Based on this recommendation, the

ere means total distributed

ividend as a percentage of profit) would be 36% (2011: 38%).

If the shareholders approve this recommendation and if treasury

evel, the total amount

uted in dividends would be €1,013 million. The actual
amount distributed may be different from that total because
the number of shares held in treasury may change before the

ders. Transactions related

to share-based payments could also change the amount of

common stock. We distributed €1,3.

O million in dividends from

our 2011 profit. Aside from the distri
also returned €53 million to the sha

uted dividend, in 2012 we
reholders by repurchasing

SAP shares for treasury (2011: €246 million).

Dividend per Share

€ | change since previous year

0.50 0.50 0.60 1.10 0.85
+0% +0% +20% +83% -23%
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

103


--- Page 99 ---

FINANCES (IFRS)
Overview

Global Financial Management
We use global centralized financial management to control liquid
assets and monitor exposure to interest rates and currencies.
The primary aim of our financial management is to maintain
liquidity in the Group at a level that is adequate to meet our
obligations. Most SAP companies have their liquidity managed
by the Group, so that liquid assets across the Group can be
consolidated, monitored, and invested in accordance with
Group policy. High levels of liquid assets help keep SAP flexible,
sound, and independent. In addition, various credit facilities
are currently available for additional liquidity, if required. For
more information about these facilities, see the Credit Facilities
section.

We manage credit, liquidity, interest rate, equity price, and foreign
exchange rate risks on a Group-wide basis. We use selected
derivatives exclusively for this purpose and not for speculation,
which is defined as entering into a derivative instrument for
which we do not have a corresponding underlying transaction.
The rules for the use of derivatives and other rules and processes
concerning the management of financial risks are collected in
our treasury guideline document, which applies globally to
all companies in the Group. For more information about the
management of each financial risk and about our risk exposure,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Notes (24) to (26).

Liquidity Management

Our primary source of cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments is funds generated from our business operations.
Over the past several years, our principal use of cash has been
to support operations and our capital expenditure requirements
resulting from our growth, to acquire businesses, to pay dividends
on our shares, and to buy back SAP shares on the open market.
On December 31, 2012, our cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments were primarily held in euros and U.S. dollars.

104

We generally invest only in the financial assets of issuers or funds
with a minimum credit rating of BBB, and pursue a policy of
cautious investment characterized by wide portfolio diversifi-
cation with a variety of counterparties, predominantly short-term
investments, and standard investment instruments. We rarely
invest in the financial assets of issuers with a credit rating lower
than BBB, and such investments were not material in 2012.

We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn
credit facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating
needs and, together with expected cash flows from operations,
will support our currently planned capital expenditure
requirements over the near term and medium term. It may also
be necessary to enter into financing transactions when
additional funds are required that cannot be wholly sourced
from free cash flow (for example, to finance large acquisitions).

The persistently strong free cash flow of recent years enabled
us to pay back additional debts within a short period of time.
Furthermore, a balanced maturity profile prevents repayment
peaks from occurring in any particular year.

To expand our business, we have made acquisitions of
businesses, products, and technologies. For more information
about the financial debt, mainly in connection with the
acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba, see the Cash Flows
and Liquidity section. Depending on our future cash position
and future market conditions, we might issue additional debt
instruments to fund acquisitions, maintain financial flexibility,
and limit repayment risk. Therefore, we continuously monitor
funding options available in the capital markets and trends in
the availability of funds, as well as the cost of such funding.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 100 ---

Capital Structure Management

The primary objective of our capital structure management is
to maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor, and
customer confidence and to support the growth of our business.
We seek to maintain a capital structure that will allow us to cover
our funding requirements through the capital markets at
reasonable conditions, and in doing so, ensure a high level of
independence, confidence, and financial flexibility.

We currently do not have a credit rating with any agency. We do
not believe that a rating would have a substantial effect on our
borrowing conditions and financing options.

Our general intention is to remain in a position to return excess
liquidity to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends
and repurchasing shares. The amount of future dividends and
the extent of future purchases of treasury shares are closely
aligned to the development of our liquid assets and further
liquidity planning.

Capital Structure

2012 2011 % Change
€ millions % of equity and € millions % of equity and
liabilities liabilities
Equity 14,171 53 12,707 55 12
Current liabilities 6,641 25 6,266 27 6
Non-current liabilities 6,023 22 4.254 18 42
Liabilities 12,664 47 10,520 45 20
Equity and liabilities _ 26835 100 23,227 100 16

In 2012, we took out short-term bank loans to finance the
acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba. Additionally, we
issued a two-tranche Eurobond and a U.S. private placement
consisting of several tranches with maturities of three to

15 years which further optimized and extended our existing
maturity profile. We used inflows from the newly issued bonds
and private placement to repay the short-term bank loans.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

These financing activities changed our debt ratio (defined as
the ratio of total liabilities to equity and liabilities) to 47% at the
end of 2012 (as compared to 45% at the end of 2011). These
financing activities were partially offset by the operating cash
flow in 2012. As far as financing activities in 2013 are concerned,
a€600 million bond that will mature in August 2013 is intended
to be repaid. We currently do not plan to refinance this bond
maturity.

105


--- Page 101 ---

Total liabilities on December 31, 2012, mainly comprised

financial liabilities of €5,248 mi
are non-current). Financial liabilities on December 31, 2012,
consisted largely of financial debt, which included amounts

in euros (€2,986 million) and U.S. dollars (€2,008 million).

lion (of which €4,446 million

Financial debt is held at fixed interest rates only. For more

information about financial lial

ilities, see the Notes to the

Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (17).

Group li

juidity on December 3

, 2012, primarily comprised

Group liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents (for
example, cash at banks, money market funds, and time deposits
with original maturity of three months or less) and current
investments (for example, investments with original maturities
of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less
than one year) as reported in our IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements.

amounts in U.S. dollars (€941 million) and euros (€473 million).

Current investments are includ:
on the statement of financial
placement transactions, and

ed in other financial assets
osition. Bank loans, private
onds are included within

financial liabilities on the statement of financial position.

Analysis of Net Liquidity
€ millions

2012 2011 Change
Cash and cash equivalents 2,477 4,965 = 2,488
Current investments 15 636 621
Group ty - 2,492 5,601 =3,109
Current bank loans 0 101 =101
Current private placement
transaction ° 423 7428
Current bond 600 600 0
Net liquidity 1 - 1892, 4,477
Non-current bank loans 0 1 1
Nor-curent private placement 2.094 1240 354
Non-current bond 2,300 1,600 700
Net ty 2 7 =2,502_ 1,636 4,138

106

Combined Management Report


--- Page 102 ---

Group Liquidity Development

€ millions

Group Operating Capital Acquisitions Dividends Proceeds from Repayments Other Group

Liquidity Cash Flow Expenditure Paid Borrowings _of Borrowings Liquidity
12/31/2011 12/31/2012
541
"8820 Ss i
6,094 7
=1,310 +5,778 4714 750
5,601 2,492

Total financial debt consists of current financial liabilities

(for example, overdrafts, current bank loans, bonds or private
placements) and non-current financial liabilities (for example,
bonds, or private placements) as reported in our IFRS
Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information
about our financial debt, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Note (17).

Zz

et liquidity is Group liquidity less total financial debt as defined
ove. Net liquidity should be considered in addition to, and not
s a substitute for, cash and cash equivalents, other financial

ssets, and financial liabilities included in our IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements.

oo »

The decrease in Group liquidity from 2011 was mainly due to
cash outflows for the acquisition of SuccessFactors and Ariba,
as well as dividend payments, which were partly offset by
positive cash inflows from our operations.

For information about the impact of cash, cash equivalents,
current investments, and our financial liabilities on our income
statements, see the analysis of our finance income, net, in the
Operating Results (IFRS) section.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow

€ millions

2012 2011 Change in %
Net cash flows from operating 3,822 3,775 1
activities
Net cash flows from investing 5,964 -1,226 >100
activities
Net cash flows from financing -194 -1,176 84

activities

Net cash provided by operating activities increased slightly by
€47 million or 1% to €3,822 million in 2012 (2011: €3,775 million).
In 2012, days’ sales outstanding (DSO) for receivables, defined
as average number of days from the raised invoice to cash
receipt from the customer, was 59 days, a one-day decrease
compared to 2011 (60 days).

Cash outflows from investment activities totaled €5,964 million
in 2012, much increased from the 2011 figure of €1,226 million.
In 2012, cash outflows were mainly driven by acquisitions of
consolidated companies such as SuccessFactors and Ariba, for
which we paid €6,094 million in total. For more information

107


--- Page 103 ---

about current and planned capital expenditures, see the Assets
and Investment Goals sections. In contrast, the 2011 figure

was mainly driven by investments in time deposits and German
government bonds.

Cash outflows from financing activities totaled €194 million in
2012, compared to €1,176 million in 2011. In 2012, cash inflows
were mainly driven by a successfully placed two-tranche Eurobond
transaction totaling €1.3 billion and a U.S. private placement
transaction of US$1.4 billion consisting of several tranches.
This was partly offset by repayments of a Eurobond tranche
(€600 million) and several tranches (€611 million) of the
promissory notes we issued in 2009. In the previous year, cash
outflows were driven mainly by repayments of a credit facility
we drew on in connection with our acquisition of Sybase.

The increase in total dividend to €1,310 million was due to an
increase in the dividend paid from €0.60 per share in the previous
year to €1.10 per share, of which €0.35 per share was an
extraordinary payout to celebrate our 40th anniversary in the
reporting year (total dividend payout in 2011: €713 million).

In 2012, we repurchased shares in the amount of €53 million
(2011: €246 million) in connection with our share-based
payments.

Credit Facilities
Other sources of capital are available to us through various
credit facilities, if required.

We are party to a revolving €1.5 billion syndicated credit facility
agreement with an initial term of five years ending in December
2015. The use of the facility is not restricted by any financial
covenants. Potential proceeds are for general corporate pur-
poses. Borrowings under the facility bear interest at the euro
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or London interbank offered
rate (LIBOR) for the respective currency plus a margin ranging
from 0.45% to 0.75% that depends on the amount drawn.
We pay a commitment fee of 0.1575% per annum on unused
amounts of the available credit facility. So far, we have not used
and do not currently foresee any need to use this credit facility.

108

As at December 31, 2012, SAP AG had additional available credit
facilities totaling approximately €489 million. As at December 31,
2012, there were no borrowings outstanding under these
credit facilities. Several of our foreign subsidiaries have credit
facilities available that allow them to borrow funds in their local
currencies at prevailing interest rates, generally to the extent
SAP AG has guaranteed such amounts. As at December 31,
2012, approximately €48 million was available through such
arrangements. There were no borrowings outstanding under
these credit facilities from any of our foreign subsidiaries as at
December 31, 2012.

ASSETS (IFRS)

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
Total assets increased 16% year over year to €26,835 million.

Breakdown of Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

Percent
Assets Liabilities
42 26 27 25
58 74 18 22
55 53
2011 2012 2011 2012

Short term BH Long term lll Shareholders’ equity

Total current assets decreased 28% in 2012 from €9,669 million
to €6,998 million. This was mainly due to a 50% drop in cash
and cash equivalents to €2,477 million (2011: €4,965 million)
stemming from the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba
which were partly offset by cash flows from operating activities.
Trade receivables increased €424 million to €3,917 million due
in large part to the strength of our final-quarter revenue.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 104 ---

Total non-current assets increased significantly in 2012 to
€19,836 million compared to the previous year's figure of
€13,558 million. This 46% increase was mainly due to additions
of €4,563 million to goodwill and €1,210 million to intangible
assets, resulting mainly from the acquisitions of SuccessFactors
and Ariba.

Investment in Intangible Assets or Property, Plant, and Equipment

(incl. Capitalizations Due to Acquisitions)

€ millions | change since previous year

4,898 299 5,502 657 6.941
+346% -94% +1,740% 88% +956%
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

Current liabilities increased slightly to €6,641 million in 2012 as
compared to the prior year (€6,266 million).

The increase in total non-current liabilities from €4,254 million
in 2011 to €6,023 million in 2012 was due mainly to financing
activities: In 2012, we successfully placed a two-tranche Euro
bond and completed a U.S. private placement, leading to cash
inflows of €1.3 billion (Eurobond) and US$1.4 billion (U.S. private
placement) with a corresponding increase in non-current
liabilities. Both transactions were used for general corporate
purposes, including the refinancing of acquisitions. For more
information about financing activities in 2012, see the Finances
(IFRS) section.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

The equity ratio (that is, the ratio of shareholders’ equity to
total assets) is 53%, slightly below the prior year's ratio (2011:
55%).

Equity Ratio

Percent | change since previous year

52 63 47 55 53
-12 pp +11 pp -16 pp +8pp -2pp
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures

Currently in Progress

In 2012, we commenced construction in certain of our office
buildings in Palo Alto, California, United States. The construction
aims at optimizing work space conditions to support line of
business requirements and the improvement of general building
conditions. We estimate the total cost of this project to be
approximately €12 million, of which we had paid approximately
€11 million as of December 31, 2012. We expect to complete
the construction in these office buildings in 2013.

In 2011, we began construction of a new building for a research
center in Potsdam, Germany. The new research center will
collaborate closely with universities in the Berlin/Brandenburg
area in Germany, creating a total of 100 new jobs. The focus
will be on the deployment of the new in-memory computing
technology introduced by SAP, including SAP HANA. For the
construction of the building, we expect to invest approximately
€17 million, of which we had paid approximately €6 million as
of December 31, 2012. We expect to finish the construction of
our new research center in the second half of 2013.

109


--- Page 105 ---

In 2011, we also began to expand our facilities for our research
center in Sao Leopoldo, Brazil, to accommodate up to

500 employees. For the construction of the building, we expect
to invest approximately €19 million, of which we had paid
approximately €5 million as of December 31, 2012. We expect
to finish the construction of the building in 2013.

We plan to cover all of these projects in full from operating cash
flow.

For more information about planned capital expenditures, see
the Investment Goals section.

There were no material divestitures within the reporting period.

Competitive Intangibles

The assets that are the basis for our current as well as future
success do not appear on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. This is apparent from a comparison of the
market capitalization of SAP AG (based on all outstanding
shares), which was €74.7 billion at the end of 2012 (2011:
€50.2 billion), with the equity on the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position, which was €14.2 billion (2011: €12,7 billion).
n effect, our market capitalization is 425% greater than our
ook value. The difference is mainly due to certain intangible
assets that the applicable accounting standards do not allow to
e recorded (at all or at fair value) on the Consolidated State-
ments of Financial Position. They include customer capital (our
customer base and customer relations), employees and their
nowledge and skills, our ecosystem of partners, software we
developed ourselves, our ability to innovate, the brands we own —
in particular, the SAP brand itself — and our organization.

On December 31, 2012, SAP ranked first of the most valuable
companies in Germany in terms of market capitalization based
on all outstanding shares. According to the Interbrand “Best
Global Brands” annual survey, SAP is ranked the 25th most

110

valued brand in the world (2011: 24th). Against other German
brands, the SAP brand ranks third behind Mercedes-Benz and
BMW, and 10th globally against other IT brands. Interbrand
determined our value as US$15.6 billion, an increase of 8%
compared to the previous year (2011: US$14.5 billion).

The results of our investment in research and development,
including R & D investment made in the past, are also a signifi-
cant element in our competitive intangibles.

Our customer capital continued to grow in 2012. We gaine
approximately 49,000 new customers in various market seg-
ments and strengthened our existing customer relationships.
To help us improve insight into our customers’ view of SAP, in
2012 we began measuring our Net Promoter Score (NPS), a
metric that gives a more complete picture of customer loyalty
as it answers the question of how likely our customers would
be to recommend SAP. For more information about our new
customers and customer loyalty, see the Customers section.
Employee-related and R & D activities increased the value of our
employee base and our own software. For more information,
see the Employees and Social Engagement section and the
Research and Development section. We also increased the
value of our partner ecosystem by continuing to develop sales
and development partnerships.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 106 ---

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results

of SAP AG

SAP AG is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany, and is

the parent company of the SAP Group, which comprises 267
companies. SAP AG is the Group holding company and
employs most of the Group’s Germany-based development
and service and support personnel.

As the owner of the intellectual property in most SAP software,
SAP AG derives its revenue chiefly from software license fees
paid by its subsidiaries for the right to market SAP solutions.

The SAP AG annual financial statements are prepared in
accordance with the reporting standards in the German
Commercial Code (as amended by the German Accounting
Law Modernization Act) and the German Stock Corporation
Act. The full SAP AG annual financial report and unqualified
audit report are submitted to the operator of the Elektro-
nischer Bundesanzeiger (Online German Federal Gazette) for
publication and inclusion in the Unternehmensregister (German
Business Register). It is available from SAP AG on request.

INCOME
The income statement uses the nature of expense method and
presents amounts in millions of euros.

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results of SAP AG

SAP AG Income Statement —
German Commercial Code Short Version
€ millions

2012 2011
Total revenue 7,812 6,520
Other operating income 796 671
Cost of services and materials -2,610 -2,236
Personnel expenses -1,417 -1,213
Depreciation and amortization -278 -246
Other operating expenses =2,215 =1,966
Operating profit 2,088 1,530
Finance income 1,144 998
Income from ordinary activities 3,232 2,528
Income taxes -721 -625
Net income 2511 1,903

The total revenue of SAP AG in 2012 was €7,812 million

(2011: €6,520 million), an increase of 20%. Product revenue
increased 18% to €6,295 million (2011: €5,323 million). As in
previous years, product revenue was primarily generated from
license fees paid by subsidiaries of SAP AG. The increase in
SAP AG revenue in 2012 was therefore principally the result
of the increase in software and software-related service revenue
achieved by the SAP Group and the increase in license fees
payable during 2011 by the subsidiaries to SAP AG.

SAP AG operating profit increased 36% to €2,088 million
(2011: €1,530 million) owing to the growth in revenue. Other
operating income increased €125 million to €796 million (2011:
€671 million). The year-over-year increase is due primarily to

a €131 million rise in gains from currency effects caused by the
higher business volume.

111


--- Page 107 ---

SAP AG cost of services and materials increased 17% to
€2,610 million (2011: €2,236 million). SAP AG cost of services
and materials comprises third-party services, including those
provided by SAP subsidiaries. SAP AG personnel expenses,
mainly the labor cost of the developers, service and support
employees, and administration staff employed by SAP AG,
increased 17% to €1,417 million (2011: €1,213 million), primarily
because of significantly more share-based payment-related
expenses and because headcount increased over the year. Other
operating expenses increased 13% to €2,215 million. As with
currency gains, currency losses also increased, due chiefly to
the larger business volume. The increase in losses from currency
effects was €106 million, and expenses for licenses/provisions
increased €72 million.

Finance income was €1,144 million (2011: €998 million), an
increase of €146 million compared with the previous year.
Increases of €31 million in investment income, €35 million in
income from profit transfer agreements, and €9 million in net
interest income, as well as a jouissance right advance payment
on the 2012 results, led to a €146 million increase in income
from securities classified as financial assets. This increase in
finance income was offset by €76 million in writedowns of
financial assets.

SAP AG income from ordinary activities, which is the sum
of operating profit and finance income, increased 28% to
€3,232 million (2011: €2,528 million). After deducting taxes,
the resultant net income increased €608 million year over
year to €2,511 million (2011: €1,903 million).

ASSETS AND FINANCIAL POSITION

In 2012, SAP AG total assets closed at €21,037 million (2011:
€19,041 million).

112

SAP AG Balance Sheet - German Commercial Code Short Version

€ millions

12/31/2012 12/31/2011
Assets
Intangible assets 406 424
Property, plant, and equipment 917 858
Financial assets 16,664 11,814
Fixed assets 17,987 13,096
Inventories 4 3
Accounts receivable 2,541 2,386
Marketable securities 0 400
Liquid assets 307 3,042
Short-term assets 2,852 5,831
Prepaid expenses and deferred 115 55
charges
Deferred taxes 74 47
Surplus arising from offsetting 9 12
Total assets 21,037 19,041
Equity and Liabilities
Shareholders’ equity 9,717 8,433
Provisions 1,251 780
Other liabilities 10,063 9,824
Deferred Income 6 4
Total shareholders’ equity 19,041

and liabilities

Financial assets increased 41% compared with the previous
year to €16,664 million. The significant increase in financial
assets was primarily caused by the increase in contributions to
subsidiaries’ capital totaling €4,830 million in connection with
the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba in 2012.

Short-term assets stood at €2,852 million (2011: €5,831 million),
a year-over-year decrease of €2,979 million. Included in these
numbers are the accounts receivable, which increased by
€155 million, liquid assets, which declined €2,735 million, and
marketable securities, which declined €400 million. The main
reason for the reduction is the investments outlined above.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 108 ---

SAP AG shareholders’ equity rose 15% to €9,717 million (2011:
€8,433 million). Against outflows of €1,310 million associated
with the payment of the 2011 dividend and a further €53 million
for the repurchase of shares for treasury in the context of share-
based payments in 2012, there was a €2,511 million increase in
net income and an inflow of €136 million from the issuance of
shares to service the share-based payments of employees and
Executive Board members. The equity ratio (that is, the ratio

of shareholders’ equity to total assets) increased from 44% in
2011 to 46% in 2012.

Provisions increased €471 million to €1,251 million, primarily
as a result of additions to provisions for share-based payments
and higher reserves for tax.

Other liabilities increased €239 million to €10,063 million (2011:
€9,824 million). This increase is attributable to contrasting
effects: On the one hand, SAP AG issued new debt in the
amount of €1,300 million and liabilities to affiliated companies
increased €311 million; on the other, SAP AG repaid €711 million
in liabilities to banks and made a scheduled repayment of a
bond in the amount of €600 million.

SAP AG Cash Flow Statement —
German Commercial Code Short Version

€ millions

2012 2011
Net cash flows from operating activities 2,334 2,922
Net cash flows from investing activities -4,598 22
Net cash flows from financing activities S271, -1,673
Net decrease/increase in cash and =2 FES 1,227
cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the 2,842 1,615
beginning of the year
Cash and cash equivalents at the 2,842

end of the year

Assets, Finances, and Operating Results of SAP AG

Despite positive business performance, the cash flow from
operating activities decreased €588 million to €2,334 million
in 2012 (2011: €2,922 million), chiefly due to increased

cash drawings by subsidiaries through SAP AG's centralized
management of finance and liquidity.

SAP AG used net cash flows from investing activities of

€4,598 million in 2012 (2011: €22 million), a year-over-year
increase of €4,576 million. The main reason for the increase
in outflows was the contributions to subsidiaries’ capital
mentioned earlier in connection with the acquisitions of
SuccessFactors and Ariba. A further €338 million was spent on
long-term assets. These outflows were offset by inflows of
€600 million from the sale of longer-term deposits and securities,
and €92 million from the sale of property, plant, and equipment.

Net cash flows from financing activities were €271 million in
2012 compared to €1,673 million in 2011. In 2012, SAP AG out-
flows included repaid financial liabilities totaling €1,311 million,
as well as the dividend distribution in 2012 of €1,310 million,
an increase of 84% compared with the previous year (2011:
€713 million). In addition, SAP AG repurchased shares for treasury
in the value of €53 million (2011: €246 million). Inflows included
€1,300 million from the issuance of new bonds in 2012

and €997 million from loans taken from subsidiaries. SAP AG
generated further inflows of €106 million from the reissuance
of treasury shares and the issuance of new shares for share-
based payments.

At the close of the year, SAP AG held €307 million in short-term
liquid assets (2011: €2,842 million), a year-over-year decrease
of €2,535 million.

OPPORTUNITIES AND RISKS

SAP AG is subject to materially the same risks and opportunities
as the SAP Group. For more information, see the Opportunity
Report and the Risk Report sections.

113


--- Page 109 ---

Overall Financial Position

EXECUTIVE BOARD’S ASSESSMENT

SAP delivered record revenues in 2012. Non-IFRS total revenue
grew 14% year on year and exceeded €16 billion. Non-IFRS
software and software-related service revenue grew 17% year
over year to €13.2 billion. Non-IFRS software and cloud sub-
scriptions revenue grew 21% year over year to €5.00 billion. In
2012, we achieved an operating profit (non-IFRS) of €5.02 billion
onaconstant currency basis. Thus, operating profit (non-IFRS)
at constant currencies for 2012 was slightly lower than the
range of €5.05 billion to €5.25 billion that SAP had projected.
This reduction in operating profit is mainly due to the continued
investment in key innovations, as well as the expansion of
SAP's sales activities worldwide. The profitability of our business
remains high. We are well on our way to exceeding our €20 billion
revenue target and reaching a 35% (non-IFRS) operating margin
by 2015. Our financial position remains healthy.

SAP delivered exceptional growth in its key innovation areas
SAP HANA, mobile, and the cloud: SAP HANA had an outstanding
year, reaching nearly €200 million in software revenue in the
fourth quarter and almost €400 million for the full year, thereby
exceeding our own expectations of at least €320 million. SAP's
mobile business contributed more than €220 million to
software revenue, thus achieving its full-year revenue target.

114

In 2012, SAP empowered best-run businesses to meet real-time
consumer demands. We invested in our flagship innovation
SAP HANA and strengthened the industry's best cloud portfolio
from our point of view. We delivered new, industry-specific
solutions, accessible anywhere on a mobile device. Our
momentum has never been stronger. We are very well positioned
to achieve our 2015 goals, thanks to very strong revenue
contribution from our key innovations SAP HANA and SAP Cloud.

In 2012, we advanced our strategy of extending the functional
reach of our portfolio by making targeted acquisitions. We have
a sound financial footing, allowing us flexibility of action even in
times of crisis.

INFLUENCE OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES ON

OUR FINANCIAL POSITION

For information about our accounting policies, see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (3).

There are no off-balance sheet financial instruments, such

as sale-and-lease-back transactions, asset-backed securities,
and liabilities related to special-purpose entities, that are

not disclosed in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Any
factoring contracts are not material in volume.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 110 ---

Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

The German Commercial Code, section 289a, requires listed
stock corporations to publish a corporate governance state-
ment either as part of their management report or on their Web
site. The Executive Board filed SAP's corporate governance
statement on February 20, 2013, and published it on our public
Web site at www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance/
policies-statutes.

For more information about the corporate governance of SAP,
see the Corporate Governance Report section.

CHANGES IN MANAGEMENT

In April 2012, the Supervisory Board appointed Lars Dalgaard
to the Executive Board. Lars Dalgaard leads our Cloud business
unit, which combines all cloud assets of SAP and SuccessFactors,
to drive market leadership in the cloud for businesses.

Corporate Governance

In May 2012, SAP created a Global Managing Board in addition
to the Executive Board, which retains ultimate responsibility for
overseeing and deciding on the activities of the Company. The
Global Managing Board allows SAP to appoint a broader range
of global leaders to help steer the organization. It has advisory
and decision-supporting functions for the Executive Board and
comprises all Executive Board members as well as Robert
Enslin and Bob Calderori.

In July 2012, the Supervisory Board appointed Luisa Deplazes
Delgado to the Executive Board. She began work as our chief
human resources officer and labor relations director in
September. Luisa Deplazes Delgado is driving and enhancing
our strategic people agenda, focusing on leadership
development, talent development, recruitment, employee
engagement, and organizational design and change.

115


--- Page 111 ---

Information Concerning Takeovers

Information required under the German Commercial Code,

sections 289 (4) and 315 (4), with explanatory report.

— Composition of share capital: For information about the
composition of SAP AG share capital as of December 31, 2012,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

section, Note (20). Each share entitles the bearer to one vote.

American depositary receipts (ADRs) representing our
shares are listed on the NYSE in the United States. ADRs are
certificates representing non-U.S. shares and are traded

on U.S. stock exchanges instead of the underlying shares. One

SAP ADR corresponds to one SAP share.

Restrictions applying to share voting rights or transfers:

SAP shares are not subject to transfer restrictions except the

lock-in period under the SAP Share Matching Plan (SMP),

described below. SAP held 36,334,516 treasury shares on

December 31, 2012. Treasury shares did not entitle us to any

rights, and hence to any voting rights or dividend. Shares

issued in 2012 under the employee SMP are subject to con-
tractual transfer restrictions for a three-year lock-in period
unless the plan member's employment with SAP is ended
during that period. Until that lock-in period has expired, the
participating employees are not ordinarily allowed to dispose
of the shares they have acquired under the plan. We are not
aware of any other restrictions applying to share voting rights
or to share transfers.

Shareholdings that exceed 10% of the voting rights: We

are not aware of any direct or indirect SAP AG shareholdings

that exceed 10% of the voting rights.

Shares with special rights conferring powers of control:

No SAP shareholder has special rights conferring powers of

control.

— Type of control over voting rights applying to employee
shareholders who do not directly exercise their control
rights: As with other shareholders, employee holders of SAP
shares exercise their control rights in accordance with the
law and the Articles of Incorporation. In votes on the formal
approval of their acts at the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders, employee representatives on the Supervisory
Board — as all other members of the Supervisory Board —
are prohibited from exercising the voting rights associated
with their shares.

116

— Legal requirements and provisions in the Articles of
Incorporation concerning the appointment and dismissal
of members of the Executive Board and amendment of the
Articles of Incorporation: Conditions for the appointment
and dismissal of members of the Executive Board and
amendment of the Articles of Incorporation reflect the relevant
provisions in the German Stock Corporation Act. Under
the Articles of Incorporation, the Executive Board consists
of at least two members who are appointed for a period of
not more than five years by the Supervisory Board in
accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act, section 84.
The number of members of the Executive Board is decided
by the Supervisory Board. Executive Board members may be
reappointed for, or their term of office extended by, a maximum
of five years. The German Codetermination Act, section 31,
provides that a two-thirds majority of the Supervisory Board
membership is required for Executive Board appointments. If
the Supervisory Board fails to make an appointment with a
majority that meets this requirement, the Mediation Committee
must propose an appointee within one month. Appointments
to the Executive Board can then be made by a simple majority
of the Supervisory Board membership. If the Supervisory
Board also fails to make an appointment with a majority that
meets this requirement, the chairperson of the Supervisory
Board has two votes in the subsequent ballot. The Supervisory
Board can appoint a chairperson of the Executive Board and
one or more deputy chairpersons from among the members
of the Executive Board. The Supervisory Board can revoke
appointments to the Executive Board in accordance with the
German Stock Corporation Act, section 84, if compelling

reasons exist, such as
Executive Board mem|
required member, one

gross negligence on the part of the
er. If the Executive Board is short of a
may be appointed in urgent cases by a

court in accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act,
section 85. In accordance with the German Stock Corporation
Act, sections 179 and 133, an amendment of the Articles of
Incorporation requires a resolution of the General Meeting of
Shareholders with a majority of at least three-quarters of the
share capital represented in the vote and the simple majority
of the votes cast. Section 11 (2) of the Articles of Incorporation
authorizes the Supervisory Board to amend the Articles

of Incorporation where such amendments only concern the
wording.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 112 ---

— Powers of the Executive Board to issue and repurchase
shares: The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on
May 25, 2011, granted powers to the Executive Board, subject
to the consent of the Supervisory Board, to issue convertible
and warrant-linked bonds and to grant conversion and option
rights in respect of SAP AG shares representing a total attrib-
utable portion of the share capital of not more than €100 million
secured by a corresponding amount of contingent capital.
These powers will expire on May 24, 2016. The Executive Board
is also authorized until June 7, 2015, to increase the share
capital by not more than €250 million by issuing new shares
against contributions in cash and to increase the share
capital by not more than €250 million by issuing new shares
against contributions in cash or in kind. For more details
about the different tranches of authorized capital and the
aforementioned contingent capital, see the Articles of
Incorporation, section 4. The Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders on June 8, 2010, granted a power to the Executive
Board in accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act,
section 71 (1)(8), to buy back for treasury on or before June 30,
2013, SAP AG shares attributable in total to not more than
€120 million of the share capital. The power is subject to the
proviso that the shares repurchased, together with any
shares that were previously acquired and are still held by
SAP in treasury and any other shares controlled by SAP, must
not in total exceed 10% of SAP's share capital. Executive
Board powers, such as those described to issue and repurchase
stock and to grant rights of conversion and subscription to
shares of SAP, are widely followed common practice among
German companies like SAP. They give the Executive Board
the flexibility it needs, in particular the options to use SAP
shares as consideration in equity investments, raise funds on
the financial markets at short notice on favorable terms, or
return value to shareholders during the course of the year. To
service the SMP, which is an employee stock plan we estab-
lished in 2010, the Executive Board is authorized, subject to
Supervisory Board consent, to issue to participants of the
plan new shares until June, 7, 2015. This authorized capital
has been used for plan tranches in 2010, 2011, and 2012, and
on December 31, 2012, it empowered the Company to issue
new shares representing a total attributable portion of the
share capital of not more than €29,609,256.

Information Concerning Takeovers

— Material agreements with provisions that take effect in
the event of a change of control following a takeover bid:
SAP AG has concluded the following material agreements
with provisions that take effect in the event of a change
of control, whether following a takeover bid or otherwise:

he terms of SAP’s syndicated €1.5 billion credit facility

include a change-of-control clause. For more information

about this syndicated credit facility, see the Notes to the

Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (25).

his clause obliges SAP AG to notify the banks in case of a

change of control. If, on receiving the notification, banks

that represent at least two-thirds of the credit volume so
require, the banks have the right to cancel the credit facility
and demand complete repayment of the outstanding debt.

f no continuation agreement is reached, the credit facility

would end and the obligation to repay would become effec-

tive at an ascertainable time.

he terms of the German promissory notes totaling

€697 million include a change-of-control clause. For more
information about these German promissory notes, see

the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (17b). The clause gives the lenders special termination
rights in case of a change of control. If no continuation
agreement is reached within 30 days after a change of
control, the lenders would be entitled to declare the loan due
and demand repayment of the outstanding debt without
delay.

- In agreements between SAP AG and various banks for
bilateral credit facilities that totaled €489 million on
December 31, 2012, we have agreed on customary material
adverse change clauses permitting the banks to terminate
if events occur that are materially adverse to the economic
standing of SAP AG which may possibly also include a
change of control. These clauses are standard practice. In
the past, we have drawn on these bilateral credit facilities
only infrequently and only for a few days. We believe that in
view of our current liquidity situation, termination of these
credit facilities would not have a materially adverse effect, at
least in the near term.

117


--- Page 113 ---

+ SAP entered into a €200 million fixed-interest forward-start

loan agreement on December 15, 2011. The interest rate

will be 35 basis points above EURIBOR on the day the loan
is drawn. In the event of a change of control, the lenders
are entitled to terminate the loan agreement and demand
repayment of the outstanding debt unless at SAP’s request
the parties enter within 30 days into an agreement to
continue the loan.

* SAP issued two bonds in 2010, each in two tranches of

different tenures, totaling €2.2 billion. In 2012, SAP set up
a Debt Issuance Program under which a first tranche of
Eurobonds in the amount of €1.3 billion was issued. For
more information about these bonds, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (17b).
Under the terms agreed with the buyers, we are required to
notify the buyers of any change of control without delay.
If there is a change of control and SAP is consequently
assigned a lower credit rating within a defined period,
buyers are entitled to demand repayment. We currently do
not have a credit rating with any agency. In case that
condition persists in a change of control event, an early
redemption would only be triggered if no rating agency
assigns a credit rating during the change of control period.

- Under the terms of our U.S. private placements totaling

US$2.65 billion, we are required to offer lenders repayment
of outstanding debt if there is a change of control and

* We have entered into relationships with other companies to
jointly develop and market new software products. These
relationships are governed by development and marketing
agreements with the respective companies. Some of the
agreements include provisions that, in the event of a change
of control over one of the parties, give the other party a
right to consent to the assignment of the agreement or to
terminate it.

— Agreements to compensate members of the Executive
Board or the employees in the event of a takeover bid:
Agreements have been concluded with the members of the
Executive Board concerning compensation in the event of
achange of control. These agreements, which are customary
in Germany and elsewhere, are described in the Compensation
Report section. We have no analogous compensation
agreements with other employees.

SAP is consequently assigned a lower credit rating within

a defined period. For more information about these private
placements, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (17b). Lenders would have at least
30 days to accept the offer. We currently do not have a credit
rating with any agency. In case that condition persists in a
change of control event, an early redemption would only be
triggered if no rating agency assigns a credit rating during
the change of control period.

118

Combined Management Report


--- Page 114 ---

Opportunity Report

OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT

SAP operates in a dynamic market full of opportunities. To
deliver consistent growth, we must not only avoid unnecessary
risk but also systematically recognize and exploit new
opportunities. Where the size and types of opportunities
exceed agreed risk tolerances, we mitigate the risk by closely
allying opportunity management with risk management.
Opportunities may be within SAP or external. Our approach to
opportunity management is strongly influenced by our strategy
for customer-oriented innovation and sustained growth.

We establish a framework for opportunity management by
evaluating and analyzing markets, competitors, and external
scenarios. We also consider how our products are targeted and
review the cost drivers and critical success factors in our industry.
From these insights, we derive defined market opportunities
that the Executive Board considers for inclusion in business
plans and management targets.

At SAP, we are always looking for a balance between risks and
opportunities in order to create shareholder value by analyzing
new market opportunities. We have strong governance in place
to ensure that the decision taken is based on the opportunity
size, investment required, and the risk profile. Our decision also
depends on the people and talent within SAP and our partner
ecosystem. Without them, it would not be possible to success-
fully market our innovative products. All described opportunities
are applicable to different extent to all of our segments
(On-Premise Products, On-Premise Services, Cloud Applications,
and Ariba) unless otherwise noted.

As far as opportunities are likely to occur, we have incorporated
them into our business plans, our outlook for 2013, and

our medium-term prospects outlined later in this report. The
following section therefore focuses on future trends or events
that might result in a departure from our outlook and medium-
term prospects that are positive for SAP.

Opportunity Report

Opportunities

Opportunities from Positive Development

of Economic Conditions

Economic conditions have an influence on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows. Our outlook for 2013 and
medium-term prospects are based on the expectation that the
future economic conditions are in line with what we have out-
lined in the Outlook section of this report. Should the global
economy experience a more sustained recovery than is reflected
in this forecast, our revenues and profits may exceed our current
outlook and medium-term prospects.

We expect above-trend growth in the emerging markets (such
as Brazil, China, the Middle East, and Turkey), which are ripe for
our solutions — both traditional applications and our new inno-
vations such as SAP HANA and mobile solutions. Should these
economies progress faster than currently expected, this may
positively impact our revenues, profits, and cash flows and result
in exceeding our stated outlook and medium-term prospects.

For more information about future trends in the global economy,
the IT market outlook, and their potential influence on SAP, see
the Outlook section of this Management Report.

Opportunities from Our Research and

Development Activities

Our continued growth depends on our ability to deliver innovative
solutions to market and to drive ongoing value for our customers.
We continue to improve our research and development effec-
tiveness, applying lean methodology to accelerate innovation
cycles and engage more closely with our customers.

Should our research and development activities progress
better than currently expected, this may result in more
innovative new and improved products being released or in
new products being available earlier than currently planned.
This could positively impact our revenues, profit, and
cash flows and result in exceeding our stated outlook and
medium-term prospects.

ale)


--- Page 115 ---

For more information about future opportunities in research
and development for SAP, see the Research and Development
and Outlook sections of this Management Report.

Opportunities from Our Strategy for Profitable Growth
Our strategy has an influence on our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

Our strategy is to deliver profitable growth across our portfolio
of products, solutions, and services. Our goal is to double our
addressable market to US$230 billion and increase the number
of people who use and benefit from SAP solutions to one billion
by 2015.

We see opportunities in new product or market categories,
such as mobile, social media, Big Data, and the cloud, which
we enter through a mix of organic developments and mergers
and acquisitions. We also look to establish new business
models and leverage our expanding ecosystem of partners to
maximize these opportunities.

Our successful performance is very much based on our pace
of innovation. SAP is now taking market share in our targeted
market categories and creating new opportunities to increase
the business value for our customers. This should allow SAP to
increase the share of our customers’ IT wallet as it adds addi-
tional business value.

Should the evolution of our five market categories progress
faster than currently expected, this may positively impact our
revenues, profit, and cash flows and result in our exceeding
our stated outlook and medium-term prospects. That outcome
could arise particularly if SAP HANA and our cloud offerings
create even more demand than is reflected in our stated outlook
and medium-term prospects.

120

For more information about future opportunities for SAP,
see the Vision, Mission, and Strategy and Outlook sections of
this Management Report.

Opportunities from Our Partner Ecosystem

SAP continues to develop an expanding partner ecosystem to
increase market coverage, enhance our solutions portfolio, and
spur innovation with the specified objective of increasing the
artner revenue contribution to SAP's overall revenue target.

Should the business of our partners develop better than
currently expected, our indirect sales (partner revenue) could
grow stronger than reflected in our outlook and medium-term
rospects and contribute more than the 40% of software
revenue we expect by 2015. This may positively impact our
revenues, profits, and cash flows and result in our exceeding
our stated medium-term prospects.

For more information about opportunities arising from our
artner ecosystem, see the Partner Ecosystem and Outlook
sections of this Management Report.

Opportunities from Our Employees

Our employees spark our innovation, deliver value to our
customers, and drive our sustainable growth and profitability.
In 2012, we added approximately 1,800 full-time employees
in sales to capture growth opportunities. We anticipate
improvements in employee productivity by utilizing lean and
design-thinking principles. As described in the Employees
section, we also run programs that aim to increase engagement
among our employees.

Should these measures and methods progress better than
currently expected, this may positively impact our revenues,
profits, and cash flows and result in our exceeding our stated
outlook and medium-term prospects.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 116 ---

For more information about future opportunities from our
employees, see the Employees section of this Management
Report.

Opportunities from Our Customer Engagement

SAP goes to market by region, customer segment, and
industry. In each region, we concentrate our sales efforts on
the fastest-growing markets that have the most business and
revenue potential. We evolve and invest in our go-to-market
coverage model to effectively sell industry-specific solutions
while increasing our engagement with customers.

To support customer value, we offer unique services that
significantly drive business value. In the past, we have offered
services such as SAP MaxAttention and SAP Safeguarding to
our customers to help them capture the full value of our
solutions. We will continue to actively look at new opportunities
to drive customer value better than currently expected. Should
these possibilities progress faster than currently expected,

this may positively impact our revenues, profits, and cash flows
and result in our exceeding our stated outlook and medium-term
prospects.

Opportunity Report

121


--- Page 117 ---

Risk Report

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT
ORGANIZATION

As a global company, we are exposed to a wide variety of risks
across our range of business operations. As a consequence,

we have put comprehensive risk management structures into
place that enable us to identify and analyze risks early on

and take appropriate action. Our risk management system is
designed to identify potential events that could negatively impact
the Company and to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the achievement of our Company objectives, specifically our
ability to achieve our financial, operational, or strategic goals as
planned. This system comprises multiple control mechanisms
and constitutes an important element of the corporate decision-
making process and is therefore implemented as an integral
part of our business processes across the entire SAP Group.
Seeking to ensure that our global risk management efforts are
effective and enable us to aggregate risks and report on them
transparently, we have adopted an integrated approach.

Being a stock corporation domiciled in Germany and issuing
securities listed on the U.S. stock exchange, we are subject to
German and U.S. regulatory requirements that relate to risk
management, such as provisions in the German Stock
Corporation Act, section 91 (2), and the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, section 404. Our Executive Board has established an early
warning system (risk management system) to ensure
compliance with applicable regulations and for the effective
management of risks. Our Executive Board is also responsible
for the effectiveness of our internal control system.

To ensure the effectiveness of our internal control system,
designated champions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX)
assess and test the design and operating effectiveness of
internal controls over financial reporting on a yearly basis. Our
internal control system and our risk management system for
the SAP Group are monitored by the Audit Committee of our
Supervisory Board. For SuccessFactors, an external local audit
and consulting firm has been engaged in the assessment and
tested the design and the operating effectiveness of internal
controls over financial reporting.

122

Our risk management organization consists of five major
elements covering the functions of risk management
governance, strategic, operational, financial, and compliance
risk management with regard to our targets.

A Group-wide risk management governance function (Global
Governance, Risk & Compliance Operations) is responsible
for regular maintenance and implementation of SAP's risk
management policy. Furthermore, a uniform process model
has been defined involving the essential elements of risk
management from risk planning, risk identification, risk
analysis, and response to monitoring. To support this risk
management process entirely we have implemented and rolled
out our own risk management software. This function is also
responsible for standardized risk reporting to risk committees
at different levels of the Company including the Executive
Board, the chairperson of the Supervisory Board, and the
chairperson of the Audit Committee.

The strategic risk management function as part of the Global
Governance, Risk & Compliance organization is responsible for
enabling early identification and mitigation of risks related to the
execution of our strategic targets. They support the successful
execution of SAP's corporate strategy by creating transparency
regarding risks that could threaten commercial interests or
intangible assets such as corporate or product reputation and
brand image or the achievement of our strategic objectives.

Operational and financial risk management is uniformly imple-
mented at SAP. Risk managers independent from the business
are assigned to each of our important business units and
business activities and to selected strategic initiatives. All risk
managers, together with assigned risk contacts in the business
units, continuously identify and assess risks associated with
material business operations using a uniform approach and
monitor the implementation and effectiveness of the measures
chosen to mitigate risks. Our risk managers are responsible for
ensuring that a risk management is implemented across the
SAP Group that is both effective and compliant with regulatory
requirements and our global risk management policy. All risk
managers (with the exception of SuccessFactors and Ariba)
report to the Global Governance, Risk & Compliance

Combined Management Report


--- Page 118 ---

organization. At SuccessFactors, the risk management
responsibility lies with the general counsel that reports to the
executive board member responsible for our Cloud applications
business. Further financial risk management activities are
performed by our Global Treasury function. At Ariba, risk
management and the effective internal control system is
ensured by the CFO's organization.

The head of Global Governance, Risk & Compliance, together
with the corresponding functions within SAP's acquired
companies (SuccessFactors, Ariba), is responsible for SAP's
internal control and risk management program and provides
regular updates to our Audit Committee. The overall risk
profile of the SAP Group is consolidated by the head of Global
Governance, Risk & Compliance, who reports directly to the
Executive Board member and Chief Financial Officer of SAP.

Risk Management System

The risk management policy issued by our Executive Board
governs how we handle risk and defines a methodology that
applies uniformly across all parts of the SAP Group. The policy
stipulates who is responsible for conducting risk management
activities and defines reporting and monitoring structures. We
routinely review and update the policy as necessary but at least
once a year. The SAP global corporate audit function conducts
regular audits to assess the effectiveness of our risk management
system. Every year, our external auditor audits whether our
early risk identification system is adequate to identify early
enough risks that may endanger the SAP as a going concern.
SAP's enterprise risk management follows COSO II (integrated
framework for enterprise risk management) and covers risks in
the areas of strategy, operational business, financial reporting,
and compliance. Using the COSO framework, SAP defines and
covers internal controls all along the value chain on a process
and subprocess level to assure that sound business objectives
are set in line with the organization's strategic, operational,
financial, and compliance goals. The following sections describe
the key content elements of our risk management process

as part of our policy: Our risk planning, identification, analysis,
response, and monitoring.

Risk Report

Risk planning and risk identification for both internal and
external risks are conducted in cooperation between the risk
managers and the business units or subsidiaries. We apply
both qualitative and quantitative risk analysis across the entire
Company as well as other risk analysis methods such as sensi-
tivity analyses and simulation techniques. Depending on the
estimated probability of occurrence and potential impact (such
as amount of potential loss or damage), we classify a risk as
“high,” “medium,” or “low.” We use various techniques to identify
risks. For example, we have identified risk indicators and
developed a comprehensive risk catalog that includes risk
mitigation strategies for known products and project risks.
Risk identification takes place at various levels of the Company
to ensure that common risk trends are identified and end-to-
end risk management across organizational borders is enabled.

Risk analysis is followed by risk response and risk monitoring.
The risk managers work in close cooperation with the business
owners, seeking to ensure that effective strategies are
implemented to minimize risks. Risks may be reduced by
taking active steps to counteract them, or in some cases risks
are accepted. The business owners are responsible for

continuously monitoring the ri
mitigation strategies, with su
managers. To provide greater

sks and the effectiveness of our
port from the respective risk
risk transparency and enable

appropriate decision making for our business owners, we
established risk delegation of authority (RDOA) in our software

development organizations, o|
SuccessFactors. RDOA is a ris

ur field organization, and
management decision-making

hierarchy that helps respective business owners gain timely
insight into our riskiest projects and processes, so they are
better able to review the pertinent information, understand the
risk profile and associated mitigation strategies, and determine
if their approval is warranted. Depending on the exposure,
approval is required at different levels of the Company, up to
and including the Executive Board. For Ariba, risk management
activities are performed throughout the organization by

the Chief Privacy/Security Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
based on their particular area.

123


--- Page 119 ---

We insure against risks only where the economic benefit
appears worthwhile to us. Furthermore, our risk committees,
which comprise senior managers from different lines of
business, also monitor risks.

All identified and relevant risks are reported at the local,
regional, and global levels in accordance with our risk
management policy. At local, regional, and global levels, we
have executive risk councils that regularly discuss risks and
countermeasures and that monitor the success of risk
mitigation. Risks are reported to the Executive Board ona
regular basis. In addition, the full Executive Board is informed
once every quarter about individual risks that have been
classified as “high” following the risk analysis or that have
exceeded defined limits. This reporting is done in the form of
a qualitative description. Newly identified or existing significant
risks that are above a defined threshold or with a potential
significant impact are also reported to the chairperson of the
Supervisory Board and to the chairperson of the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board.

We also have a process in place that quantifies individual risks
as far as possible and, from a given threshold, analyzes the
risks with respect to their potential effect as regards illiquidity
und excessive indebtedness and insolvency, and thus possible
threat to the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

The status of the risk management system and its
implementation in the different Executive Board areas

is reported regularly to the Audit Committee. In parallel, our
global corporate audit function, which audits various
aspects of the risk management system, also reports regularly
to the Audit Committee.

124

Our risk managers use our own risk management software
solution to create transparency across all known risks that exist
within the SAP Group as well as to facilitate risk management
and the associated risk reporting. We record and address
identified risks in our software solution. Risk management
information held in the solution is available to managers through
a table application, and consolidated and aggregated for the
quarterly report. The solution also supports the risk-based
approach of our internal control and risk management system
for financial reporting (ICRMSFR).

The risk management system analyzes risks only. It does not
assess or analyze opportunities.

Internal Control and Risk Management System for
Financial Reporting by the SAP Group

Our internal control and risk management system for
financial reporting (ICRMSFR) is based on our Group-wide
risk management methodology. The ICRMSFR includes
organizational, control, and monitoring structures designed to
ensure that data and information concerning our business are
collected, compiled, and analyzed in accordance with applicable
laws and properly reflected in the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements as well as in the stand-alone Financial Statements
of SAP AG according to German GAAP.

Our ICRMSFR includes policies, procedures, and measures
designed to ensure compliance of our financial reports with
applicable law and standards. We analyze new statutes,
standards, and other pronouncements, as failure to implement
them would present a substantial risk to the compliance of our
financial reporting. Our corporate financial reporting department
codifies all accounting policies in our Group Accounting
Guideline and Global Revenue Recognition Guidelines. These
policies and our corporate closing schedule together define the
closing process under which all affiliates prepare their financial
statements for consolidation by our corporate financial
reporting office. The corporate financial reporting department
and other corporate departments assist our local subsidiaries’
efforts to comply with Group accounting policies and monitors
their work. Our corporate audit function and corporate
financial reporting department conduct audits of our affiliates’

Combined Management Report


--- Page 120 ---

financial reporting. The corporate financial reporting
department conducts all of our financial consolidation. We
outsource some work, such as valuing projected benefit
obligations and share-based payment obligations, and in the
context of asset acquisitions and business combinations, the
respective purchase price allocations. The employees who
work on our financial reporting receive training in our policies
and processes. Our ICRMSFR has both preventive and detective
controls, including, for example, automated and non-automated
reconciliations, segregated duties with two-person responsibility,
authorization concepts in the SAP software system, and
monitoring.

Based on the results of the analysis regarding design and
operating effectiveness of internal controls over financial
reporting, our management assesses the effectiveness of the
ICRMSFR on December 31 each year. A committee chaired

by our Chief Financial Officer meets regularly to set the annual
scope for our test of ICRMSFR effectiveness, to evaluate

any possible weaknesses in the controls, and to determine
measures to adequately address them. At its meetings, the
Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board regularly scrutinizes
management's assessments of the effectiveness of

our ICRMSFR with regard to our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

The purpose of a company’s internal control over financial
reporting is to ensure with sufficient certainty that its financial
reporting is reliable and in compliance with applicable generally
accepted accounting principles. Because of the inherent
limitations of internal control over financial reporting, it may
not prevent or bring to light all potential misstatements in our
financial statements.

The assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls

over financial reporting, including SuccessFactors’ internal

controls over financial reporting, was that on December 31,
2012, the SAP Group has an effective internal control system
over financial reporting.

Risk Report

Risk Assessment

To determine which risks pose the highest threat to the viability
of the SAP Group, we classify our risks as “high,” “medium,”

or “low” based on the likelihood that a risk will occur within the
assessment horizon as well as the impact the risk would have
on our business objectives if the risk were to occur. The scales
for measuring these two indicators are given in the following
tables.

Probability/Likelihood of Occurrence Description

1-19% Remote
20-39% Unlikely
40-59% Likely
60-79% Highly likely
80-99% Near certainty

Under this framework, we define a remote risk as one that will
occur only under exceptional circumstances and a near-certain
risk as one that can be expected to occur within the specified
time horizon.

Impact Level Impact Definition

Insignificant Negligible negative impact on business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows

Minor Limited negative impact on business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows

Moderate Some potential negative impact on business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows

Major Considerable negative impact on business,

financial position, profit, and cash flows

Business-critical Detrimental negative impact on business,

financial position, profit, and cash flows

Based on the likelihood that a risk will occur as well as the
impact the risk would have on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flow leads us to classify the risks as
“high,” “medium,” or “low.”

125


--- Page 121 ---

Probability
80-99% L M H H H
60-79% L M M H H
40-59% L L M M H
20-39% L L L M M

1-19% L L L L M
Insignificant Minor Moderate Major Business-critical
Impact

H = High risk

M = Medium risk

L =Lowrisk

RISK FACTORS

The following sections outline risk factors that we identify and
track using SAP's risk management solution. They are pre-
sented below at a more aggregated level as compared to their
use in internal controlling, but are broken down by the same
risk categories we also use in our internal risk management
system reporting structure. All described risks are applicable

to different extent to all of our segments (On-Premise Products,

On-Premise Services, Cloud Applications, and Ariba) unless
otherwise noted.

SAP AG is the parent company of the SAP Group consisting
of SAP, SuccessFactors, and Ariba. Consequently, the risks

described below also apply — directly or indirectly - to SAP AG.

126

Economic, Political, Social, and Regulatory Risk
Uncertainty in the global economy, financial markets, or
political conditions could have a negative impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows and put
pressure on our operating profit.

The ability of our customers to invest in our products is depen-
dent on current economic, financial, and political conditions. In
the mid- to long-term, events such as a global economic crisis,
shifts in government policy, fluctuations in national currencies,
a potential euro area break-up, U.S. or European recession,
or increasing sovereign debts, could negatively impact our
customers’ ability and willingness to make investments in our
products and services. These events could reduce the demand
for SAP software and services, and lead to the following:
— Delayed purchases, decreased deal size, or cancelations of
proposed investments
— Higher credit barriers for customers, reducing their ability to
finance software purchases

Combined Management Report


--- Page 122 ---

— Increased number of bankruptcies among customers,
business partners, and key suppliers

— Increased default risk, which may lead to significant
impairment charges in the future

— Market disruption from aggressive competitive behavior,
acquisitions, or business practices

— Increased price competition and demand for cheaper
products and services

Economic, financial, or political uncertainty could therefore
cause a decline in our revenue and operating profit. As a result,
we could fail to achieve our operating profit target.

SAP has established measures and dedicated task forces to
address and mitigate the described risks and possible negative
impacts to the extent possible. We offer our customers standard
software and product packages that are fast and easy to
install, as well as attractive financing models. Furthermore, we
continue to apply cost discipline internally and have a conser-
vative financial planning policy. Additionally, SAP is continuously
reshaping its organizational structure and processes to
increase efficiency.

In view of the measures that are in place, we estimate the
probability of occurrence of this risk to be likely. Therefore, we
cannot completely exclude the possibility of it having a business-
critical impact on our business, financial position, profit,

and cash flows, exacerbating the other risks we describe in

this report, or causing a negative deviation from our revenue
and operating profit target. We classify this risk as a high risk.

Risk Report

Our international business activities expose us to numerous
and potentially conflicting regulatory requirements, and
risks which could harm our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows.

We currently market our products and services in more than

130 countries in the APJ, EMEA, Latin America, and North

America regions. Sales in these countries are subject to

numerous risks inherent in international business operations.

Among others, these risks include:

— Conflict and overlap among tax regimes

— Possible tax constraints impeding business operations in
certain countries

— Expenses associated with the localization of our products
and compliance with local regulatory requirements

— Operational difficulties in countries with a high corruption
perception index

— Protectionist trade policies

— Regulations for import and export

— Works councils, labor unions, and immigration laws in
different countries

— Data protection and privacy in regard to access by foreign
authorities to customer, partner, or employee data

— Country-specific software certification requirements

As we expand further into new countries and markets, these
risks could intensify. One or more of these factors could
negatively impact our operations globally or in one or more
countries or regions. Overall, we could fail to achieve our
revenue targets.

We address these risks with various measures depending on
the circumstances, including, for example, making local organi-
zational changes, establishing a Data Protection and Privacy
Office and associated policy, receiving guidance from external
economics consultants, law firms, tax advisors, and authorities
in the concerned countries, and taking legal actions. Although
we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that this
risk could have a major negative impact on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative deviation
from our revenue targets. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

127


--- Page 123 ---

Social and political instability caused by terrorist attacks,
civil unrest, war, or international hostilities as well as
pandemic disease outbreaks or natural disasters may
disrupt SAP's business operations.

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, civil and
political unrest (such as in the Middle East), or natural disasters
(such as “Superstorm Sandy” or similar events) could have a
significant negative impact on the related economy or beyond.
An event that results, for example, in the loss of a significant
number of our employees, or in the disruption or disablement
of operations at our locations, could affect our ability to provide
business services. Furthermore, this could have a significant
negative impact on our partners as well as our customers

and their investment decisions, which could prevent us from
achieving our future revenue and operating profit target.

Our mitigation measures have been designed and implemented
to minimize such negative impacts. Our corporate headquarters,
which include certain critical business functions, are located

in the German state of Baden-Wurttemberg. This area has
historically been free of natural disasters. To protect our key IT
infrastructure and critical business systems and processes from
material negative impact in crisis situations, disaster recovery
and business continuity plans have been developed and include
implementation of data redundancies and daily information
backup strategies. To verify and improve our approach, the Global
IT organization is regularly certified to the internationally
recognized British standard BS 25999-2 (Business Continuity
Management). In addition, SAP is one of the first international
companies and the first German company to be certified to
the new ISO 22301:2012 standard. To ensure continuous
operations of all critical business processes, we have been
implementing and operating a worldwide business continuity
management system. To enable effective response and
minimize possible losses in case of crisis situations, we have
installed local crisis management teams at our main locations,
supplemented by regional crisis management teams for the
APJ, EMEA, Latin America, and North America regions and our
global crisis management team. We believe that the likelihood

128

of this risk materializing is remote; however, we cannot exclude
the possibility of such a risk occurring and having a business-
critical impact on our reputation, business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows, or causing a negative deviation from our
revenue targets. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Market Risks

Our established customers might not buy additional soft-

ware solutions, renew maintenance agreements, purchase
additional professional services, or they might switch to

other products or service offerings (including competitive
products).

In 2012, we offered a wide range of support services including
SAP MaxAttention, SAP Enterprise Support, and SAP Product
Support for Large Enterprises. We continue to depend materially
on the success of our support portfolio and on our ability

to deliver high-quality services. Traditionally, our large installed
customer base generates additional new software, maintenance,
consulting, and training revenue. Existing customers might
cancel or not renew their maintenance contracts, decide not to
buy additional products and services, switch to subscription
models, or accept alternative offerings from other vendors so
that we could fail to achieve our maintenance-related revenue
and operating profit target.

Working closely with SAP user groups, we continuously monitor
the performance of our support organization and the satisfaction
of our customers. We implement mitigating steps where
required. In view of these measures and due to the value of sup-
port perceived by customers, we estimate the probability of
this risk materializing to be remote, but we cannot completely
exclude the possibility that it could have a business-critical
impact on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows,
or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and operating
profit target. We classify this risk as medium risk. This risk
factor relates only to our On-Premise Products segment.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 124 ---

The market for our cloud product portfolio depends

on widespread adoption of cloud solutions instead of
on-premise solutions. The market for cloud solutions is at
a relatively early stage of development. As a result, if it
does not develop or develops more slowly than we expect,
our business could be harmed.

The market for cloud computing is at an early stage relative to

on-premise solutions. Cloud applications may not achieve

and sustain high levels of demand and market acceptance. Our

success will depend on the willingness of organizations to

increase their use of software as a service. Many companies

have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to

integrate traditional enterprise software into their businesses,

and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to the

cloud. We have encountered customers who were unwilling to

subscribe to our cloud product portfolio because they could

not install it on their premises. Other factors that could affect

the market acceptance of cloud solutions include:

— Perceived security capabilities and reliability

— Perceived concerns about the ability to scale operations for
large enterprise customers

— Concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage
critical employee or company-confidential data

— The level of configurability or customizability of the software

If organizations do not perceive the benefits of cloud computing,
the market for our cloud business might not develop further,
or it may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which
would adversely affect our business.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be remote, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows,
or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and operating
profit target. We classify the risk as a medium risk. This risk
factor relates only to our Cloud division combining the Cloud
Applications and Ariba segments.

Risk Report

Our market share and profit could decline due to intense
competition, consolidation, and technological innovation in
the software industry.

The software industry continues to evolve rapidly and currently
is undergoing a significant shift due to innovations in the

areas of mobile, Big Data, cloud computing, and social media.
While smaller innovative companies tend to create new markets
continuously, large traditional IT vendors tend to enter such
markets mostly through acquisitions. In 2012, most merger and
acquisition (M&A) activities within the software industry were
in cloud computing, social media, database and technology,
and analytics. Therefore, SAP is facing increased competition
in its business environment from traditional as well as new
competitors. This could result in increased price pressure, cost
increases, and loss of market share and could negatively
impact the achievement of our future operating profit target.

We believe we will be able to protect our leadership in the
market if we continue to execute successfully on our innovation
strategy, which is driven by a mix of organic growth and
targeted acquisitions. Although we estimate the probability

of occurrence of this risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely
exclude the possibility that this risk could have a moderate
negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows, or cause a negative deviation from our operating
profit target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

129


--- Page 125 ---

Business Strategy Risks

Demand for our new solutions may not develop as planned
and our strategy on new business models and flexible
consumption models may not be successful.

Our customers are looking to take advantage of technological
breakthroughs from SAP without compromising their previous
IT investments. Thus, our customers might not realize the
expected benefits from these previous investments. Additionally,
the introduction of new SAP solutions, technologies,

and business models are subject to uncertainties. Therefore,
customers might wait for reference customers first, which
might lead to a lower level of adoption of our new solutions and
business models or no adoption at all.

To mitigate this risk, SAP is balancing the distribution of its
strategic investments by evolving and protecting its core
businesses (solutions and analytics) and simultaneously
developing new solutions and business models for markets,
such as mobile, cloud, and database and technology (including
SAP HANA). We estimate the probability of occurrence of this
risk to be remote, but cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a major negative impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Our Cloud organization recognizes subscription and
support revenue from our customers over the term of their
agreements, and our business depends substantially on
customers renewing their agreements and purchasing
additional modules or users from us. Also, any downturns or
upturns in cloud sales may not be immediately reflected

in our operating results, and any decline in our customer
renewals would harm the future operating results of the
cloud business.

We recognize cloud subscription and support revenue over the
duration of our cloud business customer agreements, which
typically range from one to three years with some up to five
years. As a result, most of the respective revenue recognized in
a given period originates from agreements entered into in earlier
periods. Consequently, a shortfall in demand for our cloud

130

portfolio in any period may not significantly impact our cloud
subscription and support revenue for that quarter, but could
negatively affect targeted cloud subscription and support
revenue in future periods.

To maintain or improve our operating results in the cloud
business, it is important that our customers renew their
agreements with us when the initial contract term expires and
purchase additional modules or additional users. Our customers
have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the initial
subscription period, and we cannot assure that customers will
renew subscriptions at the same or higher level of service, if

at all.

Our customers’ renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a
result of anumber of factors, including their satisfaction or
dissatisfaction with our cloud product portfolio, our customer
support, our pricing, the prices of competing products or
services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer
base, the effects of global economic conditions, or reductions
in our customers’ spending levels. If our customers do not
renew their subscriptions, renew on less favorable terms, or fail
to purchase additional modules or users, our revenue and
billings may decline, and we may not realize significantly improved
operating results from our customer base.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this

risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a moderate negative impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a low risk. This risk factor relates
only to our Cloud division combining the Cloud Applications
and Ariba segments.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 126 ---

We might fail to maintain and enhance an effective partner
ecosystem.

A vibrant and open partner ecosystem is a fundamental pillar
of our success and growth strategy. We have entered into part-
nership agreements that drive co-innovation on our platforms,
profitably expand all our routes-to-market to optimize market
coverage, and provide high-quality services capacity in all
market segments. Partners play a key role in driving market
adoption of our entire solutions portfolio, by co-innovating on
our platforms, embedding our technology, and reselling and/
or implementing our software.

These partners might not do the following:

— Enable enough resources to promote, sell, and support to
scale into targeted markets

— Develop a sufficient number of new solutions and content on
our platforms

— Sufficiently embed our solutions to profitably drive “SAP
everywhere” (OEM model)

— Provide high-quality products and services to our customers

— Comply with applicable laws and regulations, resulting in
delayed, disrupted, or terminated sales and services

— Renew their agreements with us on terms acceptable to us
or at all

If one or more of these risks materialize, the demand for our
products and services may be adversely impacted, and we may
not be able to compete successfully with other software
vendors. As a result, we might not achieve our revenue targets.

SAP continues to invest in long-term, mutually beneficial
relationships and agreements with its partners. We continue
to develop and enhance a wide range of partner programs in
order to retain existing and attract new partners of all types.
Furthermore, we offer training opportunities to a wide range of
resources for our partners. A thorough certification process
for third-party solutions has been designed and established

Risk Report

to ensure consistent high quality and seamless integration.
Although we consider this risk to be unlikely in view of our
partner strategy, we cannot exclude the possibility that this risk
could have a major negative impact on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target if it were
to materialize. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Human Capital Risks

If we do not effectively manage our geographically dispersed
workforce, we may not be able to run our business efficiently
and successfully.

Our success is dependent on appropriate alignment of our
internal and external workforce planning processes and our
location strategy with our general strategy. It is critical that we
manage our internationally dispersed workforce effectively,
taking short and long-term workforce and skill requirements
into consideration. Changes in headcount and infrastructure
needs could result ina mismatch between our expenses and
revenue. Failure to do so could hinder our ability to run our
business efficiently and successfully.

We are focusing on mitigating this risk through a range of
activities including succession management, workforce
planning (which aims to achieve diversity and the right mix of
talent and to take account of demographic changes),
outsourcing, external short-term staffing, employer branding,
career management (such as offering opportunities for
short-term assignments and opportunities to improve skills,
competencies, and qualifications), and extended benefit
programs — for example, a performance-oriented remuneration
system, an employer-financed pension plan in certain

131


--- Page 127 ---

countries, and long-term incentive plans. Given the measures
that are in place, we estimate this risk to be a remote possibility,
but we cannot underestimate its potential to have a major
negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows, or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

If we are unable to attract, develop, and retain leaders

and employees with specialized knowledge and technology
skills, or are unable to achieve internal gender diversity
objectives, we might not be able to manage our operations
effectively and successfully, or develop successful new
solutions and services.

Our highly qualified workforce provides the foundation for

our continued success. Competition in our industry for highly-
skilled and specialized personnel and leaders, both male and
female, is intense. In certain regions and specific technology
and solution areas, we have set ambitious growth targets in
countries such as Brazil, China, and Russia. If we are unable to
identify, attract, develop, motivate, and retain well-qualified
personnel, both male and female, or if existing highly-skilled
and specialized personnel leave SAP and ready successors or
adequate replacements are not available, we may not be able
to manage our operations effectively or develop, sell, or imple-
ment successful new solution and services as planned. This is
particularly true as we continue to introduce new and innovative
technology offerings and expand our business in emerging
markets. In addition, SAP might not be able to achieve its
internal gender diversity objectives by 2017. Finally, hiring such
personnel could expose us to claims by other companies
seeking to prevent their employees from working for a competitor.

These risks notwithstanding, we continue to believe our leading
market position, employer brand, and extended benefit pro-
grams will enable us to hire top talent internationally with the
potential to contribute to SAP’s growing business success in
the future. In addition, we address the risk of a negative impact

132

on our business operations due to the failure to recruit the
employees we need as well as the loss of leaders and employees,
by seeking to build employee and leadership strengths through
a range of targeted professional development, mentoring,
and coaching programs, gender diversity program, and special
high-potential employee programs that aim to develop talent
as well as leadership talent in particular. A strong focus on
succession planning for leadership and for key positions seeks
for sustainable leadership and to safeguard the business from
disruption caused by staff turnover. Although the risks related
to attracting, developing, and retaining talent could materialize,
we believe that this is unlikely and that the potential negative
impact on our reputation, business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows, or potential negative deviation from our revenue
and operating profit target would be moderate. We classify this
risk as a low risk.

Organizational and Governance-Related Risks
Laws and regulatory requirements in Germany, the United
States, and elsewhere have become much more stringent.

As a stock corporation domiciled in Germany with securities
listed in Germany and the United States, we are subject to
German, U.S., and other governance-related regulatory require-
ments. The regulatory requirements have become significantly
more stringent in recent years, and some legislation, such as
the anticorruption legislation in Germany, the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, and the UK Bribery Act, is being applied
more rigorously. The rules are highly complex. Any failure by us
to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or any related
allegations of wrongdoing against us, whether merited or not,
could have a significant negative impact on our reputation and
our stock price.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 128 ---

It is difficult to assess the precise potential risk, because there
are a wide variety of complex legal and regulatory requirements
that apply, and therefore an equally wide variety of potential
non-compliance scenarios exist.

However, we do continuously monitor new regulatory require-
ments, updated or new enforcement trends, and publicly
available information on compliance issues that surface in the
computer software industry or in the business environment in
general. Based on this information and any other available
sources, we continuously update and refresh our compliance
program to achieve the most effective approach possible to
ensure that our employees understand and comply with our
Code of Business Conduct. This process is managed by our
global compliance office, a team of dedicated resources
who are tasked with managing our policy-related compliance
measures. Our chief compliance officer coordinates policy
implementation, training, and enforcement efforts throughout
SAP. Those efforts are monitored and tracked to allow trending
and risk analysis and to ensure consistent policy application
throughout the Group. Despite our comprehensive compliance
programs and established internal controls, intentional efforts
of individuals to circumvent controls or engage in fraud for per-
sonal gains cannot always be prevented. Although we estimate
the likelihood of this risk to be remote, we cannot completely
exclude the possibility that this risk could have a major negative
impact on our reputation, business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows, or cause a negative deviation from our revenue
and operating profit target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Non-compliance with applicable data protection and privacy
laws or failure to adequately meet the requirements of
SAP's customers with respect to our products and services
could lead to civil liabilities and fines, as well as loss of
customers and damage to SAP's reputation.

As a global software and service provider, SAP is required to
comply with the laws in the locations where SAP does business.
SAP and its subsidiaries are facing a surge of data protection
and privacy laws and regulations around the world, with further

Risk Report

changes to be expected in the future, for example, by the
European Data Protection Regulation proposed by the European
Commission. These laws and regulations amend and
supplement existing requirements regarding the processing

of personal data that SAP and SAP's customers need to fulfill
and which SAP consequently must address with its products
and services. Failure to comply with applicable laws or to
adequately address privacy concerns of customers, even if
unfounded, could lead to investigations by supervisory authori-
ties, civil liability, fines (in the future potentially calculated based
on the Company's annual turnover), loss of customers, and
damage to SAP's reputation, and thereby harm SAP's business.

To mitigate these risks, SAP actively monitors changes to laws
and regulations to take adequate measures and certify our
existing standards on an ongoing basis. SAP has implemented
a wide range of measures to protect data controlled by SAP
and its customers from unauthorized access and processing,
as well as from accidental loss or destruction. SAP has
implemented a certified Data Protection Management System
in data protection-critical areas including support, HR,

global services, marketing, and cloud operations, whose
implementation is audited internally and externally by the
British Standard Institutions on an annual basis. Furthermore,
customers are provided with security certifications (such

as ISO 27001), security white papers, and reports from our
independent auditors and certification bodies. Given the
measures for data protection and privacy that SAP has in
place, we estimate this risk to be unlikely, but cannot rule out
the possibility of it having a business-critical impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, causing
damage to our reputation, or causing a negative deviation from
our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this risk
as amedium risk.

133


--- Page 129 ---

Failure to respond to meet customer, partner, or other
stakeholder expectations or generally accepted standards
on climate change, energy constraints, and our social
investment strategy could negatively impact SAP’s business,
results of operations, and reputation.

Energy and emissions management as well as our social invest-

ments are an integral component of our holistic management of

social, environmental and economic risks and opportunities.

We have identified related risks in these major areas:

— Our solutions and green IT

— SAP’s own operations — energy management and other
environmental issues such as carbon management, water
use, and waste

- Social investments focusing on education and
entrepreneurship

Because SAP's customers, employees, and investors expect a
reliable energy and carbon strategy, we have re-emphasized
our previously communicated targets, especially our annual
carbon target of 480 kilotons for greenhouse gas emissions. If
we do not achieve this target, our customers might no longer
recognize SAP for its environmental leadership and buy other
vendors’ products and services with the consequence that we
could fail to achieve our revenue targets.

In the last few years, SAP has proven that it is possible to take
a proactive position on social and environmental issues while
delivering robust financial growth. As a result, we received great
recognition for our sustainability efforts. As a proof point for
SAP's sustainability performance, we continue to be listed in
the most prominent and recognized sustainability indices, such
as the Dow Jones Sustainability Index or the Sustainability
Leadership Report by Brandlogic. We believe that the risk of
failing to meet expectations regarding our energy and emission
strategy as well as social investment strategy is unlikely to
occur and that if the risk were to occur, it would have a moderate
negative impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows as well as on the achievement of
our revenue targets. We classify this risk as a low risk.

134

Communication and Information Risks
Our controls and efforts to prevent the unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information might not always

be effective.

Information classified as “confidential” or “strictly confidential”
that is related to topics such as our strategy, new technologies,
mergers and acquisitions, unpublished financial results, or per-
sonal data could be prematurely or inadvertently disclosed. For
some of these events, this could require notification of multiple
regulatory agencies and, where appropriate, the data owner,
which could result in a loss of reputation for SAP. For example,
breached information during a merger or acquisition deal could
cause the loss of our deal target, or our share price could
decline in case of prematurely published financial results. This
could also negatively impact our market position, and lead

to fines and penalties. In addition, this could prevent us from
achieving our operating profit target.

We take a wide range of actions to prevent classifie
confidential information from unauthorized disclosure,
including procedural and organizational measures. These
measures include mandatory security awareness training for
all employees, standards for safe internal and external
communication, and technical security features for our IT
hardware and communication channels including mandatory
encryption of sensitive data. Although we estimate the
likelihood of occurrence of this risk to be remote, we cannot
completely exclude the possibility that this risk could have a
business-critical impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative deviation
from our operating profit target. We classify this risk as a
medium risk.

Financial Risks
Our sales are subject to quarterly fluctuations and our sales
forecasts may not be accurate.

Our revenue and operating results can vary and have varied in

the past, sometimes substantially, from quarter to quarter.

Our revenue in general, and in particular our software revenue,

is difficult to forecast for a number of reasons, including:

— The relatively long sales cycles for our products

- The large size, complexity, and extended timing of individual
license transactions

Combined Management Report


--- Page 130 ---

— The introduction of new licensing and deployment models

such as cloud subscription models

— The timing of the introduction of new products or product

enhancements by SAP or our competitors

— Changes in customer budgets

— Decreased software sales that could have a significant

negative impact on related maintenance and services revenue

— Timing, size, and length of a customer's services projects

— Deployment models that require the recognition of revenue

over an extended period of time

— Seasonality of a customer's technology purchases

— Limited visibility into the ability of acquired companies to
accurately predict their sales pipelines and the likelihood
that the projected pipeline will convert favorably into sales

— Other general economic, social, environmental, and market
conditions, such as the global economic crisis and the current
difficulties for countries with large debt

Since many of our customers make their IT purchasing deci-
sions near the end of calendar quarters, and with a significant
percentage of those decisions being made during our fourth
quarter, even a small delay in purchasing decisions could have
a significant negative impact on our revenue results for a given
year. Our dependence on large transactions has decreased in
recent years with a trend towards an increased number of
transactions coupled with a decrease in deal size. However, the
loss or delay of one or a few large opportunities, which are still
characteristic of the large enterprise segment, could have a
significant negative impact on our results in terms of failure to
achieve our revenue targets.

We use a “pipeline” system to forecast sales and trends in our
business. Pipeline analysis informs and guides our business
planning, budgeting, and forecasting, but pipeline estimates do
not necessarily consistently correlate to revenue in a particular
quarter, potentially due to one or more of the reasons outlined
above. The reliability of our plans, budgets, and forecasts may
therefore be compromised. Because our operating expenses
are based upon anticipated revenue levels and a high percent-

Risk Report

age of our expenses are relatively fixed in the near term, any
shortfall in anticipated revenue or delay in revenue recognition
could result in significant variations in our operating results
from quarter to quarter or year to year. Continued deterioration
in global economic conditions would make it increasingly
difficult for us to accurately forecast demand for our products
and services, and could cause our revenue, operating results,
and cash flows to fall short of our expectations and public
forecasts. That could have a significant negative impact on our
stock price. To the extent any future expenditure fails to generate
the anticipated increase in revenue, our quarterly or annual
operating results may be subject to a significant negative
impact and may vary significantly compared to preceding or
subsequent periods.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this

risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a moderate negative impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit target.
We classify this risk as a low risk.

External factors could impact our liquidity and increase
the default risk associated with and the valuation of our
financial assets.

An economic downturn (for example, resulting from the

euro area crisis) could have a significant negative impact on
our future liquidity. We use a globally centralized financial
management to control financial risk, such as liquidity,
exchange rate, interest rate, counterparty, and equity price
risks. The primary aim is to maintain liquidity in the Group at a
level that is adequate to meet our obligations at any time. Our
total group liquidity was €2,492 million on December 31, 2012.
This position is supported by our strong operating cash
flows, of which a large part is recurring, and by credit facilities
on which we can draw if necessary. However, an economic
downturn could increase the default risk associated with our
total group liquidity. That could have a significant negative
impact on the valuation of our financial assets including our
trade receivables. SAP's investment policy with regard to total
Group liquidity is set out in our internal treasury guideline
document, which is a collection of uniform rules that apply
globally to all companies in the Group. Among its stipulations, it

135


--- Page 131 ---

requires that with limited exceptions we invest only in assets
and funds rated BBB flat or better. The weighted average rating
of the investments of our total group liquidity is in the range A
to A-. We continue to pursue a policy of cautious investment
characterized by wide portfolio diversification with a variety of
counterparties, predominantly short-term investments, and
standard investment instruments.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be remote, there can be no assurance that the prescribed
measures will be successful or that uncertainty in global eco-
nomic conditions could not have a business-critical impact on
our business, financial position, profit, cash flows or operating
profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Management's use of estimates could negatively affect our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

To comply with IFRS, management is required to make many
judgments, estimates, and assumptions. The facts and circum-
stances on which management bases these estimates and
judgments, and management's judgment regarding the facts
and circumstances, may change from time to time and this
could result in significant changes in the estimates.

We have a number of control procedures in place to mitigate
this risk. For example, we apply two-person verification to
significant estimating. Although we estimate the probability of
occurrence of this risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely
exclude the possibility that this risk could have a major negative
impact on our business, financial position, and profit, or
cause a negative deviation from our revenue and profit targets.
We classify this risk as a medium risk.

136

Current and future accounting pronouncements and other
financial reporting standards, especially but not only
concerning revenue recognition, may negatively impact the
financial results we present.

We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial
reporting standards and review new pronouncements and
drafts thereof that are relevant to us. As a result, we might be
required to change our accounting policies, particularly con-
cerning revenue recognition, to alter our operational policy so
that it reflects new or amended financial reporting standards,
or to restate our published financial statements.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this

risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a major negative impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, and profit, or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Because we conduct operations throughout the world, our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows may be
affected by currency and interest rate fluctuations.

Our Group-wide management reporting and our external
financial reporting are both in euros. Nevertheless, a significant
portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than
the euro. Approximately 72% of our revenue in 2012 was attrib-
utable to operations outside the euro area and was translated
into euros. Consequently, period-over-period changes in the
euro rates for particular currencies can significantly affect our
reported revenue and income. In general, appreciation of the
euro relative to another currency has a negative effect while
depreciation of the euro relative to another currency has a
positive effect. Variable interest balance-sheet items are also
subject to changes in interest rates. For more information about
our currency and interest-rate risks and our related hedging
activity, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Notes (25) and (26).

We continuously monitor our exposure to currency fluctuation
risks based on balance-sheet items and expected cash flows,
and pursue a Group-wide foreign exchange risk management
strategy using, for example, derivative financial instruments as
appropriate. In 2012, we significantly reduced the amount and

Combined Management Report


--- Page 132 ---

maturity of our variable interest rate positions. Therefore, we
believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is remote and
that if the risk were to occur, its potential negative impact on
our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and operating
profit target would be moderate. We classify this risk as a low
risk. Consequently, there are currently no interest rate hedges
in place. For more information about risks arising from financial
instruments, including our currency and interest-rate risks and
our related hedging activity, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Notes (24) to (26).

The cost of using derivative instruments to hedge share-
based payments may exceed the benefits of hedging them.

We use derivative instruments to reduce the impact of our
share-based payments on our income statement and to limit
future expense associated with those plans. We decide case
by case whether and to what extent we should hedge this risk.
The expense of hedging the share-based payments could
exceed the benefit achieved by hedging them. Additionally, a
decision to leave the plans materially unhedged could prove
disadvantageous.

Nonetheless, we believe that the likelihood of this risk material-
izing is remote and that if the risk were to occur, its potential
negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, cash
flows, and operating profit target would be minor. We classify
this risk as a low risk.

Project Risks

Implementation of SAP software often involves a significant
commitment of resources by our customers and is subject
to a number of significant risks over which we often have no
control.

Acore element of our business is the successful implementation
of software solutions to enable our customers to make

their business a best-run business. The implementation of SAP
software is led by SAP, by partners, by customers, or by a
combination thereof. Depending on various factors, such as the
complexity of solutions, the customer's implementation needs
or the resources required, SAP faces a number of different risks.
For example, functional requirement changes, delays in timeline,
or deviation from recommended best practices may occur
during the course of a project. These scenarios have a direct

Risk Report

impact on the project resource model and on securing adequate
internal personnel or consultants in a timely manner and could
therefore prove challenging.

As aresult of these and other risks, SAP and/or some of our
customers have incurred significant implementation costs in
connection with the purchase and installation of SAP software
products. Also, some customers’ implementations have taken
longer than planned. We cannot guarantee that we can reduce
or eliminate protracted installation or significant third-party
consulting costs, that trained consultants will be readily
available, that our costs will not exceed the fees agreed in fixed-
price contracts, or that customers will be satisfied with the
implementation. Unsuccessful, lengthy, or costly customer
implementation projects could result in claims from customers,
harm SAP's reputation, and cause a loss of future profit as

well as the failure of SAP to achieve its operating profit target.

Our customers continue to follow project approaches to
optimize their IT solutions in a non-disruptive manner. Also,
our projects include risk management processes that are
integrated into SAP project management methods intended to
safeguard implementations with coordinated risk and quality
management programs. In our opinion, we make adequate
financial planning provisions for the remaining individual risks.
We estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
unlikely, but we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have a major negative impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause

a negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

137


--- Page 133 ---

Product and Technology Risks

There is a risk that undetected security vulnerabilities
shipped and deployed within our software products cause
customer damage.

Customer systems or systems operated by SAP itself to provide
services could potentially be compromised by vulnerabilities if
they are exploited by hackers. This could lead to theft, destruc-
tion, or abuse of data, or systems could be rendered unusable
(such as denial of service attack). If our software, our customers’
systems, or SAP systems used in the provision of services

to customers are exploited by hackers, this could prevent us
from meeting our contractual obligations as well as harm our
reputation, and adversely impact our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

SAP has implemented a software security development lifecycle
as a mandatory and integral part of our software development
process. SAP systematically uses methods to develop secure
software in all development phases, starting early in the design
phase. This includes industry best practices such as automated
security source code scans, mandatory security training for all
developers, and solid testing and validation of our products and
services before shipment.

SAP has a software security response process in place with a
dedicated team that monitors against vulnerabilities across
several time zones around the globe. If a vulnerability is detected,
the team reacts rapidly to provide fixes as quickly as possible.
Despite all of these measures, we cannot completely exclude
the possibility of a negative impact on both our customers’ and
our own operations globally or in one or more countries or
regions. We estimate the probability of occurrence of the risk
of severe customer damage to be unlikely. If such an occurrence
happens, it could have a business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows,
or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and operating
profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

138

Undetected defects or delays in the introduction of new
products and product enhancements could increase our
costs and reduce customer demand.

To achieve market acceptance and high customer satisfaction,
our new products and product enhancements often require
long development and testing periods. Development work and
market introduction are subject to risks. For example, products
might not completely meet our stringent quality standards,
might not fulfill market needs or customer expectations, or might
not comply with local standards and requirements. Furthermore,
this risk exists with respect to acquired companies’ technologies
and products where we might not be able to manage these

as quickly and successfully as expected. Therefore, market
launches, entering new markets, or the introduction of new
innovations could be delayed or not be successful.

Also, new products could contain undetected defects or they
might not be mature enough from the customer's point of view
for business-critical solutions. In some circumstances, we might
not be ina position to rectify such defects or entirely meet the
expectations of customers specifically as we are expanding our
product portfolio towards additional markets. As a result, we
might be faced with customer claims for cash refunds, damages,
replacement software, or other concessions. The risk of defects
and their adverse consequences could increase as we seek to
introduce a variety of new software products simultaneously
at a higher innovation rate. Significant undetected defects or
delays in introducing new products or product enhancements
could affect market acceptance of SAP software products

and lead to failure of SAP to achieve our future operating profit
target.

The use of existing SAP software products by customers in
business-critical solutions and processes and the relative
complexity and technical interdependency of our software
products create a risk that customers or third parties may
pursue warranty, performance, or other claims against us for
actual or alleged defects in SAP software products, in our

Combined Management Report


--- Page 134 ---

provision of services, or in our application hosting services.
We have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to
warranty, performance, or other similar claims.

Although our contracts generally contain provisions designed
to limit our exposure due to actual or alleged defects in SAP
software products or in our provision of services, these provisions
may not cover every eventuality or be effective under the
applicable law. Regardless of its merits, any claim could entail
substantial expense and require the devotion of significant
time and attention by key management personnel. Publicity
surrounding such claims could affect our reputation and the
demand for our software.

We counter these risks using a broad range of techniques,
including project management, project monitoring, rigi
and regular quality assurance measures certified to ISO
9001:2008, and program risk assessments during product
development as well as market introduction phases. In addition,
direct customer feedback is considered in the market release
decision process. Delivering high-quality software products is a
priority and part of our core business. Our strong investment
and permanent efforts lead to a generally high level of quality
of our products which is made transparent in the define
Quality Perception & Support Index and confirmed by our
constantly high customer satisfaction ratings as measured by
the Customer Quality Perception reporting. In view of these
measures, we believe that the likelihood that this risk will
materialize is remote but we cannot completely exclude the
possibility that this risk, if it were to occur, could have a
business-critical impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this
risk as amedium risk.

Risk Report

Changes in our rights to use software and technologies we
license from third parties, which are an integral part of SAP’s
products, could increase the time required to develop or
release products, diminish their functional capabilities, or
require us to pay higher license fees.

We have licensed numerous third-party technologies and we
use open source software, which both have become an integral
part of our product portfolio. We depend on those technologies
for the functionality of our software. Changes to or the loss of
third-party licenses as well as used open source licenses being
construed could significantly increase in the cost of these
licenses and significantly reduce software functionality and/or
usability of SAP's software products. As a result, we might incur
additional development or license costs to ensure the continued
functionality of our products which could prevent us from

meeting our operating profit target. This risk increases when we

acquire a company or acom

which had been subject to
open source software, and
our own.

We strive to execute appro}
management processes ani

any’s intellectual property assets
third-party technology licensing,
roduct standards less rigorous than

riate due diligence and contract
to continuously monitor develop-

ment projects through our product implementation lifecycle
process. We believe that the probability of occurrence of this
risk is unlikely; however, we cannot exclude the possibility of a
major negative impact on our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows, or the possibility of a negative deviation from
our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this risk as
amedium risk.

If we are unable to keep up with rapid technological
innovations, new business models, and market expectations,
we might not be able to compete effectively.

Our future success continues to depend on our ability to keep
pace with technological innovations and new business models,
as well as the ability to enhance and expand our existing prod-
ucts and services. It also depends on our ability to introduce new
solutions, technologies, and services that are broadly accepted
in the market and that satisfy changing customer requirements.

139


--- Page 135 ---

We might not be successful in bringing new solutions,
solution enhancements, and/or services to market before our
competitors, and might not be able to generate enough
revenue to offset the significant research and development
costs we incur. Moreover, we might not anticipate and develop
technological improvements or succeed in adapting our
products to technological change, changing regulatory
requirements, emerging industry standards, and changing
customer requirements. Finally, we might not succeed in
producing high-quality products, enhancements, and releases
in a timely and cost-effective manner to compete with
solutions and other technologies offered by our competitors.

We will continue to align our organization, processes, products,
and services to changing markets and customer demands.
Furthermore, we invent new technology or adopt latest
technology if there is a clear business opportunity for SAP and
if it provides value to our customers. In addition, we still
conduct wide-ranging market and technology analyses and
research projects, seeking to ensure that we remain competitive
in the future. We strive for strategic acquisitions to drive
innovation and to achieve our growth targets. In view of these
measures, we believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing
is remote; however, we cannot exclude the potential business-
critical impact this risk would have on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or the potential
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit target
if it were to materialize. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Our technology strategy might not succeed or customers
might not adopt our technology platform offering if we
are unable to keep up with technological innovations or
successfully compete in the market.

Our technology strategy centers on the SAP HANA in-memory
computing platform, a real-time platform for analytics and
applications. Its success depends on the convergence with SAP
Mobile Platform, our cloud platform, and the SAP NetWeaver®
technology platform as well as the delivery of SAP solutions
based on the SAP HANA platform. Our technology strategy
also relies on our ability to maintain a dynamic network of ISVs
developing their own business applications using our platform
technology.

140

We might not be successful in enabling the complete product
portfolio for SAP HANA and bringing new solutions based on
the SAP HANA platform to the market as fast as expected. As
a result, our partner organizations and customers might not
adopt the SAP HANA platform quickly enough and our com-
petitors could introduce successful in-memory solutions to
the market faster than us. As a result, we might not achieve our
revenue targets.

We believe that we will be able to deliver additional business
value with minimum disruption to our customers if we can suc-
cessfully drive the integration and convergence of our platform
offerings, enable our current product portfolio for SAP HANA,
and develop new solutions based on SAP HANA. In addition, we
enable and encourage ISV partners to leverage SAP technology
by providing guidance about business opportunities, architecture,
and technology as well as a comprehensive certification
program designed to ensure that third-party solutions are of
consistently high quality. In view of these measures, we believe
that the likelihood of this risk materializing is remote and that

if this risk were to occur, its potential negative impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and
revenue and operating profit target would potentially

be business-critical. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Our cloud offerings might be subject to a security attack,
become unavailable, or fail to perform properly.

The software used in our cloud portfolio is inherently complex

and any defects in product functionality or system stability that

cause interruptions in the availability of our application suite

could result in the following:

— Lost or delayed market acceptance and sales

— Breach of warranty or other contract breach or
misrepresentation claims

Combined Management Report


--- Page 136 ---

— Sales credits or refunds to our customers

— Loss of customers

— Diversion of development and customer service resources
— Injury to our reputation

The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors might

be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results.
Because of the large amount of data that we collect and manage,
it is possible that hardware failures, defects in our software, or
errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption,

or cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or
contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as significant.
Furthermore, the availability of our application suite could be
interrupted by a number of factors, including customers’ inability
to access the Internet, the failure of our network or software
systems due to human or other error, and security breaches, or
variability in user traffic for our application suite. Additionally,
any loss of the right to use hardware purchased or leased from
third parties could result in delays in our ability to provide our
application suite until equivalent technology is either developed
by us or, if available, identified.

While we have administrative, technical, and physical security
measures in place, as well as contracts that require third party
data centers to have appropriate security measures in place, if
these security measures are breached as a result of third-party
action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a
result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our customers’
data, including personally identifiable information regarding
users, our reputation could be damaged, our business may
suffer, and we could incur significant liability.

In addition, our insurance coverage might not cover claims
against us for loss or security breach of data or other indirect
or consequential damages and defending a suit, regardless

of its merit, could be costly and time-consuming. In addition to
potential liability, if we experience interruptions in the availability
of our application suite, our reputation could be harmed and
we could lose customers. As a result, we might not achieve our
revenue and operating profit target.

Risk Report

Our mitigation measures have been designed and implemented
to minimize such negative impacts. We are consolidating and
harmonizing our data centers to run a homogeneous landscape
that supports the complex infrastructure and application
requirements to deliver the required service level for Cloud
solutions. Although we estimate the probability of occurrence
of this risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the
possibility that any disruption of our Cloud operations could
result in a business-critical impact on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, cash flows, and revenue and operating
profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk. This risk
factor relates only to our cloud division combining the Cloud
Applications and Ariba segments.

Operational Risks

Third parties have claimed, and might claim in the future,
that we infringe their intellectual property rights, which
could lead to damages being awarded against us and limit
our ability to use certain technologies in the future.

We continue to believe that we will increasingly be subject

to intellectual property infringement claims as the number of
products in our industry segment grows, as we acquire
companies, with increased use of third-party code including
open source code, as we expand into new industry segments
with our products, resulting in greater overlap in the functional
scope of products, and as non-practicing entities that do not
design, manufacture, or distribute products increasingly assert
intellectual property infringement claims.

141


--- Page 137 ---

Any claims, with or without merit, and negotiations or litigation
relating to such claims, could preclude us from utilizing certain
technologies in our products, be time-consuming, result in
costly litigation, and require us to pay damages to third parties,
stop selling or reconfigure our products and, under certain
circumstances, pay fines and indemnify our customers. They
could also require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrange-
ments on terms that are not favorable to us, cause product
shipment delays, subject our products to injunctions, require a
complete or partial redesign of products, result in delays to our
customers’ investment decisions, and damage our reputation.

Software includes many components or modules that provide
different features and perform different functions. Some of
these features or functions may be subject to third-party
intellectual property rights. The rights of another party could
encompass technical aspects that are similar to one or more
technologies in one or more of our products. Intellectual property
rights of third parties could preclude us from using certain
technologies in our products or require us to enter into royalty
and licensing arrangements on unfavorable or expensive
terms.

The software industry is making increasing use of open source
software in its development work on solutions. We also integrate
certain open source software components from third parties
into our software. Open source licenses may require that the
software code in those components or the software into which
they are integrated be freely accessible under open source
terms. Third-party claims may require us to make freely
accessible under open source terms a product of ours or
non-SAP software upon which we depend.

142

SAP continues to expand its participation in standards
organizations and increase the use of such standards in its
products. Participation in standards organizations might require
the licensing of SAP's intellectual property to contributors to
the standard and to all standards implementers, including
competitors, on a non-discriminatory basis in accordance with
licensing terms defined by standards organizations. Within

the software-related standards field, there is a trend toward
expanding the scope of licensing obligations and narrowing an
intellectual property owner's right to revoke a license if sued by
a licensee. In certain situations, limitations on SAP's rights to
revoke a license could reduce SAP’s ability to assert a patent
infringement claim against a third party. Assertion of patents
inadvertently licensed through standards could expose SAP to
third-party claims.

Our global compliance office is responsible for constantly
assessing and managing risks associated with third-party intel-
lectual property. It works closely with our Global Governance,
Risk & Compliance organization. The global compliance office
investigates the way we handle intellectual property, sets
internal policies, and monitors compliance with these policies.
However, we consider the probability of this risk materializing
to be likely, and that any claims concerning intellectual property
rights of third parties, open source requirements, or certain
standards could potentially have a business-critical impact on
our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and revenue
and operating profit target and could also exacerbate the
other risks we describe in this report. We classify this risk as a
high risk.

For more information about infringements related to intellectual
property, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial State-
ments section, Notes (23).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 138 ---

Claims and lawsuits against us could have a material
negative impact on our business, financial position, profit,
cash flows, and reputation.

Claims and lawsuits are brought against us, including claims
and lawsuits involving businesses we have acquired. Adverse
outcomes to some or all of the claims and lawsuits pending
against us might result in the award of significant damages or
injunctive relief against us that could hinder our ability to con-
duct our business.

The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is
intrinsically uncertain. Management's view of the litigation
may also change in the future. Actual outcomes of litigation
and other claims or lawsuits could differ from the assessments
made by management in prior periods.

We consider the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
likely, and cannot exclude its potential business-critical impact
on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, cash
flows, and revenue and operating profit target if it were to
materialize. We classify this risk as a high risk.

We might not acquire and integrate companies effectively
or successfully and our strategic alliances might not be
successful.

To expand our business, we have in the past made acquisitions

of businesses, products, and technologies. We expect to

continue to make such acquisitions in the future. Management's

negotiation of potential acquisitions and alliances and

integration of acquired businesses, products, or technologies

demands time, focus, and resources of management and of the

workforce. Acquisitions of companies, businesses, and

technology expose us to unpredictable operational difficulties,

expenditures, and risks. These risks include, among others:

— The selection of the wrong integration model for the acquired
company

— The failure to integrate the acquired business and its different
business and licensing models

— The failure to integrate the acquired technologies or products
with our current products and technologies

Risk Report

- The failure to integrate the acquired company’s operations
across SAP's different cultures, languages, and local protocols,
all within the constraints of applicable local laws

— The failure to meet the needs of the acquired company’s
customers and partners in the combined company

— The diversion of management's time and attention from daily
operations
— The loss of key personnel of the acquired business

— Material unknown liabilities and contingent liabilities of acquired
companies, including legal, tax, accounting intellectual
property, or other significant liabilities that may not be
detected through the due diligence process

— Legal and regulatory constraints (such as contract
obligations, privacy frameworks and agreements, and so on)
Difficulties in implementing, restoring, or maintaining internal
controls, procedures, and policies
Practices or policies of the acquired company that may be
incompatible with our compliance requirements

Negative impact on relationships with existing customers,
partners, or third-party providers of technology or products
Difficulties in integrating the acquired company’s accounting,
human resource, and other administrative systems and
coordination of the acquired company’s research and
development (R & D), sales, and marketing functions

— Debt incurrence or significant cash expenditures

In addition, acquired businesses might not perform as
anticipated, resulting in charges for the impairment of goodwill
and other intangible assets on our statements of financial
position. Such charges may have a significant negative impact
on operating profit. We have entered into, and expect to
continue to enter into, alliance arrangements for a variety of
purposes, including the development of new products and
services. There can be no assurance that any such products or
services will be successfully developed or that we will not incur
significant unanticipated liabilities in connection with such
arrangements. We may not be successful in overcoming these
risks and we may therefore not benefit as anticipated from
acquisitions or alliances.

143


--- Page 139 ---

We counter these acquisition-related risks with many different
methodological and organizational measures. These include
technical, operational, financial, and legal due diligence on the
company or assets to be acquired and a holistic evaluation of
material transaction and integration risks. The methods we use
depend on the integration scenario. Our integration planning is
detailed and standardized, and carried out by a dedicated
integration team. We therefore believe we have minimized this
risk. Although we estimate this risk to be unlikely, we cannot
completely exclude the possibility that this risk could have a
major negative impact on our business, financial position,
profit, cash flows, and revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

We may not be able to obtain adequate title to or licenses in,
or to enforce, intellectual property.

Protecting and defending our intellectual property is crucial to
our success. We use a variety of means to identify and monitor
potential risks and to protect our intellectual property. These
include applying for patents, registering trademarks and
other marks and copyrights, implementing measures to stop
copyright and trademark infringement, entering into licensing,
confidentiality, and non-disclosure agreements, and deploying
protection technology. Despite our efforts, we might not

be able to prevent third parties from obtaining, using, or selling
without authorization what we regard as our proprietary
technology and information. All of these measures afford

only limited protection, and our proprietary rights could be
challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, or otherwise
affected. Some intellectual property might be vulnerable to
disclosure or misappropriation by employees, partners, or
other third parties. Also, third parties might independently
develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or
superior to our technology. Finally, third parties might
reverse-engineer or otherwise obtain and use technology and
information that we regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we
might not be able to protect our proprietary rights against
unauthorized third-party copying or utilization, which could
have a material negative impact on

144

our competitive position and our financial position, and result
in reduced sales. Any legal action we bring to enforce our
proprietary rights could also involve enforcement against a
partner or other third party, which may have a material
negative effect on our ability, and our customers’ ability, to use
that partner's or other third parties’ products. In addition,

the laws and courts of certain countries may not offer effective
means to enforce our intellectual property rights.

We rely on a combination of the protections provided by
applicable statutory and common law rights, including

trade secret, copyright, patent, and trademark laws, license
and non-disclosure agreements, and technical measures to
establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products. We
ave established various internal programs, such as internal
olicies, processes, and monitoring, to assess and manage the
risks associated with standards organizations, open source,
and third party intellectual property.

We may be dependent in the aggregate on technology that we
icense from third parties that is embedded into our products
or that we resell to our customers. We have licensed and will
continue to license numerous third-party software products
that we incorporate into and/or distribute with our existing
roducts. We endeavor to protect ourselves in the respective
agreements by obtaining certain rights in case such agreements
are terminated.

We are party to certain patent cross-license agreements with
certain third parties. In spite of our measures in place and
intellectual property (IP) strategy, we estimate the probability
of this risk occurring as likely, and that it could have a
business-critical impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, cash flows, and revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a high risk.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 140 ---

SAP's business strategy focuses on certain business models
that are highly dependent on a working cyberspace. A
cyber-security breach could have a significant negative
impact on our customers, our reputation, and our business.

The key cyber-security risks currently applicable to SAP include
industrial espionage, leakage of confidential information and
intellectual property, defective products, production downtimes,
supply shortages, compromised data, and cyber-attacks against
on-premise, hosted, and cloud services. A failure of SAP's cyber-
security measures could expose SAP's business operations and
service delivery to the described risks, for example, virtual
attack, disruption, damage and/or unauthorized access. Addi-
tionally, SAP could be subject to recovery costs, for example, as
well as significant contractual and legal claims by customers,
partners, authorities, and third-party service providers for dam-
ages against us.

To address the increasing cyber-security threats, SAP is
continuously adapting and modifying its security procedures.
We have multiple security measures in place, such as technical
IT security measures, identity and access management,

and security awareness campaigns. In addition, SAP has
implemented a security governance model to define clear
security management accountabilities for product, corporate,
cloud delivery, and data protection, which enables SAP to
respond quickly to identify cyber-security risks. Although we
consider the occurrence of this risk to be unlikely, in view of our
security measures in place, we cannot completely exclude

the possibility that this risk could have a business-critical
impact on our business, financial position, profit, and cash
flows. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Risk Report

We may not be able to protect our critical information
and assets or to safeguard our business operations against
disruption.

SAP is dependent on the exchange of a wide range of informa-
tion across our global operations and on the availability of our
infrastructure. There is a danger of industrial espionage, social
engineering, misuse, or theft of information or assets, or dam-
age to assets by trespassers in our facilities or by people who
have gained unauthorized physical access to our facilities, sys-
tems, or information. Therefore, we are required to implement
several protection measures designed to ensure the security of
our information, IT and facility infrastructure, and other assets.

To minimize these risks, we have implemented several technical
and organizational measures, which include, for example,
physical access control systems at facilities, multilevel access
controls, closed-circuit television surveillance, and security
personnel in all critical areas. Access to information and
information systems is controlled using authorization concepts.
Managers and employees are regularly sensitized to the issues
and given appropriate training. We keep these measures
under continuous review to meet current threats. Although
we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that any
misuse, theft, or breach of security could have a moderate
negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Our insurance coverage might not be sufficient and
uninsured losses may occur.

We maintain insurance coverage to protect us against a broad
number of risks, at levels we believe are appropriate and
consistent with current industry practice. Our objective is to
exclude or minimize risk of financial loss at reasonable cost.
However, we may incur losses that are beyond the limits, or
outside the scope of coverage of such insurance and that may
limit or prevent indemnification under our insurance policies.
In addition, we might not be able to maintain adequate

145


--- Page 141 ---

insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms in the
future. Further, certain categories of risks are currently not
insurable at reasonable cost. Finally, there can be no assurance
of the financial ability of the insurance companies to meet
their claim payment obligations.

In view of the scope of our insurance coverage and our selection
of insurers, and because we keep our insurance programs
under constant review, we believe that the likelihood of this risk
materializing is remote. However, we cannot exclude the
possibility of a potential business-critical impact on our business,
financial position, profit, cash flows, and operating profit
target if the risk were to occur. We classify this risk as a medium
risk.

We could incur significant losses in connection with venture
capital investments.

We plan to continue investing in technology businesses through
our partnership with SAP Ventures. Many of these investments
generate net losses and require additional capital outlay from
their investors. Changes to planned business operations have in
the past, and also may in the future, affect the performance of
companies in which SAP Ventures holds investments, and that
could negatively affect the value of our investments in SAP
Ventures. Moreover, for tax purposes, the use of capital losses
and impairments of equity securities is often restricted, which
may adversely affect our effective tax rate.

Because of the limited scope of our venture capital activities,
we believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is remote
and that if the risk were to occur, its potential negative impact
on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and
operating profit target would be minor. SAP Ventures helps us
address this risk by diversifying its portfolio and actively
managing our investments. We classify this risk as a low risk.

146

Consolidated Risk Profile

Management Assessment of Overall Risks

and Opportunities

SAP consolidates and aggregates all risks reported by

the different business units and functions following our risk
management policy monitored by a Group-wide risk
management governance function.

Compared to previous years, we recognized merely minor
changes in 2012 for the percentages of all risks categorized as
“high” or “medium” in our risk level matrix. At the end of the
year, the number of risks categorized as “high” accounted for
9% (2011: 8%) of all identified risks, while the risks categorized
as “medium” accounted for 34% (2011: 31%) of all identified
risks.

In our view, considering their likelihood of occurrence and
impact level, the risks described in our aggregated risk report
do not individually or cumulatively threaten our ability to
continue as a going concern. Management remains confident
that the Group's earnings strength forms a solid basis for our
future business development and provides the necessary
resource to pursue the opportunities available to the Group.
Because of our strong position in the market, our technological
leadership, our highly motivated employees, and our structured
processes for early risk identification, we are confident that

we can continue to successfully counter the challenges arising
from the risks in our risk profile in 2013.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 142 ---

Supplementary
Report

No events have occurred after December 31, 2012, which have
a material significance for the Group's assets, finances, and
operating results.

Supplementary Report

Outlook

FUTURE TRENDS IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY

Given the growing demand and the financial markets’ increasing
confidence in a positive future, the global economy is expected
to recover gradually in 2013 according to the European Central
Bank (ECB). Growth momentum will nevertheless be moderate,
with emerging countries expected to grow more strongly than
industrialized countries.

In the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the
economy of the euro area is expected to have a slow start to
2013, chiefly because of the ongoing debt crisis in southern
European countries, a low level of investor and consumer
confidence, and dampened export demand. A gradual recovery
is expected later in the year if consumer spending and

export demand are strong enough to restore confidence to the
financial markets. Economic progress will be uneven in the
Middle East and Africa because the political situation in the
various countries is so different.

Looking at the Americas region, it is anticipated that the U.S.
economy will continue its moderate recovery in 2013. Domestic
demand is expected to bounce back and the situation in the
labor market will brighten. Latin America is also expected to
enjoy rapid growth again in 2013. It is likely to benefit from the
gradual improvement in the global economic outlook as well

as from the less stringent monetary policies applied by some
governments.

In the Asia-Pacific-Japan (APJ) region, the Japanese economy
is expected to continue to recover gradually in 2013, helped by
rising global demand. China and other emerging economies
will likewise see stronger markets, supported by stable domestic
spending, various stimulus measures, and improving conditions
for exporters.

» Unless otherwise indicated, all economic information in this section is based on information from
the European Central Bank (ECB),

147


--- Page 143 ---

IT MARKET: THE OUTLOOK FOR 2013

The global IT market is expected to continue to expand in 2013
at about the same pace as in the previous year, according to
IDC, outpacing growth in the global economy. Markets for PCs,
servers, and IT services are expected to grow more strongly in
2013 than in 2012, and software spending is likely to remain
stable. The IT market, like the economy, is expected to expand
more in the emerging countries than in the industrialized
countries.

Because the economy of the euro area is expected to be
sluggish, in 2013 the IT market in the EMEA region is expected
to grow relatively slowly in comparison with the world IT market
but to outperform the region's economy as a whole once again.
Expectations for the IT services segment in the EMEA region
are modest, while software revenues are likely to outperform
the IT market average.

The economic crisis in Europe is expected to have an effect

in the Americas region in 2013 as well, and again impair growth
in the market for IT. But growth rates in the market for IT

are expected to still be higher in the Americas region than
sewhere. The U.S. IT market is expected to recover in 2013
nd to achieve high single-digit percentage growth, driven by

n upswing in the PC market and a continuing high level of
lemand for smartphones and software.

anno

spending in the APJ region is expected to grow at a noticeably
slower pace in 2013 than in 2012, but still faster than the econ-
omy as a whole. The IT market in Japan is expected to reach
just positive growth rates, although the hardware segment is
expected to contract by a percentage in the lower single-digit
range. Spending on software, on the other hand, is expected to
increase at a similar pace as in 2012, while spending on IT
services will grow more strongly. Growth in IT spending in China
is expected to continue to slow in 2013. The software and
services segments are expected to expand slightly quicker than
in 2012.

148

IMPACT ON SAP
SAP expects to outperform the global economy and IT industry
again in 2013. Thanks to the innovation strategy we have put

in place and our clear customer focus, we are confident we can
achieve the targets we have set short-term for 2013 and
medium-term for 2015 — as long as the economic environment
and IT industry develop as currently forecast. Diversified in
terms of regions as well as industries, we are well positioned to
absorb the occasional minor fluctuation in the global economy
and IT market.

Acomparison of our planned performance with forecasts for
the global economy and IT industry shows that with our five

market categories — Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and
Database and Technology — we are successful in a tough eco-

nomic environment. Our market, and thus t!

e demands of our

customers, are changing rapidly. We anticipated these changes

at an early date, and realigned our business with our innovation
strategy in time to meet the needs of our customers. In addition,
SAP will continue to invest in countries in which we expect
significant growth and we aim to expand our market share in
those countries. Such countries include Brazil, China, India,
Russia, as well as countries in Africa and the Middle East. We
therefore expect to see further future growth potential helping
us to reach our ambitious 2013 outlook and medium-term
aspirations for 2015. For more information, see the Operational
Targets for 2013 (Non-IFRS) section.

FORECAST FOR SAP

Strategy for Profitable Growth

SAP seeks profitable growth across its portfolio of products
and services. Our goal is to double our addressable market to
US$230 billion and increase the number of people who use
and benefit from SAP solutions to one billion by 2015. Our
ability to deliver software-based innovation and value in target
growth areas of applications, analytics, mobile, cloud, and
database and technology, positions us favorably in segments
of the enterprise market that offer a higher growth potential
than is forecast for the overall IT market, or indeed the global
gross domestic product (GDP) growth rates. SAP continues to
invest and increase its presence and market share in countries
experiencing higher than average growth, such as Brazil, China,
India, and Russia, and in the Middle East and Africa.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 144 ---

SAP's continued growth depends on our ability to deliver
innovative solutions to market and drive ongoing value for
our customers. We continue to improve our research and
development effectiveness, working in leaner teams to
accelerate innovation cycles and engage more closely with
our customers. We are also investing in our go-to-market
channels to expand capacity and drive greater volume sales,
while expanding our technology partner ecosystem to foster
co-innovation as a force multiplier for creating additional
business value for our customers.

The success of SAP and our customers depends on our people —
whom we consider our most important asset. Our employees
spark our innovation, deliver value to our customers, and drive
our sustainable growth and profitability. The correlation
between our continued business success and our ability to
attract, retain, and engage top talent is so strong that the latter
is acontinuous focus area for improvement. Therefore, we
continue to execute our people strategy to set us apart in vital
areas such as leadership development, career advancement,
workforce diversity, and human resources processes. These
areas drive our employees to be at their very best. This high
level of performance is essential if we are to realize our
ambitious growth strategy and further enhance our ability to
innovate.

Go-to-Market Investment Delivers Customer Value

SAP goes to market by region, customer segment, and industry.
In each region, we concentrate our sales efforts on the
fastest-growing markets with the most business and revenue
potential. We evolve and invest in our go-to-market coverage
model to effectively sell industry-specific solutions while
increasing our engagement with customers in line-of-business
functions (for example, human resources, sales, and
marketing) and users of analytics. We continue to provide
companies of any size — small, midsize, and large — with
choice-offering new software solution options that align to their
specific budgetary, resource, and deployment requirements.

Outlook

Greater Volume and Co-Innovation Through

an Open Ecosystem

SAP continues to engage an expanding partner ecosystem to
increase market coverage, enhance our solutions portfolio, and
spur innovation. SAP and its vibrant partner ecosystem offer
greater choice and business value through the power of co-
innovation, appealing to customers that want to avoid being
“locked in” to a single vendor. SAP channel partners offer
customers knowledgeable local delivery of solutions across
industries and lines of business. SAP technology partners
continue to drive our research agenda, enhance the SAP solution
portfolio, and monetize new technology breakthroughs.

Organic Growth and Targeted Acquisitions

Organic growth remains the primary driver of SAP’s strategy.
We continue to invest in our own product development and tech-
nology innovation, improving the speed, number of projects, and
innovations brought to market. Our open ecosystem strategy
enables us to better leverage our innovation by extending it to
our partners to drive additional customer value, based on their
own domain expertise. We will also continue to acquire targeted,
strategic, and “fill-in” technology to add to our broad solution
offerings and improve our coverage in key strategic markets to
best support our customers’ needs. From time to time we also
consider larger acquisitions that expand our business into new
markets. On that front, we will be concentrating on successfully
integrating SuccessFactors and Ariba with the goal of accelerating
our cloud business in 2013 and beyond.

149


--- Page 145 ---

OPERATIONAL TARGETS FOR 2013 (NON-IFRS)

Revenue and Operating Profit Outlook

The Executive Board is providing the following outlook for the

full year 2013 from today's perspective:

— The Company expects full-year 2013 non-IFRS software and

cloud subscription revenue to increase in a range of 14%

to 20% at constant currencies (2012: €5.00 billion). The full

year 2013 non-IFRS cloud subscription and support revenue

contributing to this growth is expected to be around

€750 million at constant currencies (2012: €343 million).

— The Company expects full-year 2013 non-IFRS software and

software-related service revenue to increase in a range of

% to 13% at constant currencies (2012: €13.25 billion).

— The Company expects full-year 2013 non-IFRS operating

profit to be in a range of €5.85 billion to €5.95 billion at

constant currencies (2012: €5.21 billion).

— The Company projects a full-year 2013 IFRS effective tax rate
of 25.5% to 26.5% (2012: 26.2%) and anon-IFRS effective
tax rate of 27.0% to 28.0% (2012: 27.5%).

a

We expect our professional services and other service revenue
to grow in the low single-digit percentages range. But we also
believe that the anticipated rise in software and software-related
service revenue will bring about a significant increase in total
revenue in 2013.

150

We expect that total revenue (non-IFRS) will continue to
depend largely on the revenues from the On-Premise Products
segment. The expected growth in revenue from this segment,
however, is below the outlook provided for software and cloud
subscription revenue (non-IFRS). Keeping in line with the growth
rate for professional services and other service revenue, we
do not expect to see strong growth in the On-Premise Services
segment.

Looking at our above forecast for cloud subscriptions and
support revenue (non-IFRS, at constant currencies), we
anticipate a similar level of growth for segment revenues in the
Cloud division (combining the Cloud Applications and Ariba
segments). Particularly strong growth results are expected in
the Ariba segment, since we only began including Ariba figures
in the 2012 segment revenues at the beginning of the fourth
quarter following the first consolidation.

We expect an increase in segment profit in our On-Premise
division with the On-Premise Products segment profit growing
faster than the On-Premise Services segment which is expected
to only experience a slight profit improvement. The Cloud
division is expected to achieve, for the first time, a positive
segment profit resulting from a reduced segment loss in the
cloud application segment and a strong increase in the Ariba
segment profit.

We expect that software revenue from SAP HANA will range
between €650 million to €700 million (2012: €392 million) in
2013.

We present the following reconciliation from our 2012 IFRS
software and cloud subscription revenue, IFRS software and
software-related service revenue, IFRS total revenue, and
IFRS operating profit to the non-IFRS equivalents to facilitate
comparison between IFRS financial measures and the
non-lFRS financial measures in our 2013 outlook:

Combined Management Report


--- Page 146 ---

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for 2012

€ millions, unless otherwise stated

IFRS Financial Support Revenue Operating Discontinued Non-IFRS
Measure Not Recorded Expenses? Activities? Financial Measure

Under IFRS
Software and cloud subscription revenue 4,928 73 na. na. 5,001
Software and software-related service revenue 13,165 81 na. na. 13,246
Total revenue® 16,223 81 na. na 16,304
Operating profit 4,065 81 1,067 0 5,214

Included in operating expenses are acquisition-related charges, share-based payment expenses, and restructuring charges.
2 These financial measures are the numerator or the denominator in the calculation of our IFRS and non-IFRS operating margin, and are included in this table for transparency.

» The discontinued activities include the results of our discontinued TomorrowNow business,

Non-IFRS Measures

Investment Goals

Excepting acquisitions, our planned capital expenditures for
2013 and 2014 can be covered in full by operating cash flow
and will chiefly be spent on increasing data center capacity in
our locations in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, United States,

and St. Leon-Rot, Germany, and on renovating our office

building in Vancouver, Canada, with a planned investment of

approximately €59 million.

€ millions
Estimated Actual Amounts for
Amounts for 2013 2012
Deferred revenue write-down 65 to75 81
Discontinued activities <10 ie}
Share-based payment expenses 500 to 540 522
Acquisition-related charges 510 to 530 537
Restructuring charges 25 to 30 8

As part of our growth and innovation strategy, we plan to spend

Goals for Liquidity and Finance

We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn
credit facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating
financing needs also in 2013 and, together with expected
cash flows from operations, will support our currently planned
capital expenditure requirements over the near term and
medium term.

We intend to reduce our financial debt as and when the debt
falls due. We will consider issuing new debt, such as bonds
or U.S. private placements, on an as-needed basis only and if
market conditions are advantageous. We currently have no
concrete plans for future share buybacks.

Outlook

around US$2 billion in China by 2015. This demonstrates our
long-term strategic commitment to China, the world’s
second-largest economy. SAP continues to invest and increase
its presence and market share in countries experiencing high
growth.

Proposed Dividend

We plan to continue our dividend policy, which is that the
payout ratio should be more than 30%.

151


--- Page 147 ---

Premises on Which Our Outlook Is Based

In preparing our outlook, we have taken into account all events
known to us at the time we prepared this report that could
influence SAP's business going forward.

Among the premises on which this outlook is based are those
presented concerning the economy and our expectation

that we will not benefit from any effects in 2013 from a major
acquisition.

OUTLOOK FOR SAP AG
The primary source of revenue for SAP AG is the license fees it
charges subsidiaries for the right to market and maintain SAP
software solutions. Consequently, the performance of SAP AG
in operating terms is closely tied to the software and software-
related service revenue of the SAP Group.

We expect SAP AG product revenue to increase generally in line
with the rise in software and software-related service revenue
anticipated for the SAP Group in 2013. Assuming there are

no special effects relating to acquisitions or internal corporate
restructuring measures in 2013, we also expect SAP AG
operating profit to grow. Provided the SAP Group continues to
hit its revenue and profit targets, we expect SAP AG to
sustain revenue and operating profit growth into the medium
term.

We believe SAP AG, the parent company of the SAP Group, will

receive investment income in the form of profit transfers and

dividends again in the future. The growth we expect from the

SAP Group should have a positive effect on SAP AG investment
income.

152

The outlook projections for the SAP Group in respect of
liquidity, finance, investment, and dividend are equally
applicable to SAP AG.

Among the assumptions underlying this outlook are
those presented above concerning the economy and our
expectations for the performance of the SAP Group.

MEDIUM-TERM PROSPECTS

We expect our business, our revenue, and our profit to grow,
assuming there is a sustained recovery in the global economy.
Our strategic objectives are focused on the following targets:
ncreasing customer success, employee motivation, software
and software-related service revenue, and our operating profit
through greater efficiency and employee productivity by
utilizing lean and design-thinking principles.

From today’s perspective, we are aiming to increase our total
revenue to more than €20 billion by 2015. In the same period,
we aim to widen our non-IFRS operating margin to 35%.

To achieve these goals, we want to further strengthen our
osition in our five market categories and have one billion
users by 2015.

— We want to extend our leadership in the applications
segment.

— We want to extend our market share in analytics.

— We want to extend our leadership in mobile computing.

— We want to become a profitable market leader in cloud
computing, generating around €2 billion total revenue in
this segment by 2015.

Our plan is for indirect sales (partner revenue) to contribute up
to 40% of software revenue by 2015.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 148 ---

In addition to our financial goals, we also focus on two non-
financial targets: Customer success and employee engagement.
We believe it is essential that our employees are engaged, drive
our success, and support our strategy. Therefore, we plan to
increase our employee engagement index score to 82% by
2015 (2012: 79%). In addition, we can only be successful if our
customers are successful. Their satisfaction with the solutions
we offer them builds trust in our innovation capabilities. We
measure customer loyalty with the Net Promoter Score (NPS).
For 2013, we have set a target for increasing the NPS by 8 per-
centage points (2012: 8.9%). As we have been measuring our
NPS since 2012 only, we have not yet defined a target for 2015.

SAP's vision to help the world run better and improve people’s
ives comes to life in product innovation that drives business
value for our customers. By delivering on our product road
map, SAP is powering a market-wide transformation in how
eople and organizations work together and run better. Building
ona track record of innovation, SAP is again at the forefront of
a major shift in the IT sector, away from commoditized hard-
ware and lower value services, toward renewed investment in
differentiating IT — business software that drives efficiency and
usiness transformation.

Outlook

153
