

--- Page 1 ---

Company and Strategy

Our vision

ams envisions a world where technology is an
integral and natural part of daily life, enhancing our
experiences by making our day-to-day lives more
convenient, safe, and environmentally sustain-
able. At ams, we extend the possibilities of analog
and sensors in our quest to design technology

Our company and strategy

ams designs and manufactures high performance
analog ICs for sensors and sensor interfaces, power
management, and wireless.

Taking on the most difficult analog design and
implementation challenges, ams provides highly-
differentiated analog ICs for the consumer,
industrial, medical, and automotive markets.

ams’ analog technology seamlessly connects the
physical world to the digital, creating products that
are designed to revolve around our needs.

ams enhances people's lives by helping them
experience technology as a natural extension of
themselves.

From new smartphone sensor and wireless applica-
tions to breakthrough medical imaging to safer
driving, ams is at the forefront of analog possibili-
ties. Our analog technology is increasingly able to
replicate and expand human sensory perception,
translating the richness and complexity of the
physical world into digital applications.

that responds intuitively and unobtrusively to our
needs. We believe innovation must reflect human
values and we are driven by the idea that technol-
ogy should be a natural extension of who we are,
contributing ultimately to a better quality of life.

ams unites people and technology to enable a
world that is safer, simpler to navigate and more
convenient. With extensive know-how in the areas
of sensors, power management and wireless, ams
pursues its vision through a clear strategy as an
analog company:

ams designs analog solutions for the most challeng-
ing applications in sensors and sensor interfaces,
power management, and wireless, pushing the lim-
its of analog technology to achieve real innovation.

The people of ams are the foundation of the com-
pany’s success in the high performance analog mar-
ket. ams attracts and retains talented analog design
engineers and specialists in all areas of business.
Top engineers feel at home at ams, where solving
complex problems and creating highly differenti-
ated products go hand in hand.

Retaining a long-term perspective to our business,
ams will continue to invest in its people, its design
and process and manufacturing capabilities, and
its close relationships with customers around the


--- Page 2 ---

world even when buffeted by economic cycles

and semiconductor industry volatility. An increas-
ing number of global OEMs and a fast-growing
distribution customer base rely on ams’ expertise as
a leader in analog semiconductors.

ams operates its own semiconductor production
facilities at its headquarters in Austria and in the
Philippines. ams’ proprietary advanced manufactur-
ing processes are critical to high performance ana-
log design and enable the high sensitivity, accuracy,
and integration of its analog solutions that meet
the most stringent quality standards.

ams regards sustainability, responsibility, and envi-
ronmental concerns as key elements of its business.
An industry pioneer in emissions reduction, ams is
on track to achieve its mid-term goal of becoming
100% CO,-neutral. Through the UN Global Compact
and a Code of Conduct, ams implements respon-
sible business practices benefitting all stakeholders.

Fuelled by the creativity and ingenuity of its people,
ams is redefining the possibilities of analog and
sensors.


--- Page 3 ---

People

The people of ams are the company’s greatest
single asset. Fueled by their creativity and ingenu-
ity, ams is at the leading edge of analog semicon-
ductor design and manufacturing. Working within
a culture of experimentation, the people of ams
are encouraged to bring new ideas to all aspects of
their work in order to build solutions for the most
challenging applications in analog and sensor tech-
nology. ams owes its competitive edge and market
success to the combined talents of its people, who
continue to advance technology in the quest to
improve and enhance our lives.

ams recognizes and values the contributions of all
its employees. With a priority to provide everyone
with advancement and development opportunities,
ams offers a wide range of internal and external
training programs in addition to many career paths
within the company. ams also provides regular vo-
cational training positions at its headquarters. ams
is dedicated to helping all employees reach their
full potential and understands that a stimulating
and rewarding professional environment is key to
continued success. In its desire to have its staff ben-
efit from the financial performance of the company,
ams also offers a worldwide profit-sharing model
and a broad-based employee stock option program
as part of its comprehensive remuneration model.

ams appreciates each employee's contribution to
its success and cultivates a culture where its people
can grow professionally and feel valued.

In addition to its dedication to retain and reward
outstanding talent, ams is committed to attract-
ing high quality engineers to join its research and
development groups. ams provides challenging
opportunities for top analog engineers, who are
able to become part of a selective team of expertise
at the forefront of analog technology.

ams lives by a recognized Code of Conduct based
on the commitments of the UN Global Compact
which governs all employee relations and forms a
foundation of trust throughout the company.

With over 1,300 people in Europe, North America,
and Asia-Pacific, ams embraces cultural diversity
and a global perspective. The focus of ams has
always been international, with design centers,
production facilities, and sales locations around the
world and a family of employees comprising over
30 nationalities. ams also understands the cultural
traditions of its global customer base and fosters
close relationships with its partners and employees
built on the principles of cultural awareness and
respect.


--- Page 4 ---

Corporate Responsibility

Ethical professional practices and environmental
responsibility are two fundamental principles that
guide ams’ business approach. ams believes that a
culture built on respect for others and the environ-
ment is an essential corporate model for the 21st
century.

ams is part of the UN Global Compact, the world’s
largest corporate initiative for responsible business
and sustainability. With over 10,000 participants in
more than 130 countries, the UN Global Compact
is committed to human rights, just labor standards,
environmental protection, and anti-corruption
measures. Drawing on the ideals of the Compact,
ams has implemented its own Code of Conduct,
which articulates the stringent standards that
guide all of the company’s activities internally and
externally. ams seeks to build relationships that
are based on trust, transparency, and responsibil-
ity, and requires company-wide adherence to the
tenets of its Code of Conduct.

Dedicated to protecting the environment and the
sustainability of resources, ams has made a com-
mitment to significantly reduce its CO, emissions
and achieve a zero CO, footprint over the coming
years. On its way to this ambitious target, ams
implemented further measures to optimize energy
consumption in the past year. ams is also aggres-
sively promoting efficient energy use throughout
its operations, where innovative ways to reduce
electricity and gas consumption bring about both
environmental as well as cost benefits.

A pioneer in environmental certification, ams is
certified according to ISO 14001 for its locations in
Unterpremstatten, Austria, and Calamba, Philip-
pines. ams also adheres to the standards of the For-
est Stewardship Council for wood products and the
Marine Stewardship Council for staff catering.

ams operates from an intrinsic position of respon-
sibility towards its stakeholders, its employees, and
the environment, enacting initiatives that not only
promote a positive corporate culture, but also a
better world.


--- Page 5 ---

Technology

What distinguishes ams as a semiconductor vendor
are its best-in-class analog and sensor solutions and
its proven commitment to providing customers with
the highest quality support and service. As one of
the leading analog IC companies, ams is at the fore-
front of industry innovation. Expertise in the design
and manufacturing of high performance analog ICs
enables ams to deliver leading edge solutions for its
customers’ most challenging applications.

ams operates its own highly efficient 200mm wafer
production facility at the company headquarters

in Austria. ams’ business growth is also supported
by manufacturing partnerships with the leading
foundries TSMC, UMC and IBM. These partnerships
enable ams to remain flexible in its production plan-
ning and to benefit from a global supply platform,
offering customers attractive and secure sourcing
options.

Specialty CMOS-based processes for high voltage, RF
(silicon germanium), and other requirements allow
ams to create highly differentiated solutions pushing
the limits of analog performance in lowest noise,
highest sensitivity and maximum accuracy.

ams has been a pioneer in full scale production of
TSV (Through Silicon Via) 3D packaging for high
accuracy sensor applications. ams’ TSV technology
was instrumental in developing the company’s
revolutionary medical imaging sensors that offer
dramatically increased sensitivity at significantly
lower radiation doses. Now, TSV 3D packaging is
creating a significant form factor advantage for ams’
optical sensor solutions in mobile device applica-
tions. As part of its manufacturing strategy, ams has
concentrated its in-house final testing activities in
the Philippines and recently completed a significant
expansion to support the continued growth of the
company.

Highest quality in design and production is a key
element of ams’ market reputation. ams has built

a global quality network with dedicated resources
in important geographies and also holds stringent
quality certifications for the automotive and medical
markets.

More than 30 years of analog experience coupled
with ams’ process know-how ensure excellence in
design and manufacturing. ams is driven to provide
its customers with the most advanced analog and
sensor technology of uncompromising performance.

GoPro® outdoor video camera
Power management


--- Page 6 ---



--- Page 7 ---

Global Presence

Germany
Munich so ——————————_

United Kingdom

Spain —

falencia dc

\

Cupertino, CA so
Austin, TX de
Plano, TX so/de
Raleigh, NC so

France

) Vincennes so ————______

Switzerland

Rapperswil so/dc

so sales office
dc design center
tc test center


--- Page 8 ---

Sweden
Sollentuna so

Finland
Helsinki so

Slovenia
Ljubljana de

Italy
———— Corsico so

—— Pavia de
————— Pisa de

/
Hyderabad dc
/

/

ams
Headquarters

Austria
Unterpremstatten so/dc/tc

Singapore so

Taiwan
Taipei so

Philippines

Calamba te ———_—

China
HongKong so
Shenzen so
Shanghai so

Korea
Seoul so

Japan
-— Tokyo so

19


--- Page 9 ---

20

Business Areas

Sensors and Sensor Interfaces
Power Management
Wireless

Industrial Automation
Industrial sensor, position sensor


--- Page 10 ---



--- Page 11 ---

22

Sensors and Sensor Interfaces

ams is a worldwide leader in highly accurate sensor
technology. Sensors and sensor interfaces are at the
core of ams’ purpose, translating the analog world
into electronic systems that improve safety, health,
and environmental protection, and enhance the
overall quality of our lives.

The functionality and convenience of smartphones
and tablet PCs have made these devices fully inte-
grated into our everyday lives. ams’ sensor tech-
nology is at the forefront of innovation extending
our ability to seamlessly interact with our mobile
devices. ams’ light sensors enable the automatic
adjustment of display parameters for a vibrant visual
experience and detect the proximity of objects to
toggle touchscreen activity.

As the world leader in advanced light sensors, ams
offers new RGB color and UV sensing capabilities
that enable innovative applications in the next
generation of devices. At the same time, the use

of light sensors for mobile couponing helps make
shopping easier and more enjoyable. Optical sensor
capabilities available from ams are also supporting
new ways of interacting with mobile devices, such as
gesturing, further advancing how we communicate
with technology.

The user experience of mobile devices is enhanced
by speech recognition and personal assistant func-
tions. Low noise MEMS microphones, which gener-
ate the very high quality signals needed for these
complex audio functions, rely on ams interface solu-
tions for outstanding audio performance. ams’ active

noise cancellation (ANC), a fully analog solution that
provides clear sound regardless of noise levels from
the surrounding environment, further increases the
quality of mobile communication.

ams sensor technology is also behind many advanc-
es in industrial, medical, and automotive systems
where highest sensitivity and integration help push
the limits of technology. ams’ industrial sensors en-
able more effective and efficient automation, which
improves manufacturing quality while decreasing
energy consumption and the environmental impact.
ams’ contactless position sensing technology mea-
sures movement and position with exact precision
in applications for industrial tools, electrical motors,
robotics, surgical systems, and automotive compo-
nents. In specialty areas such as seismic exploration,
ultra-sensitive ams sensor interfaces detect the
lowest levels of sound reflection for the discovery of
natural resources.

In the medical field, breakthrough sensor technol-
ogy pioneered by ams has enabled new diagnostic
possibilities for computed tomography (CT). With
their ability to sense barely detectable signals with
the highest accuracy, ams’ sensors provide signifi-
cantly higher picture quality at radically lower radia-
tion doses. ams sensor solutions are also improving
digital X-ray, mammography, and ultrasound diag-
nostics, helping doctors worldwide treat patients
more successfully.

Automotive sensor solutions developed by ams are
helping to increase safety and comfort by providing

Coll
Laser-based sensor system

n avoidance


--- Page 12 ---

=O
—



--- Page 13 ---

24

amore secure and responsive driving experience.
Contactless systems sense pedal position and im-
prove fuel efficiency while innovative optical-based
technology helps prevent collisions by detecting
external obstacles in time to avoid them.

Across a wide range of applications, ams realizes in-
novation through leading-edge analog technology
and sensor design.


--- Page 14 ---

Power Management

The ease and convenience of technology is highly
dependent on power management in electric

and electronic systems. Greater energy efficiency
is key to enhancing the usefulness of the array of
technology that has become part of our everyday
lives. ams‘ analog expertise and design experience
in power management are extending the possibili-
ties of electronic devices by enabling lower power
consumption and higher performance in a wide
range of products for consumer & communications,
industrial, medical, and automotive systems.

As mobile devices play an increasingly central role
in our private and professional lives, improving their
power efficiency while expanding their capabilities
becomes a critical design goal. ams’ integrated and
discrete lighting and power management solutions
help optimize the power consumption of mobile
devices, bringing longer battery life and exciting
features, such as larger screen sizes, faster graphics
support and better flash picture quality, to a broad
range of designs.

ams successfully launched a new power manage-
ment solution for a leading graphics processor
vendor in the past year, supporting increased
refresh rates for high-resolution display devices. The
solution optimizes the performance of the graphics
processor in a new device architecture for a variety
of screen sizes. Built around ams’ proprietary CMOS
process capabilities, the solution enables high ef-
ficiency at a minimized footprint and answers the
need for advanced high-current handling for the
next generation of mobile devices.

ams power management is designed into the highly
successful GoPro ° outdoor video cameras where it
extends battery life for maximum recording time.
Enhancing the home entertainment experience, ams
lighting solutions are bringing better picture quality

and energy efficiency to HDTVs. ams combines its
light sensor technology with LED backlighting to
adapt the TV picture to the surrounding lighting
environment, further improving picture quality and
reducing power consumption.

Optimized power management is equally important
for electronic systems in the industrial, medical, and
automotive markets. ams'IC solutions for industrial
electronics, sensors and automation include power
management technologies to facilitate better
performance at lower power consumption, saving
costs and reducing environmental impact. For large
medical systems like computed tomography (CT)
scanners, ams’ power management know-how is
creating major advances in energy efficiency. With
its breakthrough medical imaging sensor solutions,
ams enables not only higher picture quality and
lower radiation doses but also a significant reduction
in system power consumption.

In the area of automotive, dedicated power manage-
ment is becoming a necessity to support the rising
number of electronic and electro-mechanical sys-
tems in cars. These additional consumers are placing
increasing demands on a car's electric power supply
while new drive concepts like range extenders re-
quire advanced battery and charging control. Man-
aging electric loads and system health, ams power
management technology contributes to greater fuel
efficiency and reduced environmental impact.

25


--- Page 15 ---

26

Wireless

Wireless technology extends the possibilities and
convenience of mobile devices as well as introduces
new ways to interact with electronic systems in our
everyday lives.

ams’ high performance analog ICs make possible
unique solutions for Radio Frequency Identification
(RFID) and Near Field Communication (NFC), en-
abling technological innovation that enhances our
lives. The ease of integration of ams RFID solutions
significantly reduces the system cost and complexity
of RFID-based systems, which allows for easier adop-
tion in an expanding range of applications using
ams' reader ICs. These include peer to peer systems,
passive and active tag, and antenna boost systems.

At ams, RFID centers on authentication systems
which are seeing increasing adoption in the areas

of logistics, supply chain security, and specialty
consumer goods. Here, ams’ RFID technology helps
identify authentic parts or high value goods, protect-
ing against counterfeit, facilitates warehousing and
shipping, and offers comfort and convenience in our
home lives. From handheld terminals for logistics
tracking clothing through to the retail store to the
latest coffee machines that brew a higher quality
cup using RFID coffee capsules, ams solutions are
playing a central role in the emerging generation of
widely-used RFID systems.

For the new world of NFC, ams offers a range of
products based on years of wireless and RFID
development expertise. ams’ innovative antenna
booster solution enables NFC mobile payment and
reader / tag functionality to change the way we pay
for goods and services, transforming mobile devices
into convenient, secure, and fast means of payment.
A quick swipe of a smartphone by a reader system
significantly increases the ease of everyday mon-
etary transactions eliminating the need for cash or a
card exchange. ams’ miniaturized solutions add the
most advanced NFC technology to existing phones

via a SIM or microSD card, enabling the convenience
of mobile payment systems without requiring a new
device. Alternatively, ams’ NFC technology ensures
the best reception and performance in new NFC-
enabled smartphone designs as well.

Together with ams, OEMs are already looking
beyond payment, creating NFC solutions for peer-
to-peer and household applications. These efforts
underscore that NFC is poised to become a major
technology for interacting with technical systems
and devices in our everyday lives. As an example,
NFC-enabled home appliances simplify customer
support in case of technical problems transmitting
diagnosis data to a service center via a smartphone.

Wireless technology pioneered by ams is also
enhancing our outdoor safety. ams’ lightning sen-
sor, which garnered numerous industry awards for
analog innovation, can perceive the threat of a storm
with a range of up to 40 km. This allows mobile de-
vices to issue warnings ahead of potentially danger-
ous situations protecting people and shutting down
critical equipment.

These emerging applications are propelling strong
growth in Wireless for ams. ams took a critical
strategic step in 2012 to further expand its position
in the exciting RFID and NFC markets. Through the
acquisition of IDS, a global design leader for highly-
integrated, ultra-low power RFID IC solutions, ams
has deepened its technology expertise and IP base
for high performance wireless systems. ams is very
strongly positioned in the fast-growing markets for
authentication, mobile payment, and new mobile
device applications, which offer exciting opportuni-
ties with major OEMs.

With the ability to offer the smallest form factors,
the lowest power consumption, and the highest
sensitivity, ams is helping shape the future of wire-
less technologies.

Single serve coffee machine
RFID reader


--- Page 16 ---



--- Page 17 ---

28

Investor Relations and Corporate Governance

Investor Relations
Executive Bodies
Corporate Governance

Headphone
Active noise cancellation


--- Page 18 ---



--- Page 19 ---

Investor Relations

The ams share offers attractive potential for long-
term value appreciation as the company follows its
successful strategic path for profitable growth and
continued innovation. The ams share showed a very
strong performance in 2012, appreciating by 155%
over the course of the year. This positive develop-
ment made ams the best performing semiconductor
stock worldwide last year and allowed the company
to broaden its international investor base.

ams follows a dividend policy defining a payout

of 25% of the annual net result. The Management
Board will therefore propose a dividend of EUR 1.43
for the fiscal year 2012, which is an increase of EUR
0.79, or 123%, compared to 2011. ams intends to
continue to distribute dividends in the coming years
based on the further positive development of its
business. ams also operates a share buyback scheme
under which the company bought back 352,622
shares last year, equivalent to 2.5% of total issued
shares at year end 2012. The shares are principally
designated to cover the employee share option plan
adopted in 2009. All agenda items at the Annual
General Meeting in May 2012 which were subject

to a vote were approved with a large majority or, in
part, unanimously.

Share details

ams continued its extensive investor relations activi-
ties during 2012. Quarterly reports, regular presenta-
tions to analysts, press and institutional investors,
and the participation in investor conferences in
Europe and the U.S. provided comprehensive infor-
mation about ams’ business and strategy. ams held
investor road shows in financial centers including
London, Zurich, Frankfurt, Paris, Austria, Edinburgh,
the Benelux countries, Poland, Scandinavia, and the
United States East and West Coast regions. Financial
reports, press releases, and additional information
on the ams share are available in the “Investor” sec-
tion of the company website www.ams.com.

ISIN AT0000920863
Securities code 1808109
Ticker symbol AMS (SIX Swiss Exchange)
Reuters / Bloomberg AMS.S / AMS SW


--- Page 20 ---

ams share price development (in CHF)

70 +

50

38,40

30

98,00

mm ams
mm SPI (rebased)

January 2, 2012

December 31, 2012

31


--- Page 21 ---

32

Executive Bodies

Management Board

John A. Heugle, MSc (CEO)
Mag. Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch (CFO)

Supervisory Board

DI Guido Klestil (Chairman)

Mag. Hans Jorg Kaltenbrunner (Deputy Chairman)

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Selberherr (Deputy Chairman)

Dr. Kurt Berger

Dipl. Kfm. Michael Grimm

Dipl. Wirtsch. Ing. Klaus Iffland

Jacob Jacobsson

Gerald Rogers

Johann Eitner (employee representative)

Ing. Mag. Ginter Kneffel (employee representative)

Dr. Giinther Koppitsch (employee representative)

Dipl. Ing. Kurt Layer t (employee representative, until April 2012)
Dipl. Ing. Vida Uhde-Djefroudi (employee representative, since April 2012)


--- Page 22 ---

Corporate Governance

‘Asan Austrian company listed in Switzerland, ams AG ("ams") is subject
to the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange's directive concerning
information on corporate governance ("Swiss Corporate Governance
Directive”).

In this context, ams points out that Austrian Corporate Law differs from
the Swiss model in terms of the structure of its corporate bodies, their
duties and their accountability. Hereinafter, the Austrian terms for the
corporate bodies will be used. Corporations that are not constituted
according to the Swiss Code of Obligations are required correspondingly
to meet the regulations of the Swiss Corporate Governance Directive,
which is formulated in close correspondence with the Swiss Code of Ob-
ligations. Consequently there follows a brief description of the particular
features of the Austrian organizational structure:

~The Management Board is responsible for company management and
representation of the company; it holds the monopoly on company
management and representation. It is not subject to instructions by the
shareholders or the Supervisory Board, acting rather on its own respon-
sibility and without instructions. Where the Swiss Corporate Governance
Directive calls for information on the Executive Board, corresponding de-
tails on the Management Board are provided. Nevertheless, the function
of the Management Board does not correspond exactly with that of the
Swiss Executive Board.

~The Supervisory Board is in charge of appointing and dismissing the
Management Board and, in particular, supervising it. Furthermore,
specific legal transactions also require the Supervisory Board's approval.
Where the Swiss Corporate Governance Directive calls for information
on the Administrative Board corresponding details on the Supervisory
Board are provided. Nevertheless, the function of the Supervisory Board
does not correspond exactly with that of the Swiss Administrative Board.

~The Annual General Meeting, functioning as the supreme means of
decision-making body for a company, is responsible for appointing and
dismissing the members of the Supervisory Board and the appointment
of the auditor. Where the Swiss Corporate Governance Directive calls for
information on the General Meeting corresponding details on the Annu-
al General Meeting are provided. The Swiss and Austrian legal systems
differ with regard to these two institutions.

‘Asan Austrian company ams has committed on a voluntary basis to
comply with the stipulations of the Austrian Corporate Governance
Code. Additional information on this voluntary commitment is provided
at the end of this chapter in the section entitled “Austrian Corporate
Governance Code" This chapter also contains the Corporate Governance
report information according to the stipulations of Austrian law.

1. Corporate Structure and Shareholders

1.1 Corporate Structure

ams, with headquarters in Unterpremstatten, Austria, has been officially
listed on the main segment of the SIX Swiss Exchange since May 17,
2004 (securities number 1808109; ISIN ATO000920863). On the date of
reporting, the company had a market capitalization of approximately 1.4
billion CHF. ams’ business activity is divided into the business segments
Products and Foundry. The Products business segment consists of the
Consumer, Communications, Industrial, Medical, and Automotive market
areas, while the Foundry business segment comprises the Full Service
Foundry area. The company manages its business via an Executive Com-
mittee which includes managers responsible for managing the business
areas within the framework of the strategy defined by the Management
Board. They report directly to the Management Board of ams. Further

information on the business segments is provided in the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements under item 1.

The company has the following active unlisted subsidiaries; there are no
listed subsidiaries:

Percentage

Equityin of shares

Company Head office EUR held

ams Germany GmbH Munich 541,914 100%

ams International AG Rapperswil 22,944,988 100%

ams France S.a.r. Vincennes _-167,176 100%

ams Italy S.r. Milan 399,819 100%

ams R&D UK Ltd. Launceston 192,781 100%

AMS USA, Inc. Raleigh 658,718 100%

ams Japan Co, Ltd. Tokyo 174,499 100%
Calamba

ams Asia Inc. City 14,425,112 100%

ams Semiconductors India

Private Ltd. Hyderabad 166,882 100 %

ams R&D Spain SL Valencia 46,587 100%
County of

Aspern Investment Inc. Kent 818,956 100 %

AMS-TAOS USA Inc. Plano 4,188,059 100%

1.2 Major Shareholders

In April 2008 the company was notified that the shareholder Schroders
plc, London, United Kingdom, held 4.6% of the share capital. In Sep-
tember 2008 the company was notified that Dr. Berger, Vienna, Austria,
held 8.3% of the share capital as trustee. In July 2009 the company was
notified that the shareholder Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH, Traunreut,
Germany, held 3.2% of the share capital and that the shareholder Kempen
Capital Management, Edinburgh, United Kingdom, held 9.2% of the share
capital. In August 2009 the company was notified that the shareholder
Odin Fund Management, Oslo, Norway held 4.3% of the share capital and
that the shareholder Pictet Asset Management, Zurich, Switzerland held
4.1% of the share capital. In February 2010, the company was notified that
the shareholder The Capital Group Companies, Inc, Los Angeles, USA,
held 3.0% of the share capital. In July 2010, the company was notified that
the shareholder FMR LLC, Boston, USA, held 4.8% of the share capital.

Following the capital increase of July 2011 in connection with the acquisi-
tion of 100% of the shares of TAOS Inc, Twilight S, LLC, an entity owned by
former shareholders of TAOS Inc, held 19.7% of the share capital.

The shareholdings above relate to the time of notification or capital increase
and may have changed subsequently as, at the reporting date, the compa-
ny does not fall under the notification requirements stipulated by Swiss law.

1.3 Cross Shareholding
No cross shareholdings exist at this time.

2. Capital Structure

2.1 Capital

As of December 31, 2012, ams’ ordinary capital amounted to nominally
EUR 34,657,928.98, divided up into 14,307,105 no-par-value shares with
a calculated nominal value of EUR 2.42 per share.

33


--- Page 23 ---

34

2.2 Authorized and Conditional Capital in Particular

Authorized Capital

At the Annual General Meeting on May 26, 2011, the Management Board
was authorized to increase the company’s share capital by up to nomi-
nally EUR 13,349,218.40 through issuing up to 5,510,677 new no-par
value shares and to set the issue price and terms of issue in consultation
with the Supervisory Board. In connection with the acquisition of 100%
of the shares of TAOS Inc., 2,706,840 new shares were issued under this
authorization in July 2011 against contribution in kind.

Conditional Capital

In May 2005, the Annual General Meeting authorized the Management
Board to increase the share capital by EUR 2,398,203.53 by issuing
990,000 new bearer shares for cash to provide cover for stock options
granted to staff members and senior executives in the company and its
subsidiaries, excluding the subscription rights of existing shareholders.
The terms of issue are based on the provisions of the stock option plan
approved by the Management Board on April 22, 2005 (Stock Option
Plan 2005).

2.3 Changes in Capital
In total, the ams Group's shareholders’ equity amounted to EUR 191.02
million as of December 31, 2010, EUR 332.17 million as of December
31, 2011 and EUR 409.51 million as of December 31, 2012. Information
about the changes in shareholders’ equity over the last two reporting
years is provided in the section entitled “Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Shareholders’ Equity according to IFRS from January 1, 2012
until December 31, 2012" in the financial part of this Annual Report.

2.4 Shares and Participation Certificates

On the date of reporting, ams’ share capital consisted of 14,307,105
common no-par-value shares issued to bearer with a calculated nominal
value of EUR 2.42 per share. Every bearer of a common share has the
right to vote and is entitled to receive dividends; there are no preferen-
tial rights. All shares are equal in terms of the company’s residual assets;
all capital was paid in. There are no participation certificates.

2.5 Profit Sharing Certificates
There are no profit-sharing certificates.

2.6 Restrictions on Transferability and Nominee Registration
The company only has bearer shares outstanding. There are no restric-
tions on transferability or corporate rules on nominee registration.

2.7 Convertible Bonds and Option Plan

On April 22, 2005, the Management Board approved a stock option plan
for staff members and senior executives in the company and its subsid-
iaries (Stock Option Plan 2005). This provides for the issue of a total of
990,000 options over a period of four years. According to the conditions
of SOP 2005, options forfeited back to the company may be re-issued
until the end of the plan period. In 2012 97,000 options were granted, so
a total of 981,279 options have been granted (after deduction of forfeited
options). One option entitles the bearer to buy one share in the company.
20% of the options issued can be exercised a year after issue at the earli-
est and the remainder in 20% instalments for each further year after issue
at the earliest. The last possible exercise date is June 30, 2015. The op-
tions’ strike price is calculated from the average market price of the ams
share over the three months prior to granting of the stock options, minus
a discount of 25%. To fund the options issued, the conditional capital
increase described in section 2.2 will be used. Differing from the practice
in previous years, these options were immediately exercisable at 60% at

grant date and will be exercisable in the amount of 20% on the first and
second anniversary of grant date. The options are non-transferable.

An additional Stock Option Plan (SOP 2009) was approved at the Annual
General Meeting of April 2, 2009. Under the terms of SOP 2009, over

a period of 4 years a total not exceeding 1,100,000 options on no-par
company shares will be granted, corresponding to around 10% of the
company’s current stock. It is planned that the options will be granted
over a period of four years. Every option granted entitles the participant
to purchase a no-par share in ams. Exercise of options will be possible
annually to the extent of 25% on the days of the first, second, third and
fourth anniversaries of granting, i. in four equal tranches. The preferen-
tial price of the options is calculated from the average stock market price
over the 3 months prior to granting of the stock options. All options
granted must be exercised by June 30, 2017. In 2012 293,250 stock op-
tions were distributed from SOP 2009.

In connection with the acquisition of TAOS Inc, the company has com-
mitted to grant options to certain employees of TAOS Inc. by issuing

a Stock Option Plan, which ~ as far as legally possible - matches the
number of options and the option plan which has been granted to those
employees under the TAOS Inc. -,Equity Incentive Plan 2000", To fulfill
this obligation, the management board of ams has adopted a new Stock
Option Plan 2011 (SOP 2011), which the company’s Supervisory Board
approved on July 9, 2011. The SOP 2011 comprises unvested options
and vested options. Each option granted entitles each employee to
purchase one share of the company. For holders of unvested options the
exercise price equals the original exercise price under the TAOS Inc. plan.
This price is in the range of USD 0.94 and USD 19.81. Certain employ-
ees of TAOS Inc., who held a small number of TAOS Inc. shares (,,small
Shareholders”), were granted exercisable options for shares of the
Company as compensation for shares of TAOS Inc. held by them prior to
the transaction (vested options). The option exercise price for these op-
tions is CHF 41.36 which is the average of the market price of the shares
of the company on the SIX Swiss Exchange within 30 days following the
date of grant of options. The term of the unvested options will remain
unchanged compared to the original TAOS Inc. plan. The options will
expire between September 3, 2017 and June 8, 2021. The options of the
Small Shareholders expire ten years after the date of issuance, therefore
on July 12, 2021.

3. Supervisory Board

On the date of reporting, the company Supervisory Board was compo-
sed of twelve members, of whom four were employee representatives.
The members were not employed as members of the company’s or a
subsidiary’s management board and are therefore non-executive.

3.1 / 3.2/3.3 / 3.4 Members of the Supervisory Board, Other Activities,
Vested Interests, Cross-Involvement, Election and Terms of Office
Insofar as nothing to the contrary is mentioned below, no material activi-
ties, vested interests or cross-involvements exist regarding the members
of the Supervisory Board. Under the Corporate Governance Directive

and the relevant comment by SIX Swiss Exchange, activities and vested
interests are only indicated in listed Swiss and foreign organizations or
‘ones that operate in the same or a related industry sector as the company.

DI Guido Klestil (Chairman), born in 1942, Austrian citizen. Chairman of
the Supervisory Board since 1988. Re-elected in 2009, current term of
office until 2014. After completing his studies in Communications Engi-
neering, during his almost 40-year career Guido Klestil held management
positions in major international companies in the electrical and electro-


--- Page 24 ---

nics industry, including General Manager of ITT Austria, General Manager
of Alcatel Austria and member of the Management Board of Austrian In-
dustries. He is member of the Board of Advisors of the American Chamber
of Commerce in Austria.

Prof. Dr. Siegfried Selberherr (Deputy Chairman), born in 1955, Austrian
citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since March 2001, Deputy
Chairman since July 2001. Re-elected in 2009, current term of office

until 2014. After completing his studies in Electrical Engineering, Prof.
Selberherr earned a doctorate in Technical Sciences. He has been a full
professor at the Institute of Microelectronics at Vienna University of
Technology since 1988 and was Dean of the Faculty of Electrical Engi-
neering and Information Technology from 1998 to 2005. Prof. Selberherr
is internationally recognized for his research in microelectronics, parti-
cularly in the field of technology computer-aided design (TCAD), and
advises several international semiconductor companies.

Dipl. Wirtsch. Ing. Klaus Iffland, born in 1956, German citizen. Member
of the Supervisory Board since March 2006. Re-elected in 2009, current
term of office until 2014. Having graduated in Mechanical Engineering
and Business Studies, Klaus Iffland held executive positions at Audi AG in
production, development and purchasing, and was head of purchasing
from 1996. Since 2002 he has held executive positions at Magna Interna-
tional, a leading worldwide automotive supplier, first as a member of the
management board of Magna Steyr Fahrzeugtechnik, then as President
of Intier Automotive Europe and Magna Closures, VP Purchasing at
Magna International Europe and VP Procurement & Supply at Magna
Steyr. Since 2008 he is VP Global Purchasing Magna International Europe;
in July 2011 he additionally assumed responsibility for Magna Logistics
Europe and joined the Management Board of Magna Europe.

Dipl. Kfm. Michael Grimm, born in 1960, German citizen. Member of
the Supervisory Board since 2009, current term of office until 2014. Dipl.
Kfm. Grimm studied Management at the University of Frankfurt and
then worked as a tax consultant and auditor at Arthur Andersen Wirt-
schaftspriifungsgesellschaft, later as a partner and head of the Leipzig
office. From 1997 until 2001 he was at Hoechst AG with responsibility
for group accounts and was involved in the transformation of Hoechst
AG into Aventis. From 2002 until 2005 Dipl. Kfm. Grimm was director of
finance, accounting and investments at Grohe Water Technology AG &
Co. KG, then Managing Director of Triton Beteiligungsberatung GmbH,
an investment company with holdings in medium-size companies in
Germany and Sweden. Since 2008 Dipl. Kfm. Grimm has been Commer-
cial Director of Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH.

Mag. Hans Jorg Kaltenbrunner (Deputy Chairman), born in 1957, Austrian
citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since 2009, current term of office
until 2014. Having studied at the Vienna University of Business and Eco-
nomics, Mag. Kaltenbrunner began his professional career at the Austrian
Trade Delegation in Taipei, Taiwan as Deputy Trade Delegate in 1982. From
1985-1994, he assumed management positions at the Hong Kong branch
and in the asset management group of Creditanstalt-Bankverein. Following
appointments to the management board of RHI AG and management
board and supervisory board of Austria Mikro Systeme AG, he has been a
partner of Andlinger & Company since 2002 and has served as a member of
management and supervisory boards of international industrial companies
in this capacity.

Dr. Kurt Berger, born in 1966, Austrian citizen. Member of the Supervisory
Board since 2009, current term of office until 2014. Having studied law in
Graz, Dr. Berger was an assistant professor and member of teaching staff

at Vienna University of Business and Economics. In 1996 he was awarded

a doctorate by Vienna University. Since 1999, Dr. Berger has worked as an
attorney at the firm of Berger Ettel Rechtsanwilte in Vienna focusing on
company law and associated capital market law, corporate transactions, ac-
quisitions, funding and business law. Dr. Berger is co-author of ,Kommentar
zum Aktiengesetz” by Doralt/Nowotny/Kalss (2012) and, Handbuch fiir den
Aufsichtsrat” by Kalss/Kunz (2011). He is Vice Chairman of the supervisory
board of Binder + Co. AG and a member of the supervisory boards of
Waagner-Biro AG, Waagner-Biro Austria Stage Systems AG, Waagner-Biro
Bridge Systems AG and Waagner-Biro Stahlbau AG (all in Austria).

Jacob Jacobsson, born in 1953, Swedish and U.S. citizen. Member of

the Supervisory Board since 2011, current term of office until 2016.
Jacob Jacobsson has held CEO positions at Blaze DFM, Inc., Forte Design
Systems and SCS Corporation, and executive positions at Xilinx Inc.,
Cadence Design Systems, and Daisy Systems. He has served on the board
of directors at Actel Corp., and currently serves on the boards of a number
of privately-held companies in the United States and Europe. He was a
member of the board of directors for TAOS Inc. since 2003. Prior to his
management career, Jacob Jacobsson was active in the fields of IC design
and automated design of semiconductor chips. He holds M.S. degrees

in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering from the Royal Institute
of Technology (KTH, Stockholm) and a B.A. degree from the University of
Stockholm.

Gerald Rogers, born in 1944, U.S. citizen. Member of the Supervisory
Board since 2011, current term of office until 2016. A prolific engineer
and successful businessman in the technology industry, he is Chairman
of the board of directors for privately-held OnBoard Research, a musical
instrument accessory company, and also serves as an advisor and inves-
tor to technology start-ups. He was a member of the board of directors
for TAOS Inc. since 2003. Gerald Rogers began his career in 1969 at Texas
Instruments in VLSI design and was promoted to Vice President and
manager of the microprocessor division in 1981. In 1986, he became Pre-
sident and CEO of Visual Information Technologies. In 1987, he founded
Cyrix, a highly successful microprocessor company focused on the PC
market, serving as its CEO for almost a decade. Gerald Rogers earned his
Bachelor's degree from the University of Houston.

Johann C. Eitner (Employee Representative), born in 1957, Austrian
citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since July 1994. Re-elected in
2010, current term of office until 2014. Chairman of the Workers’ Council
and Employee Representative on the Supervisory Board since 1994,
During his more than 35-year career, Johann Eitner has been employed
as an electrician in various positions and, since 1984, as supervisor in the
mask lithography department at ams. He was trained as an electrician.

Ing. Mag. Giinter Kneffel (Employee Representative), born in 1968,
Austrian citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since March 1999.
Re-elected in 2011, current term of office until 2015. Chairman of the
Employee Council and Employee Representative on the Supervisory
Board since 1999. After completing his studies in RF Engineering and
Electronics, Ing. Mag. Kneffel gained more than 15 years of professional
experience as a process engineer for photolithography and graduated in
law in 2010 (Magister der Rechtswissenschaften).

Dr. Giinther Koppitsch (Employee Representative), born in 1950,
Austrian citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since 2011, current
term of office until 2015. Member of the Employee Council since 2007.
Dr. Koppitsch studied at Graz University of Technology and University

35


--- Page 25 ---

36

of Graz and received a degree in Experimental Physics, Geophysical
Science and Physical Chemistry. He joined ams in 1985 and, following
assignments in Design and Process Technology, works in Research &
Development.

Dipl. Ing. Vida Uhde-Djefroudi (Employee Representative), born in 1959,
Austrian citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since 2012, current
term of office until 2015. Member of the Employee Council since 2003.
Dipl. Ing. Uhde-Djefroudi studied at Graz University of lechnology and
received a degree in Electrical Engineering. She joined ams in 1994 as an
analog circuit designer and has been focusing on high voltage design
since 2003.

Unless decided otherwise by the Annual General Meeting, members

of the Supervisory Board are elected for the longest term possible in
accordance with the Austrian Stock Corporation Act, i.e. until the end

of the Annual General Meeting that decides on their discharge for the
fourth business year after the election. For this purpose, the business
year in which they were elected is not included in the calculation. The
Articles of Association do not stipulate any staggering of the Supervisory
Board members’ terms of office.

3.5 Internal Organization

3.5.1 Allocation of tasks in the Supervisory Board

Both the Management Board and the Supervisory Board have rules of
procedure. The Supervisory Board has a chairman and two deputy chair-
men. The Supervisory Board can appoint one or more committees from
its midst for the purpose of preparing its negotiations and resolutions or
monitoring the implementation of its resolutions. The Supervisory Board
of ams has formed the following committees: Staff Committee, Financial
Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Emergency Committee.

3.5.2 Members list, tasks and area of responsibility for all committees
of the Supervisory Board

— Staff Committee

The Staff Committee is responsible for negotiating and passing resolu-
tions on the relationship between the company and the members of the
Management Board except resolutions on appointments and dismissals
of members of the Management Board (signing, adaption and terminati-
on of the employment contracts for members and remuneration for the
Management Board, etc.) The members of this committee are DI Guido
Klestil (Chairman), Prof. Dr. Siegfried Selberherr and Johann C. Eitner.

— Financial Audit Committee

The Financial Audit Committee is, amongst other things, in charge of
examining the annual financial statements, the management report
and the proposal on the appropriation of profits, preparing the reports
to be submitted to the Annual General Meeting and discussing the
audit report with the auditor. The members of this committee are Mag.
Hans-Jorg Kaltenbrunner (Chairman), DI Guido Klestil, Jacob Jacobsson,
Johann C. Eitner, and Ing. Mag. Ginter Kneffel.

- Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee is responsible for preparing proposals to the
Supervisory Board regarding appointments to executive positions that
become available on the Management Board, strategies for successi-

on planning and proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding
appointments to positions that become available on the Supervisory

Board. The members of this committee are DI Guido Klestil (Chairman),
Prof. Dr. Siegfried Selberherr, Mag. Hans-J6rg Kaltenbrunner, Jacob
Jacobsson, Johann C. Eitner, and Ing. Mag. Giinter Kneffel.

~ Emergency Committee
This committee was formed as part of the implementation of Rule

39 of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code (see section “Austrian
Corporate Governance Code" at the end of this chapter). The Emergency
Committee is set up to discuss the affairs of the Supervisory Board in
cases of imminent danger (“danger in delay”) and, if the situation absolu-
tely requires it, to decide on them. The members of this committee are
DI Guido Klestil (Chairman), Prof. Dr. Siegfried Selberherr, Mag. Hans-Jérg
Kaltenbrunner, Johann C. Eitner, and Ing. Mag. Ginter Kneffel.

3.5.3 Working procedures of the Supervisory Board and its commit-
tees

The meetings of the Supervisory Board are presided over by the
Chairman and, in his absence, by the Deputy Chairman. Resolutions are
passed by simple majority of the votes cast. In case of equality of votes,
the Chairman’ vote is decisive. In principal the Management Board also
attends the Supervisory Board's meetings. Unless the chairman of the
meeting decides otherwise, the Management Board is merely granted
an advisory vote. The Supervisory Board is entitled to request written re-
ports on corporate affairs and managerial issues from the Management
Board at any time. A committee is entitled to adopt a resolution which

is binding for the Supervisory Board only in cases where the committee
has been granted such decision-making power by the Supervisory Board
in advance. The Supervisory Board appoints a committee member as
Committee Chairman and an additional committee member as the
Chairman's deputy. Committee resolutions are passed by simple majority
of the votes cast. In case of equality of votes, the Committee Chairman's
vote is decisive.

The Supervisory Board normally convenes five times a year. During the
past year, the Supervisory Board convened a total of seven times with
sessions lasting an average of around five hours. The Staff Committee
convened a total of eight times with sessions lasting an average of
around two hours. The Financial Audit Committee convened a total of
three times with sessions lasting an average of around three hours. The
Nomination Committee convened once. The Emergency Committee did
not convene.

3.6 Definition of Area of Responsibility

The Management Board of ams acts on its own responsibility and is not
subject to instructions from the shareholders or the Supervisory Board.
Specific legal transactions individually listed in the Austrian Stock Cor-
poration Act require approval by the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory
Board supervises the business conduct of the Management Board. The
Management Board clears the company’s strategic orientation with the
Supervisory Board and discusses the status of strategy implementation
with the Supervisory Board at regular intervals.

3.7 Information and Control Instruments vis-a-vis the Management
Board

The company possesses a Risk Management System, a Management
Information System (MIS) and an internal audit function. Within the
framework of the Risk Management System, recognizable risks in nu-
merous areas of the company are compiled and assessed at least twice a


--- Page 26 ---

year. The principal results are subsequently evaluated by the Manage-
ment Board and brought to the attention of the Supervisory Board. The
company’s MIS compiles a multitude of performance indicators from va-
rious areas of the company as well as comprehensive financial informa-
tion and promptly makes them available to management as processed
files in electronic form. The Supervisory Board receives monthly and
quarterly reports based on information from the MIS. The internal audit
function compiles four audit reports per year which are made available
to the Supervisory Board and cover specific areas of audit jointly defined
by the Management and Supervisory Boards.

4. Management Board

4.1/4.2 Members of the Management Board, Other Activities and
Vested Interests

Insofar as nothing to the contrary is mentioned below, no material acti-
vities or vested interests exist regarding the members of the Manage-
ment Board.

John A. Heugle, MSc, born in 1958, U.S. citizen. Chairman of the Manage-
ment Board since April 2002. Contract term until 2014. During his 30-
year career, John A. Heugle worked in Europe, the United States and Asia
and has been with ams since 2002. He has held a series of management
positions in companies in the electronics and telecommunications sec-
tors, such as Molex Inc., Stocko Metallwarenfabriken GmbH and Krone
AG. John A. Heugle studied Metallurgical Engineering at the University
of Oklahoma (Bachelor of Science) and Material Science at Northwestern
University (Master of Science) in the United States.

Mag. Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch, born in 1968, Austrian citizen.
Member of the Board responsible for finance since February 2004.
Contract term until 2016. He has been with ams since 2001, holding the
position of Chief Financial Officer since 2003. During his 20-year career,
Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch was finance director of Ahead Commu-
nications AG and worked as a consultant and auditor for international
mandates at KPMG Austria. He has extensive experience in accounting,
corporate finance and tax consultancy. Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch
studied Business Administration at Vienna University of Business and
Economics (Magister degree) and founded Dynaconsult GmbH, an IT
consulting firm, during the same period. He is member of the Manage-
ment Board of the Styrian Federation of Industry and heads the repre-
sentative body for the electrical and electronics industries at the Styrian
Chamber of Commerce.

4.3 Management Contracts
There are currently no management contracts.

5. Compensation, Shareholdings and Loans

5.1 Content and Method of Determining Compensation and Share
Ownership Programs

The Annual General Meeting is in charge of determining the remunera-
tion of the company’s Supervisory Board. A shareholder may submit a
proposal for resolution to the Annual General Meeting.

The remuneration and share ownership programs of the individual Ma-
nagement Board members are determined annually by the Supervisory
Board's Staff Committee. The Supervisory Board is informed about the

developments in this process. The Management Board members do not

have a right to attend the Staff Committee meetings. In 2012, external
advisers were consulted.

The amount of the variable part of the remuneration is determined
according to the fulfillment of annually determined performance targets
for the members of the Management Board. This was based on targets
for revenues and operating result (EBIT), with the level of achievement
taking into account 50% each for revenues and operating result (EBIT).
The determination of the annual compensation includes an external
benchmarking of the remuneration and remuneration structure with
respect to comparable positions in the electronics sector in Austria,
Germany and Switzerland. Further details are given in the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements under item 26.

In the period under review, the variable part of the remuneration was
100% of the basic remuneration for the CEO and 100% of the basic
remuneration for the CFO. In addition, a profit sharing program for all
employees including the Management Board was instituted at the end
of 2009. Under the program, up to 5% of yearly pre-tax profit plus up to
100% top-up bonus based on certain sales growth criteria are allocated
relative to employees’ yearly gross remuneration and distributed not
exceeding a maximum of 15% of each employee's yearly gross remune-
ration.

The Management Board members receive a severance pay of two gross
monthly salaries per year of service up to a maximum of two yearly gross
salaries. In case of termination of their Board membership they have a
claim in the amount of the severance pay. There are no further claims
from company pension schemes or in case of termination of Board
membership. D&O insurance is in place for members of the Manage-
ment Board and for members of the Supervisory Board.

5.2 Transparency in Compensation, Shareholdings and Loans for
Issuers Based Abroad

Regarding compensation for acting Board members, further details are
given in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under item
26.

Retired Board members were not granted any termination pay. In the
year under review, former Board members were not granted any com-
pensation.

6. Shareholders’ Right of Participation

6.1 Voting Rights and Representation Restrictions

All shareholders of ams hold common bearer shares. Every share entitles
its bearer to one vote at the Annual General Meeting. There are no
voting right restrictions. Voting by proxy is only possible with a written
power of attorney which remains with the company.

6.2 Statutory Quorums

The resolutions passed by the Annual General Meeting require the
majority of the votes cast (simple majority) insofar as the Austrian Stock
Corporation Act or the Articles of Association do not foresee a larger
majority or additional requirements. ams’ Articles of Association do not
call for a higher number of votes than those required by the Austrian
Stock Corporation Act.

37


--- Page 27 ---

38

6.3 Convocation of the Annual General Meeting

Pursuant to the Austrian Stock Corporation Act, the Annual General
Meeting is convened by the Management Board. In accordance with the
company’s Articles of Association, the Annual General Meeting shall be
convened at least 28 days prior to the appointed date. The convoca-
tion is published in the “Wiener Zeitung” and announced in “Finanz &
Wirtschaft’.

6.4 Agenda
In compliance with the Austrian Stock Corporation Act, the agenda
proposed for the Annual General Meeting is published in connection
with the convocation of said meeting. In any case, the agenda must

be disclosed at least seven days prior to the day on which the shares
must be deposited for participating in the Annual General Meeting.
Should the passing of a certain resolution require a qualified majority,
this resolution must be disclosed 14 days prior to the day of the Annual
General Meeting. A minority of 5% of the ordinary capital may demand
that the agenda of a previously convened Annual General Meeting be
supplemented, but only in the event that the request is filed sufficiently
early to allow compliance with the above-mentioned time limits. Those
proposing must have been in possession of the shares for at least three
months prior to making their proposal and must hold the shares until
the decision is reached regarding the proposal.

6.5 Inscriptions into the Share Register
The company only has bearer shares outstanding and therefore does not
keep a share register.

7. Changes of Control and Defense Measures

7.1 Duty to Make an Offer

Since ams is an Austrian corporation listed in Switzerland, the regula-
tions of the Swiss Federal Law on Securities Exchanges and Securities
Trading regarding offer obligations do not apply at the reporting date.
Furthermore, the regulations of Austrian takeover law relating to offer
obligations do not apply to ams. The Articles of Association of ams do
not contain any provisions regarding offer obligations.

7.2 Clauses on Change of Control
There are no change-of-control clauses.

8. Auditors

8.1 Duration of the Mandate and Term of Office of the Lead Auditor
The existing auditing mandate was assumed by KPMG Alpen-Treuhand
GmbH, now KPMG Wirtschaftspriifungs- und Steuerberatungs AG,
Vienna, in 2005. Its election as auditor for the year under review was
confirmed at the Annual General Meeting on May 24, 2012. The chief
auditor, Mag, Dr. Johannes Bauer, who is responsible for this mandate,
took office in 2010.

8.2 Auditing Fees
The auditing firm charged auditing fees amounting to EUR 135,000
during the year.

8.3 Additional Fees
The auditing firm charged fees for additional consulting services amoun-
ting to EUR 73,901 during the year.

8.4 Supervisory and Control Instruments Pertaining to the Audit
The auditor reports regularly to the Supervisory Board's Financial Audit
Committee both orally and in writing. In the period under review, the au-
ditor attended one Supervisory Board meeting and two Financial Audit
Committee meetings.

The auditor is monitored and evaluated by the Supervisory Board’s
Financial Audit Committee at regular intervals. The auditor is selected on
the basis of a tendering process that takes a catalog of criteria into ac-
count. The auditor's remuneration is checked regularly against prevailing
market fees. The lead auditor for the company rotates every five years.

9. Information Policy

ams is committed to an open and transparent information policy to-
wards the stakeholders. All important information on the development
of business and the share price (reports, financial calendar and share
price data) is available on the company website www.ams.com under
the “Investor” tab. The company’s ad-hoc publications are available via
http://www.ams.com/eng/Investor/Financial-News/Ad-hoc

and can be subscribed via
http://www.ams.com/eng/Investor/Investor-Contact/Subscribe
Share-price-influencing events are published promptly through the
media and on the website. ams issues quarterly reports regarding the
development of its business. The publications are made available in
electronic form. The Annual Report may also be made available in a prin-
ted version. For the company’s contact details, refer to the publishing
information at the end of the Annual Report.

Advancement of Women

ams is generally committed to facilitating the career development of
women in management positions and to increasing the share of women
in its workforce in the medium-term. However, being a highly technical
company ina high-tech industry it remains difficult for ams to increase
the ratio of women in management positions in Austria as well as
internationally. The share of women in management positions (except
Management Board members) was 119% in fiscal year 2012 (10% in fiscal
year 2011), while the overall share of women in the company’s workforce
was 26% last year. According to its Code of Conduct, ams refrains from
any form of discrimination based on, for example, race, religion, political
affiliation, and in particular gender.

Austrian Corporate Governance Code

As an Austrian stock company, ams has committed itself to compliance
with the Austrian Corporate Governance Code in a declaration of com-
mitment. This code represents a voluntary commitment of companies
to the principles of transparent corporate governance and contains
corresponding recommendations. The code is available on the internet
in electronic form at www.corporate-governance.at. However, since ams
is not listed in Austria, it has in its declaration of commitment exempted
itself from guidelines of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code which
are not based on or closely associated with mandatory provisions of the
Austrian Stock Corporation Act or not applicable due to mandatory pro-
visions arising in connection with the company's listing in Switzerland.
Furthermore, ams has stated the following additional deviations from
the L and C rules of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code:


--- Page 28 ---

~ Rule 27a: Severance payments accrued under previous contracts may
exceed the remuneration for the balance period of the contract. Seve-
rance pay accrued under previous contracts will be paid out in case of
termination of the current contract due to gross misconduct.

— Rule 28: The passing of a resolution on stock option plans for the
Management Board required by this rule is effected by the Supervisory
Board's Staff Committee in the interest of a consistent remuneration
policy for members of the Management Board. In the interest of a con-
sistent implementation of the share-based compensation schemes the
members of the Management Board participate in the employee stock
option plans (SOP) detailed in pt. 2.7 of this chapter.

= Rules 53, 54: Application of these rules cannot be determined by the
company because the Annual General Meeting decides upon mem-
bership of the Supervisory Board without restrictions. Oriented on
Appendix 1 of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code, the members
of the Supervisory Board are to be seen as independent for the purpose
of rules 53 and 54, with the exception of one member of the Supervisory
Board exceeding the recommended 15 year maximum service period.

- Rule 66: The company prepares the quarterly reports for the first half
year according to IAS 34 (half year report), while a shortened reporting
format is chosen for the first and third quarter of each year.

External Evaluation

According to rule 62 of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code, ams
commissions an external evaluation of compliance with the respective
rules of the Code and correctness of the related public reporting in
regular intervals; the last evaluation was conducted in 2011.

39
