

--- Page 1 ---

<
=

188

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Corporate Governance report

I. Carl Zeiss Meditec AG conforms to all recommendations of the Government Commission on the
German Corporate Governance Code with just two exceptions

Objective of corporate governance

The Management Board and Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG are committed to responsible
corporate governance and control that is geared to increasing the value of the Company in the long term.
At the same time, the Management Board and Supervisory Board have made it their goal to ensure the
best-possible transparency for all German and international interest groups, and firmly believe that this is the
way to lay an important foundation for sustainably increasing the confidence of shareholders, business
partners, employees and the public.

Further development and declaration of conformity

In financial year 2011/2012 the Management Board and Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG
focused intensively on corporate governance, particularly on the amendments to the Code in its applicable
version dated 15 May 2012. At the meeting of the Company's Supervisory Board on 29 November 2012,
both bodies adopted the declaration of conformity pursuant to Section 161 AktG, which has been made
permanently accessible to the shareholders on the Company's website. This declaration states that

the Company complies fully with the recommendations of the Government Commission on the German
Corporate Governance Code with just two exceptions.

Section 5.4.1 of the German Corporate Governance Code stipulates that the Supervisory Board shall set
specific targets regarding its composition, which — taking the company-specific situation into account —
shall consider the Company's international activities, potential conflicts of interest, the number of
independent Supervisory Board members within the meaning of Section 5.4.2, an age limit to be defined
for Supervisory Board members, and diversity. These targets should, in particular, also include the
appointment of a reasonable number of women to the Supervisory Board.

The Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec is of the opinion that the composition of the Supervisory Board
should, first and foremost, be geared to the interests of the Company, and must ensure efficient consulting
with and monitoring of the Management Board. When appointing the Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss
Meditec AG, the priority shall therefore be to ensure that the members have the necessary capabilities, skills
and specialist qualifications to properly fulfill their duties, and to ensure their independence. A leading
global enterprise such as Carl Zeiss Meditec must also consider aspects such as internationality and the
appropriate participation of women when appointing its Management and Supervisory Boards. Carl Zeiss
Meditec has always endeavored to comply with these principles up until now, and shall also take them

into account in future decisions when appointing the members of its executive bodies.

Section 5.4.6 of the Code in its version dated 15 May 2012 provides, for the first time, for a variable
remuneration promised to the members of the Supervisory Board to be tied to the sustainable success of
the Company.

The provisions for the remuneration of the Supervisory Board members were reformulated by way of
a resolution of the Annual General Meeting dated 12 April 2011. These provisions stipulate a variable


--- Page 2 ---

ORMATION TO THE SHAREHOLDERS = SINGLE-ENTITY AND CONSOLIDATE L STATEMENTS = CORPORATE GOVERNANCE = ADDITIONAL INFOR: ON 189
4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

remuneration, which is dependent on the Company's earnings per share and is limited to no more than
the fixed remuneration (including the fixed remuneration for advisory activities). The detailed regulations
are contained in Art. 19 of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's Articles of Association.

The Supervisory Board shall address the amended recommendations for the performance-related
remuneration of Supervisory Board members — pursuant to the revised version of the German Corporate
Governance Code dated 15 May 2012 — in good time before the next Annual General Meeting planned
for March 2013.

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG complies fully with the other new or amended recommendations of the Code added
in 2012. These include the specifications for proxy voting (Section 2.3.3), amended requirements for

the corporate governance report (Section 3.10), the recommended nominating power of the Personnel
Committee in the Supervisory Board (Section 4.2.2), the specification of the recommendations on the
severance payment cap (Section 4.2.3), the regular contact maintained between the Management Board
and Supervisory Board regarding certain issues, including between meetings (Section 5.2), and the
specification of the duties of the Audit Committee (Section 5.3.2). The basic principles of the remuneration
system shall in future be presented within the remuneration report in the consolidated management report
(Section 4.2.5) and, after an overall presentation has been given once, the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board shall in future only report amendments to the Annual General Meeting (Section 4.2.3). Carl Zeiss
Meditec shall also present additional information on stock option programs or similar securities-based
incentive schemes in the remuneration report within the management report, if these are of relevance

for the Company (Section 7.1.3). In addition, the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board
shall continue to be presented on an itemized basis in the management report (Section 5.4.6).

The Chairman of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's Supervisory Board is not simultaneously the Chairman of the Audit
Committee — regardless of whether, as was the case to date, this was a discretionary provision of the Code,
or if it has now been raised to the rank of a recommendation (Section 5.2).

Pursuant to the new recommendation in Section 3.6, the Supervisory Board is free, at any time, to convene
without the Management Board, if necessary. In the past financial year there no cause on the part of the
Supervisory Board to exclude the Management Board from a meeting. However, the General and Personal
Committee of the Supervisory Board met to discuss matters pertaining to the Management Board contracts
and excluded the Management Board. In future, the Supervisory Board shall also disclose the personal and
business relationships candidates may have with the Company, the Company’s executive bodies or with

a major shareholder of the Company (Section 5.4.1) when making its candidate proposals at the Annual
General Meeting. Carl Zeiss Meditec AG also conforms to the full extent to the new and now more specifically
formulated requirements under Section 5.4.2 of the Code concerning the number of independent members
on the Supervisory Board. The composition of the Supervisory was already in line with these requirements in
the past, in terms of independent control and auditing.

Shareholders and Annual General Meeting
Around 150 shareholders and guests participated in the Annual General Meeting on 9 March 2012 in

Weimar. The calculated presence amounted to more than 81 % of the total voting share capital, and was
thus 4 percentage points higher in comparison with the previous year. The Annual General Meeting


--- Page 3 ---

<
=

190

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

accepted all agenda items for resolution. The detailed voting results from the most recent Annual General
Meeting can be inspected in each case on the Company's website at www.meditec.zeiss.com in the
“Investor Relations” section under “IR Calendar and Events”.

Carl Zeiss Meditec AG arranges for the appointment of a proxy to exercise the shareholders’ voting rights
according to their instructions. This proxy can be reached during the entire event. The Company thus
helped its shareholders once again in 2012 to personally exercise their rights, and assists them with voting
by proxy.

Cooperation between the Supervisory Board and Management Board

As a company under German law, Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has a dual management system consisting

of the Supervisory Board and the Management Board, which each have specific competencies and are
strictly separate from each other in terms of their membership. Further elements of their collaboration,

such as their objectives and organization, are outlined in the declaration on corporate governance at
www.meditec.zeiss.com in the “Investor Relations” section under “Corporate Governance”. Specific
information on the content and scope of the collaboration between the Supervisory Board and Management
Board in financial year 2011/2012 can be found in the Report of the Supervisory Board (page 32).

Management Board

As previously, the Management Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has three members in the period under
review.

The rules of procedure for the Management Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, which have been inspected
and approved by the Supervisory Board, regulate, among other things, the departmental responsibilities of
the individual members of the Management Board, matters reserved for the Management Board as a
whole, and the majorities required to pass Management Board resolutions. No changes were made to the
rules of procedure in the past financial year.

Both the Supervisory Board and the other members of the Management Board must be informed
immediately of any conflicts of interest of a Management Board member. There were no conflicts of interest
in the past financial year. In addition, a member of the Management Board may only pursue secondary
employment with the consent of the Supervisory Board, particularly in the case of a position on the
Supervisory Board of companies outside the Group. In the past financial year none of the members of

the Management Board were engaged in any ancillary activities.

Supervisory Board

As of 30 September 2012 the Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG had a total of six members. The
composition of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's Supervisory Board conforms to the German One-Third Participation
Act. Accordingly, the Supervisory Board is composed of four shareholder representatives and two employee
representatives. There were no changes in the composition of the Supervisory Board in terms of its
members from the capital side in the past financial year. Representatives from the employee side, Ms. Cornelia
Grandy and Mr. Jorg Heinrich, were elected as new members of this body on 11 October 2011. The
previous employee representatives, Mr. Wilhelm Burmeister and Mr. Franz-Jorg Stlindel, stepped down.


--- Page 4 ---

ORMATION TO THE SHAREHOLDERS = SINGLE-ENTITY AND CONSOLIDATE L STATEMENTS = CORPORATE GOVERNANCE = ADDITIONAL INFOR: ON
4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

In its own estimation, the Supervisory Board has a sufficient number of independent members, with
Dr. Guthoff and Dr. Reim, who have no business or personal relationship with Carl Zeiss Meditec AG or
the Management Board. There were no conflicts of interest on the Supervisory Board in financial year
2011/2012.

To fulfill its duties, the Supervisory Board has formed three permanent committees, each of which has three
members: the General and Personnel Committee, the Audit Committee and the Nominating Committee. The
Chairman of the Supervisory Board is Chairman of the General and Personnel Committee. Information on
the work of the individual committees can be found in the Report of the Supervisory Board (page 32) and
on the Company's website at www.meditec.zeiss.com in the “Investor Relations” section under “Explanation
on Corporate Management”.

Remuneration of the Management Board and Supervisory Board

The remuneration of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is uniformly presented and
published in a remuneration report within the management report. To avoid duplication, please refer to
the management report in this Annual Report (page 50) for more information.

Relationship with shareholders, transparency and communication

For selected press releases and price-related news — so-called ad hoc disclosures — Carl Zeiss Meditec uses
electronic distribution channels, which ensure that these disclosures are distributed simultaneously
worldwide in German and English. In the past financial year the Company published 18 press releases. Out
of these, four press releases — taking precedence over the development of business in the individual
quarters of the financial year — and two ad hoc disclosures on the anticipated preliminary sales figures for
financial year 2010/2011 and in the first six months of financial year 2011/2012, were published via
Thomson Reuters’ international distribution system, as being particularly relevant for the capital market.

The Company website at www.meditec.zeiss.com/ir publishes, in German and English, the mandatory
publications such as the Company's interim and annual financial statements, among other things, as well as
additional information, such as corporate governance, presentations, share price data, press releases, a
calendar of events, and much more, for the various interest groups. Telephone conversations, conferences
and regular visits to the Company with or by investors, during which the Company explains its philosophy,
the development of its business and its strategy, serve as additional channels of communication for the
Company.

Directors’ dealings and holdings

In the past financial year no member of the Management Board, but two members of the Supervisory
Board, executed a notifiable securities transaction pursuant to Section 15a German Securities Trading Act
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz, WpHG).

On 10 January 2012, Supervisory Board Member Dr Wolfgang Reim sold 5,000 shares with a total value

of € 82,150.00. In addition, Supervisory Board member Dr. Michael Kaschke and his wife, Sylvia Kaschke,
each sold 500 shares with a total value of € 9,424.37 and € 9,403.86, respectively, on 3 April 2012, and
500 shares each with a total value of € 10,030.00 and € 10,025.00, respectively, on 20 April 2012.



--- Page 5 ---

=

192

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The details of all securities transactions executed by members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board
are published immediately after their disclosure on the Company's website at www.meditec.zeiss.com

in the “Investor Relations” section under “Corporate Governance” in accordance with the prevailing legal
requirements of Section 15b WpHG.

No member of the Management Board or Supervisory Board alone holds shares or related financial
instruments that directly or indirectly exceed one percent of the issued shares of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG.
The total holdings of all members of the executive bodies also total less than one percent.

Announcements on voting rights thresholds

In the past financial year Carl Zeiss Meditec AG received two reports from shareholders stating that the
notifiable voting rights thresholds pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz,
WpHG) had been reached, exceeded, or had fallen below the lower limit. In March, Massachusetts Mutual
Life Insurance Company, Springfield, Massachusetts, USA reported that the voting rights share of MM Asset
Management Holding LLC, Springfield, Massachusetts, USA, had exceeded the threshold of 3% of the
voting rights. In May Legg Mason & Co (UK) Limited, London, United Kingdom, reported that the share

of The Royce Fund, Wilmington, Delaware, USA, in Carl Zeiss Meditec AG had fallen below the threshold of
3%. Also in May Legg Mason & Co (UK) Limited, London, United Kingdom, reported that the share of
Royce & Associates LLC, New York, NY, USA, and the share of Legg Mason Inc., Baltimore, Maryland, USA,
in Carl Zeiss Meditec AG had fallen below the threshold of 3%. The exact wording of all these disclosures
can be found on the Company's website.

Accounting and auditing

The legally prescribed single-entity financial statements of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG, which are relevant for
the dividend payment, are prepared in accordance with the provisions of the German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB) and the German stock corporation act (Aktiengesetz, AktG). The annual
consolidated financial statements and the interim reports of the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group have been
prepared by the Management Board since 2005 in accordance with the principles of the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), as they are to be applied in the European Union. The financial
statements are audited and approved by the Supervisory Board. The annual financial statements prepared
in accordance with German commercial law are thus adopted.

KPMG AG Wirtschaftspriifungsgesellschaft, Stuttgart, audited the consolidated financial statements for
2011/2012, as prepared in accordance with the provisions listed above, and issued them with an
unqualified audit certificate. This also applies for the annual financial statements for financial year
2011/2012 prepared by Carl Zeiss Meditec AG in accordance with the provisions of the German Commercial
Code (HGB).

The Annual General Meeting on 9 March 2012 appointed KPMG AG Wirtschaftspriifungsgesellschaft,
Stuttgart, as auditor for the annual financial statements of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG and the consolidated
financial statements for financial year 2011/2012, after the Supervisory Board had first obtained a
declaration confirming the auditor's independence.


--- Page 6 ---

193

ORMATION TO THE SHAREHOLDERS = SINGLE-ENTITY AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS = CORPORATE GOVERNANCE = ADDITIONAL INFO

4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Supervisory Board agreed with the auditor that the Chairmen of the Supervisory Board and the Audit
Committee shall be immediately informed of any disqualification or bias issues that may arise during

the audit, if these cannot be remedied. The requirements concerning the internal rotation of the auditors
(Section 319a (1) sentence 1 No. 4 HGB) shall be complied with.

It was also agreed that the auditor shall promptly report all findings and events of relevance to the
responsibilities of the Supervisory Board that may arise during the course of the audit. In addition, the
auditor shall inform the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee, or make a note in the
audit report, if it discovers circumstances during the course of the audit that could cause an inaccuracy in
the declaration on the German Corporate Governance Code submitted by the Management Board and the
Supervisory Board.

Il. Discretionary provisions of the German Corporate Governance Code
In accordance with its voluntary commitment to good corporate governance, Carl Zeiss Meditec AG
implements not only the recommendations of the Code — with just two exceptions — but also observes any

relevant “discretionary provisions” of the Code.

The following table gives an overview of these provisions.

Table 1: Implementation status of discretionary provisions of the Code by Carl Zeiss Meditec AG in financial year 2011/2012

No. Discretionary provision Compliance by the Company

<
=

2.2.4 The meeting chairman should ensure that the annual general v
meeting proceeds quickly. He should follow the guideline that
an ordinary general meeting should last no longer than 4 to 6 hours.

233 Proxies nominated by the company should also be contactable v
during the annual general meeting (AGM).

2.3.4 The company should allow shareholders to follow the AGM via ~

modern communication media (e.g. the Internet).
Experiences of other companies show that very

few shareholders have taken advantage of such
opportunities to date, resulting in an unfavorable

cost/benefit ratio. Carl Zeiss Meditec shall monitor
current developments and respond quickly to any

fundamental changes

37 An extraordinary general meeting should be held during a ~

takeover offer, where appropriate.
This will be reviewed, if required. However, the necessity

did not arise in financial year 2011/2012.

3.10 The company should comment on the Code's discretionary v
provisions in its corporate governance report...

5.1.2 When new management board members are appointed, v
the maximum possible term of office of five years should
not be the general rule.

68 Company publications should also be produced in English. v



--- Page 7 ---

=

194

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DECLARATION

Declaration by the Management Board and
Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG
on the German Corporate Governance Code
in accordance with Art. 161 AktG

Pursuant to Section 161 AktG the Management and Supervisory Boards of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG are
obliged to submit an annual declaration that the recommendations of the Regierungskommission Deutscher
Corporate Governance Kodex (Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code) have
been complied with. This declaration must be made permanently accessible to shareholders.

The Management Board and Supervisory Board declare that since the last declaration of conformity dated
5 December 2011, Carl Zeiss Meditec AG has conformed to all the recommendations of the Government
Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code in its version dated 26 May 2010, as published by
the German Federal Ministry of Justice in the official section of the electronic Federal Gazette, with just one
exception (section 5.4.1). In addition, the Management Board and Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec
AG declare that all recommendations of the Code in its amended version dated 15 May 2012 were and are
being complied with, with just two exceptions.

The following exceptions apply:

Section 5.4.1 of the German Corporate Governance Code stipulates that the Supervisory Board shall

set specific targets for its composition, which — taking the company-specific situation into account — shall
consider the international activities of the Company, potential conflicts of interest, the number of
independent Supervisory Board members within the meaning of Section 5.4.2, an age limit to be defined
for Supervisory Board members, and diversity. These targets should also, in particular, include a reasonable
number of women on the Supervisory Board.

The Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec is of the opinion that the composition of the Supervisory Board
should, first and foremost, be geared to the interests of the Company, and must ensure efficient consulting
with and monitoring of the Management Board. When appointing the Supervisory Board of Carl Zeiss
Meditec AG, the priority shall therefore be to ensure that the members have the necessary capabilities, skills
and specialist qualifications to properly fulfil their duties, as well as their independence. A leading global
enterprise such as Carl Zeiss Meditec must also consider aspects such as internationality and the appropriate
participation of women when appointing its Management and Supervisory Boards. Carl Zeiss Meditec has
always endeavored to comply with these principles up until now, and shall also take them into account in
future decisions when appointing the members of its executive bodies.

Section 5.4.6 of the Code in its version dated 15 May 2012 provides, for the first time, for a variable
remuneration promised to the members of the Supervisory Board to be tied to the sustainable success
of the Company.

The provisions for the remuneration of the Supervisory Board members were reformulated by way of a
resolution of the Annual General Meeting dated 12 April 2011. These provisions stipulate a variable
remuneration, which is dependent on the Company's earnings per share and is limited to no more than
the fixed remuneration (including the fixed remuneration for advisory activities). The detailed regulations
are contained in Art. 19 of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG's Articles of Association.

The Supervisory Board shall address the amended recommendations for the performance-related remuneration
of Supervisory Board members — pursuant to the revised version of the German Corporate Governance Code
dated 15 May 2012 — in good time before the next Annual General Meeting planned for March 2013.

Jena, 29 November 2012

For the Supervisory Board For the Management Board
(Dr. Michael Kaschke) (Dr. Ludwin Monz)


--- Page 8 ---

o = CORPORATE GOVERNANCE =
4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DECLARATION
‘4 OTHER DISCLOSURES

Explanatory report of the Management Board of
Carl Zeiss Meditec AG on the disclosures pursuant
to Art. 289 Section 4 and 315 Section 4 HGB

As an introduction please refer to the disclosures pursuant to Art. 289 Section 4 and 315 Section 4 HGB in
the consolidated management report for financial year 2011/2012, which are self-explanatory. In addition
to these disclosures, the Management Board of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG is issuing the following explanatory
report:

Classes of shares other than those described in the disclosures of the consolidated management report for
financial year 2011/2012 as mentioned above do not exist. Nor are there restrictions on behalf of Carl Zeiss
Meditec AG concerning the voting rights or transfer of shares. Furthermore, the Management Board is not
aware of any other agreements concluded, for example, between individual shareholders.

The voting rights announcement last issued by Carl Zeiss AG pursuant to Art. 21 Section 1, Art. 22 Section 1
Sentence 1 No. 1 German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz, WpHG) is dated 15 February 2006.
Another voting rights announcement in connection with Germany’s Transparency Directive Implementation
Act (Transparenzrichtlinie-Umsetzungsgesetz, TUG) by 20 January 2007 was not required due to Art. 41
Section 4a Sentence 2. The voting rights announcement pursuant to Section 21 (1), Section 24 WpHG,
which was issued by Carl Zeiss AG on behalf of Carl Zeiss Inc., is dated 27 October 2006. All voting rights
announcements can be inspected on the Company's website at www.meditec.zeiss.com/ir, “Corporate
Governance — Vote Rights Disclosures”.

The Company did not issue shares with special rights that grant supervisory powers.

The legal provisions concerning the appointment and dismissal of members of the Management Board are
set forth in Section 84 and Section 85 AktG. In compliance with this, Art. 6 (2) of the Articles of Association
of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG stipulates that the Supervisory Board shall be responsible for appointing and
dismissing the members of the Management Board. Pursuant to statutory provisions, a member of the
Management Board may only be dismissed for compelling reasons. The Supervisory Board is responsible for
concluding and terminating contracts of employment with the members of the Management Board.

Further details on the authorization of the Management Board to repurchase own shares can be found
in the Invitation to the Annual General Meeting 2010 under Agenda item 6 “Resolution on authorization
to purchase Company's own shares” and the related report of the Management Board. The invitation is
available on the Company's website at: “Annual General Meeting 2010”.

The Company has not entered into any significant agreements contingent upon a change of control
following a takeover bid.

Nor has the Company concluded any compensation agreements with the members of the Management
Board or employees for the event of a takeover offer.

195

<
=

