

--- Page 1 ---

Schibsted
Media Group

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED MEDIA GROUP

Schibsted is an international
media group with approximately
7,800 employees in 29 countries.
Schibsted's strategy comprises
two main objectives: further
development of our media
houses and establishment of
online classifieds services.

Strong media houses represent the core
of our activities, and our corporate growth
strategy is based on close collaboration
between different media channels.

Our objective is to develop our business
activities so that we can offer our users

a wide range of services, irrespective of
which channels they choose to use.

The diversity of Schibsted’s product range
is closely aligned with our strong tradition
of editorial freedom and our ability to
adapt to a media market that is constantly
undergoing rapid change.

ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

ETABLISHED PHASE
+ Finn.no

+ Blocket.se/Bytbil.com
+ Leboncoin.fr

+ Anuntis

+ InfoJobs.net

+ Subito.it

+ Willhaben.at

+ DoneDeaLie

INVESTMENT PHASE
+ Activities in 14 markets

MEDIA HOUSES

SCHIBSTED NORGE

+ Subscription based media houses
(Aftenposten, Bergens Tidende, Stavanger
Aftenblad, Feedrelandsvennen)

+ Single-copy based media house (VG)

+ Other businesses (Schibsted Vekst,
Schibsted Trykk, Schibsted Forlag)

SCHIBSTED SVERIGE

+ Subscription based media house
(Svenska Dagbladet)

+ Single-copy based media house
(Aftonbladet)

+ Schibted Tillvaxtmedier

MEDIA HOUSES INTERNATIONAL
+ 20 Minutes (France)

+ 20 Minutos (Spain)

+ Eesti Media Group



--- Page 2 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

Online
assitieds

+ Growth and high margins in Norway and Sweden

+ Consolidated position, high level of growth in revenues and
profits for Leboncoin.fr, France's leading classifieds website

+ Greater reach and revenue growth for the profitable positions
in Italy, Austria and Ireland

+ Traffic significantly increased on mobile platforms

+ Weak economic conditions created challenging market
conditions for the businesses in Spain

+ Good progress for companies in the investment phase in Europe,
Asia and Latin America, including a competitive Brazilian market

ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS (NOK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 3,647 3,198
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) 1,098 993
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) ex. Investment phase 1628 1405
Operating margin (EBITDA) 31%
Operating margin (EBITDA) ex. Investment phase 46%
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) Investment phase (412)

The growth rate in operating revenues was 14 percent.

Online classifieds is an industry in which significant advantages are derived from holding
the position of clear market leader. Both buyers and sellers are attracted to the market
leader, laying the foundation for high profitability.

Schibsted’s online classified business is comprised of market-leading positions with
commendable margins in Norway, Sweden, France, Spain, Italy, Austria and Ireland. These
are what we refer to as businesses in the Established phase. Growth in these markets in
2012 was strong. Key drivers of growth include: increased volumes, expansion into new market
segments, price-optimization, growth in the number of users, and product development.

Leveraging expertise, technology and experience from the established markets, Schibsted
is expanding and establishing online classified services in new regions. We refer to these
companies in the Investment phase, currently in Europe, Asia, Latin America and North
Africa. Investments in new markets like these were intensified in 2012, and are treated as
operating expenses. These investments primarily take the form of marketing initiatives.



--- Page 3 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

While competition from both local and international actors is observable, Schibsted
achieved favorable results in the form of increased traffic, advertising, and consolidated
market positions in 2012.

The significance of mobile platforms also increased dramatically in 2012. Year-end,
mobile platforms accounted for approximately 30 percent of the traffic on Finn.no and
for more than 40 percent of the traffic on Blocket.se. Other services also recognize the
same trend. In Finn.no, for example, all product development is executed under the
motto ‘Mobile first’, whereby all new channels are developed for mobile devices before
or in parallel with desktop

In 2012 Schibsted’s online classified websites outside Norway achieved more than 14 billion
page views in the span of only one month. In August Finn.no in Norway had more than
960 million page views.



--- Page 4 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

FINN.NO

+ Strong growth in revenues and profits in 2012 MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Commitments in new areas such as personal finance and * Significant strengthening of mobile services
. + Expanded interactivity on Finn Recruitment
service marketplaces a ;
: : : : and connections with social networks
+ Rapid change in user behavior, fram desktop to mobile platforms. — - Growth in personal finance. In 2012

Organization restructured to effectively manage a multi- penger.no established a service for auto
channel future insurance, and already had a marketplace
; . for home loans
+ Voted Norway's best workplace for the second year running
AWARDS
+ Best workplace (Great Place to Work)
FINN (NOK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 1,266 1,135
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 620 536
profit (loss) from associated companies
Operating margin (EBITDA) 49% 47%
Finn.no continued its positive trend.

Finn.no was established as a freestanding business in 2000, and is today Norway's
undisputed leading online marketplace, with core markets in: auto, boat, property,
recruitment, generalist, travel, and trades and services. Finn has a very high market
share in the conventional classified markets, and is inarguably Norway's most visited
site measured in terms of page views (source: TNS Gallup).

As the leading marketplace, Finn is exposed to market fluctuations. The trends for.
Recruitment and Auto in 2012 were moderate. Systematic work price optimization,
product development, and growth in new segments have compensated for this.
Revenues increased by 14 percent in the Auto segment, while Recruitment increased by
11 percent. Underlying growth in the Property segment was 12 percent. Finn’s Buy and Sell
segment achieved a revenue growth of 15 percent, while Travel increased by 11 percent.

2012 was the year when mobile surfing really took off on Finn.no. The transition rate of
traffic from desktop to mobile platforms has been approximately 1 percent per month.
Finn.no's mobile service is among the top 10 services in Norway, and was the fastest-
growing service in 2012 (Source: TNS Gallup). The share of users on mobile platforms at
year-end was 30 percent, with a record-breaking Christmas week of 37 percent.

10


--- Page 5 ---

BLOCKE T.SE/BYTBIL.COM

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

+ Good growth and increased profitability for Blocket/Bytbil

+ Mobile platforms account for half the traffic

+ Blocket one of Sweden's most frequently downloaded iPhone
applications

+ Consolidated position in the homes and recruitment segments

BLOCKET/BYT BIL (SEK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 714 691
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 415 382
profit (loss) from associated companies

Operating margin (EBITDA) 54% 55%

Blocket/Bytbil continues its positive trend.

Blocket.se is Sweden's largest market for online buying and selling, and one of Sweden's
strongest brands. The site is the uncontested market leader in the generalist and auto
segments. In 2011 Blocket launched new verticals for property and recruitment, and
during 2012 it has increased its market share significantly in the property segment. The
recruitment market is relatively fragmented. Blocket has established a position among the
leading participants in this segment.

Bytbil.com is an effective marketplace for the motor industry.

The general trend in Sweden for buying and selling second-hand items continued, driven,
in part, by greater environmental awareness. On the other hand, the level of activity

in the auto market was low, a factor which hampered trends for Blocket and Bytbil. In
2012 Blocket implemented measures such as new functionality and new price models to
strengthen revenues.

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Consolidated position in the homes and
recruitment segments. Increased the
number of affiliated estate agents

+ New applications increased mobile traffic

+ Further organizational development, with
recruitment of highly skilled employees

nl


--- Page 6 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

LEBONCOIN.FR

+ Continued growth in traffic and revenues MEASURES AND CHANGES
g
+ 500,000 advertisements placed per day in 2012 * National sales team was successfully
: . at we and completely integrated in-house
+ The leading online classifieds website in France. Accessed by » Launched well-received mobile
39.4% of the French population applications

(source: Médiamétrie NetRatings)
+ Broad based growth in revenues, with increased footprint in the
professional auto market as an important contributor

LEBONCOIN (EUR million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 977 641
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 66.7 448
profit (Loss) from associated companies

Operating margin (EBITDA) 68% 70%

In 2012 Leboncoin.fr continued its positive trend. The site's revenue growth was 52 percent.

Leboncoin.fr was launched in 2006 as a model of the Swedish success-story, Blocket.
se. Since then, Leboncoin.fr has secured its position as the leading online classifieds site
in the French market. Schibsted originally owned 50 percent of the site, but acquired the
remainder of the shares in 2010.

Historically, the cornerstone of Leboncoin.fr's business model has been the sale of second-
hand items between private individuals, and this continues to be the case. However, as

measured in volume, Leboncoin.fr is also France's largest website for cars and real estate,
and is forging ahead with strong growth in both the jobs and holiday home rental markets.

Leboncoin benefited from taking a long-term view at inception, focusing on the user
experience and ultimately creating an unrivaled consumer-to-consumer people's movement
in France. The company's current philosophy is to remain free for individual users, and
thus, the core of its classifieds business is widely regarded as a ‘public service’ in France.

Mobile applications now contribute to approximately 400 million of these monthly page
views. The website also boosts approximately 5 million users per day.

The growth originated from a broad base of revenue drivers. The introduction of paid for
professional services in the auto segment in second half of 2011 remained a significant
contributor to the growth in 2012. Leboncoin.fr has taken the position as the largest
classifieds site for cars both in the professional and private markets

12


--- Page 7 ---

OTHER

ESS

BUSI
SHED

ESTABI

PHASE

ES IN THE

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

Through the Spanish subsidiaries, Anuntis
and InfoJobs, Schibsted Media Group has
a strong market position in the generalist,
recruitment, cars and real estate segments.
Schibsted also has established profitable
market leading positions in Italy and Austria.
In these markets, Schibsted's presence

is the result of the greenfield expansion
strategy. In Ireland, Schibsted acquired the
majority of DoneDeal.ie in 2011. DoneDeal.
ie is the market leader in generalist and
private car listings in Ireland.

SPAIN

Segundamano.es

Segundamano is the leading generalist
classified site in Spain, based on the Blocket
platform. In 2012 the site focused on
product improvements, launched a highly
optimized website for mobile devices.

InfoJobs.net

2012 has been a demanding year to operate
a job classifieds site in Spain, where unem-
ployment is currently twenty-five percent
and demand for job advertising remains
low. The activity among job seekers, on the
other hand, is high, and InfoJobs retains its
position as the preferred job portal, both
for companies and candidates. Throughout
the year InfoJobs maintained focus on both
its product and its people in preparation for
eventual improvement in economic condi-
tions. In 2012 InfoJobs was awarded Best
Workplace in Spain in the Great Place to
Work survey.

Coches.net

Coches.net maintained its position as the
leading classified site for cars in Spain in
2012. Similar to peer sites in southern
Europe, it was impacted by regional

economic headwinds, but has proven to be
even more resilient than the real estate
and jobs sites.

Fotocasa.es

Fotocasa.es, the Spanish real estate site,
was tested this year by the country’s
economic crisis, and the domestic property
market in particular. In spite of a difficult
economic environment and competitive
forces, Fotocasa had solid traffic growth
in 2012, fuelled, in part, by its mobile
products. The site is competing neck and
neck with its main competitor for the
number-one position in the Spanish real
estate market.

ITALY

Subito.it

Modeled on the Blocket platform, Subito

was launched in 2007 and has emerged as
the leading generalist classified site in Italy.
2012 was both, Subito's first year report-

ing profitability and as an established site

in the SCM portfolio. Over the year the site
strengthened both its competitive position
and financial performance through continued
growth in traffic and advertisements. In terms
of volume, Subito is number one in the market
for generalist listings and for cars. Subito.it is
the eight largest website in Italy overall when
it comes to traffic measured by page views
(source: Comscore, December 2012)

AUSTRIA

Willhaben.at

The Austrian classified site Willhaben was
launched in January 2006, based on the
same concept and technology as Finn.no.
Willhaben is the clear market leader in the
generalist segment, and also has a

number one position in real estate. It also
has a strong position in cars. The site is
among the top six online sites in Austria in
terms of traffic measured by page views
(source: Comscore, December 2012). The
willhaben.at site is a joint venture between
SCM and the Austrian media company,
Styria Medien AG.

IRELAND

DoneDeal.ie (Ireland)

In September 2011, Schibsted Classified
Media acquired a majority share in DoneDeal,
the leading classifieds website in Ireland
DoneDeal, established in 2005, shares many
features with the Blocket concept, including
the successful build-out of automobile and
jobs verticals. It maintains a leading position
in Ireland in brand recognition. It is the clear
market leader in the generalist segment and
the largest site in terms of volume in the
private market for cars.

13


--- Page 8 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

BUSINESSES |
NVESTMENT

PHASE

HE

+ Increased investments, u
emerging markets

ilizing windows of opportunity in

+ On aclear path to leadership among generalist classifieds
sites in their respective markets

Schibsted Media Group maintains its
long-term objective of building a diversified
portfolio for future growth by establishing
online classifieds sites in new and emerging
markets. Schibsted has so far done so by
establishing new businesses, based mainly
on the successful Swedish platform,
Blocket.se.

Schibsted has more than 13 years of expe-
rience in operating online classifieds sites,
and has developed sites from greenfields
to clear market leaders in several European
countries. Competence and experience is
leveraged through the expansion strategy.

As of 2012, Schibsted Classified Media's
businesses in the Investment phase include
activities in 14 markets with local operational
organizations. In addition, we operate
‘remote-controlled' sites in several markets.
While the businesses have historically
been concentrated in Europe, Schibsted
Classified Media has forged a presence in
both Latin America and Asia. The Asian
investment is a 50-50 joint venture with
Singapore Press Holdings.

Brazil, with its large population and
accelerating Internet penetration, remains
an attractive and competitive market.
Bomnegocio.br (based on the Blocket
concept) and InfoJobs.com.br are therefore
important investments for Schibsted.
2012's achievements have strengthened
Schibsted’s confidence in its strategy and

return on the investments. On this basis,
Schibsted has signaled greater activity and
investment in 2013.

EUROPE

Kapaza.be (Belgium)

Kapaza was established in 2003 and was
acquired by Schibsted in May 2008. It was
migrated to the Blocket platform in June
2010. Kapaza is one of the two largest
players in Belgium's generalist online class-
ifieds market, and holds leading positions
in both professional and private auto and
real estate segments. In real estate, this is
through an exclusive partnership arrange-
ment in the Flanders region.

CustoJusto.pt (Portugal)

CustoJusto.pt was launched in the final
quarter of 2008 and is part of the Blocket
family. As of 2011 the site took a leading
position in the generalist segment in terms
of page views. However, by the second half
of 2012 the market witnessed consolidation
between the largest and third-largest
players. In 2012, CustoJusto was awarded
the Portuguese Consumer's Choice Award
as the most user-friendly and trustworthy
classified site.

Jéfogas.hu (Hungary)

Launched in January 2010, Jofogas is a
more recent Blocket clone, and also demon-
strated strong growth in 2012.The website
has since secured a leading position in the

Hungarian market, and this position was
further enhanced in Q4 2012 with the 50%
acquisition of HaznaltAuto, Hungary's
leading automobile classifieds site.

Tocmai.ro (Romania)

In June 2011, Schibsted acquired a fifty-
five percent share in Tocmai, a classifieds
website in Romania. A subsequent 40
percent share in the site was also acquired
later, leaving the remaining balance of five
percent with the founder. Since its launch
in the summer of 2009 Tocmai has
witnessed strong traffic growth and,
securing a leading position in the Romanian
market, begun monetization in 2012.

The company’s founder remains on the
management team and as a shareholder.

Tori.fi (Finland)

Launched in December 20039, Tori-fiis
Finland's version of Blocket. In 2012 the
website has witnessed remarkable loyalty
amongst its user base, driving unique
content growth and an observable ‘people's
movement’. Active and loyal users have
been instrumental in Tori.fi's fast growth
in unique content, making Tori.fi a major
destination site in Finland.

Tutti.ch (Switzerland)

Tutti.ch is the Swiss rendering of Blocket,
launched in January 2010. The Swiss
market is characterized by intense com-
petition between various regional and
national players. Tutti.ch reported record
traffic figures in 2012 as well as growth
of organic traffic, primarily through the
mobile application and mobile site.

Infojobs.it (Italy)
Although the Italian labor market and
economy have posed fewer headwinds

14


--- Page 9 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS

than in Spain, few Italian businesses are
advertising to hire new people.

The difficult situation in the market aside,
Infojobs.it remains popular amongst job
seekers and remains the most-visited job
site in the Italian market.

ASIA

AyosDito.ph (Philippines)

AyosDito was launched in the summer of
2009 and is now one of two Leaders in the
classifieds market in the Philippines. 2012
saw the launch of successful new mobile
products, capitalizing on high mobile usage.

Berniaga.com (Indonesia)

Berniaga was launched in December 2009,
and witnessed rapid growth in a dynamic
and promising market. Prioritizing both
online and offline marketing strategies,
Berniaga has succeeded in driving traffic.

Like its Asian peers in the Blocket portfolio,

the site has also focused on mobile access
and usage.

Mudah.my (Malaysia)

Mudah (meaning ‘simple’ or ‘practical’)
launched in Malaysia in December 2007,
and was the first Blocket venture outside
Europe. Today Mudah is the largest class-
ifieds website in Malaysia and has already
witnessed meaningful traction and organic
growth in its automobile vertical, and
monetization in new categories, namely
jobs. Mudah's recently launched mobile
site has witnessed record traffic overnight,
and confirms high market demand for
classifieds access on-the-go.

LATIN AMERICA

Bomnegécio.com (Brazil)
Schibsted's generalist classified site in
Brazil was launched on the Blocket
platform in 2011 and has grown rapidly
throughout 2012, with the support of TV
advertising campaigns and a strong local
team.

InfoJobs.com.br (Brazil)

The Brazilian job site, Infojobs.com.br is
built upon the same model as the Spanish
and Italian Infojobs sites. 2012 was a year
marked by strong growth, and Infojobs

is now established as one of the top job
portals in a job advertising market with
large potential.

Yapo.cl (Chile)

2012 was the first full year with a local
team in place in Chile. Yapo.cl, which is

a Blocket-model generalist classifieds
site, had a very strong year and is already
among the most-visited classified sites in
Chile. Successful offline advertising has
helped fuel Yapo’s remarkable growth.

AFRICA

Bikhir.ma (Morocco)

Bikhir, Blocket's clone in Morocco, has
grown rapidly since its introduction in June
2011. During this time, Bikhir has not only
become one of the leading classifieds site
in Morocco, but also one of the most visited
websites on the Moroccan online market.
The operation recently opened headquarters
in Casablanca.

15


--- Page 10 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED NORGE

Schibsted
Norge

+ Rapid transition to digital media
+ Comprehensive cost savings program initiated
+ The change process continues

SCHIBSTED NORGE MEDIA HOUSE (NOK million)

ing revenues, print

on revenues, print

Other revenues, print

Operating revenues
Gross operating profit (EBITDA)
Operating margin (EBITDA)

Schibsted Norge was established as a new organizational unit and wholly owned subsidiary
in 2012. The media houses in Schibsted Norge comprise the subscription newspapers.
(print, online and mobile) Aftenposten, Bergens Tidende, Stavanger Aftenblad and
Feedrelandsvennen, the single-copy newspaper VG (print, online and mobile), the digital
investment company Schibsted Vekst, the printing business Schibsted Trykk, the advertising
sales company Webtraffic Norge, and the book publisher Schibsted Forlag.

The media industry is undergoing major changes. Both users and advertisers are changing
their behavior, and the rate of transition to digital products and services is accelerating.
Schibsted has been innovating for many years now, and has managed to gain several
market-leading digital positions. Its brands have been reinforced in the digital world, and in
2012 Schibsted Norge reached more users than ever before.

Schibsted has responded to the changes in the industry in two ways: first, by concentrating on
efficiency and cost reductions in the print publications, and second, by increasing the use
of resources and the speed of innovation in the digital part of the business. These changes
are being implemented to secure strong editorial products that can provide a basis for
healthy, profitable development in the digital future.

Cost control in the media houses has been good in 2012, and costs in the print-based part
of the business have been reduced. In the second half of 2012 a cost savings program

was developed, and is expected to have an effect of NOK 400 million in 2013-2014. These
measures include staff reductions, centralized advertisement production and customer
service, cooperation on support services and sales, editorial cooperation, greater use of
design templates and improved planning of production. Most of the cost reductions will be
achieved by reducing the number of staff.

16


--- Page 11 ---

The digital commitment in the media houses applies across the board. The use of mobile
services is increasing dramatically, and all the businesses are concentrating on both

product development and advertising sales on mobile. On the mobile platforms in Norway,

VG has established itself in a class of its own. Web TV is another area showing strong
growth. Work has also been done on establishing a unit for national advertising sales and
targeted recruitment of digital expertise.

One key challenge is to establish revenue flows from users of editorial products. In 2012
Feedrelandsvennen created a subscription bundle for its print and online newspapers.
Subscribers retain the print newspaper in addition to gaining free access to all content in
digital format. The launch has proved successful, and the trend in recent years of falling
circulation has been turned around. The goal is to launch similar products in the other
subscription newspapers in Schibsted Norge.

In 2012 Schibsted Vekst has invested in new digital services in accommodation rental and
e-books. At year-end, the company launched Lendo, which has proven highly successful in
Sweden. This is a price comparison service in connection with taking up private Loans.

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED NORGE

7


--- Page 12 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED NORGE

SUBSCRIPTION NEWSPAPERS

+ Consolidated commitment to developing digital products MEASURES AND CHANGES
+ Reduced print circulation (-4%) * Staff reductions

P 5 . ° Loe + Centralized advertisement production
+ Comprehensive cost saving measures initiated and customer service

+ Cooperation on support services, sales
and editorial content
SUBSCRIPTION BASED NEWSPAPERS 2012 2011 + Faedrelandsvennen launched a paid print/

NORWAY (NOK million) digital bundle subscription product. The

Operating revenues 4,109 4,178 market response has been positive and
- of which print 3,759 3,895 the other three subscription based

~ of which online 350 283 newspapers in Norway will introduce
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 408 541

similar products during 2013
profit (loss) from associated companies pl 9

- of which print
- of which online

Gross operating margin (EBITDA)
Advertsing vol

lume (column meters)

Circulation weekdays (copies) *)

*) Aftenposten, Bergens Tidende, Stavanger Aftenblad, Faedrelandsvennen.

Four media houses for subscription newspapers are incorporated in Schibsted Norge:
Aftenposten, Bergens Tidende, Stavanger Aftenblad and Faedrelandsvennen, all of which
also operate their own news websites.

18


--- Page 13 ---

Aftenposten

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED NORGE

AFTENPOSTEN

AFTENPOSTEN (NOK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 2,078 2,138
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 200 27
profit (loss) from associated companies

Operating margin (EBITDA) 10% 13%

Aftenposten is Norway's leading subscription-based media house. Its core businesses
comprise publication of Aftenposten print newspaper and aftenposten.no online
newspaper.

Total operating revenues in 2012 amounted to NOK 2,078 million (-3%).

Average newspaper circulation was 225,981 copies (-4%).

BERGENS TIDENDE

BERGENS TIDENDE (NOK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 937 947
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 17 145
profit (loss) from associated companies

Operating margin (EBITDA) 12% 15%

Bergens Tidende is western Norway's leading media house. Its core businesses comprise
publication of Bergens Tidende print newspaper and bt.no online newspaper. BT also owns
several local newspapers.

Total operating revenues in 2012 amounted to NOK 937 million (-1%).

Average newspaper circulation was 76,817 copies (-3%).

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Aftenposten Aften was closed. A separate
Oslo section in the morning edition from
1 January 2013. The free newspaper
Osloby was launched at the same time.

+ Children's newspaper Junior launched

+ Osloby.no website launched

AWARDS

+ Norwegian Media Businesses Association:
Local Aften ‘Sales Organization of the
Year’

+ Norwegian Media Businesses Association:
A-magasinet's iPad application ‘Tablet
Edition of the Year’

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Web TV product was strengthened with
its own feature series

+ New services online: Sprek (fitness service),
Hoopla (event service) and Pust
(environmental service)

+ Andreas Thorsheim appointed new CEO

+ Gard Steiro new Editor-in-Chief from
December 2012

AWARDS

+ Picture of the Year: 1st prize in the
Everyday Life category. Photographer:
Eirik Brekke

+ Two of the year’s three SKUP diplomas
(investigative journalism): ‘Daden pa
veiene’ and ‘PST og Global Shield”

19


--- Page 14 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED NORGE

STAVANGER AFTENBLAD

STAVANGER AFTENBLAD (NOK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 630 638
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 83 94
profit (loss) from associated companies

Operating margin (EBITDA) 13% 15%

Stavanger Aftenblad is south-west Norway's leading media house. Its core business
comprises publication of Stavanger Aftenblad print newspaper and Aftenbladet.no online
newspaper.

Total operating revenues in 2012 amounted to NOK 630 million (-1%)

Average newspaper circulation was 61,636 copies (-3%)

FA-DRELANDSVENNEN
FAEDRELANDSVENNEN (NOK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 408 413
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 5 a7
profit (loss) from associated companies
Operating margin (EBITDA) 1% 7%

Feedrelandsvennen is southern Norway's leading media house. Its core business

comprises publication of Feedrelandsvennen print newspaper and fvn.no online newspaper.

Total operating revenues in 2012 amounted to NOK 408 million (-1%).

Average newspaper circulation was 35,441 copies (-3%).

MEASURES AND CHANGES
+ Siv Juvik Tveitnes appointed new CEO
from 1 January 2013

AWARDS
+ Picture of the Year: Tommy Ellingen
(‘En nasjon i sorg’)

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ New subscription solution combining
online and print

+ Redesign of the web, mobile and tablet
editions

AWARDS
+ Norwegian Media Businesses Association:
‘Local News Website of the Year’

20


--- Page 15 ---

VG MEDIA HOUS

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED NORGE

+ Digitial advertising revenues exceeded print advertising revenues.

Total advertising revenues were up compared to 2011

+ Continued commitment to digital through product development,
payment strategies and organizational changes

+ VG Helg was Norway's most-read newspaper supplement

SINGLE COPY NEWSPAPER VG (NOK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 1,920 1,906
- of which print 1,423 1,498
- of which online 454 360
- of which other a7 48
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 308 310
from associated companies

- of which print 194 2
- of which online 110 gL
- of which other 4 8

Operating margin (EBITDA)
Advertsing valume (colurnn meters)

Circulation weekde

VG media house publishes VG, Norway's undisputed leading single-copy newspaper.

The online edition, VG.no, is the biggest online news site in Norway and one of the biggest

websites in Norway irrespective of category.

Total operating revenues in 2012 amounted to NOK 1,920 million. Revenues from digital

products increased by 26 percent, and were driven by positive trends in mobile

advertisements and web TV.

Average newspaper circulation was 188,353 copies (-11%)

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ VG Helg was relaunched on glossy paper

+ VG Sport was upgraded and relaunched

+ ‘Dyrebar’, a new club concept (animals),
was introduced

+ VG Direkte, a brand new service for
reporting news events in real time

AWARDS

+ Picture of the Year: 1st prize: ‘Sport
action’ (Helge Mikalsen); 1st prize:
‘Mennesker' (Terje Bringedal); 1st prize:
‘Video Nyhet’ (VGTV)

+ Norwegian Media Businesses Association:
National Website of the Year

+ Norwegian Media Businesses Association:
Web TV Story of the Year

21


--- Page 16 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED NORGE

OTHER BUSINESSES

SCHIBSTED VEKST

Schibsted Vekst invests in companies with potential of becoming market leaders, with a
particular focus on digital marketplaces.

In 2012 the company's portfolio was strengthened by the Launch of Lendo, a new market-
place for consumer Loans in Norway, Husleie.no, a service for administrating tenancy
agreements, and Ebok.no, a new digital marketplace for e-books.

Schibsted Sverige has previously successfully launched Lendo. Ebok.no will be relaunched
in 2013. Schibsted Vekst now has a presence in the following markets: consumer loans,
rental of private accommodation, dating, e-books, and self-service advertising.

SCHIBSTED TRYKK

Schibsted Trykk is an umbrella company for Schibsted's five printing houses in Oslo,
Bergen (two), Stavanger and Kristiansand.

Falling volumes and circulation figures characterize the print newspapers, and the overall
market in Schibsted Trykk’s business area has declined. Schibsted Trykk has nonetheless
shown growth compared to 2011 and increased its market shares.

A cooperation agreement between Schibsted Trykk and Polaris Trykk ensures nationwide
solutions and shorter transport routes for customers.

SCHIBSTED FORLAG

Schibsted Forlag is Norway's fourth-largest publishing house.

lt has consolidated its commitment to the digital market, and most books are now also
released in digital format. Together with Schibsted Vekst, Schibsted Forlag has acquired
Ebok.no. The reason for this acquisition is to compete in the fast-growing digital book
market.

22


--- Page 17 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED SVERIGE



--- Page 18 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED SVERIGE

Schibsted
Sverige

+ Schibsted Sverige's leading position in the Swedish digital
media sector was consolidated.

+ Aftonbladet's advertising revenues for online higher than for print.

+ Rapid growth in mobile traffic.

SCHIBSTED SVERIGE MEDIA HOUSE (NOK million) 2012
Advertising revenues, print 719
Circulation revenues, print 1,469
Other revenues, print ad
Online revenues 1,384
Other revenues (4)
Operating revenues 3,538
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) 429
Operating margin (EBITDA) 12%

Schibsted Sverige comprises three key business areas: Aftonbladet (single-copy print
newspaper and online newspaper), Svenska Dagbladet (morning print newspaper and
online newspaper) and Schibsted Tillvaxtmedier (a portfolio of internet-based growth
companies).

The growth rate in operating revenues was minus 2 percent. Cost trends have been positive
since the profitability measures that were announced in the autumn of 2011 have taken
full effect in 2012.

Schibsted Sverige is in the middle of a structural and economic change in print news press,
combined with a focus on growing the digital business revenues, both from online news
media and growth companies. In 2012 the Swedish market was also affected by a modest
macroeconomic development.

A strong online revenue growth is made possible by Schibsted Sverige's leading market
position in online traffic. Schibsted Sverige has earned top rankings in terms of average
weekly traffic in web, mobile and apps throughout the year. Schibsted Sverige has as much
digital traffic from mobile phones alone as the closest competitor has had from all its
channels combined (web, apps and mobile).

During 2012 Schibsted Sverige has worked to strengthen the platform for future digital growth.
Internal resources have been focused on implementing a group-wide online advertising system,
launching a centralized sales unit (Schibsted Sales), enhancing the strategic position in
web TV, and continuing to invest in the Personal Finance area.

24


--- Page 19 ---

AFTONBLA

ET

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED SVERIGE

+ One of the world's first media houses to achieve greater
advertising revenues in online media than in print media.

+ The organization was restructured to give priority to digital platforms.
+ Heavy commitment to competence development of all employees.

AFTONBLADET (SEK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 2,168 2,239
- of which print newspaper 1621 L776
- of which online newspaper 547 463
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 312 310
profit (loss) from associated companies

- of which print newspaper 170 199
- of which online newspaper 142 il
Operating margin (EBITDA) 14% 14%
Advertising volume (column meters) 17,725 18.328

Aftonbladet is Sweden's leading news media in all channels: print, web, mobile and web TV.

Revenues from online products increased by 18 percent, while revenues from print
decreased by 9 percent. The volume of print advertising was reduced by 3 percent.

Aftonbladet continues to lead the way in the media industry's structural reorganization, and
is working hard to address readers’ changing media habits. Throughout 2012 Aftonbladet
has retained its position as market leader on all platforms: print, web, mobile and web TV.

The total reach of Aftonbladet’s products is increased

The trend in mobile is rapidly increasing. Aftonbladet's mobile website is Sweden's

second-biggest news website, second only to Aftonbladet's own website, aftonbladet.se.

(Source: Orvesto Konsument, KIA Index.)

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Redesign of print newspaper and online

+ Further development of Aftonbladet’s
digital payment service Plus, which at
year-end had aprox. 160,000 subscribers

+ Launch of Tipsa! — a tip-off portal that
also provides the possibility to interact
with readers

+ Launch of Hannah & Amanda - a multi-
media product on web TV, blog, and a
magazine for a young, urban, female
target group

+ Launch of Paolos Mat, a magazine for
food enthusiasts

AWARDS

+ Grand Journalism Award: Storyteller of
the Year: Carina Bergfeldt

+ Newspaper of the Year: Digital Medier

+ Guldmobilen: News Service of the Year

+ Sports Journalist of the Year: Erik Niva

25


--- Page 20 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED SVERIGE

SVENSKA

DAG

BLA

ET

+ Successful Launch of nliv.se, Sweden's biggest online business

service

+ 400 percent increase in traffic on the mobile news website

+ Svenska Dagbladet is now the largest online morning paper in

Sweden

+ Reorganization of editorial department to improve adaptation

to digital production

SVENSKA DAGBLADET (SEK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 1,087 1,148
- of which print newspaper 1,020 1,102
- of which online newspaper 67 46
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 59 87
from associated companies
- of which print newspaper 42 79
- of which online newspaper Ww 8
Operating margin (EBITDA) 5%
Advertising volume (column meters) 22.780

174,400

Svenska Dagbladet is a subscription-based, national newspaper with a particularly

strong position in the Stockholm region.

Revenues from digital products increased by 46 percent. The volume of print advertising
was reduces by 8 percent, while Svenska Dagbladet increased its volume shares in the

advertising market.

Average newspaper circulation was 174,400 copies (- 6%).

Svenska Dagbladet implemented several measures to adapt to the new media world.

This included the Launch of a new vision based on extensive branding work in which all the

employees were involved.

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Extensive redesign of the business
content online

+ Successful relaunch of SvD Magasinet.
Consolidated position in the homes market

+ SvD Insikt, a social affairs magazine for iPad,
was closed because of poor profitability

AWARDS

+ Grand Journalism Award: Innovator
of the Year: Olle Zachrison, Carolina
Neurath, Jan Almgren, Mark Malmstrém,
Peter Grensund and Ola Henriksson

+ Grand Journalism Award: Lukas Bonnier's
Grand Journalism Award: Inger Atterstam

+ Guldspaden (best investigate journalism):
Jan Almgren, Jonas Froberg and Ola Wong

+ Newspaper of The Year (Innovator of the
Year): Olle Zachrison, Carolina Neurath,
Jan Almgren, Mark Malmstrém, Peter
Grensund and Ola Henriksson

26


--- Page 21 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
SCHIBSTED SVERIGE

SCHIBSTED TILLVAXTMEDIER

+ Now owns more than 20 internet-based companies MEASURES AND CHANGES
+ Personal Finance was reorganized as a separate business area ~ New investments in e-commerce and

; ; ; digital marketpl
+ Small and medium-sized enterprises represent the new focus area thee eee ;
+ Acquired Fakturaborsen.se, an auction

site for buyers and sellers of invoices

SCHIBSTED TILLVAXTMEDIER (SEK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 1,000 897
- of which Hitta 348 343
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) before share of 124 124
profit (loss) from associated companies

Operating margin (EBITDA) 12% 14%

Schibsted Tillvaxtmedier owns and invests in Swedish internet-based growth companies
The brands behind the company's digital marketplaces and consumer services have very
strong positions, and the services generate heavy traffic, both alone and through broad
cooperation between Schibsted-owned websites.

The largest services are: Hitta (search engine), Lendo (consumer loans) and Prisjakt (price
comparison)

Operating revenues increased by 11 percent.

All the companies have shown positive trends in the Personal Finance segment. During the
year the companies have intensified work on creating synergies in both product development
and sales. This segment currently contains services for consumer loans, insurance, energy,
and mobile services, among others. Mobilio.se, a service for mobile phones and mobile
subscriptions, was launched in 2012.

A new area of commitment for Tillvaxtmedier is small and medium-sized enterprises and
their need for digital marketplaces and recruitment of new customers. Hitta.se will be at
the core of this area of commitment.

27


--- Page 22 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
MEDIA HOUSES INTERNATIONAL

Media Houses
Internationa

+ Challenging situation for the free newspapers in France and Spain
+ Significant restructuring in spanih market, reduction in the number
of local editions

MEDIA HOUSES INTERNATIONAL (NOK million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 939 1,004
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) (3) 38
Operating margin (EBITDA) (0%) 4%

In 2012 Schibsted’s media houses outside Norway and Sweden were affected by both
structural changes and the financial unrest in Europe. Extensive measures were made to
both products and costs to address these challenges, especially in Spain.

Operating revenues decreased by 6.5 percent.

Media Houses International comprises the free newspapers that go under the name of 20
Minutos in Spain and 20 Minutes in France, and Eesti Meedia Group, comprising businesses

in the Baltics.

Operating revenues decreased by 7 percent.

28


--- Page 23 ---

20 MINUI

ES (FRANCE)

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
MEDIA HOUSES INTERNATIONAL

+ Negative trend in the French advertising market
+ Positive operating result despite reduced revenues
+ Consolidated its position as France's most-read newspaper

20 MINUTES (France) (EUR million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 58.4 60.6
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) 15 25
Operating margin (EBITDA) 3% 4%

In 2012 the 20 Minutes newspaper was launched in eight new cities and is now distributed
in a total of 40 French cities. 20 Minutes (print and digital) is read by 12.7 million people
every month; an improvement of 7 percent on the previous period (July 2011- June 2012
versus Jan-Dec 2011). Schibsted's ownership interest is 50 percent.

Advertising revenues in France in 2012 generally fell, by 8 percent for all the newspapers
and by 4 percent for the free newspapers.

New apps were launched, which resulted in a notable increase in readership on mobile
platforms. The number of page views on mobile was higher than on desktops.

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Measures were implemented to improve
finances. These included recruitment
freezes and a focus on distribution costs
and paper prices

+ New senior management

29


--- Page 24 ---

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 2012
MEDIA HOUSES INTERNATIONAL

20 MINUTOS (SPAIN)

+ The only big free newspaper in Spain; two competitors were closed
+ Significant cost reductions
+ The number of local editions was reduced from 15 to eight

20 MINUTOS (Spain) (EUR million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 174 223
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) (6.9) (3.6)
Operating margin (EBITDA) (40%) (16%)

20 Minutos is Spain's second-most-read general newspaper, with a daily readership of 2.1
million on weekdays. The newspaper is published in eight local editions and covers Spain's
largest cities.

The weak Spanish newspaper market has made it necessary to implement significant cost
reductions. 20 Minutos is a part of Schibsted's ongoing program of change.

One measure was to close seven Local editions. The numbers of copies and readers were
consequently reduced. The newspaper has therefore gone from being Spain's most-read to
second-most-read newspaper. At the same time, the biggest competitors among the free
newspapers closed in 2012.

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Carrie & Serena's — a website for women,
was launched in July 2012

+ Separate online news sites for Mexico
and USA were launched in December 2012

30


--- Page 25 ---

STI MEEDIA GROUP

SCHIBSTED ANNUAL REPORT 20:

12

MEDIA HOUSES INTERNATIONAL

+ Implemented rebranding of Postimees with new design for
online newspapers and print editions

+ Profitable growth for Russian language print products

+ Leading position among regional newspapers in Estonia

EESTI MEEDIA (EUR million) 2012 2011
Operating revenues 78.9 75.6
Gross operating profit (EBITDA) 6.0 75
Operating margin (EBITDA) 8% 10%

Schibsted owns several companies in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The companies are
organized through the holding company Eesti Meedia Group, and comprise Estonia's biggest
TV company, with Kanal 2, Kanal 11 and Kanal 12, the national newspapers Postimees and
Ohtuleht and the Kroonpress printing house, among others.

This market is also showing notable growth in the use of mobile platforms.

Uhinenud Ajalehed is the leading local media company, with five regional newspapers, and
in 2012 it entered the magazine market by launching two free newspapers.

The Kroonpress printing house is implementing environmental measures.

On Greenlineprint.com, which was launched at the end of 2012, a calculator for calculating
emission values for products was introduced. Electricity is for the most part supplied from
renewable resources.

MEASURES AND CHANGES

+ Took over and transformed the free
newspaper Linnaleht

+ Uhinenud Ajalehed — local newspapers
and new portal

+ New subscription solution that includes
payment for online use

+ Launched the auto site Autoplius in the
Baltics

31
