

--- Page 1 ---

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES OF SODEXO’S DEVELOPMENT

Message from

PIERRE BELLON

Chairman of Sodexo’s Board
of Directors

1. THE SEVEN FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES

OF OUR DEVELOPMENT

1.1. MY DETERMINATION TO GROW
AND DREAD OF RECESSIONS

In Marseilles in the 1960's, maritime replenishment was
in decline; | witnessed the disappearance of three global
shipping operations in Provence during those years
Before even creating the company, | made the audacious
statement: Sodexo will be a growth company.

1.2 OUR NOTION OF A BUSINESS
Sodexo is the community of:

e its clients and consumers;

e its staff and its leaders;

e its shareholders.

Our purpose is to satisfy their expectations.

To reach our goals, we have chosen to focus on
organic growth in revenues and profits, because
organic growth:

e@ guarantees that we are able to retain our current
clients as well as attract new ones;

e enables us to self-finance investment and job
creation, giving priority to internal promotion;

e ensures return on investment for our shareholders;

e contributes to the economic and social
development of communities, regions and
countries in which we operate.

2 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 2 ---

PIERRE BELLON

In 1966, | founded Sodexo in Marseilles with 100,000 Francs.

During Fiscal 2012, the Gro
of consolidated revenues
of operating profit, serving 75

up had 18.2 billion euro
and 984 million euro
million consumers per day,

with 420,000 employees in 80 countries.
We are No. 1 in the world in most of our markets.

The question we are often as
to ask ourselves is: “How did this

ed and that we also need
company, which started from

scratch in Marseilles, become su

1.3, ACULTURE FOCUSED ON THE CLIENT
AND THE CUSTOMER WITHOUT
WHOM WE WOULDN'T EXIST

Three principles guide our development:

e retain our clients and satisfy our consumers: we have
an average client retention rate of 94.1%;

e win new clients in two ways
e focus on client segments and sub-segments;
* geographic expansion;

e@ broaden our services offer on our 34,000 sites, with a
new expertise: facilities management.

1.4 DEVELOPING OUR HUMAN
RESOURCES

Human resources development is a factor in our past
development but it is especially the key to our future
development.

Since the beginning, | made three observations

e onmy own, it would be hard to accomplish anything; |
was a barrier to development. This is why | surrounded
myself with competent men and women;

e recognition of the efforts of the men and women on
sites is critical; they are the ones who are in daily
contact with consumers, who understand their needs,
ensure their satisfaction and are the ambassadors of
the Group’s image;

e Jastly, our work needs to have meaning and we need to
take pride in it. We have defined our vocation, values

ch a large global company?”

and ethical principles which today are shared by our
managers who set the example and by our 420,000
employees. They unite us deeply and serve as a
common bond for our teams throughout the world
This is what sets up apart from our competitors

Our mission is twofold:
e@ improve the Quality of daily Life of our employees
and all whom we serve;

e contribute to the economic, social and
environmental development of the communities,
regions and countries in which we operate.

Our values

The values shared by Sodexo’s 420,000 employees
are:

e Service Spirit;

e Team Spirit;

e Spirit of Progress

Our ethical principles:

e Loyalty;

e Respect for people and equal opportunity;
© Transparency;

e Business integrity.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 3 ---

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES OF SODEXO’S DEVELOPMENT

PIERRE BELLON’S

message, continued

Chairman of Sodexo’s Board

of Directors

1.5 OUR STRATEGIC POSITIONING

To define a strategy is to make a choice. It is to decide
what we will do and, especially, what we will not do. When
Sodexo was created in 1966, we made two major choices

e we are and will remain a services company;

e@ we have sought to make Sodexo the world leader in
Quality of Life services.

This is why we have chosen three activities, all of which

contribute to improving Quality of Life for our colleagues,

our employees, our clients and our consumers:

e On-site Services;
e Benefits and Rewards Services;
e Personal and Home Services.

The services we provide are catalysts for well-being
and performance; we contribute to the progress of
companies as well as individuals. This is true on a macro-
economic level - it has been proven that the sustainable
competitiveness of economies is increasingly dependent
on the level of well-being - but also on a micro-economic
level because they enhance companies’ performance.

1.6 CHOOSING TO BECOME GLOBAL

We quickly understood that, like our clients and suppliers,
we too had to become global and that France represented
only 1% of the world’s population.

1.7 OUR INDEPENDENCE

Since our creation in 1966, independence has
been one of the Group’s fundamental principles.
Independence enables the Group to:

e@ maintain its values;

e focus ona long-term strategy;

e@ maintain management continuity;

e ensure its durability.

Our independence includes six factors.

The most important factor is financial
independence

Our family shareholding prevents us from being acquired
by a financial or industrial Group: as of August 31, 2012,
our controlling holding company, Bellon SA, held 37.7% of
Sodexo’s capital and 49.6% of the voting rights.

Our financial independence is based on four simple
principles

e choose activities with low capital intensity and average
tangible investments (excluding acquisitions) that
represent less than 2% of revenues;

e have permanent access to sufficient cash resources
to finance development, reimburse medium term
borrowings and pay a dividend to shareholders;

e regularly generate operating profits;

e@ maintain a strong financial structure

4. Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 4 ---

PIERRE BELLON

The other five factors of independence
are with regard to:

© ourclients: our largest client worldwide represents less
than 2% of our total revenues;

e suppliers: our largest supplier represents less than 3%
of our overall purchasing;

© our financing partners;

e any external organization that would limit the Group’s
proper functioning;

e public authorities.

Now that | have provided the seven reasons for our
development, | would add that, in fact, | could have given
only one: the sum of our successes was slightly greater
than the sum of our failures. Personally, | have had many
failures; | have taken risks and so have my colleagues.
Therefore they have a right to fail. | have learned much
more from my failures than from my successes.

Starting from nothing, we have become a large global
company.

| would like to thank all of those who helped me build
Sodexo: our employees, our site managers, our managers,
our leaders, the Group Executive Committee and our Chief
Executive Officer, Michel Landel, as well as the members
of the Board of Directors.

Finally, | would like to thank my wife who has given me
her support for the last 52 years and my four children
who have tolerated my absences and who have given us
13 grandchildren.

| also want to thank my children Sophie, Francois- Xavier,
Nathalie and Astrid; | am proud of them. They are all
members of Sodexo’s Board of Directors and are very
close-knit. Their personal ambitions have taken a back
seat to the ambition that we all have for our Group.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 5

>


--- Page 5 ---

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES OF SODEXO’S DEVELOPMENT

PIERRE BELLON’S

message, continued

Chairman of Sodexo’s Board
of Directors

2. WHAT SHOULD WE DO TO CONTINUE
OUR SUCCESS IN THE FUTURE?

And now? Is the potential for development limitless? Nevertheless, Michel Landel and his teams are

confirming the Group’s ambitions:

2.1 THERE ARE MANY EXAMPLES

DEMONSTRATING THAT A
COMPANY’S PAST SUCCESS DOES
NOT GUARANTEE ITS FUTURE

e to become, ultimately, the global leader in

Operating income, free cash flow and revenues
generated in our three activities, in each client

segment and sub-segment and in every country

Since 1966, our main concern has been job creation, which .
where we operate;

is why we have continuously sought leading markets. This
is why our potential for revenue growth is considerable;
we estimate it at around 50 times our current revenues.

e to provide opportunities for employee
development;

e@ tobe among the global companies most admired
by its employees;

2.2 BUT WE FACE ENORMOUS
CHALLENGES: e@ to make Sodexo a globally known, chosen and

beloved brand;

* globalization is developing, e to generate 7% average annual revenue growth

over the medium term;
e budget deficits and national debt in the U.S. and Europe e to reach a 6.3% operating margin within three
keep increasing; years

© competition is intensifying;

e the worst financial, economic and social crisis since
1929 is ongoing, affecting the most developed
countries and slowing the growth of emerging
countries.

To achieve our ambitions, we have taken a two-pronged
approach

e firstly, reaffirming and sharing the seven fundamental
principles that have made our development to date;

e secondly, taking actions that will allow us to continue
to succeed in the future

6 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 6 ---

PIERRE BELLON

2.3 OUR FOUR KEY PRIORITIES FOR
CONTINUED FUTURE SUCCESS

First priority: Develop our human

resources, with a focus on:

e succession planning and future management of our
leaders;

e review of our compensation and incentive policies for
1-year and 5-year performance;

e finally, the emergence of future internal entrepreneurs”
who will increasingly need to be “global citizens”

Second priority: Transform

our organization

Our future organization will need to be clear, simple,
and understandable by our employees, our clients, our
consumers, our suppliers and the public authorities.

It will need to be designed to increasingly take into
consideration the needs of our clients and consumers

Third priority: Improve
our competitiveness

e Through moving from a budget focused culture to an
entrepreneurial one.

e By increasingly considering non-tangible investments
in our decisions.

e And in relying on progress measures in the four
following areas:

e the development and satisfaction of our clients and
consumers;

e human resources;

* management;
e financial performance.

The progress accomplished as a result of these measures
will allow Sodexo to accelerate growth in operating profits,
operating cash flows and revenues

We will also develop a judicious use of new information
and communications technologies to collect, share and
disseminate our savoir-faire.

Fourth priority: Establish a global brand
and a communication strategy

We have become a large company but we want the
Sodexo brand to be globally recognized, loved and chosen
Investing in our brand, which is an essential non-tangible
asset of the Group, will give us a competitive advantage.

To meet our challenges and continue to succeed in
the future, the Board of Directors has full confidence
in Michel Landel, Chief Executive Officer, his teams and
all of the employees.

PIERRE BELLON
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sodexo

(1) Sodexo was built by internal entrepreneurs, such as the country managers of France, Belgiun, Holland, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom,
Middle-East, Africa, South America, United States, Asia (China and India), etc. To continue to develop we will increasingly need to promote

our internal entrepreneurs.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 7


--- Page 7 ---

SODEXO’S BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS OF AUGUST 31, 2012

SODEXO'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AS OF AUGUST 31, 2012

NATHALIE PIERRE SOPHIE FRANCOIS- ASTRID

SZABO BELLON CLAMENS XAVIER BELLON BELLON

8 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 8 ---

SODEXO’S BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS OF AUGUST 31, 2012

MICHEL LANDEL ROBERT BACONNIER

BERNARD BELLON PATRICIA BELLINGER FRANCOISE BROUGHER

PAUL JEANBART ALAIN MARCHETEAU PETER THOMPSON

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 9


--- Page 9 ---

MESSAGE FROM SODEXO’S CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Message from

MICHEL LANDEL

Sodexo’s Chief Executive Officer

1. INA COMPLICATED ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT,
SODEXO’S GROWTH CONTINUES

In 2012, the global economic climate remained particularly
troubled: Europe appears locked in a vicious recessionary
circle, the U.S. is still vulnerable under the weight of its
debt and the so-called “emerging” countries have felt the
effects of the overall slowdown.

Despite this uncertain environment, Sodexo has continued
to grow and is maintaining its medium-term objectives

We can be confident in our Group’s future for three main
reasons

1.1. OUR POSITIONING IS AT THE
HEART OF SOCIETAL CHANGE

Services are driving development in modern societies
They play an increasingly important role in economic
activity, employment and responding to individual needs.

The Quality of Life services we offer are central to this
evolution. Because our services contribute to well-being
and performance, we contribute to the advancement of
individuals and organizations and to society in general.

1.2 A FAVORABLE ENVIRONMENT
FOR OUTSOURCING

All companies and organizations (hospitals, universities,
schools, etc.), in markets throughout the world are seeking
to increase productivity and optimize their purchasing
of services.

Sodexo today is able to offer highly effective integrated
solutions to clients in a potential market that is around
50 times our company's current size.

1.3. PROACTIVE DEVELOPMENT
IN HIGH POTENTIAL EMERGING
MARKETS

With our many years of experience in emerging countries
and with the recent acquisition of Puras do Brasil, we are
today the market leader in all of the BRIC countries (Brazil,
Russia, India and China), both in On-site Services and in
Benefits and Rewards Services. Today, we generate 20%
of our revenues from emerging economies - which extend
beyond the BRICs - compared with 10% in 2005

10 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 10 ---

MICHEL LANDEL

2. THE WORLD’S LARGEST QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES
COMPANY BY 2015

lam convinced that our competitiveness and future
growth depend primarily on our ability to accelerate our
company's transformation, which has been ongoing for
seven years.

Sodexo is in the process of inventing a new profession:
services that improve Quality of Life. Our goal is clear:
to make our offer a unique offer and our brand a strong
global brand that clients and consumers want and for
which they are willing to pay a price commensurate with
the value delivered.

2.1 TRANSFORMATION
IN FOUR DIMENSIONS

To do this, we will accelerate our transformation in four
areas: changing our offer, leveraging the power of our
brand, strengthening the nature of our relationships with
our Clients and lastly, rethinking our organization.

Sodexo is becoming an integrator
of Quality of Life services

We have been working for several years to develop a
comprehensive and integrated offer with a clear mission:
to improve Quality of daily Life.

To do this, we rely on our wealth of expertise in our three
activities: On-site Services, Benefits and Rewards Services
and Personal and Home Services.

Our transformation is on track: today around half of our
new contracts involve more than one service. We now are
taking the development of our offer to a new level by:

e accelerating the reinforcement of our technical
maintenance services skills through the recruitment of
specialized teams and acquisitions such as Roth Bros
in the U.S. and the facilities management subsidiary
of Atkins in the UK in 2011;

e creating a global platform that coordinates the
specialized “Hard FM" centers (technical maintenance,
building services and energy optimization) across five
continents and involving more than 20,000 experts.

The major contracts won this year demonstrate the
relevance and attractiveness of our Quality of Life services
offer. Examples include the new partnership with Unilever
(21 services on 70 sites in 15 countries), the renewal
and expansion of the contract with Procter & Gamble
(43 services) and new contracts in Health Care in Asia,
Education in the U.S. and Remote Sites in Australia, India
and Chile.

>

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 11


--- Page 11 ---

MESSAGE FROM SODEXO’S CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Message from

MICHEL LANDEL

Sodexo’s Chief Executive O1
continued

Sodexo is becoming a BtoC brand

With 75 million people around the world benefiting each
day from our Quality of Life services, Sodexo has all of
the strengths to become a brand that connects not only
with its clients but also its consumers. A stronger brand,
symbolizing Quality of Life services, will accelerate our
business development and our attractiveness as an
employer.

We have initiated an extensive brand visibility program
on client sites. Already, nearly 85,000 employees in
27 countries worldwide are wearing our new uniform while
our brand is present as a signature of our services on over
10,000 sites.

Sodexo is becoming a strategic partner
for its clients

Our challenge is to have an ever more relevant, value-
creating offer that contributes directly to our clients’
achievement of their strategic objectives. In-depth
knowledge of each market's specifics and an intimate
understanding of our consumers’ needs allow us to
create, manage and deliver Quality of Life services that
help improve our clients’ performance.

For example, through our in-depth knowledge of the
lifestyles of the women and men who work on the
offshore platforms of our oil and gas clients, this year we
developed a comprehensive services offer that helps lower
absenteeism and reduce occupational hazards.

Sodexo combines segmentation and
internationalization

Over the years, we have developed an international
network unmatched in our industry. Client segmentation
is central to Sodexo’s development and we have become
specialists in Quality of Life services by client segments
and sub-segments. This enables us to better respond to
the specific needs of the organizations and consumers
we serve.

Today, we want to strengthen this double competitive
advantage - segmentation and internationalization - to
respond to the globalization of our markets. In the coming
years, we will be implementing a global organization by
client segments to better anticipate and support the
evolving needs of our clients.

2.2 PEOPLE: AT THE HEART

OF OUR TRANSFORMATION

To complete the changes underway, we count on the
women and men of Sodexo, who remain the main engine
for our performance.

Sodexo’s success is built on values and a philosophy that
today unites our 420,000 employees and guides their
actions

The results of the third engagement survey we conducted
this year are proof of this: the rate of employee
engagement increased by 2 points compared to 2010
and 9 points compared to 2008, an encouraging result in
the current economic environment. The participation rate
increased significantly, reflecting the confidence of teams
in their managers; and 85% of our employees consider
Sodexo a better employer than its competitors

12 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 12 ---

This collective commitment provides a strong competitive
advantage that we must maintain. But, by itself, it is
not enough to meet the challenges we face if we are
to accelerate our profitable growth, ensuring that we
have the right resources at the right time to seize the
opportunities before us.

e We must also be able to develop our skills and mindsets
to accompany the changes in our markets and our own
transformation, which is why we continue to invest
around 10% of our operating profit in training.

e At the same time, we are working to standardize
processes and optimize resources for even greater
efficiency, competitiveness and profitability.

e Finally, we are focused on developing our teams so that
they are truly “global citizens; representative of the

MICHEL LANDEL

world's full diversity. Our proactive policy is beginning
to pay off, especially on the issue of gender equality:
today, Sodexo’s Board of Directors is composed of 38%
women and 23% of our "Top 300” senior executives
are women (compared with 16% in 2008).

Finally, we continue to enhance our contribution to the
economic, social and environmental development of the
countries where we operate as part of our Better Tomorrow
Plan, launched in 2009. Our commitment has again
been recognized through numerous awards this year,
including the Catalyst Award for our diversity policy and
being named Global Sustainability Leader - for the eighth
consecutive year - in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.

> 3. OUR FISCAL 2013 AND MEDIUM TERM OUTLOOK

As a result of the initiatives undertaken and Sodexo’s
unique strengths in the global marketplace, we can
confirm our medium term objectives to:

® achieve an average of 7% annual consolidated revenue
growth;

e@ reach a consolidated operating margin of 6.3% by the
end of Fiscal 2015.

In the near term, the outlook for Fiscal 2013 is sharply
contrasted with:

e@ on the one hand, very significant growth factors

e a sustained pace of development in emerging
countries, where the amount of services provided
by our company continues to grow;

e new contracts and a solid business portfolio in
North America;

e increasing demand for Quality of Life services from
major international companies.

e and at the same time, the global economic downturn

continues to exert pressure on our margins, particularly
in Europe.

>

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 13


--- Page 13 ---

MESSAGE FROM SODEXO’S CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Message from

MICHEL LANDEL

Sodexo’s Chief Executive O1
continued

In this context, all of Sodexo’s teams are fully mobilized to
continue our business development while implementing
a program to further improve operational efficiency and
reduce costs at all levels to improve our competitiveness

As the new fiscal year begins, | have full confidence in
Sodexo’s future.

!am confident in our business success through the value
created by our unique Quality of Life services offer that
is adapted to the expectations of our clients and our
consumers. Even more so, because our success is based
on a vision of progress that places our services at the
heart of societal changes throughout the world, in both
developed economies and in emerging countries.

Finally, our social and societal model has always been
a driver for our development. We remain faithful to our
mission and at a time when the global economic growth
model is under extreme pressure — it will have to evolve
- Sodexo will be more than ever a force for development
in the communities where it operates.

| want to thank the members of the Executive Committee
for their sustained commitment, our clients for their
loyalty and our shareholders for their confidence.

Finally, | would like to warmly thank our employees, whose
commitment is responsible for the good performance
during Fiscal 2012 and who each day renew their
commitment to improving Quality of Life for the people
they serve

MICHEL LANDEL
Chief Executive Officer, Sodexo

(be

14 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 14 ---

SODEXO EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

SODEXO’S EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

MICHEL LANDEL ELISABETH GEORGE CHAVEL PIERRE HENRY
CARPENTIER

SIAN HERBERT-JONES NICOLAS JAPY AURELIEN SONET DAMIEN VERDIER

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 15


--- Page 15 ---

44444013448
fo

[= feat an|

2 .
* zm?

16 Sodexo - Registration Document Fis



--- Page 16 ---

HISTORY

OUR HISTORY 18

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 7


--- Page 17 ---

1 HISTORY

Our history

Our history

Pierre Bellon founds Sodexho, a company specializing
in providing Foodservices to institutions, businesses,
schools and hospitals, in Marseilles (France).

1966

1967

CNES, in French Guiana, awards Sodexho a contract
in the “multiservices” market, signaling its entry into
the remote site management business

International expansion starts with Belgium, Italy
and Spain, with developments in Africa and the
Middle East.

A new business ~ Service Vouchers - is launched in
Belgium

1971-
1978

1983

Initial public offering of Sodexho shares on the Paris
Bourse

Sodexho establishes operations in North and South
America, Japan, Russia and South Africa, and
reinforces its presence in Continental Europe.

1985-
1993

1995

Acquisitions of Gardner Merchant in the United
Kingdom and Partena in Sweden, the then leaders in
Foodservices in their respective countries

The Service Vouchers and Cards business expands into
Brazil with the acquisition of Cardapio

1997

sa
ive}
pte}
a

The holding company changes its name to Sodexho
Alliance.

The merger of the Foodservice operations of Marriott
International and Sodexho and the formation in the
U.S. of Sodexho Marriott Services, 48.4% owned by
Sodexho, which becomes North American market
and global leader in Food and Facilities Management
services. Sodexho Marriott Services will become
Sodexho, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Group, in 2001

1998

Following the integration of Universal, Sodexho
becomes the world leader in remote site management.

Sogeres (France) and Wood Dining Services (U.S.) join
the Group.

Succeeding Albert George, Jean-Michel Dhenain and
Michel Landel are appointed Chief Operating Officers.

18 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 18 ---

HISTORY 1

Our history

The succession plan for Pierre Bellon is being put
into place. In September, the Board of Directors
announces that effective September 1, 2005, the
roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer will be separated

2004

2005

Michel Landel becomes Chief Executive Officer of
Sodexho Alliance, succeeding Pierre Bellon, who retains
his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors

Sodexho Alliance becomes Sodexo. Corporate
headquarters is transferred to Issy-les-Moulineaux.

Acquisition of VR's Service Vouchers and Cards activity
making Sodexho the co-leader of this market in Brazil,
the world’s largest.

Sodexo makes several further acquisitions in several
markets, including Zehnacker, which doubles Sodexo’s
size in Germany, making it the leader in the Health
Care segment.

2008

2009

Acquisition of Radhakrishna Hospitality Services Group
(RKHS), the leading provider of On-site Services in
India, tripling Sodexo’s size in this market with vast
potential

In North America, following the acquisition of Circles,
a concierge services business, the acquisition of
Comfort Keepers, specialized in non-medical services
for seniors, contributes to the development of the
Group’s third activity: Personal and Home Services.

Sodexo becomes No. 1 in On-site Services in Brazil,
following the acquisition of Puras do Brasil. The
acquisition of Lendtre, one of the greatest names in
French cuisine, strengthens Sodexo’s savoir faire in
luxury gastronomy in Paris and worldwide

2011

Source: Sodexo.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 19


--- Page 19 ---



--- Page 20 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY
OF LIFE SERVICES

2.1 PROFILE 22 2.3 OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES 31

2.3.1 Our On-site Services 32

2.2 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 2.3.2 Our Benefits and Rewards Services 57

. AND KEY FIGURES 25 2.3.3 Our Personal and Home Services 64
2.2.1 Consolidated revenues 25
2.2.2 Employees and Sites 26
2.2.3 Results and Ratios 28
2.2.4 Performance per share 30

Sodexo - Registration Document fiscal 2012. 21


--- Page 21 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Profile

2.1 Profile

GROUP KEY FIGURES

> QUALITY OF LIFE IN THE SERVICE OF PERFORMANCE

Quality of Life, recognized today as a factor in individual
well-being and societal progress, is a pre-requisite
for improving the performance of companies and
organizations.

It’s why we have developed our expertise in this area for
more than 40 years, supported by over 420,000 people in
80 countries. Through the diversity of Sodexo’s talent, we
are able to offer a comprehensive array of Quality of Life
services, based on more than 100 different professions.

Sodexo is the world’s only company offering On-
site Services, Benefits and Rewards Services” and
Personal and Home Services, which contribute to the
performance of its clients, the fulfillment of its teams and
the economic, social and environmental development of
its host communities.

(1) Sodexo has changed the name of its Motivation Solutions activity to “Benefits and Rewards Services.”

22 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 22 ---

AWARDS

SODEXO LISTED AMONG FORTUNE
MAGAZINE’S MOST ADMIRED
COMPANIES

Sodexo was again included among the world’s “Most
Admired Companies” in FORTUNE magazine's prestigious
listing, which evaluates the reputation of the largest
companies in the world

Sodexo ranked 4th in its industry category, “Diversified
Outsourcing Services.” Around 4,000 business executives
and analysts evaluated approximately 700 companies
from 32 countries based on nine criteria, from investment
value to social responsibility

ON-SITE SERVICES

KEY FIGURES

96% of Group revenues

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

Profile

RECOGNITION OF SODEXO’S
ONGOING EFFORTS IN SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT

In 2012, Sodexo was named “Global Sustainability
Industry Leader” for the eighth year in a row in the Dow
Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), for its industry sector,
“Restaurants, Hotels, Bars and Recreational Services”
Sodexo has been featured in the DJS! World and DJSI
STOXX indexes since 2005

41 7,308 employees *

17.5 billion euro in consolidated revenues

Source: Sodexo.

* Including Personal and Home Services and shared structures.

Sodexo deploys its On-site Services in a wide array of
workplace environments and living spaces.

In businesses, hospitals, schools and universities, prisons
and major work sites located in extreme environments,
our teams ensure the well-being of individuals,
optimize work processes and ensure the proper and
safe operation of facilities.

Sodexo-delivered services contribute to progress in eight
client segments

e Corporate;

e Defense;

e Justice Services;

e Remote Sites;

e Sports and Leisure;

e Health Care;

e Seniors;

e Education.

SODEXO, LEADER IN ON-SITE SERVICES IN MOST OF ITS MARKETS

Source: Sodexo.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

23


--- Page 23 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Profile

> BENEFITS AND REWARDS SERVICES

(Formerly Motivation Solutions)”

Sodexo’s Benefits and Rewards Services (including
Meal Pass, Gift Pass and Social Pass) provide access to
a wide range of services that improve Quality of Life of
beneficiaries, including client employees, students and
recipients of public benefits. Sodexo’s offer focuses
on three service categories to respond to the primary
challenges facing its clients:

e recruit talented individuals, retain employees
and increase their motivation. Employee Benefits
responds to the issues of company compensation
policies, helping clients enhance their attractiveness;

e mobilize teams around quantitative or qualitative
objectives. With Sodexo’s Incentive and Recognition

programs, companies have access to customized
tools to boost sales, engage their partner networks
and promote good plant safety practices;

e ensure and enhance the distribution and delivery
of Public Benefits. Sodexo-designed solutions are
simple, transparent and effective in facilitating the
work of governments and local authorities, helping
them to optimize budgets and achieve their social
policy, cultural or educational goals.

Transport, foodservices, gifts, training... more than

one million merchants and service providers worldwide

accept Sodexo Pass.

SODEXO, A WORLDWIDE LEADER IN BENEFITS AND REWARDS SERVICES

Source: Sodexo.

> PERSONAL AND HOME SERVICES

Sodexo designs and deploys Personal and Home Services
that improve Quality of Life in four main areas:

e childcare;
e tutoring and adult education;

® concierge services;
e@ senior care.

Through these services, Sodexo contributes to the
development of children, teenagers, adults and seniors

(1) Sodexo has changed the name of its Motivation Solutions activity to “Benefits and Rewards Services.”

24 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 24 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

Financial performance and key figures

2.2 Financial performance and key figures

2.2.1 CONSOLIDATED REVENUES

CONSOLIDATED REVENUES

2008
2009
2010
Fiscal 2011
Fiscal 2012

Fisca
Fisca
Fisca

(in millions of euro)

13,611
14,681
15,256
16,047
18,236

Total growth in Sodexo's revenues for Fiscal 2012 was e
13.6%. Organic growth was 6.3% for the On-site Services e
activity and 8.5% for Benefits and Rewards Services
Organic revenue growth accelerated compared to the
previous year, in particular reflecting

e the success of Sodexo’s integrated and unique Quality
of Life services offer;

GROUP REVENUES BY REGION (FISCAL 2012)

North America

Continental Europe

United Kingdom and Ireland
Rest of the World

its strong growth in emerging markets;

the contribution from contracts for two prestigious
sporting events, the London Olympics and Rugby World
Cup in New Zealand.

37%
34%

8%
21%

Sodexo benefits from a global network which today covers 80 countries, with leadership in emerging markets with strong

growth potential

REVENUES BY ACTIVITY AND CLIENT SEGMENT (FISCAL 2012)

On-site Services 96%
¢ Corporate 31%
e Defense 4%
e Justice Services 2%
e Remote Sites 10%
e Sports and Leisure 4%
e Health Care 18%
e Seniors 6%
e Education 21%
Benefits and Rewards Services (formerly Motivation Solutions) 4%

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 25


--- Page 25 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Financial performance and key figures

For On-site Services by client segment, organic growth e 4.2% in Education, a result of satisfactory growth in
was as follows: North America.
© 9.3% in Corporate, a clear acceleration over the 6.7% Organic growth for Benefits and Rewards Services
achieved in Fiscal 2011: accelerated, reaching 8.5%, driven by growth in Latin
e 2.7% in Health Care and Seniors, reflecting modest America.
business development;
FACILITIES MANAGEMENT SERVICES’ SHARE OF REVENUES
Fiscal 2008 22%
Fiscal 2009 23%
Fiscal 2010 24%
Fiscal 2011 25%
Fiscal 2012 26%
Facilities management services now represent 26% in facilities management services was three times that
of consolidated revenues, compared with 18% in Fiscal of foodservices.

2005. During Fiscal 2011 and Fiscal 2012, the growth

REVENUES AND ISSUE VOLUME, BENEFITS AND REWARDS SERVICES (FORMERLY MOTIVATION SOLUTIONS) (FISCAL 2012)

Revenues Issue volume
South America 55% 48%
Europe and Asia 45% 52%
2.2.2 EMPLOYEES AND SITES

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AS OF THE END OF FISCAL

2008 355,044
2009 379,749
2010 379,137
2011 391,148
2012 421,391
EMPLOYEES BY REGION (FISCAL 2012)

North America 29% 123,698 employees
Continental Europe 25% 103,558 employees
United Kingdom and Ireland 9% 38,035 employees
Rest of the World 37% 156,100 employees

26 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 26 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

EMPLOYEES BY ACTIVITY AND CLIENT SEGMENT (FISCAL 2012)

Financial performance and key figures

On-site Services 97%
¢ Corporate 40%
e Defense 4%
e Justice Services 1%
e Remote Sites 10%
e Sports and Leisure 3%
e Health Care 14%
e Seniors 3%
e Education 22%
Benefits and Rewards Services (Formerly Motivation Solutions) 1%
Personal and Home Services 0.5%
Group headquarters and shared structures of activities 1.5%
NUMBER OF SITES AS OF AUGUST 31

2008 30,584
2009 33,884
2010 33,543
2011 33,400
2012 34,343
SITES BY CLIENT SEGMENT (FISCAL 2012)

¢ Corporate 51%
e Defense 3%
e Justice Services 1%
e Remote Sites 5%
e Sports and Leisure 2%
e Health Care 12%
e Seniors 9%
e Education 17%

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 et


--- Page 27 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Financial performance and key figures

2.2.3, RESULTS AND RATIOS

OPERATING PROFIT

2008
2009
2010
Fiscal 2011
Fiscal 2012

Fisca
Fisca
Fisca

(in millions of euro)

690
746
771
853
984

Operating profit increased by 15.4%, compared with the
prior year, or 13.6% excluding currency effects.

Excluding a favorable accounting adjustment related to
the cost of pension plans in the United Kingdom, the
Group's operating profit was 958 million euro, an increase
of 12.3% compared to the previous year, or 10.6%
excluding currency effects. This increase is a result of:

© amore significant contribution to operating profit from
On-site Services activities in the emerging markets, mainly
resulting from the acquisition of Puras do Brasil in Brazil;

GROUP NET INCOME

2008
2009
2010
Fiscal 2011
Fiscal 2012

Fisca
Fisca
Fisca

e avery good performance by Benefits and Rewards
Services, reflecting higher volumes and productivity
improvements;

e the favorable impact in the United Kingdom of two
major sporting events during the year (the 2011 Rugby
World Cup and the 2012 Olympics);

e onsite productivity gains in North America

These good performances more than offset the decline in

operating profit in Continental Europe resulting from the

current economic environment.

(in millions of euro)

376
393
409
451
525

Group net income increased by 16.4% or 14% excluding
currency effects compared to the prior year, slightly higher
than the increase in operating profit, primarily as a result

DIVIDENDS PAID

Fiscal 2008
Fiscal 2009
Fiscal 2010
Fiscal 2011

Fiscal 2012*

of the lower effective tax rate, which is explained by the
greater weight in the results from activities in countries
with lower tax rates.

(in millions of euro)

197
197
208
229
250

* Subject to approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of January 21, 2073.

28 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 28 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

Financial performance and key figures

Sodexo's Board of Directors will propose a dividend of This represents a payout ratio of approximately 50% of
1.59 euro per share, an increase of 8.9% over the previous Group net income
year, at the January 21, 2013 Shareholders’ Meeting

NET CASH FLOW PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES

(in millions of euro)

Fiscal 2008 780

Fiscal 2009 577

Fiscal 2010 1,006

Fiscal 2011 847

Fiscal 2012 1,018

Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to generated in Fiscal 2011. This significant improvement is 2
more than 1 billion euro, compared to 847 million euro mainly a result of the increase in operating profit.

NET DEBT AS A PERCENTAGE OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY*
(including non-controlling interests)

Fiscal 2008 21%
Fiscal 2009 38%
Fiscal 2010 24%
Fiscal 2011 15%
Fiscal 2012 21%

* Debt net of cash and financial assets related to Benefits and Rewards Services activity, less bank overdrafts.

RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)*

Fiscal 2008 17%
Fiscal 2009 15%
Fiscal 2010 15%
Fiscal 2011 18%
Fiscal 2012 17%

* Operating income after tax.

Total of tangible and intangible assets plus goodwill plus client
investments plus working capital, as of the end of the year.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 29


--- Page 29 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Financial performance and key figures

2.2.4 PERFORMANCE PER SHARE

EARNINGS PER SHARE (iv EURO)

Fiscal 2008 2.42
Fiscal 2009 2.54
Fiscal 2010 2.64
Fiscal 2011 2.95
Fiscal 2012 3.48
DIVIDEND PER SHARE (i EURO)

Fiscal 2008 1.27
Fiscal 2009 1.27
Fiscal 2010 1.35
Fiscal 2011 1.46
Fiscal 2012 1.59*

* At the Shareholders Meeting on January 21, 2013, Sodexo’s Board of Directors will propose a dividend of 1.59 euro per share, an increase

of 8.9% over the previous year.

30 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 30 ---

Our Quality of Life Services

2.3 Our Quality of Life Services

SODEXO IS THE WORLD’S LEADING QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES COMPANY

Sodexo’s mission, since its founding in 1966, has been
improving the Quality of Life of its own emplouees, its
clients’ employees, as well as that of students, parents,
patients, seniors, workers in desert or frozen regions,
soldiers in garrisons or on peacekeeping operations and
prisoners.

To fulfill its mission, Sodexo has chosen three activities

e On-site Services;

e Benefits and Rewards Services (formerly Motivation
Solutions):

e Personal and Home Services.

SYNERGIES BETWEEN OUR THREE ACTIVITIES

Important synergies exist between Sodexo’s three
activities.

Commercial synergies

Commercial relationships created by one of the three
activities generate business development opportunities
for the other two, such as:

e Sodexo's On-site Services clients may also need
restaurant vouchers for geographically-dispersed
employees; conversely, Benefits and Rewards Services
clients may seek On-site Services;

e Benefits and Rewards Services and On-site Services
clients may need Personal and Home Services such
as concierge services, a childcare center or assistance
for elderly individuals

Brand visibility synergies

The Benefits and Rewards Services activity includes a large
number of affiliates. The presence of the Sodexo brand at
their points of sale contributes to building global brand
awareness in countries where the Group operates, helping
promote medium term development.

Organizational and cost synergies

The teams of Sodexo’s different activities are able to share
the same infrastructure (support functions, facilities, etc.),
saving on overheads. In addition, the multiple career
gateways that exist between the Group's three activities
offer significant human resource synergies.

These examples illustrate how the choice of these three
activities helps Sodexo accelerate its organic growth.

EIGHT LONG-TERM TRENDS CONTRIBUTE TO THE DEVELOPMENT
OF SODEXO’S THREE ACTIVITIES:

e demographic change (population growth, life
expectancy);

e a global economy in which capital, information,
talents and trade are continuously interconnected;

e rapid urbanization and the development of megacities;
e the transfer of economic power to new countries
with the development of emerging markets (including

the BRIC countries, Mexico and Turkey) and a rising
middle class;

e increased public deficits;

e environmental issues including natural resource
depletion leading to high inflation in the cost of raw
materials and the search for new renewable resources;

e the growing influence of consumers seeking well-
being, Quality of Life, improved health and personalized
service;

e development of newinformation and communication
technologies.

(1) Sodexo has changed the name of its Motivation Solutions activity to “Benefits and Rewards Services.”

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

31


--- Page 31 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

2.3.1 OUR ON-SITE SERVICES

KEY FIGURES

96% of Group revenues

1 7. 5 million euro in consolidated revenues

Source: Sodexo.

* Including Personal and Home Services and shared structures.

From construction management to reception, from
medical equipment sterilization to housekeeping,
from technical maintenance to leisure cruises, from
foodservices to prisoner rehabilitation... Sodexo delivers
a wide array of performance-enhancing services across
eight client segments:

e Corporate;

e Defense;

e Justice Services;
e Remote Sites;

e Sports and Leisure;
e Health Care;

e Seniors;

e Education.

Whether improving workplace productivity, reinforcing
a hospital's reputation, promoting student fulfillment,
furthering prisoner rehabilitation or ensuring safety
and comfort on a remote site... Sodexo contributes
through its mission of improving the Quality of daily
Life.

Focus on...

SODEXO STRENGTHENS FACILITIES MANAGEMENT
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Today, Facilities Management services already account
for more than 26% of Sodexo’s revenues and are
growing three times faster than foodservices. The recent
acquisitions of technical services specialist, Roth Bros,

41 7,308 emplouees *
34,343 sites

in the U.S. and a facilities management subsidiary of
Atkins — renamed Sodexo Property Services ~ in the
United Kingdom have reinforced Sodexo’s ability to
provide best-in-class technical facilities management
and infrastructure services

Sodexo is implementing a worldwide technical expertise
platform to drive the development of technical facilities
management services throughout the Group.

This platform enables Sodexo to:

e define and deploy shared processes, tools and
standards for the management of infrastructure and
equipment in all countries;

e implement the infrastructure and IT tools required to
expand the Group's technical expertise;

e manage the monitoring, research and development
activities that will enable the Company to fine-tune
and further expand its expertise in technical fields

In recent years Sodexo has accelerated the development

of regional and national multi-technical platforms

including in Asia, Latin America, France, the United

States, the United Kingdom, Germany, China, India and

Singapore.

The worldwide platform will centralize and take this
considerable expertise to a higher level, facilitating sharing
of best practices.

32 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 32 ---

CORPORATE

KEY FIGUR

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE FOR BETTER PERFORMING
ORGANIZATIONS

Faced with the unprecedented pace of competition,
innovation and globalization, corporations are seeking
solid partners to improve their employees’ Quality of Life
and productivity.

In essential areas such as employee motivation, process
efficiency and equipment reliability, Sodexo provides
innovative and integrated services to clients, meeting
industry-specific challenges in offices, R&D laboratories,
manufacturing sites and industrial zones. Through its
strong presence in emerging countries, Sodexo supports
its international clients while offering services to an
increasing number of local clients.

Market trends

Beyond the long-term trends that promote the
development of all Sodexo activities, specific factors
affect the Corporate segment.

In a rapidly changing socio-economic context and a
market still beset by uncertainty, clients are seeking
efficiency, simplification, flexibility, cost reduction
and risk mitigation to reinforce their ability to compete:

e new approaches such as working at home or remotely,
made possible by new technologies, are leading
to alternative workplace strategies for promoting
productivity, flexibility and work-life balance;

e economic momentum in developing markets such as
India, Brazil and China is accelerating competition for
talent, driving higher demand for integrated services
that contribute to the engagement and well-being of
client employees;

Our Quality of Life Services

e clients and governments are seeking socially-
responsible outsourcing partners with demonstrated
efficiency based on best practices, expertise in
integrating business services and a commitment to
ongoing innovation;

e international companies are seeking global partners
able to meet their needs and capable of adapting to
local contexts and cultures;

e the increasingly sophisticated expectations of clients
and their global procurement strategies demand
tailored solutions adapted to the client's specific
organization, site portfolio and scale.

Source: Sodexo.

Growth potential

On our clients’ sites

SUPPORTING CULTURE CHANGE AT CHINA MOBILE

China Mobile is the world’s largest cell phone operator. To
strengthen its position in China’s intensely competitive
Jabor market, China Mobile’s research arm selected Sodexo
to help it retain highly qualified employees.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

33


--- Page 33 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Our client’s needs

China Mobile sought to improve its ability to recruit and
retain highly-skilled people at its research and innovation
site as part of a culture transformation drive

Sodexo’s response

Sodexo applied its integrated Quality of Life services
approach successfully demonstrated at Nokia's Beijing
headquarters. Sodexo customized its offer for China
Mobile with a mix of foodservices and wellness services
to create an optimum work environment

Results

The success achieved was reflected in improved
satisfaction survey results:

e restaurant patronage of 95%;
© adecrease in the rate of offsite dining from 38% to 5%;
e use of wellness services by 47% of employees;

e an overall employee satisfaction rate of 88% after
only three months.

Focus on...

EUROPE - FACILITIES MANAGEMENT SERVICES

FOR UNILEVER AT 70 SITES

Unilever, one of the world’s leading suppliers of fast
moving consumer goods, chose Sodexo to provide and
integrate a wide range of services at 70 sites across
15 European countries.

This contract has been awarded for an initial five years
The agreement aligns strongly with Sodexo’s strategic
aim to expand its provision of facilites management (FM)
solutions for its clients and to integrate a wide range of
services that help improve its clients’ performance as well
as the Quality of Life of those it serves. Sodexo intends
to take over the delivery of a wide range of hard and soft
FM services.

Ken Manke, Unilever’s Vice President for Workplace
Services, commented: “This partnership is in line with
Unilever’s strategy to provide excellent services across
the organization and to translate global scale into
local competitiveness. Moving to one principal supplier
contributes significantly to reducing cost, driving greater
consistency and alignment in our services and improving
the measurement of facility performance”

ROTH BROS. PARTNERS WITH THE U.S. POSTAL
SERVICE

To manage the roofing maintenance for its
200 million square feet of facilities, the U.S. Postal
Service (USPS) selected Roth Bros., a leader in integrated
facilities management services acquired by Sodexo in
November 2011.

Under the contract, Roth provides a robust maintenance
option to streamline care and upkeep of the client's roofing
assets, an approach designed to double performance
life. Condition designations are assigned to roofs and
customized asset management “game plans” are created
for each facility

Services also include 24/7 management of requests for roof
leak services, all part of ensuring a safe, dry environment
and enjoyable retail experience for USPS customers
During the first year, 70% of the 6,150 locations in the
client's facility portfolio were assessed and scheduled for
preventative maintenance.

Highlights

INTERNATIONAL - PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY
QUALITY STANDARDS

Sodexo’s global Quality Management System (QMS),
which ensures that its services meet pharmaceutical
industry regulatory standards and contribute toward client
quality and safety goals, has been certified as meeting
ISO 9001 standards. Centered around core regulated
services — such as Good Manufacturing Practice cleaning,
distribution/logistics, laboratory services and technical
facilities management - Sodexo’s global pharmaceutical
QMS enables clients to focus their management systems
on their core business

INTERNATIONAL - AWARD FOR “START-UP.
BUSINESS PROCESS EXCELLENCE PROGRAM”
Operational Excellence is a longstanding Sodexo priority,
as illustrated through specific company programs such as
its “Lean Six Sigma” approach. Beyond tools and methods,
Sodexo’s approach to operational excellence is based
on the human factor and the expertise of its teams. This
commitment was recognized independently in April 2012
when the Company's International Large Accounts team
won the “Start-Up Business Process Excellence Program”
award from the “Process Excellence Network”

34 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 34 ---

INTERNATIONAL - CORENET GLOBAL PARTNERSHIP

Continuing to extend its facilities management expertise,
Sodexo has renewed its strategic partnership with CoreNet
Global, the world’s leading association for corporate real
estate and workplace professionals, service providers and
economic developers. Sodexo is actively leveraging the
partnership including by conducting surveys on workplace
Quality of Life and global outsourcing

UNITED KINGDOM - HEALTH AND SAFETY
RECOGNITION

Sodexo received the “Order of Distinction Award” from
the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA)
for its commitment to occupational health and safety
Established in 1956, the “RoSPA Occupational Health
and Safety Awards” recognize companies’ overall health
and safety management systems, including important
practices such as strong leadership and workforce
involvement.

UNITED STATES - LAUNCH OF A NEW SERVICE
OFFER: “LOCAL ARTISAN”

“Local Artisan” is a new farm-to-table dining concept
Jaunched with Sodexo’s Corporate clients in the U.S
Overseen by a specially-appointed chef, “Local Artisan”
ensures a menu of fresh, hand-picked and locally-grown
products that travel a simple and responsible path from
farm to consumer.

Key contract wins

INTERNATIONAL - PROCTER & GAMBLE CONTRACT
EXPANDS

Consumer products leader Procter & Gamble renewed
its partnership with Sodexo, signing a long term global
agreement under which Sodexo provides and integrates
facility services for Procter & Gamble manufacturing sites
around the world. The agreement expands the number
of Procter & Gamble sites on which Sodexo teams
deliver services, which include building and landscape
maintenance, security, site mail services, industrial
cleaning, and foodservices

BRAZIL - NEW CONTRACTS

New contracts in Brazil include providing foodservices for
1,100 emplouees of Reckitt Benckiser, a global leader in
household cleaning products, and 4,500 employees on
four sites for Vale Fertilizantes.

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

COLOMBIA - SIEMENS CHOOSES SODEXO

TO SUPPORT ITS DEVELOPMENT

Siemens selected Sodexo to provide a wide range of
Quality of Life services to 900 people working in its new
96,000-square meter plant near Bogota. Sodexo’s team
customized services, incorporating several innovations
such as advanced cleaning technology and an inspection
process for maintenance. In optimizing the management
and effectiveness of services while reducing direct costs,
this integrated offer facilitates the client's expansion in
the Colombian market.

GERMANY - SUPPORTING DEUTSCHE TELEKOM
SITES

To support Deutsche Telekom's “Best Employer” strategy,
Sodexo developed a foodservices offer for 275 sites with
operational concepts customized according to site size
and needs. In addition to improved emplouee satisfaction
and the savings achieved, the partnership provided
the client with a single interface, enabling efficient
management of service delivery for all sites.

INDIA - “SIMPLY BLUE”

Sodexo's “Simply Blue” offer was chosen to improve
Quality of Life for 1,500 employees at Adani Power
and 2,500 employees at Volvo Eicher Commercial
Vehicles. “Simply Blue” provides nutritious food with a
clear emphasis on menu variety and efficient service to
optimize worker relaxation during lunch breaks. Availability
of fresh products and educational promotional materials
in company restaurants underline “Simply Blue’s” wellness
and well-being principles

NETHERLANDS ~ KLM-SODEXO PARTNERSHIP SOARS

Dutch airline KLM renewed for five years a contract
under which Sodexo teams support the client’s strategy
implementation and deliver 45 types of services including
foodservices, cleaning, green space management, crew
uniform care, building maintenance and transportation
One indicator of the client’s satisfaction is Sodexo’s
increasingly strategic role, including managing overall
costs of 700,000 square meters of buildings, shops and
hangars at KLM’s Schiphol Airport site.

THAILAND - HISTORIC SERVICES CONTRACT

FOR NEW MEGA MALL

A 38-person Sodexo team will be delivering technical
facilities management services for SF Development at
a 700-store mega mall, the country’s largest. Services
include providing power, water and other utilities as well
as carrying out preventative and corrective maintenance
for tenants in the main concourse.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012. 35


--- Page 35 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

UNITED STATES - DELIVERING INNOVATION AND
SUSTAINABILITY FOR THE FAA

Sodexo is now providing foodservices to the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) in Washington, D.C., under
a seven-year contract. In addition to providing innovative
offerings to more than 5,000 federal employees through
its retail foodservices operations, Sodexo is reducing waste
management costs and water/energy consumption and
will be decreasing landfill waste by five tons per year.

Among our clients...

Adidas, 3 sites, Germany

Agrosuper, 4 sites, Chile

Airbus Operations Ltd, 2 sites, United Kingdom
AkzoNobel, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Russia

Alcatel-Lucent, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Czech Republic,
France, Hungary, India, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania,
Slovakia, Spain

ArcelorMittal, Belgium
AREVA, France
Argos, 90 sites, Colombia

AstraZeneca, Belgium, China, France, Mexico, Sweden,
United Kingdom, United States

AXA, Australia, Belgium, France, Germany, Morocco,
Spain, United Kingdom, United States

Bajaj Auto Limited, India

Banco Santander, 19 sites (Brazil), 2 sites (Spain)
Baosteel Group, 4 sites, China

BBVA Banco Continental, 268 sites, Peru

BlueCross Blue Shield, multiple locations (North Dakota,
Nebraska), United States

China Energy Conservation and Environmental
Protection Group, China

Coca-Cola Enterprises, Belgium, Brazil, Chile, China,
Colombia, France, Hungary, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru,
United Kingdom

Compafiia Manufacturera de Papeles y Cartones
(CMPC), 12 sites, Chile

Compagnie Maritime d’Affretement Compagnie
Générale Maritime (CMA CGM), France

ConocoPhillips, Ireland, United Kingdom, United States
Danfoss, 6 sites, Denmark

Dow Chemical (Michigan) United States

EADS, France, Germany, United Kingdom

Eli Lilly, China, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Spain
Ericsson, Netherlands, Russia, Turkey, United States,

Exxon Mobil, Australia, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, United
States

FAW, 22 sites, China

General Electric, Angola, Austria, China, Czech Republic,
Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Norway, Poland,
Russia, Sweden, United Kingdom, United States

General Mills (Minnesota) United States

GSK, Argentina, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China,
Colombia, Costa Rica, France, Ireland, Italy, Mexico,
Poland, Spain, United Kingdom, United States

Honda, United Kingdom

HSBC, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Luxembourg, United
Kingdom, United States

Jernbaneverket, 58 sites, Norway

Johnson&Johnson, Argentina, Belgium, Canada,
China, Colombia, France, Germany, Portugal, Sweden,
Switzerland, United Kingdom

Kamaz, Naberezhnye Chelny, Russia
La Poste Belge, 35 sites, Belgium

Merck, Austria, Belgium, Chile, Colombia, Cyprus,
Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy,
Lebanon, Morocco, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovakia,
Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland, Turkey

Natura, 3 sites, State of Sdo Paulo (Brazil)

Nokia, Brazil, Canada, China, Finland, Germany, India,
United Kingdom, United States

Procter & Gamble, Argentina, Belgium, Brazil, Chile,
China, Colombia, Czech Republic, France, Germany,
Hungary, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Peru, Poland, Romania,
South Africa, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States,
Venezuela

Pilkington, 8 sites, United Kingdom

36 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 36 ---

Reliance Industries Limited, 12 sites, India

Royal Dutch Shell, Denmark, Gabon, Norway, Russia,
United States

Sanofi-Aventis, Brazil, France, India, Italy, Poland, Russia,
South Africa, Spain, United States

Shanghai Automotive Industrial Corporation (SAIC),
2 sites, China

Société Générale, Czech Republic, Luxembourg, Morocco,
Poland, United States

DEFENSE

KEY FIGURES

667 million euro in revenues

4% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

SUPPORTING QUALITY OF LIFE AT HOME

AND ABROAD

Sodexo has years of experience supporting armed forces
throughout the world. With its expertise and insight into
the special demands of military life, Sodexo delivers
integrated service offers that improve the Quality
of Life for women and men serving their countries, on
domestic bases and on missions overseas.

From maintenance, recreational activities and dining
facilities on bases for service personnel and their families
to the complex logistical services of peacekeeping
operations, Sodexo's flexibility, reliability and rapid
deployment capabilities make it a valued partner for
defense leadership teams in delivering Quality of Life
services.

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Tata Group, 46 sites, India
Toyota, Belgium, Italy, United States

Unilever, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, China, Costa Rica,
Denmark, Finland, France, India, Italy, Netherlands,
Poland, Portugal, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
United Kingdom, United States

Wipro, India

1 3,468 employees
1,119 sites

Market trends

PROFESSIONALIZING THE ARMED FORCES

The trend toward professionalizing armies continues
Military leaders seek Quality of Life services that
contribute to troop retention while also controlling
costs. By outsourcing activities such as base operations
maintenance, technical maintenance, uniform care and
dining services, military leaders are able to focus their
resources on their core mission.

PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS

Armed forces are being downsized due to budget
reductions but governments seek to maintain their
foreign peacekeeping commitments undertaken through
international bodies such as the United Nations, NATO and
the European Union. With military forces stretched, these
operations are becoming more sophisticated, demanding
complex logistical resources that only experienced
partners such as Sodexo can provide.

Source: Sodexo.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

37


--- Page 37 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Growth potential UNITED KINGDOM - SODEXO COLCHESTER
P GARRISON TEAM WINS TOP FM AWARD

_ . . The Sodexo team serving the British Army at Colchester

Over 20 billion euro in estimated Garrison won the prestigious “Partners in Facilities

total market value, Management Award” from Premises & Facilities

Management magazine. The 550-member team delivers
a comprehensive array of support services, including
foodservices, cleaning, administrative support and
security services to the British Army's rapid reaction force.

with an outsourcing rate around 40% (among the
highest rates: the United Kingdom, more than 85%;
among the lowest rates: Denmark, around 10%).
Sodexo estimate.

UNITED STATES - SODEXO AGAIN WINS MARINE’S

Focus on... BEST MESS HALL AWARD

For a second time, the Sodexo-run Mess Hall 590 at Parris
POSTAL SUPPORT FOR FRENCH TROOPS OVERSEAS Island, South Carolina, earned the United States Marine
Sodexo will be supporting provision of postal service for Corps’ highest honor for a foodservices operation. The
French troops deploued in bases across Africa, the Middle Operation was named the winner of the “2012 W.P.T.
East and Central Asia under a new four-year contract Hill Memorial Award? an annual competition recognizing
won in partnership with La Poste. Expanding on the many foodservices excellence at Marine installations around the
services it already provides to France’s military services, world
Sodexo will be in charge of distributing mail and packages
to military personnel and receiving their outgoing posts. Key contract wins

The contract also includes setting up and managing CHILE - MILITARY HOSPITALS RENEW THEIR
post offices in operational theaters and providing CONFIDENCE IN SODEXO

deployed troops with top quality postal services. Among © Contract won to provide hygiene and general cleaning
the strengths in the contract bid: Sodexo’s expertise in services to the 305-bed Hospital Militar Santiago,
operating in hostile environments. adding to the foodservices and retail services already

delivered by Sodexo. The Company also was recognized
Highlights by its client for the reliability of its safety processes at

the 84,000-meter square hospital.
AUSTRALIA - EXPERT PARTNER TO AUSTRALIA’S
DEFENCE FORCE e Renewed the contract with the 360-bed Hospital

Naval Almirante Neff at Vifia del Mar where Sodexo
provides foodservices, retail, vending, general services
and bio-cleaning

e Environmental services

Under frequently challenging conditions in the
Australian Outback*, Sodexo and its partner Serco

provide a wide range of environmental services to their Among our clients...

client, Australian Defence Force. Among the services

requiring specialized expertise are reduction of fuel AUSTRALIA

loads to control wildfires, weed management services Australian Defence Force, 52 bases - 6 contracts

and mosquito control

e Optimized facilities maintenance CHILE
Through a new systems “interface” developed with Astilleros y Maestranzas dela Armada (ASMAR), Naval

the Australian Defence Force's database, Sodexo and base in Taleahuano

Serco can now provide the client with accurate, up- Empresa Nacional de Aerondutica de Chile (ENAER),
to-the minute asset inventories. The new framework Santiago

allows optimization of Facilities Management
services, including effective maintenance and life cycle

budgeting for facilities and equipment Naval Hospital, Talcahuano and Vifia del Mar

Military Hospital, Santiago and Antofagasta

* Outback: the remote semi-arid region of Australia, which is as large as two-thirds of Europe, and has fewer than one million inhabitants.

38 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 38 ---

FRANCE
Future Defense Ministry Headquarters, Paris

Institution Nationale des Invalides (Military hospital),
Paris

Naval Air Station, Landivisiau
INDIA

Naval Officers Club, Delhi
POLAND

Military Medical Institute, Warsaw

SINGAPORE

Civil Defence Force Basic Rescue Training Centre and
Academy

SOUTH KOREA

DLA Troop Support, Osan

SWEDEN

The Ronneby Air Force Garrison
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES

1 US base

French foreign Legion base, Abu Dhabi

UNITED KINGDOM

Army main Garrisons of Aldershot, Brecon, Bulford,
Catterick, Colchester, London, Tidworth, Warminster, York

JUSTICE SERVICES

KEY FIGURES

3} 5 3} million euro in revenues

2 % of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE AT THE SERVICE OF PRISONER
REHABILITATION

Sodexo operates prisons only in democratic countries
that do not have the death penalty, where the ultimate
goal of incarceration is prisoner rehabilitation and where
its staff is not required to carry arms. Sodexo adapts its
offer to national laws and cultures

DU

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Joint garrisons in Cyprus and the Falkland Islands
Naval Air Stations, Culdrose and Yeovilton

Naval shore establishments, Fleet Headquarters
Portsmouth, HMS Nelson, HMS Sultan, HMS Collingwood

Royal Marines Commando Training Centre
UNITED STATES

U.S. Air Force, 1 retail operation

U.S. Army, 9 hospital sites, 1 retail operation

U.S. Marine Corps, 48 mess halls, 8 retail operations
U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, 1 dining facility

U.S. Navy, 7 Starbucks Stores, 5 facilities management 2
contracts

Military Office Building Retail Operations, 6 client sites

IN THEATER MILITARY FORCES

Postal service for the troops in the French deployed
bases

UNIFIL, Lebanon
U.S. Air Force 1 site, Kuwait

U.S. Defense Logistics Agency (MRO contract), South
Korea

U.S. Forces Camps, 3 sites, Kuwait

4,088 employees
1 1 9 sites

Consistent with its commitment, Sodexo has developed a
strong expertise in prisoner rehabilitation and has made
education, training and help with basic actions necessary
to successfully re-enter society, such as opening a bank
account or finding housing or a job, an intrinsic part of
its offer.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 39


--- Page 39 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Market trends

ECONOMIC AND SOCIETAL COSTS, PRISON
OVER-POPULATION ARE MAJOR CHALLENGES
Government budgets everywhere are falling, reflecting
the continuing effects of the global economic crisis and
causing many clients to outsource certain services in
an effort to significantly reduce costs while maintaining
standards

The high economic and societal costs of re-offending
resulting from the associated police, court and prison
costs are compelling governments to look at more
effective forms of rehabilitation in order to reduce the
number of repeat offenders

Justice Departments around the world are seeing that
the private sector can meet their social needs effectively
while complying with budget constraints and bring
added expertise to prison management and offender
rehabilitation.

Source: Sodexo.

Focus on...

FRANCE - REHABILITATION THROUGH
CONSTRUCTION JOBS

Prisoners at Sodexo-managed prisons in France, are being
given the opportunity to learn construction trades while
serving their terms and increasing their chances to find
long-term employment upon release. Released for the
day to work on external construction sites, detainees sign
a fixed term contract and are paid according to normal
employment laws.

Examples of projects include the renovation of social
housing by 11 prisoners over a 10-month period in Saint
Martin d'Hardinghem and the renovation of a paper mill
by eight prisoners over a six-month period

As part of its support for its client's commitment to
prisoner rehabilitation, Sodexo has set an objective
of finding long-term construction jobs for 70% of the
detainees working in the program

Highlights

CHILE - TRAINING PRISONERS IN HISTORIC
FURNITURE RESTORATION

Sodexo has reached an agreement with UNESCO to
train long-term prisoners in the restoration of furniture

belonging to the National Collection. The training, for up
to a full year, helps prisoners at the Alto Hospicio prison
to learn a useful new trade while also aiding the Chilean
government in providing the furniture at low cost for the
New Heritage Centre. The Centre, located in former nitrate
mines, is home to new offices, shops and a museum.

FRANCE - FLORIST TRAINING

At the Seysses prison in France, a “flower fashion show”
highlighted the creative work of women detainees being
trained in a degree course in applied arts and floral
composition in the prison’s workshops. The bouquets
created in the workshops are sold to staff in the prison’s
florist “boutique” with the benefits donated to a local
charity.

UNITED KINGDOM
e Restorative Justice

Sodexo-managed HMP Bronzefield is piloting a
program that enables victims of crime and the prisoners
who committed the crimes against them to meet face
to face. The “Restorative Justice” initiative is proving to
be a powerful instrument in helping offenders realize
the consequences of their actions. This initiative also
is being used successfully between prisoners who have
disagreed with - and perhaps committed violent acts
against — one other.

e Business development unit

HMP Peterborough has launched a business
development unit, with prisoners manufacturing a
range of prison-designed goods and crafts for sale,
learning new skills and generating revenue that is
re-invested in prisoner training. A newly opened
restaurant is enabling female prisoners to prepare for
vocational qualification - including Barista-coffee bar
training - while also providing an excellent facility for
prison staff.

e Health and safety performance

All four of the Sodexo managed prisons in the UK have
achieved the highest level of international accreditation
in health and safety, the International H&S Award
from the British Safety Council. Three of the prisons
achieved the highest possible rating of five stars
“A****" receiving the “Sword of Honour’ awarded
each year to 40 companies worldwide.

40 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 40 ---

Key contract win

BELGIUM - AN INAUGURAL CONTRACT
IN THE PRISON SECTOR

The 312-bed Marche-en-Famenne prison will open
in 2013, Sodexo’s first Justice Services contract in
Belgium. Services provided under the contract include
foodservices, laundry services, grounds maintenance,
waste management, janitorial services and technical
maintenance. Rehabilitation of prisoners to aid their
reintegration is an integral part of the contract and many
of the services will be provided by inmate volunteers,
who will receive vocational training organized in close
collaboration with Sodexo.

Among our clients...

BELGIUM
Ministry of Justice, 1 prison (2013)

REMOTE SITES

KEY FIGURES

1 waa million euro in revenues

1 0% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

EFFICIENCY AND QUALITY OF LIFE AT THE ENDS

OF THE EARTH

Sodexo contributes to the performance of remote sites
clients around the world, both on and offshore. Our teams’
international expertise and our proven technical processes
put us in a unique position to deliver innovative, valued
services that contribute to the well-being of the women
and men who live and work in these challenging, often
isolated environments.

From conception to dismantling of remote sites,
Sodexo’s integrated offer:

e includes added-value technical and cost-saving
services;

e meets rigorous Quality,
Environmental standards;

Health, Safety and

e creates a safe and comfortable workplace for all;

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

CHILE
Ministry of Justice, 5 prisons

FRANCE
Ministry of Justice, 34 prisons

ITALY
Ministry of Justice, 17 prisons

NETHERLANDS
Ministry of Justice, 54 prisons

SPAIN
Catalonia Government, 5 prisons

UNITED KINGDOM

Ministry of Justice England and the Scottish Prison
Service, 4 prisons

40, 6 2 5 employees
1 (6 5 sites

e reflects Sodexo’s commitment to sustaining the
economic development, social needs and environmental
resources of host communities

Market trends and growth potential

MARKET TRENDS

Mining companies have strongly increased their
exploration investments, driven by rising demand from
emerging countries. Challenges include the need to reach
higher risk remote locations, attracting and retaining
workers and engineers as well as ensuring site compliance
with local regulatory requirements.

In the oil and gas sector, high oil prices continue to
drive large exploration and production projects for deep-
water and unconventional resources. At the same time,
regulatory uncertainties may continue to affect drilling
activity in the Gulf of Mexico.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

2

A


--- Page 41 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

While work on some mega-projects launched before
the recession in the engineering and construction
sector remains suspended or has slowed, new growth
opportunities are being generated through demand from
the petrochemicals industry and the increasing reliance
of financially constrained governments on private sector
participation to address infrastructure needs

Source: Sodexo.

Growth potential

1 0 billion euro total estimated sales
for On-site Services

Sodexo estimate.

Focus on...

INTERNATIONAL - ON TRACK WITH WELL TRACK

To help its clients attract and retain employees, Sodexo
has introduced the “Well Track” offer, a comprehensive
incentives-based program that helps workers on remote
sites to get and stay in shape, both physically and
mentally, at work and on leave. Workers are provided with
constant encouragement and rewards through the three-
module program, which includes:

e “Fit to work’ aimed at improving professional, social,
fitness, nutritional and recreational conditions under
the supervision of a Sodexo Wellness coach;

e “Family away’ to improve workers’ relations with
their families while apart through the use of a virtual
concierge;

e and “Motivation” providing incentives for workers to
become actors in their own well-being, featuring gifts
for workers and their families through an online points
system

An excellent example of sunergies between the Group’s

three activities.

Highlights
AUSTRALIA - SUPPORTING INDIGENOUS
COMMUNITIES

Sodexo was recently awarded the “Indigenous
Engagement Award” in Rio Tinto’s Iron Ore Supplier
Recognition Program. The award recognizes Sodexo for

its indigenous employment, trainee and apprenticeship
programs, its commitment to helping aboriginal micro-
businesses develop through sub-contracting and its
participation in events within the Aboriginal Pilbara
communities in the mining region of Western Australia

CANADA - 63% OF EMPLOYEES FROM ABORIGINAL
COMMUNITIES

Sodexo has renewed its partnership agreements and
reinforced its relations with Aboriginal communities,
continuing a 22-year commitment. Sodexo has
36 active partnerships with investments in training
and development programs for Aboriginal Canadians
and an average of 63% of site employees are members
of Aboriginal communities. For the fourth consecutive
year, Sodexo has achieved “Gold certification” for
Progressive Aboriginal Relations by the Canadian Council
for Aboriginal Business.

INDIA - HEALTH AND SAFETY COMMITMENT
RECOGNIZED

Sodexo was awarded the prestigious “British Gas Group
Chairman’s Award” in partnership with British Gas
Exploration and Production India Limited (BGEPIL), in
recognition of its ongoing commitment to health and
safety. Sodexo is the only food and facilities provider to
obtain HACCP certification for its operations with BGEPIL,
reflecting compliance with all requirements and standards
at British Gas India’s offshore processing platform

INTERNATIONAL - ECO-CAMP

Oxygen Eco Village is Sodexo’s innovative, turnkey offer
for new, onshore camps with integrated, environmental
performance monitoring. With thorough design of
orientation, ventilation, lighting and landscaping and
careful selection of the most efficient technologies and
processes ~ including insulation, renewable energy,
water management and eco friendly materials - Sodexo’s
solution protects the environment, offers superior comfort
and saves clients money.

PERU - CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

COMMITMENT RECOGNIZED

The numerous CSR awards won by Sodexo teams include:

e the “Antamina Mining Company’s Sumajg award”
for the “Local Suppliers Development Program;”"

e the “2011 Entrepreneurial Creativity award” for the
“Nutrition and Food Partnerships for Inclusion Project;”

42 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 42 ---

e the “National Society of Mining, Oil and Energy’s
Sustainable Development 2011 award” for the
“Community Nutrition and Food initiative;”

e and “Barrick Misquichilca Mining Company's Social
Responsibility excellence award.”

Key contract wins

ARGENTINA - MAJOR CONTRACT

Sodexo signed its largest contract in Argentina, with
mining company Vale, to provide food, cleaning, laundry,
accommodation and recreation services for Consorcio
Rio Colorado's 3,200-member camp, in partnership with
Grupo Alvarez.

CHILE - MULTI-EXPERTISE TEAMS

e More than 1,000 Sodexo employees will deliver
food, cleaning, laundry, concierge, maintenance and
upkeep services for as many as 6,000 people at the
Sierra Gorda copper mining camp. Once it opens in
2014, Sierra Gorda is expected to produce more than
200,000 metric tons of copper annually, making it one
of the country’s most promising projects

e BHP Billiton Escondida, which operates two copper
mines at Antofagasta with 6,300 people, entrusted
a wide array of services to Sodexo including laundry
and cleaning services, leisure activities, maintenance
of recreational equipment and security.

PERU - NEW CONTRACT WINS

Sodexo won a number of major contracts in Peru during the
year, including with Repsol, JJC Contratistas Generales
and Hunt Oil Company as well as with Hochschild
Mining at its Selene, Pallancata and Inmaculada mines

QATAR - EXPANDED FACILITIES MANAGEMENT
SERVICES

Sodexo is providing facilities management services to
two ExxonMobil administrative sites in Doha, adding to
the services already provided at a number of the client's
remote sites. Services provided at the head office and
research center include technical hotline, equipment
maintenance, janitorial services, pest control, landscaping,
visitor reception, vehicle fleet management, mail and
management of file and copy room and conference center.

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
e Strategic water management

Sodexo is providing food and facilities management
services for 2,800 people as part of Abu Dhabi’s
Strategic Water Storage Project.

e Desert mobilization in record-time

A new camp and foodservices facilities for
5,000 workers at Samsung Engineering's new Ruwais
refinery project was set up by Sodexo teams in just four
weeks. Services include five dining halls, lunch boxes,
gardening, catering and cleaning, as well as laundry,
linen distribution, and soft camp maintenance.

Among our clients...

OIL AND GAS

BP, Argentina, Norway, United Kingdom, United States
(Alaska, Gulf of Mexico)

ConocoPhillips, United Kingdom, United States (Alaska,
Gulf of Mexico)

ExxonMobil, Angola, Australia, Canada, Norway, Saudi
Arabia, United States (Alaska, Gulf of Mexico)

Petrobras, Brazil
Saudi Aramco, Saudi Arabia

Shell, Gabon, Norway, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia,
Sultanate of Oman, United Kingdom, United States (Gulf
of Mexico)

Talisman, Norway, United Kingdom

Total, Angola, Congo, Gabon, Indonesia, Netherlands,
Norway, Qatar

ENERGY

GDF-Suez, Netherlands

Manitoba Hydro, Canada

Suncor, Canada

OFFSHORE AND MARINE

Diamond Offshore, Norway, United Kingdom

ENSCO, Angola, Denmark, Indonesia, Qatar, United Arab
Emirates, United Kingdom

Noble Drilling, Netherlands, Qatar, Singapore, United
Kingdom, United States (Gulf of Mexico)

Seadrill, Angola, Brazil, China, Indonesia, Mexico, Norway,
Saudi Arabia, United States (Gulf of Mexico), Vietnam

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

43


--- Page 43 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Teekay, Brazil, Norway, Qatar, United Kingdom

Transocean, India, Malaysia, Netherlands, Norway, Qatar,
Saudi Arabia, Thailand
MINES

Anglo American, Chile, Peru

Barrick Gold, Australia, Chile, Dominican Republic, Peru,
Tanzania

BHP Billiton, Australia, Brazil, Chile, Gabon, Peru
Codelco, Chile
Freeport McMoran, Democratic Republic of Congo

Rio Tinto, Australia, Guinea Conakry, Madagascar, Russia
SPORTS AND LEISURE

KEY FIGURES

830 million euro in revenues

4% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE FOR EXCEPTIONAL MOMENTS

As a strategic partner in managing unique venues and
organizing world-class sports and cultural events,
including the Olympics, Rugby World Cup and the Chelsea
Flower Show, Sodexo has been delivering exceptional
services that respond to the demands of exacting clients
for more than 20 years

From ticketing, travel, foodservices, security and logistics
to technical and artistic execution, Sodexo teams know
what it takes to create memorable events and enhance
the reputation of prestigious sites.

Sodexo also helps clients attract visitors and consumers
by emphasizing social responsibility, local procurement
and eco-friendly practices in its foodservices operations
Organizers know they can rely on Sodexo’s expertise and
creativity to bring exceptional moments to daily life

Vale, Brazil, New Caledonia, Peru

Xstrata, Australia, Chile, Peru

ENGINEERING AND CONSTRUCTION
Bechtel, Peru

Fluor Daniel, Canada, Qatar
Foster Wheeler, Australia

Halliburton, Algeria, Congo, Qatar, United States (Gulf
of Mexico)

Punj Lloyd, Oman, Qatar

Samsung engineering, United Arab Emirates

1 2,856 employees
806 sites

MARKET TRENDS

The continuing uncertain economic climate has
impacted the market in terms of:

e funding: Reduced government and sponsorship
support for sports and leisure activities is prompting
clients to seek high value-added solutions to attract
consumers;

e limiting of discretionary spending in many parts
of the world;

e despite the difficult economic conditions, France,
and particularly Paris, where Sodexo has a significant
presence, remains a favored destination for
international tourists.

New opportunities arising in this market include:

e sustainability, wellness and diversity are fast
becoming key drivers for partner selection and
retention and a source of differentiation for market
leaders like Sodexo;

e optimization of venue utilization is a key request
from clients, who are seeking partners that can
better assist them in attracting new guests to boost
attendance and facility rentals

Source: Sodexo.

44 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 44 ---

Focus on...
LONDON 2012

More than 4,000 Sodexo employees were involved in
the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games,
providing foodservices to athletes, staff, journalists and
spectators. Sodexo provided foodservices at numerous
event venues and provided hospitality packages for the
games through Prestige Ticketing Limited (PTL), its joint
venture with Mike Burton Group. PTL designed and built
hospitality pavilions at Olympic Stadium and other venues
and provided exclusive hospitality at Wimbledon and the
North Greenwich Arena

Highlights
FRANCE

e Rising to the occasion!

The Lounge Eiffel is the new dining area opened in
June 2012 on the first level of the Eiffel Tower, part
of the 18-month refurbishment of the Paris icon. The
friendly, welcoming environment features a bar and
take-out counter.

e What's new on the water

A new look now welcomes customers aboard the
Diamant Il, the redesigned flagship of Bateaux
Parisiens. Small rooms under the windows offer a
cozy atmosphere and round tables grace the boat's
front deck offering an elegant, friendly atmosphere
for cruising through Paris. A new tri-maran will join
the Bateaux Parisiens fleet in spring 2013. Meanwhile,
following the redevelopment of Port Javel Il, Yachts
de Paris will offer a new center for corporate events,
a plaza overlooking the river and a terrace restaurant
along the Seine.
NETHERLANDS - FLORIADE WORLD HORTICULTURAL
EXHIBITION
Sodexo was the hospitality partner during the 2012
Floriade world horticultural exhibition, held every ten
years in the Netherlands. Operating in an enormous
exhibition area (equal to 130 football fields), Sodexo’s
250-person team managed business banqueting events
and operated five large restaurants with an average of
700 seats, an Aspretto coffee corner and ice cream salon
and 22 catering kiosks. More than two million visitors
visited the 2012 exposition between April and October.

NEW ZEALAND - SODEXO CONTINUES RUGBY
WORLD CUP RUN

Rugby World Cup 2011 in New Zealand proved a
resounding success with sales of travel and hospitality
packages by Sodexo exceeding expectations. Sodexo's

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

joint venture with the Mike Burton Group, Rugby
Travel & Hospitality (RTH), was awarded the contract
to exclusively create, implement and market the official
travel and hospitality program following its success at
the 2007 tournament in France, where it achieved record
sales. RTH was also was awarded the contracts for both
the 2015 Rugby World Cup in England and the 2019
tournament in Japan.

UNITED STATES
e New comprehensive offer: Shomi Events by Sodexo

Sodexo now offers comprehensive sales, marketing
and technical and artistic production for events
through a new service. “Shomi Events” provide each
client with customized solutions, including designing,
planning and producing every aspect of an event.

e New awards

Among recognitions received during the year were the
“Catered Arts Through Innovative Excellence award” by
the International Caterer’s Association for the Atlanta
Zoo, the “2012 Pinnacle Awards” for the High Country
and Black Canyon conference centers and the listing
of Shedd Aquarium and The Children’s Museum of
Indianapolis as two of the best ten museums to throw
a party.

Key contract wins

FRANCE
e Seminars

Sodexo will provide overall management and marketing
for events at the Chateau de Fillerval. Located
90 minutes from Paris and owned by GDF-Suez, the
magnificent 78-room edifice is equipped with high-
performance equipment for corporate seminars and
events

e Amusement Parks

Sodexo signs a contract with the “Parc de Sainte-
Croix? an animal park welcoming 250,000 visitors
annually, and the future “Pare dela Grotte Chauvet’
Europe’s first prehistoric park and a UNESCO world
heritage candidate, which will open its doors in 2015
POLAND - A BIG START FOR SPORTS AND LEISURE
SEGMENT
Sodexo teams have signed a 10-year contract to provide
foodservices to the National Stadium in Warsaw, the first
for the Sports & Leisure Segment in Poland. In addition
to its 58,000 seats, the Stadium includes 35 kiosks,
65 VIP lodges and two Club Areas with capacity to host
up to 2,500 guests. Its Club Prestige area welcomed
6,000 guests for the opening match of the Euro 2012
soccer tournament.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 45


--- Page 45 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

UNITED KINGDOM - MULTIPLE SERVICES, MULTIPLE
SPORTS

Sodexo won an exclusive, long-term contract with
Headingley Experience to provide catering, hospitality
and retail services for Leeds Rhinos, Leeds Carnegie and
Yorkshire County Cricket Club.

UNITED STATES
e Professional sports

Circuit of The Americas selected Sodexo to design,
manage and deliver all aspects of concession services
including catering, food and beverage services,
hospitality and associated vendor management for
the USA's first Formula One Race Grand Prix event, in
Austin, Texas

e Cultural pursuits

Sodexo was awarded the contract for the National
Zoo, in Washington, D.C., which welcomes two million
visitors annually. The contract with the National
Zoo, part of the Smithsonian Museums, reinforces
Sodexo's position as a leading provider of high-quality
foodservices in the cultural destination sector.

e Conference centers
Anew contract with the Arnold and Mabel Beckman
Center expanded Sodexo’s long-term corporate
services relationship with the National Academy of
Sciences.

Among our references...

ATHLETIC AND CULTURAL ACTIVITIES
Art Café, Strasbourg (France)

Ascot Racecourse, Berkshire (United Kingdom)
Bateaux Parisiens, Paris (France)

Café Carlu (Cité de l’Architecture et du Patrimoine), Paris
(France)

Children’s Museum of Indianapolis, Indiana (United
States)

Dallas Museum of Art, Texas (United States)
Detroit Institute of Art, Michigan (United States)
Grand Parc du Puy du Fou, (France)

Hampden Park, Glasgow, Scotland (United Kingdom)

Hippodrome race courses, Auteuil, Enghien, Longchamp,
Maisons-Laffitte, Saint-Cloud, Vincennes (France)

Houston Zoo, Texas (United States)

Jardin du Petit Palais, Paris (France)

Lido de Paris (France)

UOlympique Lyonnais Football Club, Lyons (France)

UOlympique de Marseille Football Club, Marseilles
(France)

Le Tour de France
Museo del Prado, Madrid (Spain)

Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago, Illinois
(United States)

Newcastle United Football Club, Newcastle (United
Kingdom)

Roland Garros Tennis Stadium, Paris (France)
Seattle Aquarium, Washington (United States)
Shedd Aquarium, Chicago, Illinois (United States)
Space Center Houston, Texas (United States)

The Churchill Museum & Cabinet War Rooms, London
(United Kingdom)

The Dakar Rally, France, Chile, Argentina

PRESTIGE RESTAURANTS

Huntington Library Gardens Café, Pasadena, California
(United States)

Le Pré Catelan, Paris (France)
St. Bartholomew’s Church, New York City (United States)
The restaurants of the Eiffel Tower, Paris (France)

Yachts de Paris, Paris (France)

PRIVATE CLUBS, ASSOCIATIONS AND CONFERENCE
CENTERS

Aéroclub de France, Paris (France)

Black Canyon Conference Center, Phoenix, Arizona
(United States)

Centre d’Affaires Etoile Saint-Honoré, Paris (France)
Centre d’Affaires Capital 8, Paris (France)

Desert Willow Conference Center, Phoenix, Arizona
(United States)

Domaine du Manet, Montigny-le-Bretonneux (France)

46 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 46 ---

La Faisanderie - Stade Francais, Paris (France)
La Maison des Polytechniciens, Paris (France)

Les Salons de la Maison des Arts et Métiers, Paris
(France)

HEALTH CARE

KEY FIGURES

3,329 million euro in revenues

1 8% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

IMPROVING HEALTH CARE THROUGH QUALITY

OF LIFE SERVICES

Sodexo understands the interdependency of care activities
in a hospital and contributes to a positive patient
experience through the productive use of human, material
and financial resources. Sodexo’s services range from
management of clinical equipment to sterilization of
medical devices, from disinfection of patient rooms and
operating theaters to patient reception and admissions,
and from hospital logistics to providing foodservices
for patients, visitors and hospital staff. With all of this
expertise, Sodexo’s services are adapted to address client
priorities:

e improve quality of care and health outcomes;
increase patient satisfaction;

© motivate and retain staff;

e@ ensure compliance with rigorous medical standards;
e reduce overheads;

© maximize revenues.

The value added: better patient outcomes,
improved operational performance and increased
competitiveness in their market.

Market trends

Health care costs are constantly increasing, driven by
a combination of demographic, social, economic and
technological factors

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Maison de la Recherche, Paris (France)

San Ramon Valley Conference Center, California (United
States)

Tecnoldgico de Monterrey (Mexico)

5) 9, 6 54 employees
4,0 3 3 sites

In developed countries:

© concentration of the health care sector is resulting in
larger but fewer facilities;

e budgetary constraints and technological advances are
contributing to a reduction in the number of beds and
average length of stay, as well as the development
of care outside of the traditional hospital setting
(ambulatory centers or home care);

e chronic diseases (diabetes, cardiovascular disease,
cancer, etc.) have a significant impact on the
organization and costs of health systems;

e patient consumerism is forcing hospitals to focus
increasingly on improving the patient experience;

e® economic crisis and healthcare reforms are reducing
reimbursement rates, requiring hospitals to further
focus on increasing efficiency and cutting costs.

In emerging markets:

e increased disposable income, emergence of private
insurance and population growth are driving higher
demand;

e national health care systems are struggling to provide
the appropriate level of care, due to insufficient
infrastructure and limited budgets and health care
human resources, paving the way for a growing and
ever stronger private healthcare sector.

Source: Sodexo.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 47


--- Page 47 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Growth potential

More than 150 bition euro
in estimated total market value,

with an outsourcing rate around 40% (among the
highest rates: Chile and Spain above 60%; among
the lowest rates: Finland and Sweden, around 25%).

Sodexo estimate.

Focus on...

SUPPORTING CLIENT PERFORMANCE
ACCREDITATION IN EMERGING MARKETS

Sodexo’s global health care expertise is playing an
important role in supporting clients in emerging countries
to achieve international accreditation, such as from Joint
Commission International (JCI). Sodexo's value adding
services contribute not only to strengthening operational
performance but also to improving patient and staff
satisfaction and, thus, client competitiveness. Achieving
accreditation is quite often one of the primary reasons
why a hospital chooses Sodexo as a service partner.

In Malaysia, for example, Sodexo’s quality assurance
and technical innovations helped increase the quality of
service to patients and staff at Sri Kota Specialist Medical
Centre (SKSMC). Sodexo’s experience supported SKSMC in
earning accreditation from the national quality assurance
agency

Client hospitals achieving national or international
accreditations with Sodexo’s support also included
TotalCor Hospital and Santa Paula Hospital in Brazil, Max
Bathinda, Max Mohali & Shalimar Bagh Hospitals, and
Vijaya Hospital in India and Pantai Hospital in Malaysia.

Highlights

CHILE - LAUNCH OF NEW FOODSERVICES OFFER

Sodexo implemented a new retail concept called “Le
Jardin’ a mixed cafeteria and restaurant concept, at
a new 350-bed facility for Clinica Alemana Santiago
The vertical garden inside the Sodexo-designed and
operated restaurant lends a special ambience amidst an
atmosphere of nature

NETHERLANDS - “AT YOUR REQUEST®”

Sodexo’s popular “At Your Request®" service, an innovative
approach to food preparation and meal delivery developed
in North America was introduced on the Dutch market at
the 500-bed Ziekenhuis Gelderse Vallei hospital in Ede
The hospital, the first in Europe to implement hotel-stule
“room service’ believes the new service will be a driver of
culture change at the facility.

THAILAND
e Innovative meal ordering system

Sodexo’s “Touch to Order menu” system provides
a real-time ordering system that directly links
the patient ward to the kitchen, greatly improving
efficiency while reducing printing and recurring paper
costs. The modern, innovative system was launched
at Bangkok Nursing Home and has received positive
feedback from patients and hospital staff.

e New state-of-the art services

With its acquisition of Bangkok-based Global
Lithotripsy Services, Sodexo is now providing a
lithotripsy* service used by over 100 urologists at
85 hospitals across Thailand. The equipment can
be installed at a site, transported between sites or
deployed inside a fully equipped mobile lithotripsy
clinic, manned by trained specialists

UNITED STATES - ADVANCED INFECTION-FIGHTING
TECHNOLOGY

In partnership with Xenex, the world leader in room
disinfection systems, Sodexo has incorporated pulsed
UV technology into its infection prevention solutions
to bring the advanced technology to hospital clients and
to help lower costs. Results following implementation at
one leading hospital snowed a 58% decrease in Hospital
Acquired Infections, a significant increase in satisfaction
scores and a nearly two-thirds reduction in costs

Key contract wins

FRANCE - A COMPREHENSIVE SERVICES SOLUTION
FOR IMPROVED COORDINATION

At the Red Cross’ 158-bed Henri Dunant Hospital, Sodexo
is delivering an integrated services offer that responds to
the client's needs for a single point of contact, improved
service levels and better cost control. Services provided
include foodservices, bio cleaning, waste management,
maintenance, security and green spaces management.

* Lithotripsy or shock wave lithotripsy is a set of techniques used to remove kidney stones through fragmentation and disintegration.

48 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 48 ---

SINGAPORE - FIRST HEALTH CARE CONTRACTS

Sodexo signed its first Health Care contract in Singapore
with the National University Hospital, providing
foodservices to 1,000 patients per day. To enhance the
patient experience, Sodexo offers varied meal choices,
personalized meal service, celebration dinners and distinct
menus to meet specific needs, such as for post-natal
patients and children. Sodexo also won contracts to
provide foodservices at the 350-bed AMK Hospital and
at the 850-bed KKH Women’s Hospital.

SPAIN - CAPIO GROUP RENEWS ITS CONFIDENCE
IN SODEXO

For only the second time, Spain’s largest private hospital
Group, Capio, has outsourced foodservices at one of
its major hospitals, Fundacién Jimenez Diaz, again
choosing Sodexo

SWEDEN - EXPANDED SCOPE OF SERVICES

Sodexo has added a wide array of new services to the
foodservices it already provides to Stockholm’s Danderyds
Hospital, including patient transportation, mail handling
services, goods reception, deliveries of drugs and medical
gases, waste management, handling of medical tests and
linen supply.

Among our clients...
Beijing Friendship Hospital, Beijing (China)

Casa di Cura Multimedica SpA, 4 sites, Sesto San
Giovanni, Milan (Italy)

Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Ibn Rochd, Casablanca
(Morocco)

Centre Hospitalier Universitaire, Rennes (France)
Deventer Ziekenhuis, Deventer (Netherlands)

Groupe 3H, Niort (France)

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Hospital Militar de Santiago, Santiago (Chile)
ICESP - Hospital do Cancer de Sao Paulo, (Brazil)
Institut Catala de Salud, Catalonia, 10 sites (Spain)

Johns Hopkins Medical Center, Baltimore, Maryland
(United States)

KCS Klinikum, Darmstadt (Germany)

Krakow University Hospital, Krakow (Poland)

KZN Public Hospitals, 9 sites (South Africa)

Lilavati Hospital, Mumbai (India)

Lowell General Hospital, Massachusetts (United States)
Mackenzie Health, Ontario (Canada)
Medi-Partenaires, 25 sites (France)

Military Medical Institute (WIM), Warsaw (Poland)
Orbis Medical Park, Sittard (Netherlands)

Papworth Hospital NHS Foundation Trust,
Cambridgeshire (United Kingdom)

Samitivej Hospitals, 3 sites, Bangkok (Thailand)
Stockholm County Council (Sweden)

The Hillingdon Hospital, Uxbridge, Middlesex (United
Kingdom)

Universitair Ziekenhuis Gent, Ghent (Belgium)

University Healthcare Consortium (UHC), an alliance
of 107 university medical centers and 233 affiliated
hospitals (United States)

Vancouver Coastal Health Authority, multiple sites,
Vancouver (Canada)

Wilhelminenspital, Vienna (Austria)

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

2

49


--- Page 49 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

SENIORS

KEY FIGUR

Our offer

IMPROVING THE QUALITY OF LIFE OF SENIORS
Sodexo helps ensure the overall well-being of seniors

through medical nutrition and a full range of high value-
added services designed to:

e ensure efficient assistance to senior care providers:
Sodexo’s services enhance client business performance
and reputation;

e improve seniors Quality of Life: with a good
understanding of the diversity of senior needs, Sodexo
offers services appropriate to all stages of the aging
process;

e contribute to the physical, emotional and
mental well-being of seniors residing in retirement
communities and care facilities;

e enable seniors to preserve their independence
through the delivery of quality services in the home.

Market trends
ECONOMIC TRENDS

Rising demand and expenditures

e The increasing senior population is contributing to
rising health care costs.

e Greater prevalence of chronic diseases is contributing
to higher costs.

Controlling budgets

e Many seniors lack sufficient personal resources to cover
medical care costs

e Governments are seeking cost-effective solutions to
meet the increasing demands for senior care.

SOCIAL TRENDS

Extended life expectancy, changing society
Medical advances are prolonging life expectancy with
those over 80 comprising the fastest growing segment
of the population in many countries.

e More seniors, preferring to live independently at home,
are entering facilities later in life.

Arising need for professional caregivers
e Growing numbers of families are seeking help to meet
the unique requirements of the elderly.

e Competition for professional caregivers is intensifying
Source: Sodexo.

Growth potential

Focus on...

UNITED STATES - NEW SOLUTIONS FOR SENIOR
INDEPENDENCE

Together with its partner Healthsense, an industry leader
in technology enabled care solutions, Sodexo offers fully
integrated services designed to increase independence
and improve Quality of Life for seniors.

50 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 50 ---

A wireless technology platform supports multiple
solutions, including the eNeighbor® system, which
monitors a resident's daily routine through a series
of small, unobtrusive sensors. The system “learns” an
individual's daily routine and is able to call for assistance
automatically in the event of emergencies as well as
notifying caregivers to abnormal levels of daily activity
that could indicate a deteriorating health condition.

Another system, eNeighborVitals™, supports four vital
sign monitoring devices while eCall™, a state of the art
emergency call system, alerts staff and provides valuable
information about the location of an emergency to speed
the response

Highlights
AUSTRALIA - REINFORCING DESIRED BEHAVIORS

The U.S.-developed CARES* behavioral training program
is part of a new Human Resources plan to reinforce
employee responsiveness with consumers in the Seniors
segment. Already, it has resulted in increased resident
satisfaction and higher employee engagement on sites
where it has been introduced.

FRANCE - “FAMILY TIME” FOR ALZHEIMER’S
PATIENTS

Sodexo has developed “Family time’ an innovative, pro-
active foodservices offer designed specifically to reduce
the risks of malnutrition linked to Alzheimer’s disease
The offer encourages patient autonomy and socializing
and aids families and support staff while providing an
important regular and enjoyable moment during the day
for patients in a family environment. Successfully tested
with residents of care facilities, the offer is customized to
each patient's individual condition to provide an effective
nutritional solution that improves their Quality of Life.

UNITED STATES - WELL-BEING SERVICES FOR
SENIORS... AND THE ENVIRONMENT

At the Asbury-Solomons Island senior community
in Maryland, Sodexo’s Solution Center Energy and
Construction Services team installed new, energy-efficient
cooling and heating units and a new building automation
system to control the equipment.

* Compassion, Accountability, Respect, Enthusiasm and Service.

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Key contract wins
FRANCE - MENU OF SERVICES

Omega, a private provider of senior living centers chose
Sodexo to ensure quality foodservices for residents while
optimizing costs. The client sought a customized offer that
would maintain its own teams in place while optimizing
costs across its 11 sites. In addition to providing a
catalogue of products and an array of service options,
Sodexo's SoAppro offer also provides expert counseling
on foodservices operations, including safety, hygiene,
nutrition, menu planning as well as human resource
management

UNITED STATES - COMFORT, WELL-BEING AND
VITALITY

Under a new contract, a 75-member Sodexo team
provides an array of Quality of Life services, at the
Wesley Willows continuing care retirement community
in Rockford, Illinois. Sodexo’s services help Wesley Willows
improve Quality of Life and wellness for its 600 residents
through a full fitness center, fine dining, concierge services,
computer center, art center, salon, and a large auditorium
for Group activities and events. Additional services include
indoor and outdoor maintenance, housekeeping, and
complimentary scheduled transportation

Among our clients...
Adavir Group, 12 sites (Spain)
Air Force Villages, San Antonio, Texas (United States)

American Baptist Homes of the West (ABHOW), 10 sites
(United States)

Asbury Group, 6 sites (United States)
Baptist Housing, 5 sites in British Columbia (Canada)
China Welfare Institute (CWI), Shanghai (China)

Covenant Retirement Communities, 15 sites (United
States)

CSP Campo Grande, Lisbon (Portugal)
Domain Principal Group, 7 sites (Australia)

Fondation Caisses d’Epargne pour la Solidarité,
94 sites (France)

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 51


--- Page 51 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Fondazione Maria Ausiliatrice, Bergamo/Villa Serena di
Brembate, Bergamo (Italy)

Fundacion Teleton, 6 sites (People with Disabilities)
Santiago (Chile)

Hopeatie Senior Home, Helsinki (Finland)

Hospedaria Hogares de Cristo, 5 sites, Santiago (Chile)
Keshet Amuta Le-Maan Ha-Kashish, 3 sites (Israel)
Korian, 95 sites (France)

Maison Marie Immaculeée, 4 sites — Neufvilles (Belgium)

Maison Notre Dame (The Sisters of the Sacred-Heart)
Beirut (Lebanon)

Maisons de Soins de Bettembourg et de Wasserbillig
(Luxembourg)

MENSA, 8 sites - Meulebeke (Belgium)

Novaire, 11 sites (Spain)

Orpéa, 5 sites (Spain)

Retirement Home, City of Stockholm (Sweden)
Seniorenresidenz Schlof Kahslperg, Puch (Austria)
Shepherd Village, Toronto, Ontario (Canada)
Stichting Cordaan, Amsterdam (Netherlands)

Uniting Care Ageing NSW ACT, 15 Aged Care sites,
Sydney, New South Wales (Australia)

Yallambi Aged Care Facility, Melbourne, Victoria
(Australia)

PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES

Our offer
IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE FOR INDIVIDUALS
WITH DISABILITIES

Sodexo helps people with disabilities overcome challenges
and provides ways to make their daily life simpler, safer
and more enjoyable.

In helping to integrate people with disabilities more
fully into society and the workplace, Sodexo actively
engages in increasing awareness - and altering attitudes —
about all forms of disability

Highlight

FRANCE - “CAP SAVEURS”

Sodexo's foodservices solution “Cap Saveurs” (top flavors)
unit operates a central kitchen specifically designed
both to accommodate workers with varied disabilities and
meet the specific nutritional needs of consumers with
disabilities, such as children or individuals who cannot
receive solid food. For its client Apogei 94, “Cap Saveurs”
delivers its specially conceived “menu du jour” offerings
at more than 30 of the association’s sites.

Focus on...

UNITED KINGDOM - RECOGNITION FOR DEDICATED
SERVICE

Pat Metcalfe, Sodexo site manager at Doncaster Deaf
Trust, was recognized for her years of service to the
Trust's nursery, school and college students through the
“Specialist Manager Award” at the “Educatering Awards"

Pat received the award for the service she and her team
provide on a daily basis to 320 students who have
disabilities and special educational needs, accommodating
special dietary requirements related to allergies or
religious backgrounds.

Pat manages the extra demands by investing heavily
in the training and development of her chefs, who are
encouraged to go the extra mile in coming up with new
menu ideas for the students. Each member of her team
also has learned sign language in order to improve their
ability to communicate with their young consumers

52 > Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 52 ---

EDUCATION

KEY FIGURES

3,785 million euro in revenues

21 % of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

FOSTERING SUCCESS THROUGH ENHANCED
QUALITY OF LIFE

Schools and universities today face considerable
challenges, from increased competition for students and
faculty to aging infrastructure and constrained budgets
to concern over student nutritional habits. Sodexo plays a
key role in helping ensure a safe, welcoming and healthy
learning environment through efficient and innovative
integrated service offers that:

© create positive student experiences that improve
performance and achievement;

e enhance Quality of Life for the learning community;

e ensure students are offered balanced, healthy diets;

e strengthen clients’ image and reputation;

e retain students and faculty;

e help control operating expenses.

Market trends

STUDENT HEALTH AND WELLNESS

Governments in developed and emerging economies are
battling to curb alarming increases in both obesity and
malnutrition, including among student populations. In
the U.S., The Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act, provides an
opportunity to make real reforms to school lunch and
breakfast programs for the first time in 30 years by
improving the critical nutrition and hunger safety net for
millions of children

GLOBALIZATION OF EDUCATION

International student and faculty exchanges are on the rise;
Western schools and universities are building campuses
abroad and increasing international partnerships to

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

Our Quality of Life Services

91 1 375 employees
5,949 sites

meet rising demand in developing countries, especially
Southeast Asia and the Middle East, while adapting to
increased international student enrollment on their home
campuses

SUSTAINABILITY

With an educational institution’s commitment to
sustainable practices now a key factor influencing
school selection, universities are increasingly adopting
sustainable energy and environmental policies - which
also help reduce operating costs and improve productivity,
satisfaction and health.

FINANCIAL CONSTRAINTS

With a focus on attracting and retaining students but
facing increased financial constraints, educational
institutions are hard-pressed to meet day-to-day
operating budgets and fund capital projects; increasingly,
they are relying on their outsourcing partners to optimize
costs while governments are turning to the private sector
for investments.

TECHNOLOGY

More than ever before, technology is transforming
classroom dynamics. Education is being individualized,
allowing for greater engagement with students and
increasing knowledge development. For today's
educational institutions, applying cutting edge technology
is an absolute requirement

ECONOMIC CONDITIONS

Prolonged and rising unemployment in many developed
nations has reduced families’ spending power, multiplying
the number of children without access to proper nutrition

Source: Sodexo.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 53


--- Page 53 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Growth potential

Over 150 billion euro
in estimated total market value,

with an outsourcing rate around 35% (among the
highest rates: Belgium and Singapore, more than
60%; among the lowest rates: Canada and Poland,
around 25%).

Sodexo estimate.

Award

UNITED STATES - PROMOTING STUDENT WELL-BEING

Long Branch Middle School was one of 111 schools
across the U.S. that received “Healthier U.S. School
Challenge awards’ with the help of Sodexo's nutrition
expertise. The school was the first in New Jersey to earn
the “Gold Award of Distinction” under the challenge
program, designed to promote good nutrition and physical
activity in schools, and First Lady Michelle Obama's “Let’s
Move initiative” to end childhood obesity.

Sodexo, a partner to more than 480 school districts
across the country, works with its clients to provide
healthy options to students and teach them about
the importance of making smart nutrition choices - a
continuation of the Company's long-term commitment
to student well-being

Focus on...

FRANCE - KEEPING MARSEILLES’ SCHOOLCHILDREN
HAPPY AND HEALTHY

Emphasis on local suppliers, the introduction of organic
products and the preparation of “home-made” pastries
in a special kitchen are among the unique features of a
new Sodexo contract to provide foodservices for 45,000
students in 314 school restaurants in Marseilles,
France's second largest city

Other sustainable initiatives include use of electric
delivery vehicles, the recycling of all central kitchen
waste and an extensive awareness and communications
campaign to inform children and adults about the
principles of balanced nutrition

A one-of-a-kind agreement, this seven-year contract
will generate cost savings that can be reinvested in
higher quality products and the creation of lunchtime
presentations

Highlights

FRANCE - MY LUNCH HANGOUT - AT SCHOOL!

Encouraging high school students to remain at school
during lunch period and to dine on healthy fare is the aim
of “Entre Pot’, Sodexo's new fast food-style offering
being tested at schools in three French cities. Based
on studies showing students forsaking in-school, self-
service cafeterias for commercial fast food outlets, the
new concept, modeled on an apartment environment,
provides a warm, friendly space for students to gather
during mealtime. Serving attractive, seasonal menus
that comply with national nutritional guidelines (France’s
“Plan National Nutrition Santé’), the alternative venues are
proving a success, with increases in patronage of up to
15% recorded at the test sites

SPAIN - NEW RESTAURANT CONCEPT REVITALIZES
MADRID CAMPUS

Dining sites at the European University of Madrid have
quickly become an integrated part of daily student life
following the successful introduction of Sodexo’s “The
Unity” concept on the campus. Two restaurants and
four “corner” cafeterias offer diversified menus with
a Mediterranean flair to the population of more than
10,000 students, faculty and staff as well as welcoming,
multifunctional areas for relaxing or working. Widely
implemented at UK universities, “The Unity” theme is
proving a hit in Spain as well, helping to increase sales
by 20% since its arrival.

UNITED STATES
e Fostering technology on college campuses

Sodexo's “Food on Demand” (FoD) dining concept
was recognized by Nation’s Restaurant News as the
winner of one of five 2011 Hot Concepts Awards. The
program is customizable for each campus allowing
guests to order digitally from a touchscreen kiosk. Each
dish is then individually prepared, and the customer
is buzzed via smartphone or pager when the meal is
ready. The “Food on Demand" concept was lauded for
displaying bold tactics, outstanding creativity and
strong performance in a somewhat slower economy

e Ambassador for “Good Eating” Remmi Smith,
Sodexo's first-ever student ambassador, is bringing
a new kid-level perspective to nutrition education and
allowing students to learn from one of their peers
Through the partnership, the 12-year-old aspiring
chef plays a leadership role in student nutrition,
inspiring kids to make healthy food choices both in
and out of school. “Chef Remmi” was an integral part
of the Sodexo-organized Future Chefs Challenge for
which the Company received the “2012 Operator
Innovations Award” from the National Restaurant
Association

54 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 54 ---

Key contract wins

CHINA - GROWING PRESENCE IN SHANGHAI

Sodexo’s contract wins in Shanghai include providing
foodservices for 2,500 students at the SMIC School under
a three-year contract, which began July 1, 2012. The
latest contract doubles the number of education sites
served by Sodexo in Shanghai.

SPAIN - CAMPUS UNITY IN CATALONIA

Sodexo has implemented its “Unity” foodservices concept
at the Universidad Politécnica de Catalunya, Catalonia’s
leading university for engineering, architecture and other
technical degrees. Sodexo operates two restaurants under
the 10-year contract, providing foodservices for the
university’s 800 students and 150 professors

UNITED KINGDOM AND IRELAND - NUMEROUS NEW
CONTRACT WINS

Brunel Université and Oasis Community Learning were
among the year’s notable contract wins in the UK and
Ireland. Other successes included the United Kindom's
largest girls’ grammar school at Altrincham where
Sodexo added foodservices to an existing cleaning services
contract, lreland’s Clongowes Wood College, and the City
of London Freemen’s and Grammar Schools, to deliver
foodservices, cleaning, laundry, reception and transport
for 3,650 students and staff. Several new facilities
management services contracts brought to more than
6,000 the number of university student rooms for which
Sodexo provides daily services

UNITED STATES
e Facilities management outsourcing

In New Albany, Indiana, Sodexo won a new Facilities
Management contract to provide custodial services for
the benefit of 12,000 students and 1,200 personnel
at the Floyd County Consolidated School District —
administrative building, maintenance facility and
16 public schools.

e Facilities management again...

At the Mount Ida College Newton Centre in Newton,
Massachusetts, Sodexo is delivering an array of
Facilities Management services for the 1,500 students
at Mount Ida College, including building maintenance,
Jandscaping, energy management, shuttle services and
housekeeping. Under the five-year contract, Sodexo
will maintain the campus’ 30 buildings and 72 acres

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

e New contract with Vermont colleges
Vermont State College System consisting of four
colleges awarded Sodexo a new 10-year dining
solutions partnership to serve its 13,000 students,
with a strong emphasis on local sourcing

Among our clients...

Aditya Birla World School, Mumbai (India)

AIM, Melbourne (Australia)

Al Yasmina School, Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates)

American School of Bombay, Mumbai (India)

Asian Institute of Technology, Pathum Thani - Bangkok
area (Thailand)

Brest public schools (France)

British School, Sdo Paulo, Rio de Janeiro (Brazil)
British International School, Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)
Brunel University, Middlesex (United Kingdom)

City of London Freemen’s School, (United Kingdom)
Colegio Franco Argentino, Buenos Aires (Argentina)
Detroit Public Schools, Detroit, Michigan (United States)
Dongping Primary School, Guangdong (China)

Ecole Francaise de Riyadh (Saudi Arabia)

EDHEC, Lille (France)

Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, Daytona Beach,
Florida, and Prescott, Arizona (United States)

Fundacdo Dom Cabral, Minas Gerais (Brazil)

Garden International School, Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)
Gems Academy, Dubai (United Arab Emirates)
Haileybury College, Melbourne (Australia)

Hong Kong International School, Hong Kong (China)
International School Hamburg (Germany)

Jakarta International School, Jakarta (Indonesia)

Lappeenranta University of Technology, Lappeenranta
(Finland)

Lucée Francais International, Bangkok (Thailand)

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 55


--- Page 55 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Lycée Francais Paul Valéry, Cali (Colombia)

Lycée Louis Massignon, Abu Dhabi, (United Arab
Emirates)

Marseilles public schools (France)

Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois (United
States)

Oasis Community Learning, 17 sites
Pontifical Catholic University, Rio de Janeiro (Brazil)

Providence City School District, Rhode Island (United
States)

Putnam City School District, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
(United States)

Saint Nicholas School, Sdo Paulo (Brazil)

San Jose Unified School District, California (United
States)

SMIC School, Shanghai (China)

Tanglin Trust International School (Singapore)

Texas Christian University, Fort Worth (United States)
United World College of South East Asia, Singapore
Universidad Catolica de Chile, Santiago (Chile)
Universidad Europea de Madrid (Spain)

Universita di Pavia, Pavia (Italy)

Université Saint-Joseph, Beirut (Lebanon)

University of California, Davis, California (United States)
University of Ljubljana, Ujubljana (Slovenia)

University of Technology and Economics, Budapest
(Hungary)

56 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 56 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

Our Quality of Life Services

2.3.2 OUR BENEFITS AND REWARDS SERVICES

ACTIVITY

KEY FIGURES

1 A? billion euro in issue volume
7 56 million euro in revenues

4% of Group revenues

33, 6 3 3 employees

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

A BROAD RANGE OF QUALITY OF LIFE BENEFITS

Sodexo Benefits and Rewards Services provides access to
a wide range of services that improve the Quality of Life
of beneficiaries, including employees, students and public
benefits recipients. For example, Meal Pass promotes a
varied diet, Gift Pass rewards employees and provides an
abundance of choices, while a variety of additional Pass
offerings provide access to educational, sports, cultural
or other activities

Because they improve daily life, facilitate work-life balance
and recognize effort, Sodexo Benefits and Rewards Services
have a positive effect on employee motivation and
contribute to improving the performance of companies
and organizations.

Sodexo's offer focuses on three service categories to
respond to the main challenges facing its clients:

e recruit, retain and increase the motivation of
talented people. Employee Benefits responds to the
issues of company compensation policies, helping
clients enhance their attractiveness;

e mobilize teams around quantitative or qualitative
objectives. With Sodexo’s Incentives and Recognition
programs, companies have access to customized tools
to boost sales, engage their partner networks and
promote good plant safety practices;

41 0,000 clients

(excluding individuals)
30 a 2 million beneficiaries

1 4 million affiliated partners

e ensure and enhance the distribution and delivery
of Public Benefits. Sodexo-designed solutions are
simple, transparent and effective in facilitating the
work of governments and local authorities, helping
to optimize budgets and achieve their social policy,
cultural or educational goals.

Market trends and growth potential

MARKET TRENDS

Beyond long-term trends that promote the development
of all of Sodexo’'s activities, specific factors affecting
Benefits and Rewards Services include

e socioeconomic: the increasing service economy,
growing numbers of working women, the search for
a competitive edge, growing importance given to the
human factor;

e sociological: work-life balance, environmental and
health concerns;

e political: combating illegal work, controlling public
spending

The impact of these trends varies widely according to
country economic situations

Companies seeking to attract and retain talent to cope
with rapidly changing markets are turning to employee
motivation programs to differentiate themselves, enhance
productivity and respond to the new needs of their
workforce.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 a7


--- Page 57 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

e Inindustrialized countries, continuing urbanization,
a growing number of working women and an aging
population that is working longer are creating new
needs and expectations.

e Inemerging markets, middle class growth anda more
service-driven economy are increasing demand for
human resource services. Companies in countries like
Brazil, where competition for trained talent is intense,
are seeking solutions to make life easier for employees
and improve their purchasing power.

Governments and local authorities are constantly

looking for efficient aid distribution solutions and are

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

KEY FIGURE

2 3.6 million beneficiaries

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE TO ATTRACT AND
RETAIN TALENT

In today's extremely competitive environment, attracting
and retaining top performers is essential for every
public and private organization, regardless of size or
market. Knowing how to motivate employees can provide
companies with a true competitive edge.

Sodexo has developed customized, easy-to-use,
economical solutions with optimized tax treatment
that address client human resource needs and help
increase their attractiveness.

Whether through access to a varied diet offered by Meal
Pass, the ability to buy environmentally friendly products
through Eco Pass or the support for commuting costs
provided by Mobility Pass... our services improve the lives
of employees and their Quality of Life, enabling them to
devote themselves fully to their work.

pursuing pro-active policies to improve delivery of support
to disadvantaged members of society.

Source: Sodexo.

Growth potential

A market estimated
at More than 155 bition euro

in issue volume.
Sodexo estimate.

On our clients’ sites

BRAZIL - IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE FOR GRUPO
E-OURO EMPLOYEES

Grupo E-OURO, with 150 distributors in 13 Brazilian
states, is the official distributor of Grupo Petrdpolis
brewery. Its best known brands are Itaipava beer and
Crystal beer. Premium line brands include Petra, Black
Princess and TNT energy drink.

e Our client’s needs

To support its quest to become Brazil's market
leader, beverage distributor Grupo E-OURO sought
to increase engagement and productivity of its
10,000 employees through improved Quality of Life

e Sodexo’s response

Partnering with the client's HR Department, Sodexo
created a customized program combining its Meal,
Food and Gift Pass offers and emphasizing better
health and well-being. The strategy includes
a nutritional program, monthly workshops on
“Conversations on Well Being” and a recognition
program for employees. To promote Quality of Life
internally, the HR Department is using a Sodexo study
on “Valuing people to create value”

58 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 58 ---

e Results

The positive response is reflected in high participation
employee levels in the offer. For example,
150 employees diagnosed as overweight or as being
predisposed to diabetes or hypertension are enrolled
in a support program led by Sodexo dietitians

Focus on...

MEXICO: SODEXO REINFORCES EMERGING MARKET
LEADERSHIP

Sodexo continued to extend its presence in emerging
economies with the acquisition of Servi-Bonos, a leading
provider of food and meal vouchers and cards in Mexico.
Serving 5,000 clients through its nationwide network,
Servi-Bonos generated issue volume of 300 million euro
in 2011

The acquisition reinforces Sodexo’s position as the Quality
of Life services leader and its Benefits and Rewards
Services expertise in the fast-growing Mexican market.

Highlights

FRANCE - A GIFT CARD WITH SPIRIT

The new Spirit of Cadeau gift card launched in France
enables retail customers to choose from a large scope of
products, services or activities around specialized themes.
Possible Sports Card uses include equipment purchases
and club memberships while the Home Card can be
used in multiple ways for decorating and making home
improvements. For those interested in fashion, beauty
products and accessories, there is Style Card for men and
Trend Card for women. Providing freedom of choice and
gift personalization based on the beneficiary's interests is
one of the strengths of the cards, accepted by more than
40 partners at over 1,000 stores.

INTERNATIONAL
e e-business sites launched

In just three clicks, new web sites in Belgium, Brazil,
Chile, France, Luxembourg and the Czech Republic
provide visitors with full information on Benefits
and Rewards Services’ offers. New sites are being
deployed soon in Turkey, Tunisia and Venezuela, part
of a rollout to all countries.

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

Our Quality of Life Services

e Innovation: “my lunch spot” app

In several countries, employees can easily locate nearby
affiliates where they can use their employer-provided
benefits using a smart phone application created by
Sodexo. In France, for example, the “Déj@cété” app
helps pinpoint the nearest affiliated restaurant and a
recommended itinerary. Similar apps are available in
China, India, Italy and Spain

ITALY - HEALTHY INNOVATION

Working with client HR managers to respond to
expectations regarding benefits for their employees,
Sodexo has developed an innovative and convenient new
service, the Health Pass. Italian companies can provide
the card for use by employees and their families in a
network of medical centers to access a range of services,
such as dental care and medical check-ups. The card also
can be used in combination with required health insurance
coverage

Key contract wins

BRAZIL - MAJOR CONTRACT WINS

e Sodexo Food and Meal Pass offers benefit approximately
23,000 employees and professors at the University of
Sdo Paulo, Brazil's largest public university

e The public company, COPEL, responsible for
generating, transmitting and distribution of electric
power in the state of Parana, provides Sodexo's Food
Pass and Meal Pass for its 9,500 employees

CHINA - OPTIMIZING MANAGEMENT OF EMPLOYEE
MEALTIMES

Through Meal Pass, Sodexo is now ensuring the efficient
management of workday meals for employees of
Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd and
its subsidiaries. Sodexo's offer helps the client optimize
management of employee mealtimes while also helping
to improve administrative processes and reduce costs.

CZECH REPUBLIC - YOUR CHOICE

Sodexo's employee benefits platform enables bank client
CSOB to manage its benefits program efficiently for its
8,000 employees. From employees’ point of view, the
platform provides a wide choice of employee benefits,
including for health, culture, sport, education and holidays,
available through 500 affiliates on-line and at a total of
11,000 affiliates that accept Sodexo Pass vouchers.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 59


--- Page 59 ---

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

FRANCE - COMMUNITY-WIDE BENEFITS

In providing restaurant vouchers for 8,000 employees
of the city of Lyons, Sodexo relies on local businesses
in helping to provide jobs for people with disabilities
in partnership with employment agency ESAT, which
also assists Sodexo On-site Services. This new contract
reinforces Sodexo’s commitment to offer services tailored
to support the policies of local authorities

Among our clients...

BANKS - INSURANCE - CORPORATE SERVICES
Adecco, France, Germany, Mexico, Spain, Tunisia

Barclays Bank PLC, India

BNP Paribas Group, Czech Republic, France, Germany,
Mexico, Spain, Tunisia, Turkey

HSBC Group, Mexico, Spain, Turkey
ING Belgium
KPMG, Belgium

PricewaterhouseCoopers, France, Germany, Hungary,
Luxembourg, Mexico, Slovakia

IT - ELECTRONICS

Hewlett-Packard, Brazil, Philippines, Tunisia, Vietnam
Microsoft, Czech Republic, Philippines

Samsung Electronics, Brazil, Romania, Spain, Tunisia

SAP, Brazil, Germany, Luxembourg, Spain

CONSUMER GOODS
UOréal, India, Romania, Turkey

Nestlé, Czech Republic, Philippines, Venezuela
PepsiCo, Philippines, Romania, Slovakia

TV Globo, Brazil

Unilever, Hungary, Philippines, Spain, Tunisia
INDUSTRY - ENERGY

Eli Lilly, Czech Republic, India, Mexico
General Motors do Brazil, Brazil

Michelin, Hungary, Mexico, Romania, Tunisia, Turkey,
United Kingdom

Pfizer, Spain, Tunisia, Turkey

Schneider Electric, France, Germany, India, Spain,
Vietnam

Siemens, France, Philippines, Romania, Tunisia, Turkey
Tata Steel Processing & Distribution Limited, India

Toyota Motors, Philippines, Spain, United Kingdom

NATIONAL PUBLIC SERVICES

Bulgarian Post, China Postal Express & Logistics Co. Ltd,
Shanghai Post Co. (China), National Railways (Hungary),
Steel Authority of India Limited (India), National roads of
Romania, Ministry of Defence (United Kingdom), Tunisair
(Tunisia), Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries (Uruguay),
Executive Direction of Magistracy (Venezuela), Ministry of
Popular Power of Health (Venezuela).

60 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 60 ---

INCENTIVE AND RECOGNITION PROGRAMS

KEY FIGURE

A? million beneficiaries

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

ENHANCING ORGANIZATIONAL PERFORMANCE
THROUGH QUALITY OF LIFE

Sodexo’s customized incentive programs provide
companies with the tools to unite and motivate
employees around common objectives and to reward
their efforts. Clients can easily and efficiently manage
programs to increase sales, manage a partner network
or promote good safety practices in a factory.

Through its wide range of options, through its online
platform and Gift Pass, Sodexo helps in motivating teams,
recognizing and rewarding commitment, helping clients
to achieve their goals and improve their performance.

Highlight

INTERNATIONAL - WEB PLATFORM FOR INCENTIVE
PROGRAMS

Management of clients’ multi-country incentive and
recognition programs are now being delivered through the
Sodexo developed Web Motivation Center. The platform
offers an international catalogue and enables clients to
create and manage Incentive and Recognition campaigns,
distributing points and rewards and communicating
about the campaigns with their beneficiaries. The online
platform also serves as an expert resource supporting
Sodexo country teams in implementing their local offers

On our clients’ sites
INDIA - REINFORCING ALCATEL-LUCENT EMPLOYEE
ENGAGEMENT

Alcatel-Lucent, a leader in mobile, fixed, IP and Optics
technologies, and a pioneer in applications and services,
is the single largest supplier of digital switching in India
with over 50% of market share.

* Customers first, Innovation, Teamwork, Respect, Accountability

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES /

Our Quality of Life Services

e Our client’s needs
To encourage, reinforce and promote behavior
supporting Alcatel Lucent values* the Company
wanted to put in place a recognition program for
individuals and teams, with multiple levels of reward
based on significance of contribution

e Sodexo’s response
To help its client achieve its objectives, Sodexo provided
an online rewards catalogue, providing emplouees with
reward points, which offers them the freedom of choice
to choose their own gift. In addition, employees have
a clear picture of their performance and can track
their reward redemptions via the Sodexo-provided
technology platform. They also receive regular
communications about the program and a call center
is available to respond to their inquiries

e Results

After the first 18 months, employees had a positive
response, appreciating in particular the program's
flexibility and responsiveness. In addition to the
boost to employee motivation, the client appreciated
the improved efficiency made possible by Sodexo’s
program.

Key contract win

BELGIUM - HELPING AN AUTOMOTIVE COMPANY
REINFORCE DEALER LOYALTY

Sodexo designed and rapidly deployed a web platform
with an online gift catalogue for an automotive client,
enabling the Company to strengthen connections with
its more than 170 tire dealers and reward their loyalty
The platform, which facilitates goal setting, updating of
results and use of earned points to buy gifts, is already
having a positive impact on dealer loyalty.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 61


--- Page 61 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

Among our clients...
BANKS ~ INSURANCE ~ CORPORATE SERVICES

Adecco, Mexico, Tunisia

HSBC Group, Argentina, Mexico
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Luxembourg
IT - ELECTRONICS

Hewlett-Packard, Tunisia

SAP, Philippines

CONSUMER GOODS

Henkel Adhesive Technologies, India

UOréal, Philippines, Romania, Tunisia

PUBLIC BENEFITS

KEY FIGURE

1 9 million beneficiaries

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE THROUGH OPTIMIZED
SOCIAL WELFARE PROGRAMS

Through its Public Benefits programs, Sodexo provides
access to basic services, culture or residential support
services for millions of people worldwide.

Sodexo designs simple, transparent and effective
responses to facilitate the work of government, optimize
budget resources and help clients achieve their social
policy, cultural or educational objectives. In promoting
the development of the local economy, Sodexo also
contributes to the creation of enduring employment.

Examples include Culture Pass, which offers students
access to sports and cultural activities, Education Pass,

Nestlé, Hungary, Philippines, Tunisia
PepsiCo, Philippines, Romania, Slovakia

Thomas Cook, India

INDUSTRY - ENERGY
Eli Lilly, India, Mexico

Michelin, India, Tunisia

Renault Nissan Technology & Business Centre India
Put. Ltd, India

Schneider Electric, India
Siemens, France, Philippines, Tunisia

Toyota Motors, Philippines

helping families to provide learning support for their young
children and CESU Pass, offering assistance to seniors or
to individuals with disabilities in their homes

Highlight
CHILE - INNOVATION: DIAL-A-LUNCH

Low income university students without access to
their meal cards no longer risk losing out on their daily
allocated lunch benefit thanks to a mobile phone-based
payment system created by Sodexo. Using a secure
account, students can access their accounts with a mobile
phone, an innovation that helps the client, JUNAEB
(National department of education and scholarships),
ensure a secure, reliable means of delivering the benefit
to 200,000 income-eligible students.

62 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 62 ---

Key contract wins

ARGENTINA - SOCIAL PASS

The provincial government of Chaco renewed its
confidence in Sodexo’s customized program to deliver
social benefits in the remote, economically disadvantaged
region. Accepted by retailers throughout the province,
Sodexo's Social Pass card helps ensure that nutritional and
other basic needs are met for the 90,000 beneficiaries.

SPAIN - STUDY ABROAD SCHOLARSHIPS
FOR STUDENTS

Sodexo’s innovative new system, featuring cards and
on-line applications, helped the Community of Madrid

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

effectively manage its 2012 study abroad scholarship
program. Each scholarship recipient was provided with a
personalized card with available credit of up to 1,600 euro,
to be used for language training abroad at any of the
Community-approved language study centers

Among our clients...

PUBLIC AUTHORITIES
JUNAEB (Junta Nacional de Auxilio Escolar y Becas), Chile

Ministry of Social, Development of Chaco (Argentina)

United Kingdom Borders Agency (United Kingdom)

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 63


--- Page 63 ---

/ OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

2.3.3 OUR PERSONAL AND HOME SERVICES

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE FOR ALL AGES
Four types of services:

e Childcare

Sodexo designs, builds and manages childcare centers
for local authorities and companies, providing attentive
care and education and helping parents balance family
and work life.

e Tutoring and adult education

Sodexo offers in-home and online tutoring services for
a vast array of subjects, helping students of all ages
develop knowledge and skills and to gain confidence.
e Concierge services
Circles, a Sodexo subsidiary, helps to increase
employee loyalty toward its clients by taking on the
private to-do lists of their customers and employees —
from restaurant reservations and ticketing to in-home
services, vacations and dry cleaning
e In-home senior care

In-home senior care services enable seniors to remain
independent and happy at home. Our non-medical
services include companionship, housekeeping,
transportation, meal preparation, phone assistance
and more.

Market trends

Personal and Home Services responds to four demographic
and social megatrends affecting society and companies
an aging society, shortage of skilled labor, women in the
work force and work-life balance

CHILDCARE: DEMAND EXCEEDS SUPPLY

In developed countries, parents are facing a scarcity of
affordable childcare solutions, leading many governments
to adopt policies promoting development of childcare
facilities, and companies to seek “turnkey” solutions to
help enhance employee loyalty

ACADEMIC SUCCESS: A MAJOR CONCERN
FOR PARENTS
For parents eager to ensure their children’s success

at school but lacking the time and skills for tutoring,
outsourcing the task to professionals is an ideal solution

A BETTER WORK-LIFE BALANCE

Facing increasingly challenging time constraints, people
are juggling between work and personal life. Companies
that provide support for achieving an improved work-life
balance benefit from happier, more productive employees,
which also translates into increased engagement and
loyalty.

HOME SWEET HOME

As the population ages, the need for in-home assistance
for dependent persons will continue to rise, particularly
given that seniors prefer to remain in their home for
as long as possible. To control public spending, some
governments are promoting homecare solutions and
technologies that enable autonomy.

Source: Sodexo.

On our clients’ sites

FRANCE’S FIRST HOSPITAL CONCIERGE SERVICES

AT GUSTAVE-ROUSSY CANCER INSTITUTE

Institut Gustave-Roussy is one of Europe's leading cancer
treatment and research facilities. Its 2,500-member staff
focuses on cancer patient care, research and application
of new therapies and knowledge sharing with the
international medical and scientific community

e Our client’s needs

Institut Gustave-Roussy asked Sodexo's Circles
subsidiary to implement an array of concierge services
to improve Quality of Life for its medical staff.

e Sodexo’s response

To support a better work-life balance for staff during
workdays that often include long hours and night
shifts, Circles offers an array of services including dry
cleaning, shoe repair and fresh produce delivery, and
also manages an onsite boutique with postal services
and other amenities.

e Results

Initial reaction from patients and staff members has
been very positive, with an increasing number of
requests for Circles’ concierge services

64. Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 64 ---

Focus on...

THE “GREEN” CONCIERGE

Sodexo subsidiary Circles, France's leader in concierge
services, is providing an array of concierge services for
French utility Electricité de France’s (EDF) 700 employees
at its Lyons, France site under a five-year contract. The
site is piloting EDF's offer of environmentally friendly,
Quality of Life services to employees.

Operating in accordance with the site’s sustainability
charter and the client’s “green” strategy, Circles gives
preference in its purchases to local suppliers and provides
recycling for mobile phone batteries, small electrical
appliances and single-use clothes hangers.

Highlights

BELGIUM - HOSPITAL CONCIERGE SERVICES DEBUT

Circles, a Sodexo subsidiary, celebrated its first hospital
concierge launch at the Grand H6épital de Charleroi
(GHdC). Situated within the largest site of the hospital
Group, Circle’s concierge services are complimented
by a reception and boutique managed by Sodexo. The
concierge services will soon be available to 4,500 staff
across GHdC’s 5 sites, as well as to patients and visitors

Dry cleaning, alterations, shoe repair, reservations,
tickets, administrative tasks, florist services, organic
fruit delivery - everyone can benefit from a wide range of
services that are easily accessible directly at the concierge
desk as well as by phone or internet. Given the tremendous
response since the launch, Circles’ hospital concierge
services have already proven to be a grand success.

UNITED STATES - COMFORT KEEPERS WINS
RECOGNITION

For the second year in a row, the Sodexo subsidiary
Comfort Keepers, specializing in in-home senior
care services, received the “World-Class Franchise”
certification from the Franchise Research Institute, a
recognition based on feedback from franchisees.

Key contract wins

FRANCE - DYNAMIC GROWTH OF CONCIERGE
SERVICES

Sodexo subsidiary Circles is now delivering customized
services to several leading companies operating in
France, including Sanofi, PSA Peugeot-Citroén, Thales,
Bic, Oracle, Shell and Biogaran. |n addition, Circles
extended its offering with UOréal to include services at
its international headquarters on the rue Royale in Paris

LUXEMBOURG ~ EUROPEAN INVESTMENT BANK (EIB)
CHILDCARE CENTER

A multicultural bank, the EIB needed an operator that
could offer tri-lingual childcare (French, English, German)
and service a capacity of 100 children between the

OUR GROUP AND OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

Our Quality of Life Services

ages of 10 weeks and three years old. Together with its
subsidiary Creche Attitude, Sodexo was able to leverage
its international dimension and 30 years of experience as
a service provider to the EIB to respond effectively to the
client’s needs and multicultural criteria

UNITED STATES - CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL SERVICES

Sodexo provides concierge services for patients and staff
under a four-year contract at the Nemours/Alfred |.
duPont Hospital for Children. The complimentary service,
including meal delivery and errand running, is designed
to optimize the health care experience for patients and
their families. The wide array of available services, such
as home services/repair referrals and product research and
comparison, also save staff members time and money,
contributing to an improved work-life balance

Among our clients...

Altran, Belgium

Baker & McKenzie, Sweden

Bic, France

Biogaran, France

Biogen Idec, United States

Boston Red Sox, United States
Coca-Cola, United States

EDF, France

European Investment Bank (EIB), Luxembourg
Grand H6pital de Charleroi, Belgium
Institut Gustave Roussy, France
Kraft Foods, Sweden

UOréal, France

Microsoft, France, United States
NCC, Sweden

Nemours/Alfred |. duPont Hosiptal for Children, United
States

Oracle, France

Procter & Gamble, United States
PSA, France

Saab, Sweden

Sanofi-Pasteur, France

Shell, France

St. Jude Medical Inc., United States

Thales, France

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

65


--- Page 65 ---

Mite

"; be



--- Page 66 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL
AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

THE BETTER TOMORROW PLAN 69 3.3. WE ENGAGE 91
3.3.1 Employees 91
3.3.2 Client: 91
3.1 WEARE 69 vents
3.3.3. Consumers 92
Our mission, our values 7
and our ethical principles 69 3.3.4 Suppliers 92
3.3.5 Institutions 93
3.3.6 Ratings and indexes for Sodexo 93
3.2 WEDO 70
3.2.1 Our commitments as an employer 70

3.2.2 Our commitments to nutrition,
health and wellness 85

3.2.3. Our commitments tolocalcommunities 86

3.2.4 Our commitments to protect
the environment 87

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 67


--- Page 67 ---

ND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Corporate and social commitments have always been
central to Sodexo's fundamental principles. Today, those
fundamentals are the cornerstone of its development
as a socially responsible company and its economic
performance.

True to its mission, Sodexo improves the Quality of
daily Life and contributes to the economic, social and
environmental development of the cities, regions and
countries where it operates.

In 2009, Sodexo unveiled its roadmap, the “Better
Tomorrow Plan’ aimed at enhancing its economic, social
and environmental performance and evaluating the
impact of its actions across 80 countries and more than
34,300 sites. The Better Tomorrow Plan is a strategy of
continuous progress.

The Better Tomorrow Plan comprises three core pillars:

e Weare: the fundamentals that serve as the cornerstone
of our development;

e We do: four priorities with our commitments to action;
* our commitments as an employer,

* our commitments to better nutrition, health and
wellness,

 ourcommitments to support our host communities,
* our commitments to protect the environment;

e We engage: in dialogue and joint actions with our
stakeholders.

68 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 68 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We are

The Better Tomorrow Plan

3.1 Weare

OUR MISSION, OUR VALUES AND OUR ETHICAL PRINCIPLES

Sodexo is driven by a philosophy and shared values which
today still unite its 420,000 employees worldwide

Sodexo’s employees are key to its growth, past, present
and future. This growth needs to have meaning, which is
why, upon the creation of Sodexo in 1966, Pierre Bellon,
founder of the Group defined:

© amission;

e values;

e ethical principles.

OUR MISSION

Our mission is two fold

e improve the Quality of daily Life of our employees
and all whom we serve;

e contribute to the economic, social and
environmental development of the communities,
regions and countries in which we operate.

OUR VALUES
The values shared by Sodexo’s 420,000 emplouees are:

e Service Spirit;
e Team Spirit;
e Spirit of Progress.

OUR ETHICAL PRINCIPLES

e Joyalty;

e respect for people and equal opportunity;
© transparency;

© business integrity.

Our mission, our values and our ethical principles allow
for a common vision and a sense of initiative, for the work
of each of us

Today, 46 years after Sodexo’s creation, they are
the foundation of our commitment, uniting us and
serving as a common bond for our teams throughout
the world.

This is what sets us apart from our competitors.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 69


--- Page 69 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

3.2 Wedo

We do: our four priorities and commitments to action

© our commitments as an employer;

® our commitments for better Nutrition, Health and
Wellness;

e our commitments to our host communities;
e® our commitments to protect the environment

3.2.1 OUR COMMITMENTS AS AN EMPLOYER

Sodexo is first and foremost a people company
With 420,000 employees, we are the 20th employer
worldwide*. Our success is built on a unique economic
and social model: our ability to contribute to client and
consumer satisfaction is primarily due to our employees’
professionalism and engagement.

As an employer, Sodexo is committed to providing
employees with the means to grow and develop
throughout their career and to foster diversity and
inclusion. Sodexo fully respects its employees’
fundamental rights and is committed to ensuring their
safety.

Sodexo has set ambitious human resources objectives in
order to ensure its growth:

e have the Human Resources available, in terms of
both quantity and quality, and with the requisite
skills, to satisfy the demands of all its clients, and to
offer innovative solutions for their needs;

Investing in employee training and development at
all levels is therefore a priority. Examples include:

e training for employees leading to recognized
qualifications;

e orientation programs for future site managers;

e advanced training programs for managers,
including an e-learning platform;

© promote access to jobs and equal opportunities;

e be one of the world’s most appreciated employers
by its employees.

* Source: Fortune 500 - July 23rd 2012.

3.2.1.1 DEVELOPMENT
OF OUR EMPLOYEES

People have always been central to Sodexo’s fundamentals.
Today, those fundamentals are the cornerstone of its
development as a socially responsible company. As with
improving the Quality of Life for its clients and consumers,
Sodexo firmly believes that, as an employer, improving
the Quality of Life for employees in the workplace is the
surest way to secure their lasting engagement, thereby
satisfying all of its stakeholders and driving efficiency
for the Group. Sodexo’s 420,000 employees have the
same passion for service for the greatest satisfaction
of clients and consumers.

For Sodexo, the development of our people means

e offering a fulfilling work environment;

e providing continuous training and professional
development throughout their career;

e offering opportunities for internal promotion;

e ensuring constructive labor relations.

Our Employee Value Proposition, “Your future, so
Sodexo” ensures the quality and consistency of their
career experience for all Sodexo employees, focused on
the five key moments of professional life: Recruiting,
Welcoming, Living, Growing and Rewarding.

70 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 70 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

A fulfilling work environment

A work environment and jobs that are fulfilling are the
basis for ensuring the continuous engagement of our
employees.

This means that Sodexo works to ensure a stable, healthy
and positive work environment with employees united
around strong fundamentals and our shared values —
Service Spirit, Team Spirit and Spirit of Progress - and
guided by the Company's ethical principles.

It also means providing employees with assistance
in their everyday lives, both within and outside the
workplace, thereby helping them to remain fully dedicated
to serving our clients and consumers.

KEY FIGURE

We do

Providing continuous training

and professional development

Employee training and development is one of the
cornerstones of the Group’s Human Resources strategy
Sodexo maintained its investments in training in
Fiscal 2012.

Number of employees who have undergone
training*

279,694 47,575 327,269

* Excluding on-site training.

15,875 additional employees received training as
compared to the prior year.

Percentage of employees who have undergone
training* compared to average workforce
in each grade

75.2% 95.3% 77.5%

* Excluding on-site training.

Number of training hours

The total number of training hours for all Group employees
was 5,407,094 hours, which is 12% higher than for
Fiscal 2011.

In providing opportunities to all employees to learn new
skills and strengthen their expertise to change professions
or move internationally, Sodexo ensures that a team of
talented, committed professionals is available to clients
and consumers, understanding and responding effectively
to their needs

All employees whatever their position and function,
benefit from effective training throughout their career.

Throughout the world, Sodexo Academies offer
Group employees an impressive array of training and
development opportunities offered by Sodexo Academies.
For example, in the U.S., 113,000 emplouees participated
in 400 different training courses during Fiscal 2012

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 71


--- Page 71 ---

ND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPO!

Training and development programs have been
organized to respond to employees’ specific needs and
expectations, including academies for the Defense and
Healthcare segments, for facilities management as well
as an orientation and development program for senior
executives

KEY FIGUR

Offering opportunities for internal
promotion

Providing opportunities for internal advancement is at
the heart of Sodexo’s emplouee value proposition... and
one of the secrets of our success.

Our constant growth, the range of our activities and
diversity of professions enable us to support our
employees who want to progress in the organization,
whatever their level or function.

During Fiscal 2012, 2,250 front-line staff were promoted
to site manager and 488 site managers and other non-
site staff were promoted to non-site managerial positions,
for a total of 2,738 internal promotions to a manager
grade by promotion from one grade to another. These
figures do not include internal promotions within the
same grade.

BILITY

Internal promotion/
(internal promotion
and recruitment)

26% 27%

In Fiscal 2012, Sodexo continued to deploy Ingenium,
which helps Sodexo’s Human Resources teams manage
the annual performance review process, talent and
succession planning and the creation of personal
development plans. The program is also used to manage
international postings and global succession planning,
providing a global view of talent, enabling consistent
talent management and ensuring a quality and calibrated
global standard throughout the world. Since 2010,
25,000 managers have participated in the program, with
an objective to reach 45,000 employees in 2015.

KEY FIGURE

Ensuring constructive labor relations

Since our creation, Sodexo has always maintained a
strong social dialogue with our employees and their
representatives in the countries where we operate. Such
dialogue:

e corresponds with our core values;

contributes to the long term economic and social
development of our Company;

supports our growth and contributes to the
attainment of our strategic objectives.

Sodexo is committed to respecting the right of employees
to join the trade union of their choice, or not, as they
may so choose and to bargain collectively, free from any
form of pressure, as defined by the International Labour
Organization (ILO).

72 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 72 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Group - International Framework Agreement

In December 2011, Sodexo became the first company
in its industry to sign an International Framework
Agreement with the International Union of Food
Workers (IUF).

This innovative partnership will serve as a forum to
advance social dialogue and promote the labor
rights of Sodexo employees around the world.

Through an Annual Meeting and ad hoc visits to Sodexo
operational sites, Sodexo and the IUF will continuously
improve respect for fundamental labor principles,
including freedom of association and collective
bargaining.

Maintaining social dialogue with trade unions worldwide
is a major concern for Sodexo. For instance, Sodexo
meets annually with the European Works Council, which
includes employee representatives from 22 countries,
and quarterly with the Council's Executive Committee to
discuss topics of common interest.

3.2.1.2 HUMAN RIGHTS

As a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact,
Sodexo is committed to respecting the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour
Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles
and Rights at Work. Sodexo further acknowledges and
respects the ILO Tripartite Declaration of Principles
concerning Multinational Enterprises and Social Policy,
as well as the employment and industrial relations chapter
of the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.

Sodexo recognizes that companies have a responsibility
to respect human rights as outlined in the United
Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human
Rights. Sodexo’s respect for human rights dates from the
company’s founding in 1966. Sodexo’s mission, values
and ethical principles form the basis for all that we do,
and how we interact with all stakeholders.

Sodexo published the Group Human Rights Policy in 2009,
which is now available in sixteen languages on Sodexo
websites around the world

We do

As a global employer, Sodexo respects employee
rights, as defined through the key principles of the
International Labour Organization:

e freedom of association and effective recognition of the
right to collective bargaining;

e elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor;
e effective abolition of child labor;

e elimination of discrimination with respect to hiring
and employment.

Consistent with these principles, Sodexo has adopted
a Fundamental Rights at Work Charter, which is
supported by:

e deployment of a self-assessment questionnaire to
evaluate country level policies and practices concerning
employee rights, with action plans developed to
respond to the issues identified;

e creation and distribution of a Guide to Fundamental
Rights at Work to help in the development of action
plans;

e creation of an e-learning tool for managers, to raise
their awareness about Fundamental Rights at Work;

e introduction of a “Fundamental Rights at Work”
assessment in the internal audit function;

e incorporation of Fundamental Rights at Work within
Sodexo's Supplier Code of Conduct.

3.2.1.3 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

For Sodexo, diversity and inclusion is a business
imperative that ensures our ability to attract, develop and
retain the best talent and create an inclusive workplace
where employees can thrive and deliver the services that
improve Quality of Life for our clients and consumers.

Sodexo has identified diversity and inclusion as a
strategic priority and set five key areas of focus:

e gender: Expand the representation, engagement and
development of women in leadership and operational
positions;

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 73


--- Page 73 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILIT

We do

e generations: Build awareness and identify new
opportunities to increase generational representation
and a culture of effective working relationships across
generations;

© ethnic minorities: Strive to have our workforce reflect
the diversity of our consumers and clients;

e people with disabilities: Recruit, engage, develop and
provide accommodations for employees with special
needs;

e respect for sexual orientation and gender identity:
Foster an inclusive environment in which Lesbian, Gay,
Bisexual and Transgender employees can “bring their
whole selves to work”

Four key drivers support achievement of these areas of

focus: supporting and strengthening the commitment

of leaders; increasing recruitment, development,

engagement and retention of top talent; fostering a

culture of diversity and inclusion developed at all levels

and in all functions; and making diversity and inclusion a

competitive advantage.

KEY FIGURE

Diversity and inclusion is an essential element of our long-
term strategy that will enable the future success of the
organization. For the past five years, Sodexo’s progress

has been measured through a scorecard that tracks both 3.2.1.4 HEALTH AND SAFETY

quantitative and qualitative accountability to ensure we
are sourcing, developing and retaining a diverse and highly
skilled workforce.

Health and Safety is an integral part of Sodexo's mission
to improve Quality of daily Life. Sodexo is committed to
achieving a global health and safety culture and world
class health and safety performance. We believe that
integrating health and safety into everything we do will
minimize risk to employees and consumers.

Food Safety

Our global Food Safety and Hygiene Policy defines a
management framework for food safety consistent with
ISO 22000 (food safety) that incorporates good hygiene
practices and generic HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical
Control Points) controls. Requirements of the system
include health monitoring, hygiene, management of
food suppliers, training, food safety audits, food service
facilities and equipment, food safety, inventory control
and verification of use-by dates and temperature.

All Sodexo food service operations are required to
implement the Food safety & Hygiene Policy. Our progress
is tracked using Key Performance Indicators in the
following areas; Food Supplier authorization, Food Safety
Training, Food Safety Audits and Food Safety incident
tracking.

TA Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 74 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Occupational Health and Safety

Our global health and safety management system,
based on the OHSAS 18001 framework (occupational
health and safety), has been launched in UK, Australia,
the U.S. and France. Work is ongoing to harmonize existing
processes, systems and standards to enable a common
management system approach globally. Implementation
is the responsibility of each business unit leader, who
defines and puts in place country-specific health and
safety policies and supporting procedures consistent with
the Group health and safety policy, Group standards and
local laws and regulations

Our progress is tracked using Key Performance Indicators
including deployment status, occupational health & safety
legal and regulatory training and site audits

All business activities have processes to identify
and manage work-related risks with an objective to
continuously improve occupational risk prevention
methods. All business operations are required to update
their major risk assessments for workplace health and
safety annually, followed by consolidation at the Group
level

In the interest of continuous improvement, it is important
for Sodexo to have sites and operational activities which
have received certifications such as OHSAS 18001
(occupational health and safety), ISO 9001 (quality
management), ISO 14001 (environmental management)
and ISO 22000 (food safety), granted by independent
external auditors

WORK-RELATED ACCIDENTS

Number of work-related accidents by grade

Employees Management Total

7,247 388 7,635

We do

Percentage of work-related accidents relative
to average workforce
(number of accidents/average workforce)

Employees Management Total

1.95% 0.78% 1.81%

Despite a sharp increase in the workforce, the number of
work-related accidents remained stable between 2011
and 2012, thanks to a constantly evolving Health and
Safety policy.

3.2.1.5 EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

Employees’ engagement and Quality of Life are a
strategic challenge for Sodexo, in pursuit of its ambition
to become one of the world’s most appreciated employers
by its employees

In May 2012, Sodexo conducted its fourth worldwide
Engagement Survey in 60 countries (such countries
cover more than 98% of the Group's employees). This
survey measures employees’ engagement, identifies
what motivates them, and allows for action plans to be
developed

The 70% response rate was 14 percentage points better
than in Fiscal 2010.

The Groupwide engagement score of 57%‘ was 9
percentage points better than for the Fiscal 2008 survey
and 2 percentage points better than for the Fiscal 2010
survey.

The next survey will be conducted in Fiscal 2014.

KEY FIGURE

85 % of employees rate Sodexo a
better employer than its competitors.

Source: 2012 Engagement Survey, on a representative
sample of 130,000 employees.

(1) Percentage of employees responding to the six questions relating to engagement with an average score equal to or greater than 4.5,

on a rising scale of 7 to 6.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 75

3


--- Page 75 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

76

We do

3.2.1.6 HUMAN RESOURCES DATA”

Worldwide
GROUP WORKFORCE AS OF THE END OF FISCAL 2012

Employees

371,180

Management Total

50,211 421,391

Employees: 371,180

WORKFORCE BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION (AS OF THE END OF THE FISCAL YEAR)

Geographic region

North America
Continental Europe
United Kingdom & Ireland
Rest of the World

TOTAL

208,359 162,821
Management: 50,211
20,527 29,684
0% 20% 409% 60% 80% 100%
@ Women Men
2010-2011 2009-2010
123,698 124,919 122,425
103,558 102,166 104,609
38,035 34,918 33,507
156,100 129,145 118,596
421,391 391,148 379,137

The Group’s workforce expanded significantly in
Fiscal 2012, particularly in the emerging markets. The
acquisition of Puras do Brasil at the beginning of the
year increased the workforce in Brazil by 20,000. An
increase in workforce was also observed in France with
the acquisition of Lendtre at the beginning of the year, and

in the United Kingdom with the Sodexo teams dedicated
to the organizing of the Olympic Games of London 2012

For the Group as a whole we see a growth in total workforce
of around 8% (of which 3% is organic growth)

WORKFORCE BY ACTIVITY AND CLIENT SEGMENT (AS OF THE END OF THE FISCAL YEAR)

On-site Services 97%
¢ Corporate 40%
e Defense 4%
e Justice Services 1%
e Remote Sites 10%
e Sports and Leisure 3%
¢ Health Care 14%
e Seniors 3%
e Education 22%
Benefits and Rewards Services (previously Motivation Solutions) 1%
Personal and Home Services 0.5%
Group Headquarters and shared structures 1.5%

(1) Scope = 100% of Group workforce as of the end of Fiscal 2072 (as of August 31, 2012 in France and July 31, 2012 elsewhere).

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 76 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

WORKFORCE BY GENDER (AS OF THE END OF THE FISCAL YEAR)

2011-2012 2010-2011

Management Een Management Employees All personnel
Women 20,527 208,359 228,886 19,272 190,167 209,439
Men 29,684 162,821 192,505 28,386 153,323 181,709
TOTAL 50,211 371,180 421,391 47,658 343,490 391,148

The proportion of men and women for the entire Sodexo
population is close to parity in Fiscal 2012, with men
representing 46% and women 54%

The employee retention rate is down 1.9 percentage
points from last year, mainly due to the sharp increase
in workforce in countries with a high emplouvee turnover
(mainly India, China and Brazil). It is worth noting that
the employee retention rate for site managers is 1.1
percentage points higher than for Fiscal 2011.

It should be noted that the proportion of women in senior
management is 3 percentage points higher than for
Fiscal 2011, thus reaching 23.1%. The Group's objective

is to reach 25% by 2015
In France

RECRUITMENT BY GRADE Data on employment aspects of all Sodexo operations

in France, i.e., On-site Services, Benefits and Rewards
Services, Personal and Home Services, the parent
company, and the Group’s management companies, are
presented below.

Recruitments on permanent contracts

Employees Management Total

143,359 7,584 150,943

WORKFORCE

As of August 31, 2012, Sodexo employed a total of
38,306 people in France

Percentage of recruits on permanent contracts
as a percentage of average workforce

5%

Employees Management Total

38.5% 15.2% 35.8%

3.5%
Us 2%

The number and percentage include replacements of
employees leaving the Group, but do not include staff
taken over and acquisitions. The percentage of recruits is
down 5 percentage points from last year, due to a sharp
increase in the workforce relating to acquisitions including
Puras do Brasil, Lendtre and Roth Bros.

79.5%

EMPLOYEE RETENTION RATE @ Non-site managers 5%

The employee retention rate is one of the Group’s key
performance indicators. For the current fiscal year, the
retention rate for all employees was 60% and the rate
for site managers was 84.7%.

@ Other non-site staff 3.5%
@ Site managers 12%
@ Front-line staff 79.5%

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 a


--- Page 77 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

Workforce by gender

Women represent 54% of total employees, 59% of
front-line staff, 22% of site managers, 72% of non-site

employees, and 41% of non-site managers.

Front-line staff
17,872

Site managers
I 988 3,531

12,587

Other non-site staff
BP (1,017 390

Non-site managers
I 779 1,142

O 5,000 10,000 15,000 20,000 25,000 30,000 35,000

@ Women Men

36
23
30

D> 683
’
)

6514

om 969
) 204

ry 302

9.263

co Mil 1,838
D> 380

D 681

1319
1,314
395
701

6.624
357
406

| 207 |

yates ©

0 2,000 4,000 6,000 8,000 10,000
Workforce by age group and grade @ Front-line staff
The average age is 40.8. © Site managers
@ Other non-site staff
one’ 60 D 172 @ Non site managers
o® 7,989
60 12,162
wo 9,789
vo 7,594
0 2,000 4,000 6,000 8,000 10,000 12,000
Non-site managers Other non-site staff Site managers Front-line staff Total
Under 30 2.7% 5.4% 4.7% 87.2% 19.8%
30 - 40 7.2% 4.0% 13.4% 75.4% 25.6%
40-50 5.6% 3.1% 15.1% 76.2% 31.7%
50 - 60 3.8% 2.6% 12.1% 81.5% 20.9%
Over 60 3.9% 3.0% 4.6% 88.5% 2.0%

78 > Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 78 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

EMPLOYMENT

5,693 staff were recruited in France on a permanent
contract during Fiscal 2012, comprising 4,270 by direct
recruitment, 675 by conversion of fixed-term contracts
into permanent contracts, and 748 by taking over staff
from other service-providers.

13%

~~

75%

@ Direct recruitments on permanent contract
@ Conversion of fixed-term contract
into permanent contract

@ Staff assumed from other service-providers

As of August 31, 2012, 11.8% of employees were on
fixed-term contracts

During the fiscal year, employment on fixed-term contracts
represented 13.71% of hours worked and temporary work
represented 2.12%. These mainly concerned temporary
replacements and spikes in workload

297,115 hours of overtime were worked in Fiscal 2012,
or 0.5% of hours worked.

14%

2. 84%

@ Number of hours worked on permanent contracts
@ Number of hours worked on temporary contracts
@ Number of hours worked on fixed-term contracts

705 employees had their employment contract terminated
in Fiscal 2012, of which 9 were for economic reasons.

We do

Focus on the Sodexo France subsidiary

Availability of qualified personnel continues to be difficult,
particularly in two job areas: service technicians and cooks.
Different actions have been undertaken to overcome this
difficulty

For more than seven years, Sodexo France has been
maintaining active relations with educational institutions
in order to better promote its range of services and its
areas of business, and to attract recruits. To this end, a
number of actions have been carried out:

e the development of a long-term relationship with the
French Department of Education, by welcoming
teachers in continuous education at our sites (9 in
2012), contributing to modernizing the progress of
study (vocational high-school chefs diploma, in 2012),
working with two French associations of high school
level hotel trade schools(attending conferences on
trends in occupations and training, etc.) and helping
several Academies implement new training classes
resulting from the reform of the vocational high-school
diploma;

e the consolidation of partnerships with more than
30 higher educational institutions (business schools,
engineering schools and universities), through
attendance at 55 events such as education forums
organized by school, presenting Sodexo’s businesses
to classes and conferences, holding round-table
conferences, etc

e a focus on the recruitment of young people through
apprenticeships and internships. More than 500
apprentices were hired during Fiscal 2012, and
close to 120 higher education students completed
their internships at Sodexo France, either at our
headquarters and regional offices, or directly on site

In addition to creating this special relationship with the

French Department of Education, Sodexo has signed a

partnership agreement with the French Department of

Defense with a view to hiring members of the armed forces

wishing to return to civilian life.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 79


--- Page 79 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

A partnership agreement was also signed on January 24,
2012 between Sodexo in France and Péle Emploi, the
French governmental agency which is responsible for
public services concerning unemployment throughout
France. This agreement aims at strengthening already
existing collaborations and harmonizing them at a
national level in order to help Sodexo recruit successfully
and to encourage job-seekers’ professional integration

Further, the range of career opportunities within Sodexo
is not sufficiently known, whether outside the Company
or internally. That is why “job videos” with testimonials
from Sodexo employees were developed, illustrating the
range of management positions in food services, technical
maintenance and Facilities Management services. They
also highlight the wide range of profiles which can access
these positions

Lastly, the accelerated roll-out of our integrated services
strategy has resulted in growing needs in the recruitment
of expert profiles, particularly technical experts

Sodexo France aims at becoming the best emplover in its
areas of business; to this purpose, the Company launched
in June 2012 the “Responsible Employer” approach,
in partnership with Vigeo Enterprise. This approach
consists of promoting equal opportunity, wellness in the
workplace, quality relations with all stakeholders and the
development of human capital

INTERNAL PROMOTION

Internal promotion is a central pillar of Sodexo's Human
Resources policy. In Fiscal 2012, 182 front-line employees
in France were promoted to site manager and 30 site
managers were promoted, for a total of 212 employees
promoted to a supervisory position by a change of grade.
These figures do not include internal promotions within
the same grade.

ORGANIZATION OF WORKING HOURS

The working week is 35 hours (34.87 hours for most
subsidiaries).

For Fiscal 2012, 74% of the workforce worked full time
Part-time work concerned 26% of the workforce.

11% ‘
25%
6.5% ‘

fo

TA%

@ Full-time

@ Part-time annualized (“school year”)

@ Part-time between 25 hours and full-time
@ Part-time less than 25 hours per week

ABSENTEEISM

In France, the average absenteeism rate based on the
number of days absent was 8.4% for the workforce as a
whole. The reasons were as follows

9%

& 53%

8%

@ Work and travel-to-work related accidents
@ Sickness
@ Maternity

@ Other (authorized paid leave,
unpaid leave, etc.)

80 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 80 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

COMPENSATION

The average annual salary for a full-time front-line
employee was 23,408 euro in France, which is 36.8%
higher than the French legal minimum wage.

Pursuant to a law introduced in France on July 28, 2011
(which only pertains to the Group's activities in France)
related to a profit sharing bonus, Sodexo concluded
on April 6, 2012 an agreement with a majority of the
collective bargaining units represented in Sodexo’s entities
in France. This agreement provides for the payment of a
bonus of 90 euro (net of payroll taxes) to all employees
in France (irrespective of compensation level, status
(fixed term or permanent), or seniority, but subject to a
minimum of three months of presence during the period
from September 1, 2011 to August 31, 2012).

Statutory and voluntary employee profit-sharing
(Part IV of Book IV of the French Labor Code)

Profit-sharing agreements exist within Sodexo’s French
subsidiaries. The share of profits allocated to employees
during Fiscal 2012 was 6,118,053 euro

FRENCH PAYROLL TAXES

For Fiscal 2012, French payroll taxes represented 24%
of the compensation of front-line staff. The employer's
contribution was 45%

SOCIAL AND CULTURAL ACTIVITIES

The contribution to the financing of social and cultural
activities promoted by the various Works Councils
represented 0.6% of payroll.

EMPLOYEE RECOGNITION

The annual gala evening reception honored over
320 employees (60% of them women) who have earned
qualifications under our different vocational training
programs, while long-service awards were presented to
employees with 30 years’ seniority

COLLECTIVE AGREEMENTS

In total, 43 collective agreements were signed in
Fiscal 2012, including

e one agreement aimed at integrating and keeping
people with disabilities employed;

We do

e two agreements relating to gender equality;

e two agreements addressing the issue of difficult
working conditions;

® one agreement relating to electronic voting with regard
to the Works Council and staff representative elections
for Sodexo France.

HEALTH AND SAFETY

The frequency rate of work-related accidents in France
was 46.8 in Fiscal 2012, and the severity rate was 1.3

There were 97 meetings of Health, Safety and Working
Conditions Committees during the fiscal year.

As part of general legal obligations for health and safety

e all new recruits receive initial training familiarizing
them with their work area, informing them of the risks
to which they will be exposed, and telling them what
action they should take in the event of an accident;

e as aservice-provider on premises usually belonging to
the client, Sodexo prepares an accident prevention plan
jointly with the client, based on an assessment of the
risks and potential interference between our activities;

e asingle document, the “Work-related Risk Assessment;
is produced, which identifies dangers, analyzes risks
and indicates preventive action to be taken.

The QHSE Department (Health and Safety) relies on the
work of the Health and Safety Unit of Sodexo Group

Three high-profile measures have been implemented this
last fiscal year to improve hygiene and safety conditions
in the workplace:

e work within a commission constituted by various
Sodexo departments and trade union representatives
with the aim of evaluating the level of risk and difficulty
associated with particular working conditions, and the
creation of forms permitting individual assessments
of such levels;

e the circulation of annual prevention programs to
all of the Health, Safety and Working Conditions
Committees;

e creation of a new ad hoc tool to evaluate professional
risk levels, which is easier to use by the workforce.

(1) The French gross legal minimum wage (Smic) in euro for a workweek of 37.87 hours, as of June 29, 2012.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 81


--- Page 81 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

HUMAN RESOURCES TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

Expenditure on training” by all Sodexo businesses in
France totaled 18.5 million euro in Fiscal 2012. This figure
represented 1.96% of total payroll

Front-line staff

46%

Site managers

765%

Other non-site staff

64% 36%
Non-site managers
35% 65%
1 1 1 1 1 1
0% 20% 40% 60% 80% 100%
@ Women Men

The number of training hours totaled 317,958 during
the fiscal year.

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

Sodexo France wishes to share with its employees and
clients the values of diversity and inclusion, which are
crucial to progress and development and central to the
Group’s concerns. In 2011, Sodexo France created a
Council for Diversity and Inclusion. The council consists of
employees from five different levels of management and
representative of the variety of the Company's activities
and businesses. Its mission is:

e@ todetermine Sodexo France's strategic guidelines with
regard to diversity and inclusion;

e to set clear and measurable objectives for the various
business units

In order to improve employees’ individual fulfillment within
the Company and to promote all differences, the Council
for Diversity and Inclusion defined four priorities:

e facilitate employment for people with disabilities;
e@ promote gender diversity in the workplace;

(1) Excluding on-site training.

e encourage professional development and motivation
for all generations;

e reflect in our Company the cultural and social diversity
of our clients and consumers

Gender balance

Two agreements relating to “equality in the workplace”
on various scopes were unanimously signed by social
partners representing the personnel. These agreements
are being deployed, mainly on the following lines:

e promoting gender equality to work towards a
harmonious balance of men and women representation
inall areas of business and at all levels of the Company;

e changing attitudes: a study relating to Stereotypes
and Genders was carried out in partnership with the
“IMS - Entreprendre pour la cité’ association in order to
raise awareness among managers and to deconstruct
stereotypes and reduce the self-censorship observed
in many women;

e efforts to erase all compensation differences not
justified by differences in experience levels or seniority,
by each year allocating to these realignments a
percentage of the budget negotiated within the
mandatory annual negotiations;

e developing gender-equitable recruitment practices, in
particular by encouraging the recruitment of a person
of the sex least represented in the function concerned,
where qualifications are equal;

e taking into account the essential balance between
personal and professional life by better accompanying
employee leaves for maternity, adoption or parental
leave, by fixing a time limit for meetings and by setting
specific leave policies for special family circumstances;

e bringing financial support to employees having
dependent children under 13 and whose professional
training requires them to be away from home for more
than one day.

82 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 82 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Employees with disabilities
Sodexo subsidiaries in France employ 1,213 workers with
a disability.

In February 2012, Sodexo France confirmed its long-term
commitment to hiring individuals with disabilities in a
third “employees with disabilities” agreement.

This agreement, signed by all the trade union organizations,
has been approved by the ‘Regional Department of Work’
(Direction régionale du travail) for 2012, 2013 and 2014

Two majors areas of action are keeping people with
disabilities employed and working with partners to provide
adapted work environments

This agreement is being monitored and steered by an
Organization for Disabilities and a Disability Support
Network representing nearly 80 people across the country

We do

As of August 30, 2012, within the framework of this third
“Employees with disabilities” agreement:

e 14 people had been hired on permanent contracts
and 8 on fixed-term contracts;

e 23 apprentices had been recruited (beginning of the
2011 school year);

e 47 interns had been hired;

e 19 individuals had been kept employed.

Employment information on the parent
company

These disclosures relate to the employment and
environmental impact of all of the activities of Sodexo SA
in France and its Overseas Departments and Territories
(DOM), as required by article L.225-102-1 of the French
Commercial Code.

As of August 31, 2012, Sodexo SA employed 285 people, as follows

Non-site

managers

Men 90
Women 125
TOTAL 215

Other non-site Site Front-line
staff managers staff Total
2 0 3 95
4h 7 14 190
46 7 17 285

Women represent 67% of the Sodexo SA workforce. The
breakdown by age group is as follows:

3%

15%, 21%

23%

38%

@ Under 30
@ 30-40
@ 40-50
@ 50-60
@ Over 60

During Fiscal 2012, 58 staff were recruited on permanent
contract, comprising 56 by direct recruitment, and
2 through conversion of fixed-term contracts into
permanent contracts.

3.5% of the workforce was on fixed-term contracts
Temporary work accounts for only 0.42% of hours worked
In both cases, these are basically jobs designed to cope
with spikes in workload.

During the fiscal year, 3 employees had their employment
contract terminated, none of them for economic reasons

The working week in metropolitan France and the overseas
departments (DOM) is 35 hours.

Part-time work involved 26 people, 7.e., 11 non-
site managers, 3 other non-site staff, and 12 front-line
staff.

Altogether 445 hours of overtime were worked during the
year, representing 0.10% of total hours worked

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 83


--- Page 83 ---

3

CIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

|

ECONOMIC,
We do

The absenteeism rate was 3.27% and the number of days off work was as follows:

Number of days absence for work-related
and travel-to-work accidents 3 6 0 0 9

Number of days absence for sickness 681 291.5 28 69 1,069.5
Number of days absence for maternity 646 155 71 113 985
Number of days absence for other reasons

(unpaid leave, authorized paid leave) 227 13 i} i} 240
TOTAL 1,557 465.5 99 182 = 2,303.5

Average annual salaries for the fiscal year:

Men
Women

133,529
87,446

n/a*
38,975

n/a*
40,599

n/a*
24,180

* Not communicated, as there are not enough employees in this grade.

Sodexo SA paid 188,668 euro gross into a special
employee profit-sharing plan for Fiscal 2012.

The frequency rate was 4.31, and the severity rating
was 0.02.

The Health and Safety and Working Conditions Committee
met four times in Fiscal 2012 and registered 2 work-
related accidents resulting in 9 days of sick leave

Sodexo SA spent 1.6% of its payroll on training, as follows:

Number of hours training 3,118 549 i} i} 3,667
Number of persons trained 140 30 3 9 182
Men (%) 44% 3% 0% 0% 34%
Women (%) 56% 97% 100% 100% 66%

Sodexo SA spent 57,777 euro on finding work for persons
with disabilities and employs one worker who has a
disability

The Company also paid 152,161 euro to the Works
Council for social programs for staff.

84 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 84 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

3.2.2 OUR COMMITMENTS TO NUTRITION,

HEALTH AND WELLNESS

As a world leader in Quality of Life services, Sodexo
plays a key role in the consumption habits of 75 million
consumers each day, Sodexo’s commitment to nutritional
education, balanced diet, health and wellness are the
cornerstone of its offer.

Sodexo’s three commitments to better nutrition,
health and wellness

“We will develop and promote health and wellness
services for our clients, consumers and employees
in all countries where we operate by 2015”

“We will advocate balanced meal options at all client
sites by 2016.”

“We will provide and promote choices with reduced
sugar, salt and fats at all client sites by 2015”

3.2.2.1 HEALTH AND WELLNESS

Chronic diseases are often linked to unhealthy diets and
Jack of physical activity. Wellness is a driver for reducing
workplace absenteeism and increasing performance of
employees and consumers.

3.2.2.2 VARIED AND BALANCED FOOD
OPTIONS

With nearly 4,700 dietitians, Sodexo is the profession’s
number one private sector employer in the world. Sodexo
menus and recipes are reviewed by a qualified nutritionists
in 95.6% of the countries in which the Company operates.
Country teams also use an on-line tool developed by
Sodexo for managing their foodservices portfolio and
share innovations.

International - Golden rules for well-balanced diets

Based on a survey sent to Sodexo dietitians from
around the world, 10 “Golden rules” highlighting
recommendations for healthy and balanced living are
being shared throughout the Company.

International - Dietitian virtual network

A pilot network created on a virtual platform links
Sodexo dietitians around the world to exchange on
experiences and best practices, work collaboratively on
projects such as the 10 Golden Rules, diversify menus
and work together to prevent cardiovascular problems
or diabetes.

3.2.2.3 SUGAR, SALT AND FATS

Many countries’ populations have intakes of salt, sugar
and fats that are higher than both international and
national recommendations

Sodexo’s numerous actions include looking at ways to
reduce salt content across the entire food chain, from
suppliers to end consumers.

France - Recipes with reduced salt

Salt quantities in Sodexo restaurants have dropped
25% since the 2010 launch of a program to reduce
salt in recipes.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 85


--- Page 85 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

3.2.3 OUR COMMITMENTS TO LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Since its creation, Sodexo has always contributed to the
economic and social development of the cities, regions
and countries where we operate. We are committed to
having a positive impact through our activities on the
Quality of Life of local communities.

Sodexo’s three commitments to local communities

“We will fight hunger, malnutrition and food waste
through our STOP Hunger initiative in all countries where
we operate by 2020."

“We will support local community development in all
countries where we operate by 2015"

“We will increase the purchase of products from fair
trade certified sources by 2015”

3.2.3.1 COMBATING HUNGER,
MALNUTRITION AND
FOOD WASTE

Under-nutrition, sometimes combined with malnutrition,
also affects populations of developed countries. In 2010,
16.4% of the population of the European Union, or
80 million people, and 16% of the U.S. population, or
49 million people, lived below the poverty line*.

* Source: FAO (Food and Agriculture Organization of the United
Nations).

STOP Hunger is a global initiative developed by the
Group.

Our objective is to mobilize all of Sodexo’s teams and
expertise, in concert with our host communities and
local partners, and make a lasting contribution to the
fight against hunger and malnutrition

At the end of 2012, 42 countries were involved in
the STOP Hunger initiative, operating 618 major
programs in partnership with 573 NGOs and
associations.

In April 2012, nearly 40,000 emplovees in 35 countries
participated in the 16th edition of the “Servathon’
spearheading 900 actions in partnership with
925 associations and NGOs. The Servathon’s
objective is to fight hunger and malnutrition and
includes volunteering sessions, food drives, fundraisers,
and training for workers and beneficiaries at food banks
and homeless shelters.

3.2.3.2 ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL
DEVELOPMENT OF LOCAL
COMMUNITIES

With operations in 80 countries, the vast majority of our
420,000 employees are hired locally and more than 80%
of our procurement is locally sourced

An international working group based on the
Development of Local Communities has defined a
program applicable in all our countries and eight focus
areas to reinforce our actions:

1. strategic relationships and partnerships with host
communities;

. local recruiting;

. job-training programs for the targeted communities;

.. support for education, health, culture and employment;

. analysis of local supply chain and market needs;

. help create new local enterprises;

. train and help accredit local suppliers;

ONAN FWD

. respond to humanitarian crises

86 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 86 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

3.2.3.3 FAIRLY TRADED CERTIFIED

International - Helping to create new local enterprises

PRODUCTS
Among Sodexo's programs to support the creation of
new local business enterprises is the Super Vegetable
Garden Project, which supplies Sodexo operations
with fresh and seasonal vegetables grown in local
communities. Sodexo helps growers to understand and
meet its standards for quality, competitive pricing and
vendor service as well as helping them find market
Opportunities for local products, both within and

outside Sodexo’s markets. Launched in 2010, the

Project has been implemented in several countries,

they meet our standards.

including Algeria, Tanzania, the UK, Peru and Brazil. Certified fairly traded coffee

represents 1 9.1 % of our total
coffee purchases.

In addition to generating income in local communities,
the Project promotes awareness of where food comes
from and how it is grown and helps participants to

We do

Sodexo improves Quality of Life by purchasing products
that meet our standards for fairly traded products and
by making them available to our employees, clients and
consumers. In certain countries, Sodexo gives preference
to certified products available on our markets as long as

build their skills.

3.2.4 OUR COMMITMENTS TO PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT

Sodexo works to reduce environmental impacts at client sites. The Better Tomorrow Plan promotes sustainable practices
for sourcing and optimizes the consumption of natural resources.

Sodexo’s seven commitments to protect the environment

Sustainable supplies

“We will ensure compliance with our Global Sustainable Supply Chain Code of Conduct
in all countries where we operate by 2015"

“We will source local, seasonal or sustainably grown or raised products in all the countries
where we operate by 2015.”
“We will source sustainable fish and seafood in all the countries where we operate by 2015”

“We will source and promote sustainable equipment and supplies in all countries where
we operate by 2020."

Energy and emissions

“We will reduce our carbon footprint in all countries where we operate and at client sites
by 2020"

Water and effluents

“We will reduce our water footprint in all countries where we operate and at all client sites
by 2020"

Materials and waste

“We will reduce organic waste in all countries where we operate and at client sites by 2015
We will support initiatives to recover organic and non-organic waste”

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012

87


--- Page 87 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

3.2.4.1 SUPPLY CHAIN CODE
OF CONDUCT

Sodexo continued its efforts in Fiscal 2012 to ensure the
signing of the Supplier Code of Conduct by all contracted
suppliers. The indicator, with an objective to achieve
100% compliance, has been included within the scope
of Sustainable Development internal audits to reinforce
the reliability and consistency of country reporting on
this subject.

3.2.4.2 LOCAL, SEASONAL AND
SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS

To continue to make progress on its commitments,
Sodexo has worked since 2010 with some of the world’s
leading international organizations, including World
Wildlife Fund (WWF), to increase sustainable sourcing and
promote sustainable agriculture for fruit and vegetables,
beef, dairy products, palm oil and soy products. Sodexo
joined the Roundtable On Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)
in 2012 and is working toward GreenPalm membership
to encourage sustainable and responsible palm oil
production.

North America - Grow local, buy local

Sodexo promotes local sourcing by matching local
farms to distributors, using a database of more than
600 farmers. A Sodexo requirement that regional
produce distributors purchase locally grown produce
has resulted in an average 17% increase in local
produce sales - and as much as 60% in some areas.

3.2.4.3, SUSTAINABLE FISH
AND SEAFOOD

Having successfully eliminated 100% of purchases of
at-risk seafood species in Fiscal 2011, Sodexo committed
to preserving endangered species and promoting MSC-
certified seafood (Marine Stewardship Council). Sodexo
works closely with clients to raise consumer awareness
regarding responsible fishing

3.2.4.4 SUSTAINABLE EQUIPMENT
AND SUPPLIES

Sodexo is increasing the proportion of sustainable
products and equipment it uses, including through
product selection in designated priority categories such
as paper disposables, cleaning products and office paper.

3.2.4.5 ENERGY AND EMISSIONS
Progress achieved during the year includes:

e partnering with our suppliers to reduce carbon
emissions from the products we buy and sell ~ the
largest source of scope 3 emissions (indirect emissions
from the supply chain including transport of goods
and people);

e establishment of a methodology for calculating of
our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (direct emissions
linked to fossil fuel combustion of resources controlled
by the Company, and indirect emissions linked to the
purchase or the production of electricity);

e creation of service offers, including audits, to help
clients reduce energy consumption and emissions;

e procedures and measures for obtaining certifications
and labels and applying for certification with
international environmental standards;

e dialogue with WRI (World Resources Institute) and
others to determine which of our business activities
fall into scope 1, 2, 3 for greenhouse gas emissions
within the WRI's GHG Protocol.

International - Reducing energy consumption with
Endocube

Sodexo has installed more than 600 Endocube devices
at sites around the world. Endocube is a small plastic
box containing a wax that mimics the properties of
food. It has been shown to lower refrigeration energy
consumption by 12 to 45%, enabling reduction of
energy footprints and carbon emissions on client
sites. At the refrigeration units, air temperature
rises far quicker than food temperature; as a result,
refrigerators work harder than necessary to maintain
stored products at the right temperature, leading to
excessive electricity consumption.

88 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 88 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

3.2.4.6 WATER AND EFFLUENTS

Understanding and being able to measure Sodexo's water
footprint (defined as the total amount of water used for the
production or the consumption of goods and consumed
services) has been one of the major achievements in
Fiscal 2012.

In partnership with the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), we have
been able to clearly identify “hot spots” where we need
to focus our attention and actions that have to be taken
In 2012, an online training module was created for all
site managers and Better Tomorrow Plan Champions to
raise awareness among our employees on water-related
issues. Through the creation of this tool and our data, the
Group has been able to understand for the major Sodexo
countries how water is used in our supply chain.

3.2.4.7 ORGANIC AND NON-ORGANIC
WASTE

Organic waste minimization efforts in 2012 included
preparation of a global site-based initiative to reduce
waste from food preparation.

We do

United States - Reducing packaging waste

Sodexo is helping clients reduce packaging waste with
its Packaging Tool, which enables site managers
to choose the best disposable option for their site,
considering environmental and site specific factors.

United States - Reducing waste at sporting events

Over 100,000 football fans were called to participate
in “Game Day Challenge’ a 2011 competition
between universities to strive for “zero waste” from
food and drink consumed at sports stadiums. With
its client, Ohio State University, Sodexo developed
an awareness campaign during seven home games.
This included replacing products like plastic food trays,
non-recyclable paper soda cups and styrofoam coffee
cups with compostable or recyclable materials.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 89


--- Page 89 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We do

3.2.4.8 ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
ON THE PARENT COMPANY

As part of its commitment to sustainable development,
Sodexo strives to minimize the direct impact of its service
activities on the environment. Working at the computer,
using the printer, taking a coffee break, heating the office,
turning on the light, travelling: all these activities affect
the environment.

In 2010, Sodexo obtained a triple certification for
ISO 14001 (environmental management), ISO 9001
(quality management) and OHSAS 18001 (occupational
health and safety) - for its facilities management services,
including at its headquarters. This certification recognizes
the many environmental actions that are continuously
pursued on-site towards greater energy and water
reduction in particular.

Among sustainable development measures implemented
at headquarters

e selective sorting and collection of office waste, with
pre-sorting by each office worker: use of collective all-in
one printer/photocopier/fax machines, PEFC-certified
wood containers for recycling paper, collection of plastic
bottle tops and batteries, compostable biodegradable
cups, recucling of ink cartridges;

e use of environmentally-friendly cleaning products
through an eco-washing system;

e investment in video and web conferencing systems to
Jimit business trips;

© concierge services offering sustainable services such
as organic fruits and vegetable baskets or shoe-repairs
done with solvent-free glues;

e serving Sodexo’s Aspretto offer of organic and fair trade
teas and coffees.

Consumption of electricity and water

ELECTRICITY

Fiscal 2012 2,177,775 kWh
Fiscal 2011 2,055,073 kWh
Fiscal 2010 2,130,199 kWh
Fiscal 2009 2,334,494 kWh
Fiscal 2008 2,315,301 kWh

Consumption of electricity per square meter increased
by 3% in Fiscal 2012 relative to the prior year. We were
able to identify several causes for this increase, including
harsher winter conditions and an unusually hot month
of August.

Several measures are in place to optimize our energy
consumption, including

e fitting parking garage stairs, changing rooms, loading
dock and technical rooms with light presence detectors
to curb electricity consumption;

© extending presence detectors to meeting rooms;

e replacing all coffee machines with energy efficient
ones;

e using the Ergelis smart heating and air conditioning
control system;

e centralized lighting control with different scenarios;
e energy class A electric office appliances;
e special windows that reduce energy consumption.

WATER

Fiscal 2012 2,280 me
Fiscal 2011 2,699 mF
Fiscal 2010 2,366 m?
Fiscal 2009 2,322 me
Fiscal 2008 2,804 me

Due to initiatives launched at the site in Fiscal 2012, water
consumption in cubic meters decreased by 16% compared
to the prior fiscal year.

New measures aimed at cutting water consumption
include the training of cleaning personnel.

90 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 90 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCI.

3.3 We engage

A key to guaranteeing respect for the Group’s
commitments to Quality of Life is to involve
stakeholders - employees, clients, consumers,
suppliers and institutions - and dialogue to influence
their practices at sites where the Group is present and
elsewhere.

3.3.1 EMPLOYEES

Our commitment

“We will support our employees and involve them in
programs and citizenship actions that contribute to
healthier and better balanced lifestyles.”

The success of the Better Tomorrow Plan lies in our ability
to engage and sustain a dialogue with our employees, who
are our best ambassadors with clients and consumers.

3.3.2 CLIENTS

Our commitment
“We will support our clients’ sustainability strategy
and contribute to strengthening client reputations.”

We believe that sustainability is a potentially significant
growth opportunity, because:

e sustainability initiatives are becoming increasingly
important in our markets and our clients are placing
additional resources and emphasis on sustainability;

RESPONSIBILITY

We engage

Stakeholder engagement is central to our Sodexo’s
commitment to Quality of Life. Based on interactive
discussion and feedback, our approach to stakeholder
engagement continues to evolve

During Fiscal 2012, Sodexo continued to involve an
increasing number of employees in the Better Tomorrow
Plan, thanks to several actions, including:

e 30,500 site managers in 68 countries participated
in a Better Tomorrow Plan training session using an
on-line e-learning tool, now available in ten languages

e More than 50 different training modules have been
developed in order to complete Sodexo’'s expertise in
sustainable development. Among the topics addressed
are sustainable fish and seafood, water conservation
and support for host communities.

e our clients expect Sodexo to demonstrate
commitment and leadership on sustainability.
Whether in schools, hospitals or companies, our clients
are looking to Sodexo for commitment and visible
performance improvements to help them achieve their
own sustainability objectives. Our ability to meet these
expectations is a source of competitive advantage,
increasing client retention and helping us win new
business;

e Implementing awareness and behavior changes
through tangible actions and communicating them
to clients will improve client engagement, underlining
Sodexo's ability to create value.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 91


--- Page 91 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We engage

3.3.3 CONSUMERS

Our commitment

“We will help consumers to adopt more healthy and
sustainable practices.”

The general public's interest in sustainability issues is
growing. Offering employees, students and senior citizens
ways to live healthier makes them more effective. Sodexo
wants to engage consumers in proactively improving their
lifestyle habits to improve their health and decrease
health costs.

3.3.4 SUPPLIERS

Our commitment

“We will engage our suppliers to improve sustainability
throughout our supply chain and involve them in
helping us deliver on our commitments.”

Our values and ethical principles serve as a foundation
for our Better Tomorrow Plan supplier relations
guidelines. We actively seek business relationships
with suppliers who share our values and maintain high
ethical standards wherever we conduct business. We ask
our suppliers to promote the application of these high
standards among those with whom they do business and
we work closely with suppliers across the entire supply
chain. This engagement helps us bring the best ideas to
the table - to the benefit of our clients and consumers.

Consumers are increasingly aware of the connections
between our services and sustainability. For example,
they are concerned about where their food comes from,
how and by whom it was made and the links between
sustainability and health.

By educating and involving consumers, we help them
to live healthier lives

In 2012, we continued our efforts to advance together
with our suppliers on the Better Tomorrow Plan journey

e providing training tools for use by our Supply Chain
teams and our Better Tomorrow Plan network on each
of our sustainable supply chain commitments;

e@ organizing awards to recognize suppliers and clients
for their participation in actions that support the
Better Tomorrow Plan, such as suppliers Kraft Foods
and Ecolab in the U.S. and client Acadia University in
Canada

92 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012


--- Page 92 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

3.3.5 INSTITUTIONS

Our commitment
“We will regularly consult external stakeholders on our
CSR strategy and innovations.”

Sodexo engages in transparent, ongoing worldwide
dialogue with external stakeholders to promote healthy
living. Examples include

e at the global level, Sodexo is involved in the World
Health Organization's (WHO) global strategy on diet,

We engage

physical activity and health, as well as in International
Labour Organization (ILO) working groups;

at the EU level, Sodexo is involved in European
Federation of Contract Catering Organization (FERCO)
programs in the areas of diet, physical activity and
health

3.3.6 RATINGS AND INDEXES FOR SODEXO

Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI)

e Member of the DJS! World and the DJSI STOXX since
2005

e |n 2012 and for the eighth year running, Sodexo was
named as “Global Sustainability Industry Leader”
by the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), for
its industry sector “Restaurants, Hotels, Bars and
Recreational Services”

Sustainability Asset Management (SAM)

e For the fifth year running, Sodexo was recognized in
the “Sustainability Year Book 2012” report and won
two important distinctions awarded by the Sustainable
Asset Management (SAM): “SAM 2012 Sector Leader”
and “SAM 2012 Gold Class’’

Sodexo is also ranked among the following indexes:

ASPI Eurozone® Index (Vigeo), 3

STOXX® Global ESG Leaders
September 2011;

Ethibel Excellence Index since July 2010;

Index since

Fédéris ISR Euro index since June 2010;

Business in the Community (BITC) Corporate
Responsibility Index since 2007 (United Kingdom and
Ireland)

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2012 93
