= the political situation in the countries where the Group invests;

m the emergence of new powerful players, such as content and
service suppliers or search engines;

= the Group’s ability to obtain a return on its investments in the
networks;

a fiscal and regulatory constraints and changes;

m= conditions for accessing the capital markets, in particular
risks related to financial market liquidity;

m exchange rate or interest rate fluctuations;
m= asset impairments;

m results of current litigation.

Other than required by law (in particular pursuant to
Article 223-1 et seg. of the AMF General Regulations),
France Telecom-Orange does not undertake any obligation to
update forward-looking statements.

The most. significant risks are described in Chapter 4,
Risk factors.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 5
6 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
person responsible

1.1. PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED
IN THE REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Stéphane Richard

1.2 DECLARATION BY THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE

After having taken all reasonable measures in this regard,
| hereby certify that the information in this Registration Documen
is, to the best of my knowledge, in accordance with the facts,
with no omissions likely to affect its import.

| hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with the
applicable accounting standards and give a true and fair view
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, and results of the
Company consolidated companies, and that the Managemen
Report included on pages 162 to 248 of this Registration
Document presents a true image of the business performance,
results, and financial position of the Company and of a
consolidated companies as well as a description of the major
risks and uncertainties facing them.

| have received a work completion letter from the Statutory
Auditors, in which they state that they have verified the
information regarding the financial position and_ financial
statements presented in this document and have read the entire
document.

The Statutory Auditors have issued reports on the historical
financial information presented in this document. These reports
contain the following observations:

Without qualifying their opinion on the financial statements, in
their report on the consolidated financial statements for the year
ending December 31, 2010 set out on page 495 of Registration
Document D. 11-0227, the Statutory Auditors drew the
reader’s attention to the matter set out in notes 1.2 and 1.5
to the consolidated financial statements regarding changes
in accounting options occurring on or after January 1, 2010,
particularly with regard to the accounting treatment of interests
in jointly controlled entities and the recognition of actuarial gains
and losses related to defined benefit plans.

Paris, March 27, 2013
The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Stéphane Richard

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 7
person responsible

8 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
2 statutory auditors

2.1. © STATUTORY AUDITORS

Ernst & Young Audit

Represented by Vincent de La Bachelerie

Tour First

TSA 14444

1/2, Place des Saisons

92400 Courbevoie — Paris - La Défense 1, France

Ernst & Young Audit was appointed by Government decree
dated September 18, 1991, and this appointment was renewed
by Government decrees dated May 14, 1997 and May 27,
2008, then by a decision of the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting
of May 26, 2009 for a period of six years.

Deloitte & Associés

Represented by Frédéric Moulin

185, avenue Charles de Gaulle

92524 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (now Deloitte & Associés) was
appointed by Government decree dated May 27, 2003, and
this appointment was renewed by a decision of the Ordinary
Shareholders’ Meeting of May 26, 2009, for a period of six
years.

2.2 ALTERNATE STATUTORY AUDITORS

Auditex

Tour First

TSA 14444

1/2, Place des Saisons

92400 Courbevoie — Paris - La Défense 1, France

BEAS
7-9, villa Houssay

92524 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France

Auditex and BEAS were appointed by Government decree of May 27, 2003, and these appointments were renewed by decisions of
the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of May 26, 2009, for a period of six years.

The terms of office of all Statutory Auditors will expire at the end of the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting convened to approve
the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
statutory auditors

1 0 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
c selected financial information

The selected financial information presented below relating to The selected financial information relating to the fiscal years
the years ending December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and ending December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 must be read
2012 is extracted from the consolidated financial statements together with the consolidated financial statements and the
audited by Ernst & Young Audit and Deloitte & Associés. Group’s Management Report covering these financial years.

3.1. | CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

Amounts in accordance

with IFRS

(in millions of euros except

for per share and dividend data) 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008
Revenues 43,515 100.0% 45,277 100.0% 45,503 100.0% 44,845 100.0% 46,712 100.0%
Operating Income 4,063 9.3% 7,948 17.6% 7,562 16.6% 7,650 17.1% 9,754 20.9%
Finance costs, net (1,728)  (4.0)% (2,033)  (4.5)% (2,000) (4.4)% (2,206) (4.9)% (2,884) (6.2)%
Consolidated net income after

tax of continuing operations 1,104 2.5% 3,828 8.5% 3,807 8.4% 3,202 7.1% 4,014 8.6%
Consolidated net income after

tax of discontinued operations - - - - 1,070 2.4% 200 0.4% 404 0.9%
Net income attributable to owners

of the parent company 820 1.9% 3,895 8.6% 4,880 10.7% 3,018 6.7% 4,073 8.7%

Earning per share (in euros)
attributable to owners of the
parent company

Net income of continuing

operations
= basic 0.31 1.47 1.44 1.06 1.41
= diluted” 0.31 1.46 1.43 1.06 1.39
Net income
= basic 0.31 1.47 1.84 1.14 1.56
= diluted ” 0.31 1.46 1.82 1.14 1.54
Dividend per share
for the fiscal year 0.78 ®) 1.40 1.40 1.40 1.40

(1) Earnings per share calculated on a comparable basis.
(2) Subject to the approval of the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 11
12

3 selected financial information
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

3.2 | CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

Amounts in accordance with IFRS

(in millions of euros) 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008
Intangible assets “ 37,591 38,683 40,335 37,750 43,923
Property, plant and equipment 23,662 23,634 24,756 23,547 25,826
Total assets 89,980 96,083 94,276 90,910 93,652
Net financial debt 30,545 30,890 31,840 32,534 35,424
Equity attributable to the owners of the parent 24,306 27,573 29,101 26,864 27,032
(1) Includes goodwill and other intangible assets.

Amounts in accordance with IFRS

(in millions of euros) 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008
Net cash provided by operating activities 10,016 12,879 12,588 14,003 14,743
Net cash used in investing activities (4,710) (6,308) (6,951) (5,397) (7,167)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment

and intangible assets (6,763) (6,711) (6,102) (5,454) (6,657)
Net cash used in financing activities (5,072) (2,860) (6,117) (9,554) (6,706)
Cash and cash equivalents at year-end 8,321 8,061 4,428 3,805 4,694

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
A

risk factors

4.1. OPERATIONAL RISKS 15
Risks related to the sector, the economic environment and strategy 15
Risks relating to human resources 16
Other operational risks 17
4.2 LEGAL RISKS 18
4.3. FINANCIAL RISKS 20
Liquidity risk 20
Interest rate risk 20
Credit-rating risks 20
Credit risk and/or counterparty risk on financial transactions 21
Foreign exchange risk 21
Risk of asset impairment 22
Equity Risk 22

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 1 3
14

A risk factors

In addition to the information contained in the present
Registration Document, investors should carefully consider the
risks outlined below before deciding whether to invest. Any or all
of these risks could have a negative impact on France Telecom’s
business, financial position or profits. In addition, other risks that
are not yet identified or currently considered to be immaterial
by France Telecom could have a similarly negative impact and
investors could lose all or part of their investment.

The risks described in this chapter concern:

= risks relating to France Telecom-Orange’s business activities
see section 4.1);

= risks of a legal nature (see section 4.2);
= financial risks (see section 4.3).

In each section, risk factors are presented in diminishing order of
importance, as determined by the Company at the registration
date of the current Registration Document. France Telecom-
Orange may change its view of their relative importance at any
time, particularly if new external or internal facts come to light.

Several other sections of this present Registration Document
also discuss risks in some detail:

= for risks related to France Telecom-Orange’s general strategy,
see section 6.2 France Telecom-Orange’s strategy;

a for risks relating to regulations and regulatory pressure,
see section 6.6 Regulations and note 15 Litigation to the
consolidated financial statements;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

= for risks relating to litigation involving the Group, see notes 15
Litigation and 16 Subsequent events to the consolidated
inancial statements as well as section 20.4 Litigation and
arbitration proceedings;

m for risks relating to the vulnerability of the technical
infrastructure and environmental risks, see section 17.2
Environmental information;

= for financial risks, see:

= note 11 Information on market risk and fair value of financial
assets and liabilities to the consolidated financial statements
for management of interest rate risk, currency risk, liquidity
risk, covenants, credit risk, counterparty risk, and equity
market risk,

=» note 10.10 to the consolidated financial statements on
derivative instruments;

= policy for managing interest rate, currency and liquidity
risks is set by the Treasury and Financing Committee. See
section 16.3.4 Group Governance Committees;

m for the insurance plan, see section 6.8 /nsurance;

m more generally, policy for managing risk throughout the
France Telecom-Orange Group is discussed in the Chairman’s
Report on governance and internal control. See section 16.5
Risk management and internal control.
4.1 | OPERATIONAL RISKS

risk factors A
OPERATIONAL RISKS

Risks related to the sector,
the economic environment
and strategy

1. France Telecom-Orange generates much of its
revenues from mature countries and business activities
where intense competition in the telecommunications
sector could erode its market share or profitability.

The main markets in which France Telecom-Orange operates
are maturing and, in some cases, showing signs of saturation.
France Telecom-Orange therefore faces extremely tough
competition mainly in terms of pricing, particularly in the French
mobile market where competition has heightened following the
allocation of a fourth 3G license to Free in December 2009, and
he launch of its offers in January 2012. The price drop in 2012
and the start of 2013 by all French mobile operators in response
o this launch has had an impact on their results and, if such
reductions continue, future margins will be affected.

n response to this competition, France Telecom-Orange strives
o offer an improved response to its customers’ requirements
ior high capacity broadband (with the roll-out of fiber, high
capacity broadband (H+), and 4G), quality, and simplicity of
services. For this purpose, France Telecom-Orange seeks to
develop an organization, processes and systems to provide its
customers with the latest technological advances and improved
offers while at the same time making these more accessible and
easy to use. In France, this is reflected in particular by a drive
to refocus its organization around the customer on a regional
basis. Given the competition on prices, France Telecom-Orange
also faces the risk of not being able to successfully monetize
new services offered to its customers and thus profit from the
expensive investments made.

In the face of competition, France Telecom-Orange’s ability
to protect its margins will also depend, in part, on the
transformation of its cost structure with a reduction in fixed
costs. France Telecom-Orange has therefore launched two
major transformation programs: Chrysalid, which aims to share
best practices within the Group, with a view to controlling
costs including overhead costs, marketing, customer service
management, real estate, networks or distribution costs, as
well as a program to pool purchasing with Deutsche Telekom
through the jointly owned company BuylIn.

Should France Telecom-Orange’s ambitious and complex
transformation program prove unsuccessful, or it fail to control
the networks, technologies and the processes required to meet

its customers’ needs, the Company could lose market share
and/or be forced to reduce its margins, which could have a
negative impact on its financial position and results.

For more information on competition, see Chapter 6 Overview
of the Group’s Businesses.

2. The very deteriorated economic situation in France
and Europe could have a significant impact on France
Telecom-Orange’s_ business, particularly on the
Group’s results.

Changes in the euro zone in 2011 and 2012 as a result of the
debt crisis and the deterioration of public sector finances of
several European States has triggered a loss of confidence in
the European economy. The risk of further economic decline
remains high and, if it were to continue, this situation could
have a direct effect on household spending and the activity
of companies. This could have a significant impact on France
Telecom-Orange’s revenues and results.

For further information on the impact of the economic situation
on the France Telecom-Orange Group, see also financial risks
in section 4.3 below.

3. As part of its strategy, France Telecom-Orange is
exploring sources of growth in new countries and
businesses. This may prove to be difficult or fruitless,
or may be costly. In addition, investments already
made may fail to bring the expected returns, and may
even generate unexpected commitments and the
Group could be faced with increased country risk. In
all cases, the Group’s results and outlook could be
impaired.

The Group’s growth depends heavily on its activities in fast-
growing regions of the world. It has therefore invested in
elecommunications companies in the Middle East and in Africa
and could make new investments in these regions. Political
instability or changes in the economic, legal or social landscape
in these regions may call into question the outlook on profits
held when these investments were made, or may become
unforeseen liabilities, and the Group’s results could be impaired.

oreover, these regions could present difficulties or specific
risks in relation to internal controls or failure to comply with the
applicable laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws
regulations that could also present risks in other regions where
he Company operates, in particular due to its increased scope
and restricting nature).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 1 5
16

risk factors
OPERATIONAL RISKS

4

Finally, the Group’s growth also depends on a strategy for
developing new businesses to cope with the rapid and
extensive transformation of the electronic communications
sector. This strategy rests on new businesses, particularly
content aggregation, mobile payment, contactless services
(NFO), Machine to Machine, or cloud computing, under the
unique Orange brand. The pursuit of these goals requires
resources, in particular regarding service integration and
content development, however there is no guarantee that
the use of these services and contents will grow or that they
will be monetized at fair value and generate a profit on the
corresponding costs. Furthermore, the development of these
new services could be hampered by regulatory changes or as a
result of the economic environment.

If the expected growth in revenues from these new services
was not achieved or if France Telecom-Orange was not able
to render these new services profitable, the Group’s financial
position and results could be impaired.

4. The rapid growth in broadband use (fixed or mobile)
allows service or content providers or terminal
suppliers the opportunity to establish a direct link
with telecommunications operators’ customers,
thus depriving the latter, including France Telecom-
Orange, of a share of their revenues and margins. If
this phenomenon continues or intensifies, it could
seriously impair the financial position and outlook of
the operators.

The increased use of networks for value-added services has
led to the emergence of new powerful players such as content
and service providers (particularly VoIP or instant messaging,
aggregators, search engines and_ terminal suppliers).
Competition with these players to control customer relations
is growing and could erode the operators’ market position.
This direct relationship with customers is a source of value
for operators and to lose part or all of it to new entrants could
affect revenues, margins, the financial position and outlook of
telecommunications operators like France Telecom-Orange.

In response, France Telecom-Orange has adopted a strategy
aimed at:

a making significant investments to increase the capacity of its
transport and aggregation networks and to set itself apart
based on the quality of the service offered;

m= supplying more innovative and attractive communication
services such as broadband voice or an_ integrated
communication suite;

m developing convergent access modes and services; and

® investing in innovation, particular through the Nova+ program.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

There is however no guarantee that this strategy, and particularly
the investments made in the field of innovation, will be sufficient
in the face of the pressure from new entrants. With no assurance
of profitability on these investments, the financial position and
outlook of France Telecom-Orange could be affected.

Risks relating to human resources

5. In 2009, France Telecom-Orange was faced with a
major social crisis in France. Since 2010, the Group
has implemented an ambitious human resources
program as part of its Conquests 2015 strategic plan to
respond to this crisis. However, the economic context
could hinder the implementation of this program and
thus have a material impact on the Group’s image,
operations, and results.

In 2008 and 2009, the Group was faced with a major crisis
relating to psycho-social risks and anxiety at work, the effects
of which continued into 2010. This crisis received widespread
coverage in the French and international media following a
number of employee suicides and had a major impact on the
Group’s image. In response to this crisis, in 2010, the Group
launched a new social Contract aimed at defining the Company’s
professional practices and management culture and to provide
long-term solutions to the risk factors identified (implementation
of specific measures resulting from collective discussions, bases
or renewal and agreements with trade union representatives).
The Orange People Charter was also launched throughout
he entire Group in 2011. This project led in particular to the
signing in March 2011 of the Workforce and Skills Planning
anagement Program (Gestion Prévisionnelle des Emplois et
des Compétences) agreement, the implementation of the Part-
Time plans for Seniors (Temps-Partiel Senior) signed in 2009
and 2012, and the clarification of principles promoting the
enhancement of professional careers and greater flexibility in
employment.

Although the Group believes that the cost of implementing
such projects should be more than offset for by the benefits
to the Company and its employees, this project could however
come into conflict with certain cost-cutting plans. Moreover,
in the event that the project does not achieve the expected
results, this crisis may persist, affecting the Group’s image, its
operations and its results for a long time.
Other operational risks

6. Technical failures or the saturation of the
telecommunications networks or the technical
infrastructures or IT system could reduce traffic, erode
revenues and damage the reputation of the operators
or the sector as a whole.

There has already been damage to or interruptions to the service
provided to customers and these may reoccur following outages
(hardware or software), human errors or sabotage of critical
hardware or software, failure or refusal of a critical supplier, or if
the network in question does not have sufficient capacity to meet
the growing usage needs. As a result of the rationalization of the
network based on the implementation of all-IP technologies, the
increase in the size of the service platforms and the relocation of
equipment into fewer buildings, such service interruptions may
in the future affect a greater number of customers and more than
one country simultaneously. Although impossible to quantify, the
impact of such interruptions affecting one or several countries
would not only cause customer dissatisfaction, reduced traffic
and an adverse effect on France Telecom-Orange revenues, but
could also lead to intervention from the public authorities in the
country or countries concerned.

Moreover, during the current period, the risk of failure of the
internal France Telecom-Orange IT system has increased due
to the accelerated implementation of new services or new
applications relating notably to billing and customer relationship
management. More specifically, incidents (including the
possible loss of control over personal data) could occur during
the implementation of new applications or software.

7. The technical infrastructure belonging to
telecommunications operators are vulnerable to
damage or interruptions caused by natural disasters,
fires, wars, acts of terrorism, intentional damage,
malicious acts, or other similar events.

A natural disaster or other unforeseen incidents affecting France
Telecom-Orange’s installations or any other damage or failure of
the networks could cause significant damage generating high
repair costs. In most cases, France Telecom-Orange has no
insurance for damage to its aerial lines and must assume the full
cost of the repairs itself. Furthermore, the damage caused by
such major disasters may have more long-term consequences
resulting in significant expense for France Telecom-Orange
and which would harm its image. Moreover, international,
community and national laws now recognize the existence
of climate change. Weather phenomena associated with this
climate change may increase the seriousness of disasters and
of the damage caused.

risk factors
OPERATIONAL RISKS

8. The scope of France Telecom-Orange activities and the
interconnection of the networks mean that the Group is
permanently exposed to the risk of fraud, which could
reduce revenues and margins and damage its image.

Like any telecommunications operator, France Telecom-Orange
risks falling victim to fraud where the fraudster aims to use the
operator’s services without paying (possibly reselling these
services) or to defraud the operator’s customers or the operator
itself via the communications services offered by the latter. As
technologies and networks become increasingly more complex,
new types of fraud which are more difficult to detect or combat
could also develop. France Telecom-Orange’s revenues,
margins, service quality and reputation could be affected.

9. Exposure to electromagnetic fields from
telecommunications equipment raises concerns for
possible health risks. If the perception of this risk were
to deteriorate or if ahealth risk was scientifically proven,
this could have a material impact on the activity and
results of operators such as France Telecom-Orange.

In certain countries, concerns have been raised regarding the
possible health risks linked to exposure to electromagnetic
fields from telecommunications equipment (mobile handsets,
cell phone antennae, Wifi, etc.). Recently, two reports on the
possible health risks were published in January 2013 (European
Environment Agency and the Biolnitiative Report) and received
a certain amount of coverage from elected representatives and
associations.

On the basis of results from studies of the use of mobile
handsets in particular, in May 2011, the International Agency
ior Research on Cancer (IARC), a specialist arm of the World
Health Organization (WHO), classified electromagnetic fields
rom radiofrequency emissions as category 2B (“possibly
carcinogenic to humans”). However, in its June 2011 Fact
Sheet on cell phones, the WHO states that “to date, no advers:
health effects have been established as being caused by mobi
phone use”.

e
le

n the absence of complete scientific certainty, some health
or public authorities have issued various usage precautions
designed to cut user exposure to electromagnetic fields from
mobile phones. Certain countries have adopted regulations
which limit public exposure to base stations and wireless
networks to levels below the limits recommended by the
International Commission on Non-lonizing Radiation Protection
(ICNIRP). Other countries may consider taking similar measures.
In certain cases, jurisdictions have ordered telephone operators
to take down cell phone antennae and to compensate local
residents. Similar decisions in the future cannot be ruled out.

These regulatory and case law developments could lead to a
reduction in coverage zones, deterioration of the service quality

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

4

17
18

risk factors
LEGAL RISKS

4

and customer dissatisfaction, as well as a slow down in the
roll-out of cell phone antennae and an increase in the costs of
network roll-outs, which could have a significant impact on the
Orange brand and the Group’s results and financial position.

The perception of risks by the public or employees could
lead to a decrease in the number of customers and lower
consumption by customers, as well as an increase in lawsuits
or other consequences including, in particular, opposition to the
construction of or even the existence of cell phone antennae.

4.2 LEGAL RISKS

France Telecom-Orange cannot predict the conclusions of future
scientific research or studies by international organizations and
scientific committees called upon to examine these issues.
Such conclusions or studies and the different interpretations
of these could lead to a decrease in the use of mobile
telecommunication services, difficulties and additional costs in
the roll-out of cell phone antennae and wireless networks, as
well as an increased number of lawsuits, particularly if a health
risk is eventually scientifically established.

For further
information.

information, see section 17.2 Environmental

10. France Telecom-Orange continues to operate in highly
regulated markets, where its flexibility to manage its
business is limited. France Telecom-Orange’s business
activities and results could be materially affected by
legislative, regulatory or government policy changes.

In most countries in which it operates, France Telecom-Orange
must comply with various regulatory obligations governing
the provision of its products and services, primarily relating
to obtaining and renewing licenses, as well as to oversight
by authorities seeking to maintain effective competition in the
electronic communications markets. Furthermore, in certain
countries France Telecom-Orange faces regulatory constraints
as a result of its historically dominant position in the fixed-line
telecommunications market, in particular in France and Poland.

a

France Telecom-Orange believes that, on a general basis and
in all countries in which it is present, it complies with all the
specific regulations in force, as well the conditions governing its
operator licenses. However, the Company is not able to predict
the decisions of oversight and legal authorities who are regularly
asked to rule on such issues.

Should France Telecom-Orange be ordered to pay damages
or a fine due to the non-respect of a given regulation in force
by the relevant authorities in a country in which it is present,
the Group’s financial position and results could be adversely
affected.

France Telecom-Orange’s business activities and operating
income may be materially adversely affected by legislative,
regulatory or government policy changes, and in particular
by decisions taken by regulatory or competition authorities in
connection with:

m= amendment or renewal on unfavorable conditions, or even
withdrawal, of licenses to use broadcasting frequencies
which are essential to the mobile business;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

= conditions governing network access;
m= service rates;

a the introduction of new taxes or increases to existing taxes for
telecommunications companies;

m= consumerism legislation;
m regulations governing data security;
m net neutrality.

Such decisions could materially affect the Group’s revenues and
results.

For further
Regulations.

information on regulations, see section 6.6

11. France Telecom-Orange is continually involved in legal
proceedings and disputes with regulatory authorities,
competitors, or other parties. The outcome of such
proceedings is generally uncertain and could have a
material impact on its results or financial position.

France Telecom-Orange’s position as the main operator
and provider of network and telecommunications services,
particularly in France and Poland, and one of the leading
telecommunications operators worldwide, attracts the
attention of competitors and competition authorities. Thus,
France Telecom-Orange is involved in lawsuits or European
Commission investigations regarding large amounts of state
aid it is alleged to have received in France. In particular, the
European Commission ruled that France Telecom-Orange
should reimburse the French state some one billion euros that
it received in state aid thanks to the special French business
tax regime which it benefited from until 2003. This decision
was ratified by both the General Court of the European Union
and the European Court of Justice. In a second proceeding,
the Commission ruled against France Telecom-Orange for the
regime of charges relating to the payment of retirement pensions

or civil servant working at France Telecom-Orange, resulting in
increased social security payments of around 120 million euros
per year. In addition, France Telecom-Orange — in particular in
France and Poland — is frequently involved in legal proceedings
with its competitors and with the regulatory authorities due to
its preeminent position in certain markets, and the complaints
iled against France Telecom-Orange may be very substantial.
Finally, the Group may be the object of substantial commercial
lawsuits, worth tens of millions of euros, or, in extreme cases,
hundreds of millions of euros, such as the one that gave
rise to an amicable settlement between its Polish subsidiary
(Telekomunikacja Polska or “TP”) and Danish company DPTG
in January 2012 where TP paid compensation amounting to
550 million euros.

The outcome of lawsuits is inherently unpredictable.

In the case of proceedings involving European competition
authorities, the maximum fine provided for by law is 10% of the
consolidated revenues of the company at fault (or the group to
which it belongs, as the case may be).

The main proceedings involving France Telecom-Orange are
detailed in notes 15 Litigation and 16 Subsequent events to
the consolidated financial statements as well as section 20.4
Litigation and arbitration proceedings. Developments in or the
results of some or all of the ongoing proceedings could have a
material adverse impact on France Telecom’s results or financial
position.

12. Like all electronic communications service providers,
France Telecom-Orange may be held liable for the
loss, release or inappropriate modification of customer
data. Its liability may also be triggered by its Internet
access and hosting services.

France Telecom-Orange’s activities may also trigger the
loss, release or inappropriate modification of the data of its
customers or the wider general public, which are stored on
its infrastructures or carried by its networks. Such incidents
could have a considerable impact on France Telecom-Orange’s
reputation and its liability, including its criminal liability. Recourse
to liability proceedings is facilitated in a number of countries by
legislation increasing operators’ obligations.

In most of the countries where France Telecom-Orange
provides Internet access and hosting services, the Group is
covered by a limited liability regime specific to technical Internet
intermediaries, which is applicable in particular to content

risk factors
LEGAL RISKS

protected by copyright or similar laws. Certain professional
organizations representing different categories of copyright
holders are campaigning for increased obligations on Internet
access providers, in particular in terms of blocking contentious
sites, and for a review of the limited liability regime for hosting
companies. If France Telecom-Orange’s obligations and liability
regime should be changed, this could lead to increased claims
against its liability and the Group would have to invest in the
necessary technical systems.

13. The profitability of certain investments and France
Telecom-Orange’s strategy in certain countries could
be affected by disagreements with its partners in
companies that it does not control.

France Telecom-Orange operates some of its businesses
through companies that it does not control. Articles of
incorporation or agreements for some of these activities require
that some major decisions, such as the approval of business
plans or timing and size of dividends, need approval from
different partners. Should France Telecom-Orange and its
partners disagree regarding these decisions, the profitability
of these investments, their contribution to France Telecom-
Orange’s results and the strategy pursued by France Telecom-
Orange in the countries in which these companies are located,
could be adversely affected.

14. The French Public Sector, directly or indirectly, owns
nearly 27% of France Telecom’s share capital, which
could, in practice, allow it to determine the outcome of
votes at Annual Shareholders’ Meetings.

At December 31, 2012 the French Government directly
owned 13.4% of the shares and 13.5% of the voting rights in
France Telecom, and Fonds Stratégique d’Investissement (FSI)
held 13.5% of the shares and 13.6% of the voting rights. On
December 24, 2012, the French State and the FSI signed a
shareholders’ agreement constituting an action in concert,
canceling and replacing that of November 25, 2009 between the
same parties. The French public sector has three representatives
on the Board of Directors out of a total 15 members. The French
public sector could, in practice, given the absence of other
major shareholder blocks, determine the outcome of votes on
issues requiring a simple majority at Shareholders’ Meetings.
Nevertheless, the Government does not have a golden share
or any other special advantage, other than the right to have
representatives on the Board of Directors in proportion to its
shareholding (see Chapter 18 Major shareholders).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

4

19
20

risk factors
FINANCIAL RISKS

4

4.3 FINANCIAL RISKS

Liquidity risk

15. France Telecom-Orange’s results and outlook may be
adversely affected if access to capital markets remains
difficult or worsens.

France Telecom-Orange raises most of its finance from capital
markets (particularly the bond market). For five years, financial
markets have been extremely volatile and have shown signs
of malfunctioning, materially reducing their liquidity. Given the
loss of confidence in public debt, certain rating agencies have
downgraded sovereign debt in the US and numerous euro
zone countries, including France. Although at this time it seems
he corporate bond markets have been less directly affected,
as matters stand, it is impossible to rule out contamination
by the sovereign debt crisis or another major market event.
Deterioration of the sovereign debt crisis or further downgrades
in country ratings could result in a sharp increase to the margins
applied to corporate issuers.

There are still concerns regarding the consequences of new
regulations Basel Ill and Solvency II, which look to strengthen
he equity of banks’ and insurance companies respectively.
Banks are reducing their outstanding loans forcing companies
0 increase funding obtained on bond markets, which is France
Telecom-Orange’s main source of financing. Stricter prudential
control of the finance sector could reduce companies’ access
o the financing or refinancing from the bond market or bank
loans necessary for their business at prices and under terms
which are considered reasonable, even for first-rate borrowers
or issuers such as France Telecom-Orange. Any inability to
access the markets and/or obtain financing on reasonable
erms could have a material adverse effect on France Telecom-
Orange. The Company could, in particular, be required to
allocate a significant portion of its available cash to pay off debt,
o the detriment of investment or returns for shareholders. In
any case, France Telecom-Orange’s results, cash flow and,
more generally, financial position and flexibility may be adversely
affected.

See note 11.3 Liquidity risk management to the consolidated
financial statements, which sets out, in particular, different
financing sources available to France Telecom-Orange, the
maturity on its debt and changes to its rating, as well as note 11.4
Management of covenants, which contains information on the
limited commitments of the France Telecom-Orange Group
in relation to financial ratios and in the event of bankruptcy or
material adverse change.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Interest rate risk

16. France Telecom-Orange’s business activities could be
adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations.

In the normal course of its business, France Telecom-Orange
obtains most of its funding from capital markets (particularly the
bond market) and a small part from bank loans.

Since most of its debt is at fixed rate, France Telecom-Orange
has a limited amount of exposure to increases in interest rates
on the variable part of its debt. However, the Group is exposed
o interest rate increases when refinancing.

To limit exposure to interest rate fluctuations, France Telecom-
Orange from time to time makes use of financial instruments
derivatives) but cannot guarantee that these transactions
will effectively or completely limit its exposure or that suitable
inancial instruments will be available at reasonable prices. In
addition, hedging costs stemming from interest rate fluctuations
could increase, generally, in line with market liquidity and banks’
circumstances.

In the event that France Telecom-Orange cannot use financial
instruments or if its financial instrument strategy proves
ineffective, cash flow and earnings may be adversely affected.

The management of interest rate risks and an analysis of the
sensitivity of the Group’s position to changes in interest rates
are set out in note 11.1 Interest rate risk management to the
consolidated financial statements.

Credit-rating risks

17. If France Telecom-Orange’s debt rating is downgraded,
placed under surveillance or revised by rating agencies,
its borrowing costs could increase and in certain
circumstances the Company’s access to the capital
it needs could be limited (and thus have a material
adverse effect on its results and financial position).

France Telecom-Orange’s financial rating is partly based on
factors over which it has no control, namely conditions affecting
the electronic communications industry in general or conditions
affecting certain countries or regions in which it operates, and
can be changed at any time by the rating agencies.
The Group’s financial rating or its outlook have already been
downgraded in the past (2001, 2002 and 2012). Even though
the Group’s debt has been considerably reduced since 2001
and 2002, the rating can be reviewed at any time, in light of
changing economic conditions, or due to a deterioration in the
Company's results or performance, or simply due to the ratings
agencies’ perception of these different factors.

Credit risk and/or counterparty risk
on financial transactions

18. The insolvency or deterioration in the financial position
of a bank or other institution with which France
Telecom-Orange has contractual relations may have a
material adverse effect on the Company.

n the course of its business activities, France Telecom-
Orange engages in relations with financial institutions,
particularly in order to manage currency and interest rate
risks. Although cash collateral accounts are in place with mos
of its bank counterparties with which they have contracted
derivatives maturing in more than six months, the failure o
hese counterparties to meet any of these commitments, or
significant differences with the values retained for securities
used as collateral, could have adverse consequences on
France Telecom-Orange. In this regard, the Group is exposed
Oo counterparty risk with respect to these transactions.

Despite the diversification of its financing and focus on the
staggering of debt maturities, France Telecom-Orange could
encounter problems refinancing its debt (particularly its undrawn
6 billion euros syndicated loan) if several of the financia
institutions with which the Company has contractual relations
experiences liquidity problems or fails to meet its obligations.

Investments can also expose France Telecom-Orange to
counterparty risk since the Company is exposed to the collapse
of the financial entities with which it has made investments. See
note 11.5 Credit risk and counterparty risk management to the
consolidated financial statements.

The international banking system is such that financial
institutions are interdependent. As a result, the collapse of a
single institution (or even rumors regarding the financial position
of one of them) may increase the risk for the other institutions,
which would increase exposure to counterparty risk for France
Telecom-Orange.

For customer-related credit and counterparty risk, see
note 11.5 and note 3.3 Trade receivables to the consolidated
financial statements.

risk factors
FINANCIAL RISKS

Foreign exchange risk

19. France Telecom-Orange’s results and cash position
are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.

In general, foreign exchange markets were less volatile in 2012
as a result of measures taken by the European institutions to
safeguard the euro zone at all costs. However, the economic
and financial situation could take another turn for the worse,
thus increasing the risks linked to unfavorable exchange rate
movements.

The main currencies in which France Telecom-Orange is
exposed to a major foreign exchange risk is the Polish Zloty,
the Egyptian pound and the pound sterling. Fluctuations from
one period to the next in the average exchange rate for a given
currency could have a material effect on the revenues and
expenses in this currency, which would in turn have a material
effect on France Telecom-Orange’s results. In addition to the
main currencies, France Telecom-Orange operates in other
monetary zones, including certain emerging markets (African
countries). A fall in the currencies of these countries would have
an adverse effect on the Group’s consolidated revenues and
results. Based on 2012 data, the theoretical impact of a 10%
fall against the euro in the main currencies in which the Group’s
subsidiaries operate would have cut consolidated revenues by
2.1% and Reported EBITDA by 2%.

Finally, as a result of focusing its development strategy on
emerging markets, the share of Group business exposed to
currency risk is likely to rise in the future.

When preparing the Group’s consolidated financial statements,
the assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated into
euros at the closing rate. This translation, which does not impact
net income (except in the event of disposal of its subsidiaries)
but rather other comprehensive income, could have an adverse
effect on the consolidated balance sheet, assets and liabilities
and equity, for potentially significant amounts. See note 11.2
Foreign exchange risk management and note 13 Equity to the
consolidated financial statements.

France Telecom-Orange manages the foreign exchange risk
on commercial transactions (stemming from operations)
and financial transactions (stemming from financial debt) in
he manner set out in note 11.2 to the consolidated financial
statements.

jotably, France Telecom-Orange makes use of derivatives to
hedge its exposure to exchange rate risk but cannot guarantee
hat suitable hedging instruments will be available at reasonable
prices.

To the extent that France Telecom-Orange had not used
hedging instruments to hedge part of this risk, its cash flows
and results could be affected.

See note 10.10 Derivative instruments to the consolidated
inancial statements.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

4

21
22

risk factors
FINANCIAL RISKS

4

Risk of asset impairment

20. France Telecom-Orange has recognized substantial
amounts of goodwill as a result of acquisitions made
since 1999. Impairment losses on this goodwill, likely
to have a material adverse effect on France Telecom-
Orange’s balance sheet and results, could thus be
recognized in accordance with IFRS. France Telecom-
Orange’s results and financial position could also be
affected by the downturn in equity markets in relation
to disposal of its subsidiaries.

France Telecom-Orange has recognized substantial amounts
of goodwill in connection with its acquisitions since 1999, in
particular the acquisitions of Orange, Equant, Amena and the
equity interest in TP S.A. At December 31, 2012, the gross
value of goodwill was 30.8 billion euros, not including goodwill
rom associates. In accordance with IFRS, the current value of
goodwill is subject to annual assessment.

The values in use of the businesses, which are most of the
recoverable amounts and which support the book values
of long-term assets (including goodwill) are sensitive to the
valuation method and the assumptions used in the models. They
are also sensitive to any change in the business environment
that is different to the assumptions used. Thus, when events
or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may occur,
France Telecom-Orange recognizes an impairment loss on this
goodwill, particularly in the case of events or circumstances
that involve material adverse changes of a permanent nature
affecting the economic climate or the assumptions and targets
used at the time of the acquisition.

Over the past five years, France Telecom-Orange recognized
significant impairment losses in respect of its interests in Poland
and Egypt, in particular. At December 31, 2012, the cumulative
amount of impairment losses on continuing operations was
5.1 billion euros, not including impairment losses on the goodwil
of associates.

New events or adverse circumstances could conduct France
Telecom-Orange to review the present value of this goodwil
and to recognize further substantial impairment losses that
could have an adverse effect on its results. In this respect, a
December 31, 2012, the major random factors that may affec
the estimate of recoverable amounts were as follows:

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

m in Europe:

athe different possible developments as a result of the

financial and economic crisis, in particular relating to
consumer behavior, government and European policies
to re-establish a budget balance, Central European Bank
policies and changes in the interest rate markets,

= operators’ reactions in this environment in terms of offers
and pricing, for example in Spain, or in response to new
entrants, for example in France, Belgium or Poland,

= regulatory adjustments in relation to reductions in consumer
prices and stimulating investments,

a ability to adjust France Telecom-Orange’s costs and
investments in keeping with possible changes in revenues;

m in Arab countries (Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia, Morocco, Iraq)
or African countries (Mali, the Democratic Republic of the
Congo, the Central African Republic): changes in the political
situation and the economic effects of this.

In addition, in the case of disposals or introductions onto the
market, the value of certain subsidiaries could be affected by
changes in the stock and debt markets.

For further information on the impairment of goodwill and
recoverable amounts (particularly key assumptions and
sensitivity), see notes 6 Impairment losses and goodwill and 9
Interests in associates to the consolidated financial statements
and section 9.1.2.2 From Group Reported EBITDA to operating
income.

Equity risk

21. Future sales by the Public Sector of shares in France
Telecom may negatively impact France Telecom’s
share price.

At December 31, 2012, the French State directly owned 13.4%
and Fonds Stratégique d’investissement owned 13.5% of
France Telecom’s shares (see Chapter 18 Major shareholders).
Should the Public Sector decide to reduce their interest in
France Telecom, such a sale, or even the belief that such a sale
is imminent, could have an adverse effect on France Telecom’s
share price.

O

5.1

Information about the issuer

HISTORY AND EVOLUTION OF THE COMPANY

5.1.1

France Telecom

Company name

At its meeting on March 20, 2013, the Board of Directors
decided to submit to the Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary
Shareholders’ Meeting of May 28, 2018, the changing of the
company name to “Orange”, as of July 1, 2013.

5.1.2 Place of registration
and registration number

Paris trade and companies register
(Registre du commerce et des sociétés - RCS)

Number: 380 129 866

APE (principal activity) code: 642 C

5.1.3 Date of incorporation
and term

France Telecom was incorporated as a French société anonyme
on December 31, 1996 for a 99 year term. Barring early
liquidation or extension, the Company will expire on December
31, 2095.

5.1.4 Registered office, legal
form and applicable law

78, rue Olivier de Serres, Paris (15" arrondissement), France.
Telephone: +33 (0)1 44 44 22 22

France Telecom S.A. is governed by French corporate law
subject to specific laws governing the Company, notably
Act 90-568 of July 2, 1990 on the organization of public postal
services and France Telecom, as amended.

The regulations applicable to France Telecom S.A. as an
operator are described in section 6.6 Regulation.

5.1.5 Important events

in the development
of the company’s business

Since the 1990s, France Telecom's area of activity and its
regulatory and competitive environment have undergone
significant changes. In a context of increased deregulation and
competition, France Telecom pursued between 1999-2002
a strategy of developing new services and accelerated its
international growth with a number of strategic investments,
particularly the acquisition of Orange Plc. and the Orange brand,
and the equity investment in the Polish operator TP S.A. Most
of these investments could not be financed by share issues and
therefore the Group’s debt has substantially increased during
this period.

At the end of 2002, France Telecom started a large-scale
refinancing plan for its debt to reinforce its balance sheet, as well
as an operational improvements program, the success of which
has allowed the Group to develop a global integrated-operator
strategy by anticipating changes in the telecommunications
industry.

This strategy was carried out at the end of 2003 through the
acquisition of the minority interests in Orange S.A., Wanadoo
and Equant, the implementation of a new Group organization
consistent with this strategy and the launch of new offers at a
sustained pace.

In 2005, France Telecom acquired 80% of the capital of Spanish
mobile operator Amena, whose activities were then regrouped
with the fixed and Internet activities of France Telecom in Spain
into a single entity operating under the Orange brand. In 2008
and 2009, France Telecom acquired almost all of the remaining
capital of France Telecom Espafia.

In parallel, France Telecom has streamlined its asset portfolio
by selling non-strategic subsidiaries or holdings such as
Casema, Eutelsat, Wind, Compania de Telecomunicaciones
de El Salvador, Telecom Argentina, Noos, Bitco (Thailand),
Orange Denmark, ST Microelectronics, Télédiffusion de France
(TDF), Intelsat, as well as its mobile and Internet activities in the
Netherlands.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

23
24

information about the issuer
INVESTMENTS

O

Furthermore, PagesJaunes, the Group’s directories Subsidiary,
was floated on the Paris stock exchange in 2004, and the
balance of the France Telecom stake was sold in 2006.

n 2006, “Orange” became the single brand of the Group for
nternet, television and mobile services in most countries where
he Group operates, and “Orange Business Services” the brand
or services offered to businesses throughout the world.

As of 2007, France Telecom-Orange has pursued a selective
acquisition policy mainly focused on emerging markets (in
particular Africa and the Middle East), while also attempting
O grasp opportunities for consolidation in markets where the
Group was already present. Thus, in December 2010, France
Telecom acquired a 40% stake in the Moroccan operator Méditel
and a 100% stake in the mobile operator Congo Chine Telecom,
in the Democratic Republic of Congo, in October 2011. It also
increased its indirect stake in the Egyptian operator ECMS,
which rose from 36% to 94% in April 2012. The Group also
signed agreements with Deutsche Telekom which led to the
creation of the joint venture Everything Everywhere in the
United Kingdom on April 1, 2010 and disposed of TP Emitel, a
subsidiary of TP S.A. in Poland in June 2011, of Orange Suisse
in February 2012 and Orange Austria in January 2013.

5.2 INVESTMENTS

In July 2010, the Group launched a new strategic plan,
“Conquest 2015”. This initiative is aimed at its employees,
customers and shareholders as well as, on a larger scale, at the
society in which the Company operates. For more information
on France Telecom-Orange’s strategy, see section 6.2 France
Telecom-Orange’s strategy.

The introduction to section 6.3 Overview of business provides
information on France Telecom-Orange’s competitive position in
its various markets.

The Company’s stock has been listed since October 1997 on
both Euronext Paris and the New York Stock Exchange. The
isting was part of the French State’s disposal of 25% of its
shares to the general public and France Telecom employees.
The French State’s interest was subsequently reduced in
steps to 53.1% prior to the Act of December 31, 2003 on
elecommunications public service obligations and on France
Telecom, which authorized the Company’s privatization,
eventually taking place on September 7, 2004 when the French
State sold an additional 10.85%. As of December 31, 2012, the
French State held, directly or together with Fonds Stratégique
d’Investissement, 26.94% of France Telecom S.A.’s_ share
capital.

See section 9.1.2.5 Group capital expenditures.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
overview of the group’s business

6.1. THE TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES MARKET 26
6.2 FRANCE TELECOM-ORANGE STRATEGY 29
6.3 OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS 32
6.3.1 France 33
6.3.2 Poland 46
6.3.3 Spain 55
6.3.4 Rest of the World 66
6.3.5 Enterprise Communications Services 101
6.3.6 International Carriers and Shared Services 109
6.4 EXCEPTIONAL EVENTS 116
6.5 DEPENDENCY ON PATENTS 116
6.6 REGULATIONS 116
6.7 SUPPLIERS 132
6.8 INSURANCE 133

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 25
overview of the group s business
THE TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES MARKET

This chapter contains forward-looking statements about France
Telecom-Orange, particularly section! 6.2 | France Telecom-
Orange s Strategy and section!6.3 Overview of Business , under
Outlook. These forward-looking statements are subject to
numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results

to differ materially from the results anticipated in the forward-
looking statements. The most signi cant risks are described in
section!4 Risk factors. Please also consult information under
the heading Forward-looking information at the start of this
document.

6.1 THE TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES MARKET

Overall background of the Digital Market

Z FIGURE!1: GEOGRAPHICAL BREAKDOWN OF TOTAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS MARKET REVENUES, IN BILLIONS OF EUROS

-@ Europe
~2e 304 302 298
wb a> a

oe

2012/2011 »

North America

USA 42.5% +2:2% )

Others

Italy
France

United Kingdom0.5% -0.4%

2012/2011
GDP

World 2012/2011

Telecom

2010
!1,056bn.

2011
11,086bn

2012 | Telecom GDP
'LlSbn 42.7% +3.3%

+0.2% 40.9%

252 260 266 Picont™ene (0 GE ey Russia 45.2% 43.7%
Canada Spain -1.1% -15%
+1.3% +1.9% -3.7% -2.3%

-4.2% +0.1%

2010 2011 2012

Wl wl

2012/2011
Telecom GDP

Latin America
119 15 121

Africa and Middle East

2010 2011 2012

Asia and Paci c 2012/2011
319 332 346 Telecom GDP
il Others 44.5%  +4.0%
India +7.7%  +4.9%
2012/2011 China +9.8%  +7.8%
Telecom GDP
48.5%  +5.2% Japan -1.2%7 %42.2%

Others +6.7% +4.0%
zil +3.0% +1.5%

¥.

crs

2010 2011 2012

Source: Idate!— IMF

The growth of revenues in the global telecommunications
services market slowed slightly, falling from 3.2% in 2011 to
2.7% in 2012 (Figure! 1). However, there are some exceptions.
On the one hand, emerging countries such as India and Brazil
continue to have high growth rates, even though these have
slowed. Likewise, the growth rate in the Africa Middle East
region and China was 8.5% and 9.8%, respectively (Figure!1). In
contrast, the majority of countries in Europe and Japan still have
weak or even negative growth rates, while the United States
was the only developed country with positive growth.

26 2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT /FRANCE TELECOM

2010 2011 2012

Lig

The global market is still led by the growth in the number of
mobile data services. For example, more than 50% of Internet
users access Facebook from their cell phones. However, the
growth in volume and value of these services is tailing off as
a result of competition, regulations and high penetration levels
(Figure!2).
Telecommunications Sector
Developments

Global GDP fell to 3.3% in 2012, from 4% in 2011. This change
reflects both the continuing economic crisis in Europe (European
GDP grew by only 0.6% - a quarter of that seen in 2011) and
he structural slackening of emerging countries (Brazil, India and
China). Africa Middle East region is one of the only regions to
have recorded GDP growth (6.2% compared to 4.4% in 2011),
along with the United States (2.2% compared to 1.5% in 2011)
source IMF, October 2012).

Against this economic backdrop, the growth in the global
elecommunications services market slowed down in 2012,
with growth of 2.7%, a decrease of 0.5 points compared
© 2011. Cell phone revenues grew in all regions apart from
Europe (where they fell by 0.3%) (Figure 3). The decrease in
European cell phone operator revenues is even more striking
when compared to the 4.7% increase their US counterparts
enjoyed in 2012.

Despite the difficult context, which was made worse by pressure
on operator margins and investments, the sector is still growing,
particularly data traffic as a result of the roll out of fixed and
mobile high capacity broadband networks and the investments
made in accessing new generation networks. For example, it
is estimated that Internet video traffic will account for 55% of
consumer Internet traffic in 2016, i.e. a51% increase compared
‘© 2011 (source: Cisco, VNI 2011-2016).

n parallel, the massive take-up in developed economies of new
connected handsets, particularly smartphones and tablets, has
contributed to the increased use. Smartphones are therefore
expected to account for 72% of all handset sales by 2015
source: Analysis Mason, September 2012).

The markets

Previous trends have continued, such as the replacing of fixed line
with cell phones, technological innovation and the development
of broadband and high capacity mobile broadband:

m the decline in fixed-line phones continues worldwide. The
replacement of fixed-line phones by cell phones, along with
a shift toward IP, even in emerging countries, where fixed
infrastructures suffer chronic deficits, explains the drop in the
number of fixed lines being connected, as well as the drop in
the average revenue per line;

m 2012 saw the development of high capacity broadband
cell phones, which are expected to make the market more
dynamic in the future. Mobile broadband was used by 32%
of Internet users worldwide and 24% in developing countries
at the end of 2011 (source: ITU 2012). The growth of this
technology is faster in Asia and the United States than in
Europe. In all regions, priority is given to adapting the mobile
networks in order to support the growth in data traffic, and
video traffic in particular, which is an important growth driver
for operators;

overview of the group’s business
THE TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES MARKET

= Internet services continue to grow, and their importance in
telecommunications services as a whole has slowly but surely
increased. They are still the drivers of growth for the global
ICT market and are expected to increase further still with the
democratization of broadband Internet connectivity for cell
phones.

According to the ITC price basket published by the ITU, the
average cost of Internet services, fixed and mobile, fell by 30%
worldwide between 2008 and 2011. The biggest drop was in
fixed broadband, where average prices fell by 75% during this
same period (source: ITU 2012).

Geographic regions

When looking at trends in different geographic regions, growth
in telecommunications remains very uneven. The Asia Pacific
region now accounts for close to 31% (compared to 29% in
2010) of the 1,115 billion euros of global telecommunications
revenue in 2012, overtaking Europe, which only accounted
for 27% (compared to 28.5% in 2010). The estimated value
of the telecommunication services market in the Africa Middle
East region was 84 billion euros in 2012, a 9% increase on the
previous year. This strong dynamic has allowed the region to
increase its footing on the international scene however, in terms
of value, it still only accounts for 7.5% of the global total. The
mobile penetration rate exceeds 100% in several regions of the
world such as Europe (135%), Latin America (116%) and North
America (103%). Also, according to the OECD, almost 70% of
households in the 34 member states are now connected to the
Internet.

Revenues from telecommunications services in mature
markets fell in 2012. This was due to the negative impact of
the macroeconomic situation, saturation of the markets and
the transfer of value to other ITC segments (content services
and Internet services such as Cloud Computing). In Europe, the
economic recovery did not take place and this had an impact
on purchasing and spending power, while the competition
continued between low price operators and operators of
Internet communication applications (Skype, WhatsApp,
Viber). The United States was the only developed country with
increased telecommunication revenues (2.5%). This is due to
the boom in mobile data and the growth of broadband Internet.

'7 FIGURE!2: PENETRATION OF CELL PHONES AND BROADBAND
INTERNET IN 2012 (AS A % OF THE POPULATION)

Europe: 135%
24.5%

Latin 116.1%

Americ: 8.7%

North 103.3%
Americ: 30%

Asia 85.2%

Paci c |) 7.5%

Africa an 80%
Middle Eas} 1 4a,

© Mobile @ Broadband internet

Source: Idate

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

27
28

overview of the group’s business
THE TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES MARKET

6

At the height of the economic crisis, emerging markets
continued to grow, although at a slower rate than previously.
The Africa Middle East region is one of the only one, apart from
the United States, with growing GDP in 2012 (growth of 5.2%
compared to 4.4% in 2011).

In Africa, telecommunications gained significant importance
in the economies of the majority of countries. Worldwide, the
growth of telecommunications services was much stronger
than economic growth in general (Figure 1). The growth of
the telecommunications sector in this region is linked to
demographic growth and an increased penetration rate. Voice
continues to grow and there is significant potential for the
growth of data communications; the region has more than
one billion inhabitants and the Internet penetration rate is still
very low. Value-added services such as new mobile payment
services make this a dynamic and innovative market.

Latin America, despite advanced maturity in terms of services,
also has good growth potential. Deregulation has created a
strong growth dynamic for equipment and usage growth. Yearly
growth of mobile services is still very high. Also, the dynamic
economy has sustained increased demand, although some
countries such as Brazil have seen a net slowing in their activity
for a few years now. Furthermore, the drop in revenues from
fixed services has stabilized and there has been a very smal
increase in the broadband Internet penetration rate.

The Asia Pacific region, which covers developed and
emerging countries, still has high potential and has the
highest telecommunications service revenues in the world,
approximately 350 billion euros. The growth of this marke
slowed slightly in 2012 with some strong differences: Japan has
not grown since the mid-2000s and continues to drop (1.2%
decrease), while China’s growth is higher than in 2011, and
India’s growth rate has slowed significantly (7.7% compared
to 15.9% in 2011). Globally, the decline in fixed-line telephony
services has accelerated (a fall of 10.7% compared to 5.7% in
2011), while mobile growth slowed (7.6% compared to 9.3%
in 2011), along with Internet growth (4.9% compared to 7.9%
in 2011).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

'/ FIGURE!3: ANNUAL GROWTH IN TELECOM REVENUES IN 2012

18.2%

® Fixed telephony M™ Mobile Internet and Business data

9.4%

7.6% 7.9% soe
4.9%
0.5%
-3.2%

8.1%

4.7%
2.7%

-7.5% -74%
-10.7%
Europe North Asia Latin Africa
America Paci c America and Middle East

Source: Idate

Prospects and trends in the
telecommunications service market

Growth is expected to continue in emerging countries, in
contrast with trends in the rest of the world. According to
various analyses, telecommunications revenues are expected
to increase at least five times faster in this region than in
developed countries in 2013. This will mean that mobile service
revenues in emerging markets will be higher than those in
developed markets by 2015. The number of mobile customers
worldwide is expected to reach 7 billion in 2013, the same as
he population, while the number of mobile customers in Africa
iddle East is expected to exceed a billion (source: Pyramid
Research).

n Europe, previous trends are expected to continue. The
elecommunications market is still dynamic in terms of
volume and innovation, but generates less value due to stiffer
competition. This leads to pressure on margins and investments,
as roll out of fixed and mobile high capacity broadband networks
has to take place to cope with increasing traffic and respond to
he challenges posed by Internet giants. Against this backdrop,
one of the major challenges for operators is to capture the
value linked to the growth in usage and monetize data flows.
They also need to streamline their cost structures to be able
0 finance their development and grasp growth opportunities.

Competition will remain fierce, especially with over the top (OTT)
players such as Google, Amazon, Microsoft (Skype) and Apple,
which are a threat to telecommunication operator revenues
or services such as voice over IP or text messages. OVUM
estimates that the use of messaging services on social media
has cost 23 billion dollars in lost text message revenue for
operators in 2012, and could reach over 50 billion dollars by
2016. Operators are attempting to respond to this challenge
by launching their own services based on the OTT model, such
as the Joyn unified communications service adopted by the
France Telecom-Orange Group. In parallel, alliances between
operators and OTT players are expected to increase in a spirit of

cooperation. Mobile broadband is the biggest growth driver for
operators. This segment is predicted to grow by close to 19.2%
per year between 2013 and 2016, and generate 123 billion
dollars of additional revenue (source: OVUM). Other growth
opportunities for operators include developing Cloud systems,
2M, the Internet of things, TV and video and digital games.

lew generation 4G LTE networks are also expected to be rolled
out all over the world, especially in emerging countries. Asia has
aken the lead in rolling out LTE and accounts for over a third of
he world’s customers with access to this technology. Europe,
with its slower roll out pace, is expected to more than double its
LTE customer base in 2013 (source: Pyramid Research 2012).

Finally, the adoption of joint investment models and network
sharing between operators is expected to accelerate under
he pressure of lack of frequencies and rising network roll
out costs. Regulation authorities are expected to favor this

overview of the group’s business
FRANCE TELECOM-ORANGE STRATEGY

type of movement and pooling could therefore accelerate in
the European mobile sector (Germany, Italy, Spain) and in the
United States.

‘7 FIGURE!4: ESTIMATED GROWTH IN IP TRAFFIC BETWEEN 2011
AND 2016

80.5

@ Consumer Mobile Da
Consumer Managed I

® Consumer Internet

™@ Business Mobile Date

» Bu Managed IP

@ Business Internet

28.0

37.6
UJ

2013

Q
S
is

2011 2012 2014 2015 2016

Source: Cisco VNI 2011-2016

6.2 FRANCE TELECOM-ORANGE STRATEGY

On July 1, 2010 Stéphane Richard launched conquests 2015,
he France Telecom-Orange strategic project. It is the product
of a broad collaboration among the Group’s various countries
and corporate functions, and sets forth its goals in each of
our key areas: people, customers, networks, and international
development.

n 2012 France Telecom-Orange continued to implement its
adapt to conquer strategic roadmap, which breaks down
he Conquest 2015 goals into specific action items and
quantifiable targets. The Group’s ambition is to build the solid
oundation it needs to meet the challenges of tomorrow’s
complex, constantly-shifting regulatory, competitive, business,
and technological environments.

The Business Environment

France Telecom-Orange’s business model is shaped by its
constantly-shifting business environment, which raises new
challenges as well as growth opportunities:

a the explosion in demand for telecom services, fuelled largely
by today’s multi-screen consumers, ubiquitous Internet
connectivity, and profusion of online services—especially
through social networks—constitutes a major growth driver
for the Group;

= heightened competition in several of the Group’s markets is
forcing it to differentiate itself from its peers. Technological
breakthroughs like the transition to everything-over-IP are

driving convergence between computers and networks and
between fixed-line, mobile, and Internet services, requiring
the Group to remain at the cutting edge of the latest
advancements;

m= tough regulatory pressure on call termination and roaming
rates and tighter standards on consumer data protection
and net neutrality mean that the Group must stay on top of
the latest regulations and continuously adapt its operations
accordingly.

To respond to these challenges, seize new opportunities, and
penetrate promising new markets and regions, France Telecom-
Orange can capitalize on world-class assets such as:

a its talents: 172,000 employees around the world;

a its networks: a 2-billion-euro investment by 2015 to roll out
fiber in France’s highly populated areas, a 4G network, and
submarine cables;

a its customers: 230.7 million at December 31, 2012;

= a strong local presence in 33 countries with 7,000 Orange
shops worldwide (including 1,200 in France);

= apowerful brand: Orange is the eighth-most valuable telecom
brand worldwide, worth some 15.4 billion dollars (Source:
Millward Brown).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

29
30

overview of the group’s business
FRANCE TELECOM-ORANGE STRATEGY

Conquest 2015 our Strategic Project

Conquests 2015 will leverage France Telecom-Orange’s unique strengths to seize these growth opportunities. The project focuses on
four key areas: people, customers, networks, and international development.

The Group has set ambitious objectives in each of these areas.

People Networks Customers International development

= adopt a proactive, responsible = expand coverage and boost = support customers in today’s = serve 300 million customers
HR policy connection speeds to digital age by 2015

= train our managers and empower support the explosion = enhance the content we offer m= double revenues from
them in usages and data = leverage our capacity for emerging countries by 2015

provide career and skills development = continuously improve
support for all employees our service quality

foster a healthy, constructive working m= create value from our
environment connectivity services

Adapt toConquer our Strategic plan

The Group’s adapt to Conquer strategic plan consists of a
series of operational programs launched in 2011 with the goal
of speeding project implementation. These programs are being
rolled out over different periods. The Group’s country operations
and other divisions are also implementing their own action plans
to meet their specific Conquests 2015 objectives.

The Operational Programs

The hard-working men and women at France Telecom-
Orange are the key to the Group’s success. To support their
development, the Group introduced a new social contract in
2010 with concrete measures based on agreements with trade
unions and feedback from collective meetings and Group-wide
assemblies. This was followed in 2011 with the Group-wide
Orange People Charter.

Another key element of France Telecom-Orange’s strategy is
customer-focused innovation, which gives the Group a lasting
competitive advantage and opens the door to new growth
drivers. Anticipating new consumer habits, identifying the next
breakthrough technologies, and putting its resources behind the
most promising advancements, the Group recently restructured
its innovation chain under the Nova+ program to make full use
of its solid capacity in this area.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

innovation to develop new and increase revenues from

services the Business segment to
= protect our customers’ data one billion euros by 2015
privacy

France Telecom-Orange has also established a framework
outlining priorities for its research and innovation efforts. It
covers seven innovation fields; five involve developing cutting-
edge products and services and two involve leveraging the
Group’s strengths:

= innovate in the Group’s existing activities to grow revenues
from communication services and from monetizing data
services;

m= innovate in new markets and their ecosystems, to spur
revenue growth in fields like security, safety, privacy, cloud
services, and the Internet of things;

= innovate to develop and transform France Telecom-Orange’s
strengths and meet the challenges and opportunities in the
fields of smart networks and the Orange Universe (providing an
unparalleled customer experience that is coherent across all
devices thanks to the Orange user interface, the aggregation
of the best content and services, multi-screen distribution,
access convergence) and an intensive partnership strategy.

The Group has set up a new organization-wide project
management system for six of its strategic priorities —the
Orange user interface, content aggregation, seamless wireless
access, payment and contactless, smart cities and smart
networks for wholesale—in order to speed their development.
The other strategic priorities like cloud computing and the
monetization of data services will be managed as before.
France Telecom-Orange has also implemented two programs
to cut costs and streamline operations:

= Chrysalid, designed to stem profit margin erosion and respond
to the tighter competition in the Group’s markets. It involves
identifying best practices and inventive business models, and
applying them across the organization insofar as possible.
The target for this initiative—set even higher in late 2012—is
to slow the increase in the Group’s costs from 2011-2015 by
3 billion euros. In 2012 the Group was on track to meet this
target and should meet the interim target of generating 60%
of these cost savings by the end of 2013;

m= Customer Experience 2015, designed to make France
Telecom-Orange the leader in customer service by 2015. This
initiative was launched in 2011 in all European and AMEA
countries where the Group operates. It focuses on: service
quality; a simplified, segmented product line-up; hassle-
free selling and customer service in all distribution channels;
support throughout a customer’s lifetime with Orange; and
recognition of customer loyalty.

2013 our Strategic Priorities

France Telecom-Orange will focus on three key elements of its
strategy in 2013:

m= networks

Networks are at the core of the Group’s business and expertise,
and represent a major growth driver. That’s why they constitute
a priority focus area for the Conquests 2015 strategic project. In
2013 the Group will continue to invest in network improvements
to enhance service quality, accommodate the surge in traffic
stemming from shifting consumer habits and the rollout of high-
speed broadband, and monetize the added value of “smart”
networks for other operators and content developers. The
Group will also continue to share networks with other operators,
while making sure that this does not impact its service quality or
its ability to stand apart from its competitors.

overview of the group’s business
FRANCE TELECOM-ORANGE STRATEGY

= customer experience

Providing an unparalleled customer experience is the key
0 building a loyal customer base, tapping into new sources
of growth, and creating recurring revenue streams. In today’s
competitive environment, this means offering customers an
easy-to-understand product line-up with options that meet
heir specific needs. It also means providing excellent quality
with mobilized staff at customers’ service. The sharing of best
practices (like using shared services platforms that save time
and money in new product development), the commitment
of all its employees, and the guarantee of a simple, coherent
customer experience for converged services, are fundamental
or France Telecom-Orange to become the benchmark operator
in terms of customer experience and service quality in 2015.

= innovation

To meet the aforementioned challenges, France Telecom-
Orange’s solid capacity for innovation is one of its main strengths.
This capacity relates to networks, rich communication services
(RCS), and data monetization technology, thanks to the Group’s
role in driving innovation in all these areas.

Innovation in the following new fields should bring in additional
revenues and expand the Group’s margins starting in 2014:

= Cloud computing, with a target of 500 million euros of
revenues by 2015,

= Machine to Machine (M2M) technology, where the Group
is a benchmark partner thanks to its reliable service,
customized and packaged solutions, and coverage suited
to customers’ needs. The target is to reach 10 million SIM
cards by 2015,

= contactless (NFC) and mobile payment technologies, and
in deepening the success of Orange Money in the AMEA
region.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

31
32

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

6.3 OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Revenues
2.6%
Carriers & Shared Services ; : 7.6%
15.1% —— United Kingdoth © 7

. qv
Business ~~

V4

Mobiles customers

Broadband Internet customers

6.2% 43%
Rest of the ~ .
15.8% World United Kingdoth
France vw

\

\ 47.2%
& France \
& 74%
143.5 60.6% | 1172.4 | Spain 114.91
\ “a4: Rest } “a4 } \ “a4
18.2% y billions ofthe | millions 4 8.6% 9.4% ¥ millions
of the on Poland Spain
Wari \ & \ / bi 66.4%
\ \ J VY, ‘rance
11% ~~ - —
Poland 9.2%
Spain

(1) The Everything Everywhere customer base in the UK is 50% consolidated in the France Telecom-Orange customer base.

At the end of 2012, the France Telecom-Orange Group
grew its worldwide customer base by 2.3% year-on-year to
230.7 million, adding an additional 5.2 million customers,
including 172.4 million cell phone customers (excluding MVNOs)
(up 3.5%) and 14.9 million broadband customers (up 3.4%).

This increase primarily reflects the growth of mobile phone
services in Africa and the Middle East, where numbers rose
9.4% to 81.6 million customers as at December 31, 2012,
(an additional 7 million cell phone customers). Other countries
contributing significantly include Poland, where Orange added
237,000 customers, Spain, gaining 176,000 customers,
Moldova, with an additional 162,000 and the Dominican
Republic where customer numbers grew by 108,000. The
increase in customer numbers was also substantial in France
in the mobile segment (an additional 100,000 customers), given
the fiercer competition in the market.

The number of broadband customers rose by 3.4% per year to
14.9 million at 31 December, 2012, with an additional 494,000
customers, 295,000 of which are in France and 131,000 in
Spain. Gains were also made in Slovakia, Egypt and Jordan.
Fixed-line broadband connections at December 31, 2012
include 234,000 fiber-optic connections, 176,000 of which are
in France and 56,000 in Slovakia.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Digital TV (IPTV and satellite) was up 15% in Europe to 5.9 million
subscribers at December 31, 2102 (+770,000 customers in a
year), chiefly in France and in Poland, but also in Slovakia and
Spain.

n Africa, the Orange Money app is now sold in 13 countries and
has 5.6 million customers, an increase of 2.4 million in 2012.

n 2012, the Group generated 43.5 billion euros in revenue.

The Group’s business is presented in the Registration Document,
broken down into the following operating segments: France,
Poland, Spain, Rest of the World, Enterprise Communication
Services, International Carriers and Shared Services. The
inancial indicators mentioned in this chapter, such as Ebitda
and Capex, are financial aggregates that are not defined by
FRS. For more information, see Chapter 9, section 9.1.5.4 and
he Financial glossary appendix. Unless otherwise indicated, the
market shares indicated in this chapter correspond to market
shares in terms of volume.

overview of the group’s business 6
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

France

6.3.1 France

6.3.1.1. The Telecom Services Market
"7 KEY MACROECONOMIC INDICATORS

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 63.4 65.2 64.9
Households (in millions) 27.6 27.4 27.1
Growth in GDP (%) +0.2% +1.7% +1.5%
GDP per capita (in dollars PPP) 35,520 35,049 33,910
Change in consumption per household (%) -0.1% 0.3% 1.4%
Sources: IMF — INSEE
‘7 TELECOM SERVICES RETAIL MARKET REVENUES Impacted by the crisis in the Euro zone, the French economy

(N!BILLIONS!OF EUROS) avoided slipping into recession in 2012, despite the slowdown

408 in the economy, a decline in business investment and stagnating

aI 39.7 household consumption. GDP growth in 2012 is estimated
3.7 ro at +0.2% compared with +1.7% in 2011 (source: INSEE,
: October 2012).
63 56

After an initial slowdown in 2011, related to not passing
o7 10.2 on the higher VAT rate to customers on their bills, the
i Value-added services telecommunications market continued to contract in 2012 with
lm Data transfer revenues falling 4.8% year-on-year (Source: Arcep, January 10,

19.0 18.0 @ Narrowband 2013).

Broadband

© Mobile Telephony At September end, 2012, revenue from fixed-line services
011 2012 continued to fall (down -1.7% year-on-year, source: Arcep,

January 10, 2013), due to the continued erosion in narrow-band
services, which was not offset by the growth in revenue from
broadband services.

Source: Arcep (year-on-year cumulative to Q3 2012)

'7 NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (IN MILLIONS)
Mobile services revenue continued the decline started in 2011

SUBSCRIPTIONS (-2.8%) to fall -6.2% year-on-year to end-September (source:

(in millions) Arcep, January 10, 2013). The increased VAT on broadcast
access, effective from February 1, 2011 in France (and

not passed on to the customer), the introduction of more

68.6 720 commitment-free packages and lower prices all contributed to
accelerating this downward trend.
40.0 39.4
if
2011 = - 2012 2011 = 2012 2011-2012
Fixed-Line Internet Fixed-Line Telephony Mobile Telephony

Source: Arcep (Q3 2012)

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 33
34

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Fixed-line telephony market

France

'7 NARROWBAND
2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of euros) 5,620 6,310 7,329
o/w PSTN access 3,674 8,979 4,372
o/w PSTN communications 1,830 2,170 2,717
o/w narrowband Internet 22 30 46
o/w other (phone cards and public phones) 94 131 194
Number of subscriptions (in millions) 39.4 40.0 40.4
PSTN 17.6 19.3 21.5
VoIP 21.8 20.8 18.9
o/w VoIP-only 16.2 14.8 12.6
Traf c 112,026 111,845 111,768
PSTN traffic (in millions of minutes) 34,437 39,761 47,402
VoIP traffic (in millions of minutes) 77,589 72,084 64,366

Source: Arcep (Q8 results 2012 - year-on-year cumulative for revenue and traffic in 2012)

Revenues generated by fixed-line narrowband services
continued to decline (down -14.1% year-on-year at end-
September 2012), driven down by the drop in subscriptions and
in narrowband call volumes as customers opt for VoIP services
(posted under broadband revenues).

The fall-off in the number of subscriptions continued (-1.7%
year-on-year), as the proportion of calls using Internet telephony
or VoIP increased (65% at end-September 2012, compared with

‘7 BROADBAND AND HIGH- SPEED BROADBAND

52% at end-December 2012). The introduction of attractive dual-
play, triple-play and quadruple-play packages is set to ensure
this trend continues. However, the annual pace of growth is
slowing steadily (+7.2% year-on-year at end-September 2012,
vs. +9.8% at end-December 2011), and no longer offsets the
decline in switched network subscriber numbers.

2012 2012010 2012010
Revenues (in millions of euros) 10,223 9,728 9,213
o/w Internet access and VoIP service 8,477 8,005 7,578
o/w billed VoIP calls 562 668 755
o/w other Internet access revenues 1,184 1,055 880
Number of subscriptions (in millions) 23.6 22.7 21.3
Broadband 22.1 21.4 20.9
o/w ADSL 21.7 21.0 19.9
o/w other broadband subscriptions 0.4 0.4 1.0
High-speed broadband 1.5 1.3 0.5
Number of IPTV subscriptions (in millions) 13.2 12.2 10.7
% of IPTV over ADSL access 60.8% 58.1% 53.8%

Source: Arcep (Q8 results 2012 - year-on-year cumulative for revenue in 2012)

The number of broadband and high-speed broadband accounts
continued to climb steadily at end-September 2012 (+5.7%),
although at a slightly slower pace than the +6.6% at the end of
December 2011. Of the 23.6 million broadband customers, the
number with TV access grew 12.7% to 13.2 million in the year.
ADSL accounts for 91.9% of Internet access, while high-speed
broadband (including fiber optic) rose 10.5% in nine months
with 1.5 million accounts at end-September 2012.

Television over ADSL has experienced strong growth, with the
proportion of ADSL subscribers taking a television service up
4.1 points annually to 60.8% at end-September 2012.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Growth in revenues generated by broadband and high-speed
broadband continued at a rate of +6.8% year-on-year to end-
September (compared with +5.6% at end-December 2011), as
the number of subscribers increased. However, the expansion of
offers proposed by many providers that include unlimited calling
to mobile phones from modemn/routers eroded this trend as the
percentage of out-of-bundle calls shrank. Packages including
unlimited VoIP calls to fixed-lines and mobiles in mainland
France introduced early in 2011 have increased across the
market. Revenues from ISP and out-of-bundle VoIP calls, which
represent 88.4% of total broadband and high-speed broadband
revenues, grew by 5.8% (year-on-year to end-September).
During 2012, bundled packages became firmly rooted in the
French market, with offers including fixed-line telephony, mobile,
Internet and television services. The spread of Internet access

Mobile telephony market

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

France

has gone hand-in-hand with the type of Web use fostered by

the growth of social networks, TV, as well as music and video
downloads.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of euros - excluding revenues from incoming calls) 18,039 18,966 19,511
o/w voice 12,637 13,744 15,006
o/w messaging (SMS, MMS) 2,642 2,617 2,416
o/w data access 2,760 2,605 2,089
Number of customers (in millions) 72.0 68.6 65.1
o/w subscription 53.5 49.0 46.4
incl. prepaid 18.5 19.6 18.7
o/w active 3G customer base 31.5 27.7 22.9
o/w data subscribers only 3.3 3.2 2.7
Average bill (euros per month, year-on-year) 21.6 24.1 26.7
Traffic (in millions)
minutes from mobile phones 113,906 105,629 103,285
number of SMS 176,546 147,036 103,186
AUPU (in minutes per month) 135 132 137

Source: Arcep (Q8 results 2012 - year-on-year cumulative for revenue and traffic in 2012)

The number of subscribers to mobile telephone services
(number of SIM cards in use) was 72 million at the end of the
third quarter of 2012, a yearly increase of 7.4% vs. 5.4% at
the end of 2011. The mobile penetration rate was 110.3% at
end-September 2012 (source: Arcep, Q3 2012) an increase of
7 points year-on-year.

The number of subscribers rose a strong 11.2% in the year,
with almost 6 additional percentage points added in nine
months. The entry of a fourth mobile operator to the French
market in January 2012, positioned solely in the subscription
segment, accelerated the growth of contract customers, to the
detriment of prepaid cards. The percentage of customers with
voice or voice-data contracts grew substantially (+9.5%) year-
on-year (source: Arcep, January 2013), while capped contracts
declined considerably (-14.3% year-on-year vs. -4.1% at end-
December 2011). The growth of unlimited plans at equivalent
or lower rates than capped contracts attracted cost-conscious
subscribers anxious to avoid incurring additional out-of-bundle
charges.

Conversely, the year saw a marked decline in prepaid cards,
with negative growth of -2.2% at the end of September 2012,
compared with positive 4.9% at the end of December 2011.
With the introduction of commitment-free plans, offering more
flexibility at lower rates, some consumers have migrated from
prepaid cards to these entry-level plans.

3G continues to grow at a robust pace (+19.5%), dynamized by
the development of multimedia handsets or smartphones with
packages offering unlimited mobile Internet access. According
to Arcep, 45.6% of active customers used multimedia services
at end-September 2012 (voice, TV, video telephony, data
transfer, and dedicated Internet SIM cards).

Mobile call traffic has risen 7.7% (calculated year-on-year)
gaining almost four points compared with 2011, a trend
explained by the growth in unlimited voice calls with the arrival
of Free Mobile. However, annual growth in SMS traffic has
slowed (from +49.5% at end-September 2011 to +29% in
2012) reflecting the maturity of unlimited text offers present in
the market for several years now.

The annual decline in revenues from mobile services has
accelerated (-6.2% at end-September 2012 vs. -2.8% at end-
2011). Impacted in 2011 by the increase in VAT on broadcast
access services, 2012 revenues were hit by lower prices, the
development of new commitment-free contract plans and the
inclusion of unlimited offers in contracts.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

35
36

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

6.3.1.2 The Competitive Environment

France

Fixed-line telephony and Internet
‘7 BROADBAND INTERNET MARKET SHARE

77 i 8.9 ; 97
1.2 1 0.9

7 1s 4p

2010 2011 2012

®@ Full unbundling
Partial unbundling
© Bitstream

Source: France Telecom-Orange estimates (2012 data as of end-September)

France Telecom-Orange leads the French broadband market,
ahead of its competitors, Free, SFR, Bouygues Télécom,
and Numericable, with a 41.6% market share at the end of
September 2012, down slightly year-on-year (-0.7 points).
The year was marked by the integration of Darty Télécom’s
282,000 customers in Bouygues Télécom’s customer base in
the third quarter (source: Bouygues Télécom, November 2012).

Orange is the market leader in the bundled packages segment,
with more than 3 million customers subscribed to its Open
package at the end of 2012. Bouygues Télécom and to a lesser
degree, Numericable, also offer this type of package, while
SFR and Free work on a discount basis, offering lower rates to
customers who take out a mobile contract and a broadband
contract with the same operator.

All operators in the French market offer new-generation boxes
to their customers, providing access to an improved television
package through a high-definition interface with easy TV catch-
up navigation, and access to a catalog of films and video on
demand (VOD). Customers can also opt for cloud gaming. 2012
saw the introduction of Social TV, a technology that allows
instant social media interaction via the television set.

High speed broadband

Operators entered into cooperation agreements for the roll-out
of fiber-optic networks for high-speed broadband, with a range
of different joint-investment and resource-sharing signed in
2011 and 2012 between the four main telecoms in the market,
Orange, SFR, Free, and Bouygues Telecom, to develop FTTH
networks in France.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Mobile Telephony

‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE
16% 18% _ 1 T%
7.2% 11.0% 6.1
170% 16.5% 10.9%
15.3% @ Other
BF
32.8% 31.3% 29.0% ee
MVNO
~ Bouygues
41.4% 39.5% 37.0% @ SFR
@ Orange
2010 2011 2012

Source: France Telecom-Orange estimates (2012 data as of end-September)

2012 saw the entry of a fourth operator, Free Mobile, into the
competitive landscape.

In addition, there were a number of tie-ups in the year, such
as the purchase by Bouygues Télécom of Darty Télécom’s and
Simyo’s customer bases (64,000 and 103,000 customers,
respectively) in the third quarter of 2012 (source: Bouygues
Télécom, November 2012). In September 2012, Orange and
Carrefour revised their partnership model and switched from an
MVNO to a brand license model.

France Telecom-Orange has retained its leadership position
in the French mobile market, ahead of competitors SFR,
Bouygues Télécom, Free Mobile, and other MVNOs. It had 37%
of the market at the end of September 2012, down slightly year-
on-year (-2.7 points), according to its own estimates.

Segmentation of the subscription market intensified in 2012,
with the development of a low-end offer segment, illustrated
by commitment-free SIM-only plans, contrasting with the high
end, where operators offer handset subsidies and a dedicated
range of services.

As a result, new brands have become firmly established in
he competitive landscape, including Sosh (Orange), B&You
Bouygues Télécom), Red (SFR), Joe Mobile (MVNO), and Free

obile, characterized by Web-based distribution and offering
customers commitment-free, SIM-only plans (with no handset
subsidy). Plans generally include unlimited “voice” calls and
exts and a range of data offers, with the standard at roughly
3 GB per month. Operators also sell handsets, in addition to
his type of plan.

Operators have also beefed up their services in the subsidized
handset market and adapted their pricing policy: Orange
introduced its Origami plans with Zen, Star and Jet levels, while
SFR offers Silver, Gold and Platinum plans.

n contrast, the prepaid market contracted by some 5.5% in the
irst nine months of 2012 (source: Arcep Market Observatory,
January 2013). Against this backdrop, operators have adapted
heir packages to new customer demand, offering unlimited
op-ups for both calls and text, as well as prepaid cards with
no expiration date limit. Nonetheless, the low-cost international
calls segment of the prepaid market remains very dynamic, with
a number of operators offering this type of community service
© international destinations (Ortel, Lycamobile, Lebara and
BuzzMobile).

6.3.1.3 Orange France’s activities
'7 FINANCIAL INDICATORS

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

France

Lastly, in the wholesale market, the introduction of Full MVNO
agreements between network and virtual operators in 2011
continued in 2012. Lycamobile signed an agreement with
Bouygues Télécom in 2011, while Omea Telecom and NRJ
Mobile signed one with SFR. 2012 saw Orange team up with
two partners, Omea Telecom and NRJ Mobile.

(in billions of euros) 2012 2011 2010
Revenues 21.4 22.5 23.3
Fixed-line and Internet 12.4 12.9 13.5
Mobile 10.7 10.9 10.8
EBITDA 6.8 8.6 8.8
as % of revenues 31.8% 38.0% 37.8%
CAPEX 2.7 2.6 2.6
as % of revenues 12.7% 11.6% 11.0%

Source: France Telecom-Orange

France Telecom-Orange provides the following additional
financial indicators for its Internet and fixed-line and mobile
telephony activities in order to compare them with the domestic
data of its peers. These additional indicators do not replace the

indicators in Chapter 9.1 Analysis of the financial position and
earnings, which reflect the monitoring per operation which took
place at Group level.

(in billions of euros) 2012 2011 2010
Fixed-line and Internet EBITDA 3.4 4.9 4.9
Mobile EBITDA 3.3 3.7 3.9
Fixed-line and Internet CAPEX 2.0 2.0 1.9
Mobile CAPEX 0.7 0.6 0.7

Source: France Telecom-Orange

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 37
38

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

France

Fixed telephony and Internet activities
"KEY INDICATORS

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in billions of euros) 12.4 12.9 13.5
Consumer Services 18 7.9 8.4
Wholesale Services 4.4 45 45
Other services 0.4 0.5 0.6
Number of telephone lines (in millions) 30.2 30.0 29.7
o/w retail lines 17.6 18.5 19.6
o/w wholesale lines 12.6 11.4 10.2
Number of Internet customers (in millions) 10.0 9.8 9.4
o/w narrowband 0.1 0.2 0.2
o/w broadband 9.9 9.6 9.2
Voice over IP subscribers 8.4 8.0 7.5
ADSL TV or satellite subscribers 5.1 44 3.5
Pay-TV subscribers 2.2 2.2 2.0
ARPU (in euros per month)
Fixed telephone lines 34.6 34.6 34.9
Broadband Internet 37.3 36.5 87.0

Source: France Telecom-Orange

The range of services in the Home segment in France is made
up of:

= traditional fixed-line telephony and related services (sale and
rental of narrowband handsets);

= online, Internet access, and multimedia services;
m advertising-management and Internet portal business;
= content-related business;

m carrier services.

Traditional Fixed-Line telephony services

and!other consumer services

Orange’s. traditional fixed-line telephony services provide
access to the network, local and long-distance telephone
communication services throughout France, and international
calls. In addition, Orange offers its fixed-line telephony
subscribers a broad range of value-added services.

The price of telephone communications services is subject to
regulation.

Further to the rapid growth in full unbundling, wholesale
subscriptions, and wholesale naked ADSL access to third-
party Internet service providers, traditional telephone service
business is on the decline. This downward trend has stabilized
in terms of both revenues and PSTN connections (-15% and
-13%, respectively, compared with end-December 2011),
reflecting the dynamic marketing strategy deployed in 2012
to simplify offers while offering more comprehensive services.
Since February 2012, all commitment-free Optimale offers
include national and international mobile and fixed-line calls with
a choice of calling times for customers.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Other consumer services (public phones, cards, information
services) have also been slowing for several years. Orange,
while gradually reducing the number of public telephones, does
maintain existing public telephones under Universal Service.
Competition for phone cards is very strong, particularly for
international destinations. In the context of information market
deregulation, Orange, backed by its experience, offers a full
range of telephone information services, organized into multi-
channel voice and Web formats (118712.fr and orange.fr,
“directories” section).

Online Internet access, and Multimedia

services

Along with mobile, Internet and Multimedia is one of the Group’s
growth engines. The Internet market, however, is reaching
maturity, reflected in high customer volatility, accelerated at the
start of the year by Free Mobile’s arrival in the market. To retain
the loyalty of its customers, Orange consistently improves the
quality of its service, simplifies its product range and expands
its range of value-added services (fixed-line to mobile calls,
content, VOD, TV recorder, high-capacity broadband and
Cloud).

(0)

At the end of December 2012, the total number of Internet
customers was 10 million, an annual increase of 2.5%. There
were 8.4 million Liveboxes rented at end-December 2012, up
+4.2% compared with end-December 2011. Orange’s dynamic
sales and marketing policy boosted the success of its Open
quadruple play offers and had 3 million customers at the end
of December 2012, (up from 1.2 million in the same period the
previous year).

With 8.4 million customers at end-December 2012, IP telephony
continued to grow, but at a slightly lower rate of 4.2%, hit by
increased competition in the market.
Television on ADSL and by satellite grew 15.8%, with 5 million
customers at year-end. More and more people in France watch
television programs on media other than their TV screen, with
67% watching programs, sports and films on their computer,
tablet computer or smartphone (source: OTO Research,
May 2012). In response to these changing patterns, France
Telecom-Orange introduced new services in 2012 to use tablets
and smartphones to control TV and store films, photos and
music in the Cloud.

Broadband ARPU also improved (reaching 36.1 euros in the
first three quarters of 2012, and 37.3 euros in the last quarter).
The decrease in IP telephony revenues, due primarily to the
expansion of geographical areas included in unlimited plans
and to the inclusion in new offers of unlimited calling to mobile
devices from a modem, was offset by the increase in revenues
from television and from content.

Revenues from the Internet and on-line services grew 4.9%
year-on-year (on a comparable basis at end-December) and
gained 2.7 points compared with 2011. This is equivalent to
56.9% of all Consumer revenues. This growth stems from the
increase in the number of connections.

In February 2012, Orange also responded positively to the
French government’s request for an Internet package for low-
income households, offering broadband Internet access and
unlimited national fixed-line calls to these customers.

Internet portals and advertising management

business

The Group’s main Internet portal, Orange.fr, has multi-screen
availability: web, mobile and tablet computer. Orange.fr is the
sixth largest Web operator, after Google, Facebook, MSN,
Youtube, Microsoft and Wikipedia, with 20.9 million unique
visitors, representing coverage of 46.9% of Web users
connected at least once a month (source: Nielsen/NetRatings,
France panel, December 2012). On mobile devices, Orange.fr is
in seventh position in terms of audience with 7.9 million unique
visitors, behind Google, Facebook, Youtube, and iTunes (Source:
édiamétrie/NetRatings official panel, December 2012).

These are now the key portals for advertising and relaying
he Group’s range of products and services, in addition to its
physical presence for customers. They are monetized with
income streams generated primarily from advertising, operated
by the Group’s business (Orange Advertising). This advertising
management department sells advertising space for about 20
hird-party sites, both web and mobile. 2012 was a difficult
year for advertising, especially in the second half, and Orange
Advertising was not spared, with 2012 revenues down 6.5%
year-on-year.

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

France

Content-related activities

Orange offers free and paying content services, through
paid program packages, Video On Demand (VOD), SVOD
subscriptions, music and game offers, aimed at increasing the
appeal of services by providing customers with interactive and
delinearized content.

Orange also distributes content provided by third parties
(television, games, music) on fixed-line and mobile networks
both in France and abroad. It distributes its own cinema series
in France either directly, or through third-party distributors since
2012.

Orange is mainly focused on its role of aggregating content,
n line with its new strategy based on developing partnerships
to offer new services for its customers with a focus on multi-
screen, interactivity and on-demand programs. For music
content Orange has a partnership with Deezer. In gaming,
Orange’s range is available on multi-platform (PC, mobile, table
and TV) in partnership with the leading video game publishers
(EA, Ubisoft and Activision) and relies on its network capacities
to offer innovative and attractive content services to its
customers. Orange launched cloud gaming on TV in 2012 and
co-produced the game Alt minds (a transmedia investigation
game).

For more information on offers and content, see the Conten
paragraph of section 6.3.6.2 Shared Services.

Carrier services
Carrier services include interconnection services for competing
operators and unbundling and wholesale market services,
regulated by Arcep. The growth in business on the wholesale
market partially offsets the decline in interconnection service
revenues.

The first wholesale offers available to alternative operators
(national IP offer, regional bitstream offer, and partial unbundling
offer) required that the end customer also have a telephone
subscription with France Telecom-Orange. In 2004, with the
growth in full unbundling, operators were able to start offering
broadband access with no subscription for traditional telephone
services. Since the introduction by France Telecom-Orange in
2006 of a wholesale sales offer for subscriptions to telephone
service and a wholesale offer for naked ADSL, the other
operators have been able to propose offers which include line
subscriptions. Nonetheless, the full unbundling offer remained
France Telecom-Orange’s most-subscribed offer in 2010.

Since 2006, naked bitstream has been added to full unbundling
outside unbundled areas to allow alternative operators to
extend their non-subscription broadband offers to the entire
territory. Since then, this type of access has steadily increased.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

39
40

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Mobile telephony activities
"KEY INDICATORS

France

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in billions of euros) 10.7 10.9 10.8
Total number of customers (in millions) 27.2 27.1 26.9
o/w contract 19.7 19.5 19.0
o/w prepaid 18 7.6 7.9
o/w broadband (3G) 12.4 11.0 9.4
o/w broadband only (3G dongles) 1.7 1.6 1.4
Number of MVNO customers 2.3 3.4 2.8
Total ARPU_ (in euros per month) 336 375 387
ARPU subscriptions 431 476 492
ARPU prepaid 100 129 149
ARPU voice 202 240 266
ARPU data 134 135 120
Total AUPU_ (in minutes per month) 206 193 188
Churn rate (%) 28.7% 27.5% 25.8%

Source: France Telecom-Orange

Growth in the total number of Orange mobile customers was
stable at +0.4% on an annual basis in Q4 2012, compared with
+0.6% at the end of 2011. Despite the arrival on the scene
of Free Mobile in February 2012 and fiercer competition, the
momentum built up by Orange and its effective sales actions
(restructuring of its offers based on market segmentation,
improvements in prices and services) ensured it maintained its
27.2 million customers at end-December 2012.

January 2012 saw Orange review its Sosh low-cost range
(commitment-free SIM-only offer distributed only on line) to
offer uncapped contract offers at competitive rates (from
9.90 euros to 24.90 euros per month), including unlimited calls
and access to high-capacity mobile broadband. Sosh had
794,000 customers at end-December 2012.

The Origami range was revamped in May 2012 into a three-tier
structure (Zen, Star and Jet), with SIM-only or handset options,
aimed at two distinct customer typologies (pragmatic and
digital). The range was simplified and distilled from 14 different
contracts to eight, with the addition of new services for the
Star and Jet packages in particular (customized statement,
smartphone support, premium services with Internet volume and
speed options available with 4G access, music through Deezer,
unlimited calls, Cloud data storage, etc.) and competitive rates
with prices reduced by roughly 20 to 30% across the range.

With its flagship Open offer, Orange is focusing its strategy on
households. Open is a multi-line product, with the option to
include up to four mobiles at preferential rates, together with
Internet options (varying speeds and volumes) to suit a range
of customer needs.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Aimed at low-income customers, M6 was introduced in
April 2012 and now includes an entry-level contract ai
9.90 euros per month, with 60 minutes of calls and unlimited
texts and access to Orange customer service.

Orange increased its core Open and Origami volume and
brought down the cancellation rate (from 22.9% in the first hal
of 2012 to 18.9% in the second half) as a result of restructuring
its mobile plans, based on market segmentation (first-time and
high-end customers), and value-added management (with more
services included in the higher end contracts). Overhauling
its offers also served to improve the customer mix in 2012.
Subscription contracts accounted for 72.5% of customers ai
end-December 2012, up from 71.9% at end-2011.

At the same time, the MVNO customer base hosted on the
Orange network declined substantially (-31.7% annually) due to
the success of low-cost offers and greater competition at the
low end of the market.

In March 2011, Orange and Free Mobile signed a national
roaming agreement for 2G and 3G, giving Free Mobile access to
Orange’s France-wide network of mobile phone masts. Orange
received the revenues generated by this national roaming
agreement in 2012, after the commercial launch of Free Mobile.

Average revenue per user (ARPU) was down 10% year-on-year
in the fourth quarter of 2012. This decrease reflects the impact
of tariff adjustments across all mobile plans, the penetration
of low-cost offers, and the negative impact of an average
fall of 50% in voice interconnection charges between French
mobile operators. Stripping out inter-operator revenues, ARPU
declined 4.5%.
France Telecom-Orange launched a new 4G offer for business
customers in November 2012 in four cities in France (Lyon, Lille,
Nantes and Marseille) priced at 79 euros. Machine to Machine
(M2M) SIM cards continue to post robust growth, rising 49.5%
year-on-year with 1.3 million cards at year-end. M2M is a growth
driver for the company, in terms of services, usage, process
optimization and productivity gains.

'/ FIXED-LINE TELEPHONY AND INTERNET OFFERS

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

France

In the business market, Orange continues to develop mobile
data offers, focusing on smartphone/tablet or PC with Duo
options and Performance Duo contracts. The Group also
continues to expand convergence offers with its Open Pro
range available on fiber-optic.

Orange is strengthening is role as a partner in the business
market offering Cloud Pro applications and new on-demand
services (such as IT and telephone support provided either
remotely or on site).

Type Name/Price Main characteristics
High-Speed Découverte Internet, 21 €/month = no minimum period or cancellation fee
Internet - ADSL = requires a fixed-line telephone subscription
or Fiber-Optic = Internet access from 1 to 8 Mbps
Broadband Optimale Internet, 38.90 €/month = 12-month subscription
= requires a fixed-line telephone subscription
= broadband Internet access up to 20 Mbps
= unlimited telephone calls to fixed lines (in France and over 100 destinations)
Livebox Zen 28.90 €/33.90 per month = 12-month subscription
(with or without subscription) = broadband Internet access, 20 Mbps/s or 100 Mbps/s for fiber
(fiber-optic for the same price = unlimited VoIP calls (to fixed lines in France and over 100 destinations)
as ADSL) = TV (up to 160 channels)
= premium music service with Deezer (5 €/month)
= 50 GB Cloud storage
= mobile Internet anywhere with the Let’s Go 100 Mb contract (5 €/month)
Livebox Star 34.90 €/39.90 per month m= 12-month subscription
(with or without subscription) = broadband Internet access, 20 Mbits/s or more than 100 Mbits/s for fiber
(fiber-optic for the same price = unlimited VoIP calls (to fixed lines in France and over 100 destinations)
as ADSL) = unlimited calls to cell phones in France
= TV (up to 160 channels)
= video pass with 100 films included
= 80 GB TV recorder
= 50 GB Cloud storage
= premium music service with Deezer (5 €/month)
= mobile Internet anywhere with the Let’s Go 100 Mb contract (6 €/month)
TV Offers = various thematic bundles proposed (Orange Cinema Series, BelN Sport,
premium games, entertainment pack, video on demand incl. up to
7,000 videos, etc.)
Narrowband Postpaid or prepaid 10 € for
Internet 30 hours, 20 € for unlimited
Fixed-Line Optimale from 2 hours to unlimited, = from 2 hours to unlimited fixed-line calls in France and
Telephony from 19.90 € to 39.90 € per month, over 100 destinations, and to mobiles in France

prepaid

fixed-line telephone subscription included

= three services included (caller ID, call transfer, call signal, etc.)

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 41
42

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

France

‘7 MOBILE TELEPHONY OFFERINGS

Type

Name/Price

Main characteristics

Capped contracts

M6 Mobile by Orange

from 14.90 € per month with
subscription

SIM Only: 5 €/month reduction

= Offer intended for 18-25 year-olds and those on limited budgets
= 12-month or 24-month subscription, or prepaid option

= three contracts

= two contracts with 200 - 500 MB Internet and email

= Capped or uncapped

= unlimited SMS and MMS to all operators

= access to some channels (M6, W9, Music, téva, etc.)

rom the M6 mobile portal

= access to social networks

Origami contracts

Origami zen (simplicity),

(from 24.90 € to 29.90 € per
month)

Origami star (Internet up to 2 GB)
(from 29.90 € to 49.90 € per
month)

Origami jet H+ (high-capacity

= Offers intended for users of mobile broadband and high-capacity mobile
broadband

= 12-month or 24-month subscription, or prepaid option

= three ranges of contracts for adjustable durations according to needs
(from 1 hour to unlimited for Origami jet in France or internationally)
unlimited hours/shared (three people) and access to multimedia use on
mobile phones

broadband, unlimited in France = unlimited SMS and MMS in metropolitan France or abroad
or abroad), = premium music service (5 €/month except Origami Star and Jet: included)
(from 69.90 € to 159.90 € = Internet access, 30 or 70 TV channels and unlimited emails (except Zen)
per month) = access to 50 GB Orange Cloud
SIM only: reduction of between 5 € = new mobile every two years at competitive rates
and 20 € per month
Prepaid La Mobicarte = 5 €call credit
Prepaid = 3 free services included
With mobile handset (from 19.90 €) = free credit with all unlimited calls recharges
No handset: 7.90 € = Classic recharges (eight options from 5 € to 100 €, with unlimited calls
Two top-up ranges (classic and and texts from 9.00pm to midnight)
unlimited) = unlimited recharges (two options from 10 € to 30 €, with unlimited calls
national voice calls: 0.40 €/minute and texts for one week, two weeks, or one month)
SMS: 0.10 €/SMS
data: 0.50 €/minute
Sosh prepaid = Offer intended for 18-35 year-olds
from 9.90 € to 24.90 € per month == prepaid
= SIM-only
= unlimited contract with data limited to between 1 GB and 30 GB
and H+(high-capacity broadband)
= Unlimited SMS MMS (within Europe for packages from 19.90 € to 24.90 €);
= 100% digital
Mobile, Tablet, and Let's go offers (for intensive or less = choice of three offers according to need
Laptop Broadband frequent Internet use) = two specific high-capacity broadband packages with 1 to 5 GB data
(from 2 € to 59 € per month, and up to 42 Mbps with: emails and unlimited Orange Wifi - TV access
with subscription) (70 channels) — VoIP — modem — Orange Cloud
(from 6 € to 63 € per month, =m one recharge contract with three recharge options, 1, 7, or 15 days,
without subscription) up to 14.4 Mbps with: e-mails and unlimited Orange Wifi - TV access
(30 channels) - VoIP — modem —- Cloud Orange
'7 BUNDLED PACKAGES
Type Name/Price Main characteristics

Open contracts

Quadruple play offers (Internet,
mobile, television and VoIP)

Open star at 44.90 € per month
Open style at 54.90 € per month
Open up H+ (high-capacity
broadband) at 69.90 € per month
Open top H+ at 89.90 € per month

= four contracts to suit a range of needs

= 12-month or 24-month subscription

fixed telephony: unlimited fixed-line calls in France and to over

100 destinations, unlimited mobile calls in France (from one hour to
unlimited, depending on contract, excluding Open start)

= mobile telephony from one hour to unlimited calls (the range for unlimited
varies by contract)

200 MB to 3 GB Internet and access to H+ high-capacity broadband
for Open up and Open top

Deezer premium music for Open up and Open top

services included: livephone, Orange Cloud and Family Wall

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
overview of the group’s business 6

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

France

Type Name/Price Main characteristics

Multiline Open Mobile or tablet contracts = four mobile contracts:

contracts at preferential family rates = Open edition M6, 14.90 € per month: 60 minutes of calls, unlimited
(up to four people) SMS and MMS with choice of either 200 MB Internet or unlimited calls

to three fixed-line or mobile numbers

= Open style multiline, 24.90 € per month: 120 minutes of calls, unlimited
with several choices, 500 MB Internet, unlimited SMS and MMS

= Open up H+ multiline, 39.90 € per month: unlimited mobile and fixed-line
calls in France, unlimited SMS and MMS, 2 GB Internet, Deezer
premium music

= Open top H+, 54.90 € per month: unlimited mobile and fixed-line calls
in France, unlimited fixed-line calls to Europe, USA, Canada and North
Africa, 3 GB Internet, Deezer premium music

m= one Open Let's Go tablet contract at 19.90 € per month: 1 GB Internet,
unlimited email, TV (70 channels)

Distribution and customer relations = mobile customer call centers on the 700 number and fixed-
BREAKDOWN BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL line customer services on the 1014 number, selling mobile
(IN!%!OF!SALES!ACTIONS) and fixed-line offerings respectively, as well as 1013 reserved

for calls relating to the provision of universal service;
8% 8% 10%
m the 3900 customer service and remote support number for
34% 33% 30% , . . F , or
fixed-line, Internet, fiber-optic and mobile products (live since
19% 20% 20% Online (including CTC) December 2010). Orange took close to 60 million calls at its
© Customer Contact Center (CTC) call centers in 2012;
39% 38% 40% Indirect
@ Direct m= customers can also benefit from on-site technical services
and support for their use of France Telecom-Orange products
2010 2011 2012

and services (installation and assistance). Three million jobs

and 255,000 home installations were completed in 2012.
Source: France Telecom-Orange

Working with the Marketing Division, the Consumer Sales The network
Division is responsible for sales strategy (drawing up action Fixed network
plans, monitoring and coordinating sales and_ preparing '/ FIXED-LINE UNBUNDLING IN FRANCE (IN!MILLIONS)
marketing materials). The Consumer Relations Division steers
all aspects of the customer pathway (from ordering through to
delivery, billing and after-sales service). It draws up the Group’s
relational strategy, as well as its loyalty and customer satisfaction
policies. These two entities work together to coordinate and 17 89 07
develop all distribution channels, while ensuring consistency : . .
se ®@ Full unbundling
and optimizing all channels. 12 Ll 0.9 Partial unbundling
The distribution and customer relations channels consist of: y = sz “i = Bisteam
2010 2011 2012

= a network of retail stores throughout France. Orange had a
network of 601 own retail outlets at the end of 2012, with Source: Arcep, Q3 2012
18 major stores, 551 exclusive partners (including 464 Orange
franchises at year-end), and 4,100 sales outlets in the multi-
operator network. Orange continued to develop its franchise
business in 2012, adding 78 partner stores under the Orange
banner;

automated channels, primarily the Orange online store on
Orange.fr. Customers can browse the devices, Internet,
broadband multimedia and mobile offers available from
Orange, and order directly online for delivery to their home.
The Group continues to grow this channel, particularly with its
online only Sosh offers;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 43
44

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

‘7 FIXED BROADBAND COVERAGE

France

(as a % of the population) 2012 2011 2010
< 512 Kbps 0.8% 1.0% 1.2%
> = 512 Kbps <= 2 Mbps 10.5% 10.6% 10.9%
> 2 Mbps 88.7% 88.3% 87.9%
Number of copper lines (in thousands) 30,853 30,723 30,515
Number of FTTH-connectible households (in thousands) 1,669.0 926.0 575.5
Number of NRA (in thousands) 116.8 15.1 14.3
Number of Cross-Connection Points (in thousands) 94.0 93.7 93.4

Source: France Telecom-Orange

2012 was marked by:

= the end of the program to migrate from ADSL to Gigabit
Ethernet (GE) technology, resulting in an expanded TV range,
GE offers for business customers and higher-rate mobile
raffic collection;

m accelerated FTTH roll-out, increased customer connection
capacity, start of deployment in mid-density areas, and the
launch of the «detached house» connection offer to speed up
he pace of delivery of fiber-optic services to areas with low
population density;

m the opening of the 100% fiber city trial in Palaiseau (sale of
iber-optic products or migration of all available offers);

Mobile network

m the growth in the VoIP network, with the continuation
of the H323 migration to SIP and preparation for IP-SIP
interconnection;

ma modernization program of the copper local loop and
technical environment in order to improve network quality.

Orange plans to continue these programs into 2013,
accelerating deployment of fixed-line high-capacity on FTTH
(increasing speeds 100 Mbps to 200 Mbps) and VDSL, and
through partnerships with local authorities (RIP and higher
speeds). 2013 will be the first year to see significant volumes of
voice traffic switch from TDM interconnection to IP.

Coverage (as a % of the population) 2012 2011 2010
GSM Voice/Edge 99.9% 99.8% 99.8%
3G (UMTS)/HSDPA 98.7% 98.0% 95.0%
Number of 2G radio sites (in thousands) 20.3 19.8 19.3
Number of 3G radio sites (in thousands) 17.5 16.2 14.1

Source: France Telecom-Orange

2012 was marked by:

m the extension of 8G coverage, notably with the roll-out of
UMTS 900 in rural areas to attain 98.5% 3G coverage of the
population at the end of 2012 (license commitments were
met at the end of 2011 with 98% coverage);

a the roll-out of high-capacity broadband (H+ -42 Mbps) for
60% of the population in France, including in the major
cities, Paris, Marseille-Aix-en-Provence, Lyon, Lille, Nice,
Toulouse, Bordeaux, Nantes, Toulon, Douai-Lens, Grenoble,
Strasbourg and Avignon;

m the launch of 4G for business customers in four cities,
Marseille, Nantes, Lille and Lyon;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

m the expansion of core network capacity to support the growth
in data traffic and 4G.

In 2013 Orange forecasts:

a the continuation of the rollout of 3G coverage in no coverage
areas (RAN sharing);

m= continued roll-out of H+ in densely populated areas;

m the launch of 4G at the start of the year for the consumer
market, and the activation of 4G in a number of major cities;

m the continuation of a multi-year program of rationalization
of the 2G and 3G access networks in North-East and
South-West France, and in the Paris area.

Cluster, Transmission, and Transport Network
In 2012, Orange:

m= continued the gradual migration of data traffic collection on
the ATM network to Gigabit Ethernet technology, and started
a program for simplification of the data collection network as
well as gradual migration to the IP V6 protocol;

m= continued to increase the capacity of the transport network,
both at the backbone and IP collection network (RBCI), as
well as at the network transmission level (fiber optic and
WDM equipment);

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

France

= introduced Content Delivery Networks to enhance the
customer experience by reducing data transfer times.

Key Events

2012 was characterized by the entry of Free Mobile to the
market and greater competition, with resulting lower prices in the
Internet and mobile telephony markets, and the development of
low cost offers. In this environment, Orange continues to put
the customer at the core of its strategy by simplifying its offers,
enhancing its value-added services by improving its service
quality and investing in its network (fiber-optic and 4G).

January 2012

Orange revamped its Sosh contracts with a new package priced at 9.90 € per month

Orange and Bouygues Telecom signed a partnership to roll out fiber-optic networks across France
Orange TV now broadcasts M6 Group channels by satellite.

February 2012

Orange launched a new range of simple, comprehensive and prepaid fixed telephony products (Optimales)

Orange launched its first Internet package for low-income households
Launch of a new roaming offer combining voice calls, data and SMS, valid throughout the European Union.

March 2012 Orange Cinema Series (OCS) available on Cana

sat through a new partnership

April 2012
Orange launched the TweetVox app for sharing

OMEA TELECOM-Virgin Mobile and Orange signed Full MVNO contract covering Orange France’s mobile network
voice messages and social networks with geolocation.

May 2012 Sosh opened its online store for pre-owned mol

bile phones

Premium Evernote service created, providing content storage for Orange Internet and mobile customers (1GB storage)

Orange simplified its Origami product range, wi

h additional services and lower prices

Launch of Orange’s Read and Go iPhone and iPad app, providing a varied catalog of digital reading material.

a
a
a
a
a
a
a
= A major new store was opened in Marseille.
a
a
a
a
a
a
a

June 2012
and fast navigation

growing Internet demand

overseas departments

Orange launched a new smartphone based on Intel technology, exclusively in Europe, with high-end features

Orange participated in launching the new IPv6 Internet protocol to expand the number of IP addresses to meet

Regionalization of customer service to improve service quality with a local presence
Launch of an Orange Travel range to ensure customers stay connected while on vacation in Europe or in the French

Orange was the first operator to roll out NFC SIM cards for contactless payment technology.

July 2012 = Orange launched a plan offering access to other operators via shared use of the fiber-optic network (FTTH) outside
high-density areas, enabling end customers to choose their service provider

Séries package of channels

CANAL+ and Orange announce a publishing, marketing, and technology partnership in relation to the Orange Cinéma

Orange launched its new Programme TV Orange mobile-TV interactive application
Simplification of the Orange.fr portal with a tailored customer area
Partnership between Orange and Eurotunnel to provide 2G and 3G coverage in the Channel tunnel.

August 2012

to Orange TV's programming.

Orange extended unlimited offers across its Mobicarte range
Sosh added H+ to its 24/7 contract and launched an unlimited calls plan priced at 19.90 €
Agreement signed between Orange and ESPN America (specialist US sports TV network) to add US sports events

September 2012

Launch of a video gaming offer on Orange TV.

Orange, Thales and the Caisse des dépédts created Cloudwatt, a joint Cloud Computer infrastructure venture
Carrefour launched a mobile offer with a price tag of less than 5 €, based on its partnership with Orange

October 2012

Launch of a new range of Cloud Pro services tailored to professional and small businesses

November 2012

date system)

and data services.

Orange Launched its first 4G offer for professional and business customers
Orange made changes to its Upgrade your mobile program (replacing the points system with an optimum

Release of Libon, a free all-in-one application for high-definition calls, chat, and personalized messaging
Orange was the first operator to offer a tablet rental service for the business market
Arcep ranks Orange at the top of the 2G-3G mobile networks in metropolitan France, lauding the quality of its voice

December 2012 = Orange launched the Family Wall Premium option for Open subscribers, providing access to a private, secure

and ad-free social network for families.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

45
46

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Poland

6

Outlook

After a year in 2012 marked by intensified competition in a
difficult macroeconomic environment, 2013 will see accelerated
roll-out of fiber-optic and 4G.

With the arrival of a fourth mobile operator in early 2012, ina
market where penetration rates are already in excess of 100%,
the margins of most operators were squeezed and this pattern
is set to continue in 2013. Orange will therefore strive to rein in
its costs through its Chrysalide program and a partnership with
Deutsche Telekom, to improve service quality and customer
experience, and to monetize its network by rolling out high-
capacity mobile broadband offers and wholesale agreements.

6.3.2 Poland

Orange will thus:

m= continue to segment its offers in line with customer
requirements and the competitive environment;

= step up initiatives to retain customer loyalty;

= pursue technical innovations, with the introduction of its new
Livebox Play, designed to substantially enrich the television
experience;

= continue to deliver the latest developments in technology to
its customers, such as its Cloud products and Libon app,
and the possibilities offered by Near Field Communication
(NFC) technology and RCS (Rich Communication suite);

menrich content offers through new partnerships with
publishers such as those previously entered into with Deezer,
Dailymotion, and more recently, Facebook.

6.3.2.1. The Telecom Services Market
2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 38.5 38.5 38.5
Households (in millions) 13.7 13.5 13.4
GDP growth (%) +2.0% +4.3% +3.9%
GDP per capita (in dollars PPP) N/A 20,137 18,981
Change in household consumption (%) +0.5% +2.5% +3.2%
Source: Orange Polska estimates
REVENUES FROM TELECOM SERVICES ’7 NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (IN!MILLIONS)
(IN!BILLIONS!OF!ZLOTYS)
51 54
38 38
9.5 9.2 6.9 TA
|_| =
25.2 25.1
2011 = 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012
Fixed telephony Fixed internet Mobile telephony
3.6 38 ™ Mobile telephony
@ Fixed internet
Source: O Polska estimat
9.4 8.9 Other services OUrCe: range Polska estimates
Polish economy saw a deceleration in growth in 2012 due to
2011 2012 lowering consumption, investments and export performance.

Source: Orange Polska estimates

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Additionally weakening demand combined with lower than
expected food price hikes and decreasing fuel price influenced
inflation rate which fell to 3.7% in 2012 (from 4.3. in 2011).
Deterioration in construction and production sectors impacted
labour market, which in turn undermined private consumption.
Unemployment rate increased to 13.4% in 2012.
The value of Poland’s telecommunication services market
declined by -0.6% in 2012 compared with a -0.5% decrease
in 2011 (source: Orange Polska estimates). The main factors
contributing to the decline were an MTR reduction, the
introduction of the SMS networking regulation and a decrease
in roaming fees. The market was also negatively affected by
the launch of offers with unlimited SMSs/MMSs and calls to all
networks. There is still a downward trend in the fixed-line voice
segment.

Internet on the fixed network market

overview of the group’s business 6

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Poland

Fixed-line telephony market

The fixed-line penetration rate continued to fall in 2012,
reaching 23.7% of the population at the end of December 2012
(compared to 24.6% at the end of December 2011) (source:
Orange Polska estimates). The growth in the penetration
rate and popularity of cell phones led customers to migrate
from the fixed to the mobile offers. Throughout 2012, cable
television operators further expanded the range of fixed-line
voice and Internet access services. The number of WLR lines
grew until June 2012, steadily declining thereafter. The volume
of services based on local loop unbundling (LLU) stopped
growing in 2012.

2012 2011 2010
Broadband revenues (in millions of zlotys) 3,796 3,621 3,452
Number of broadband subscriptions (in millions) 7.1 6.9 6.5
ARPU (in zlotys per month) 45.2 45.1 45.4

Source: Orange Polska estimates

In 2012, fixed-access broadband lines in Poland increased
by 3.6% y/y (source: Orange Polska), which is a significant
slowdown compared with the 5.8% growth seen in 2011 and

Mobile telephony market

7% in 2010. However the broadband market increased in value
terms by 6.0% 2012, compared with 4.4% in 2011.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of zlotys) 25,076.7 25,161.6 24,838.4
Number of customers (in millions) 54.3 50.7 47.5
ARPU total (in zlotys per month) 39.8 42.8 44.8

Source: Orange Polska estimates

The mobile telephony market is in the saturation phase. The
number of mobile users increased in 2012 by 7% and reached
54 million at the end of December 2012. As a result, the mobile

6.3.2.2 The Competitive Environment

Fixed-line telephony and Internet
‘7 FIXED LINES SEGMENTATION

penetration rate (among population) reached 141% (up from
131.5% at the end of December 2011).

2012 2011 2010

Total xed lines (in millions) 9.2 9.5 10.2
o/w retail-billed lines 7A 7.9 8.7

o/w wholesale-billed lines 1.7 1.6 1.4

Source: Orange Polska estimates

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 47
6 overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Poland

‘7 BROADBAND INTERNET MARKET SHARE

64.8% 65.8%) 67.1%

32.9%. ® Others
"TPG

35.2% 34.2%:

2010 2011 2012

Source: Orange Polska estimates

On the broadband market, Orange Polska Group is still under
strong competitive pressure from cable television operators,
whose market share is constantly growing. It was estimated
at 31% in terms of volume at end-December 2012, and at
29% in terms of value (Source: Orange Polska estimates). The
commercial offers of these operators are backed by infrastructure
investments in the DOCSIS 3.0 standard as well as fiber access.
Their overall market position has been steadily growing, resulting
mainly from high popularity of the bundles they can offer, using their
advantageous position on the television market. Moreover, these
operators are able to increase the speeds offered to customers
for the same price, stimulating both average bandwidth per
broadband access on the market and customers’ expectations
in this respect. CATV is also expanding its offer towards SoHo
and SME client segments.

Alternative operators, primarily Netia, still make use of wholesale
BSA and LLU based services. However, the total volume of
BSA-based lines declined by 36,000 in 2012, while LLU-based
lines were 185,000 at the end of December 2012 (compared to
186,000 a year earlier).

6.3.2.3. Orange Polska’s activities
'7 FINANCIAL INDICATORS

Mobile telephony

‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE
69.8% 71.0% 72.4%
30.2% 29.0% 271.6% m Others
™ PTK Centerel
2010 2011 2012

Source: Orange Polska estimates

Poland has four main mobile operators: Orange Polska,
T-mobile (PTC wholly owned by Deutsche Telekom), Polkomtel
(acquired in 2011 by Spartan Capital Holdings, owned by Polish
entrepreneur Zygmunt Solorz-Zak, which operates under the
Plus brand) and P4 (owned by two investment funds, Tollerton
Investments Ltd and Iceland, which operates under the Play
brand).

Over 2012, the three leading operators lost 1.8% of their total
market share to PLAY. PTK Centertel’s estimated market share
decreased, although slightly, by 1.4 points to 27.6% by volume,
and their market share by value fell by 1 point compared to
2011 to end at 29.8%.

Due to growing differences in methodology, positioning of the
data sets presented by various operators against one another is
becoming increasingly difficult.

(in million of zlotys) ” 2012 2011 2010
Revenues 14,147 14,922 15,715
Fixed-line and Internet 7,836 8,282 9,028
Mobile 7,478 7,706 7,711
EBITDA 4,845 5,928 4711
As a % of revenues 34.2% 39.7% 30.0%
CAPEX 2,335 2,606 2,716
As a % of revenues 16.5% 17.5% 17%

Source: Orange Polska
(1) 1 zloty = 0.239 euros.

Orange Polska also publishes the following financial indicators
for its Internet and fixed-line and mobile telephony activities.
These indicators do not replace the indicators in Chapter 9.1

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Analysis of the financial position and earnings, which reflect the
monitoring per operation which took place at Group level.
overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Poland
(in million of zlotys) 2012 2011 2010
Fixed-line and Internet EBITDA 2,743 3,629 2,451
Mobile EBITDA 2,102 2,299 2,260
Fixed-line and Internet CAPEX 1,580 1,991 2,007
Mobile CAPEX 755 615 709
Source: Orange Polska
Fixed telephony and Internet activities
'7 KEY INDICATORS
2012 2011 2010

Revenues (in millions of zlotys) 7,836 8,282 9,028
Number of telephone lines (copper + FTTH - in millions) “ 6.2 7A 17

o/w retail lines 46 5.6 6.3

o/w wholesale lines 1.6 1.5 1.4
Number of Internet customers (in millions) 2.3 2.3 2.3

o/w low-speed 0.0 0.0 0.0

o/w broadband 2.3 2.3 2.3
«Voice over IP» Subscribers 0.4 0.2 0.1
ADSL or satellite TV offer subscribers 0.7 0.6 0.5
ARPU (in zlotys per month) .
Fixed telephone lines 46.3 47.8 49.7
Broadband Internet © 57.8 57.1 59.7

Source: Orange Polska
(1) Does not include the local wireless loop, PTK fixed-line telephony, and VoIP.
(2) Does not include BSA and CDMA offered by PTK.

France Telecom-Orange operates in Poland via the
Telekomunikacja Polska S.A. (TPSA) company, which is listed
on the Warsaw stock exchange, hereinafter Orange Polska. The
group owns 50.67% of this company’s share capital.

The total number of lines (PSTN and ISDN) served by Orange
Polska decreased in 2012 by 880,000, a 12.5% decline
compared with 2011 mostly due to continues competitive
pressure and_ fixed-to-mobile substitution. Orange Polska
continued offering VoIP services as a main line bundled with
broadband and TV services. As a result customers using VoIP
as the main fixed voice line increased net by 265,000, reaching
836,000 as at the end of December 2012.

Towards the end of the third quarter of 2012, TP S.A. launched
anew offer of “Customised Home Plans”. The offer is based on
two unlimited tariff plans (enabling unlimited calls for no extra
cost either 24 hours/day or in the evening/weekend option) for
calls to both domestic and international fixed line networks.

Apart from offers addressed to customers using only fixed
line services, Orange Polska has continued portfolio initiatives
to maintain customers loyalty using other services in addition
to fixed line phones. These include FunPack HD (broadband,
TV and voice), offering unlimited calls to fixed line terminals in
Poland, EU countries, USA and Canada, as well as Neostrada
offer with unlimited calls to fixed line terminals in Poland.

Broadband access

Despite the fierce competition, mainly from cable operators as
well as competitive pressure from mobile broadband offers,
Orange Polska maintained its number of retail broadband lines
in 2012 (including PTK Centertel’s CDMA and BSA lines). At
he same time, retail broadband ARPU rose from 53.4 zlotys
in 2011 to 56.1 zlotys in 2012. This was achieved mainly by
promoting bundled offers.

n 2012, Orange Polska promoted bundled offers of broadband
and digital TV, offered in both IPTV and DTH (satellite digital
TV) technologies: Neostrada and Neostrada with TV offers,
FunPack and ‘n’ Television packages provided by TVN, one of
he leading media group in Poland.

An important development for Orange Polska’s broadband
portfolio was the introduction of a convergent offer, Orange
Open, which accompanied the rebranding process. It offers a
discount on a monthly access fee if a customer uses FunPack
HD of TP plus mobile voice and/or broadband service of PTK
Centertel. In such case, the aggregate monthly fee is reduced
by PLN 15 in case of subscribing to FunPack HD plus one
Orange service or PLN 30 in case of subscribing to FunPack
HD plus two Orange services.

In 2012, Orange Polska continued the development of its
television service portfolio, particularly in collaboration with the
‘n’ platform. The name of TP’s television services was changed
upon rebranding. Currently, these services are provided as
Orange TV.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

49
50

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Poland

6

Mobile telephony activities
'7 KEY INDICATORS

2012 2011 2010
Revenue (in millions of zlotys) 7,478 7,706 7711
Total customers (excl. MVNO - in millions) 14.9 14.7 14.3
o/w contract 6.9 7.0 7.0
o/w prepaid 8.0 7.7 7.4
o/w broadband (3G) 8.2 8.0 7.4
o/w broadband only (3G dongles) 1.0 0.7 0.5
Number of MVNO customers 0.1 0.1 0.1
ARPU (zlotys per month) 38.3 40.3 42.5
ARPU Postpaid 62.2 64.6 66.9
ARPU prepaid 17.0 17.9 19.6
ARPU voice 27.7 30.1 31.5
ARPU data 10.6 10.2 11.0
Total AUPU (minutes per month) 163.2 161.7 159.0
Churn rate(%) 41% 40% 38%

Source: Orange Polska

Orange Polska had a total of 14.9 million customers at the end
of 2012, up 1.6% year-on-year after a 2.3% increase in 2011.
The number of subscription customers decreased by 0.9%,
and their proportion of the total customer base fell by 1.2 ppts
to 46.4% at the end of 2012. The growth in customer numbers
can be considered satisfactory, given the high levels of activity
of new market players, notably P4 (Play), which benefit from
significant asymmetry in MTR costs.

Blended ARPU was 38.3 zlotys in 2012, down 5.2% on 2012.
This fall in ARPU was chiefly due to the regulatory reduction in
MTR and SMS costs, in addition to downward pressure on the
price of voice calls.

The most important developments in the mass market in 2012
included the Orange Open convergent offer, combining mobile
and fixed line, as well as launching an unlimited voice offer,
“Orange No Limit”, launched in response to similar offers of
other operators.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

In the business portfolio, the most important development
in 2012 was the launch of the “Business Without Limits”
promotion, offering unlimited voice calls, SMSs and MMSs to
all domestic mobile networks and unlimited calls to all domestic
fixed line networks.

Mobile data services

In 2012 Orange Polska continued sales of PTK Centertel’s
mobile broadband services through the Orange Free (with
modem) and Orange Free Set (with netbook, tablet or notebook)
offers, the latter accounting for 50% of sales.

Another attractive plan launched in 2012 was the Smart Plan
which offers a large pool of data transmission, in addition to
minutes and SMSs, embedded in the subscription. Additionally
a new solution in terms of data transmission charges in new
post-paid and mix tariffs were introduced: customers pay for
data transmission only when they use it and they are protected
against unexpected high charges for accessing the Internet via
their smartphones.
overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Poland

Orange Polska offers
The main offers as of the date of this document are:

‘7 FIXED TELEPHONY AND INTERNET OFFERS

Name/Price per month
doMowy 60 TP plan @ PLN
50 monthly fee.

doMowy 300 TP plan @ PLN
70 monthly fee

doMowy 1200 TP plan @
PLN90 monthly fee

Fixed loyalty offers

Description
Fixed plan with call package: LC & DLD: 60 min (24 h) or 120 off peak

Type

Fixed voice

services

Fixed plan with call package LC & DLD: 300 min (24 h) or 600 off peak

Fixed plan with call package LC & DLD: 1,200 min (24 h) or unlimited off peak

A selection of promotions offering various bonuses (such as discounts, free call
packs, cheap terminals etc.) in exchange for a loyalty contract 12 to 36 months
jong

Fixed Broadband Nowa Moc Internetu from PLN 49 Broadband offer with four speed options: up to 10 Mb, up to 20 Mb,
Internet to PLN 109 amonth up to 40 Mb and up to 80 Mb
Nowa Moc Internetu with a tablet | Customers can buy tablet for just PLN1 while buying Neostrada offer.
at PLN 1 from PLN 59.9 to PLN 24 months contracts only
113.25 a month
A bundle of Fixed Neostrada and Neostrada fibre Promotion for Internet and Neofon service based on the new voice plan

Broadband & — xed and national calls from PLN 89.01 —(pl@n krajowy Neofon) available with the following speed options up to 10MB,

voice

to PLN 149.9 a month

up to 20MB, up to 40MB and 80 MB

A bundle of Fixed Moc Internetu i Telewizja from PLN Broadband offer with four speed options: up to 10 Mb, up to 20 Mb,
Broadband & TV 65.01 to PLN 129.9 a month up to 40 Mb and up to 80 Mb, dedicated promotion for Internet with TV service
A bundle of — xed FunPack na Swiat od nowa/ A bundle of TV, Broadband and Voice service (“FunPack”). Promotion based
broadband, TV FunPack i rozmowy na Swiat on the new voice plan (pl@n international VOIP)
and VoIP from PLN 74.99 to PLN 104.99
a month in retention and from PLN
99.9 to PLN 149.9 in acquisition
Moc Internetu w Funpacku from Broadband offer with four speed options: up to 10 Mb, up to 20 Mb,
PLN 79 to PLN 159.90 a month up to 40 Mb and up to 80 Mb, dedicated promotion for Funpack service
(for clients with POTS)
Nowa Moc Internetu w Fupacku Broadband offer with four speed options: up to 10 Mb, up to 20 Mb,
rom PLN 104 to PLN 159.9 a up to 40 Mb and up to 80 Mb dedicated promotion for neostrada service
month (for clients without POTS, line rental included in subscription fee)
Nowa Moc Internetu w Fupacku Customers can buy tablet for just PLN 1 while buying Funpack offer.
with a tablet at PLN1 24 months contracts only
rom PLN 113.98 to PLN 164.99
amonth
Nowa Moc Internetu w Fupacku z Customers can buy TV set for just PLN 1 while buying Funpack offer.
elewizorem za 1 zt from PLN 179 24 months contracts only
‘o PLN 239 a month
Fixed Orange Orange Stacjonarny @ PLN 35, Orange Fixed offer based on WLR. Number of minutes in a call pack depends
services PLN 49 or PLN 85 a month on contract length and monthly fee (75-3,000 minutes range). 24 and 36
month long contracts. Additional call pack of minutes available for customers
of Orange mobile
New Orange Strefa from PLN 20 GSM-based “Fixed” offer (works only within a designated zone close to home)
PLN to PLN 44 a month with 12 and 24 month long contracts. Additional call pack for customers
of Orange mobile
Orange Broadband Orange Freedom Pro @ PLN 49 Orange broadband in CDMA technology with maximum speed of 1 mb/s;
Internet amonth and data transfer limit of 3 Gbit/s a month. Contract loyalty options are 12,
24 and 36 months (influencing price of modem).Offer targeted at customers
out of range of fixed broadband access

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

51
52

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Poland

‘7 MOB ILE TELEPHONY OFFERS

Type

Name/Price

Description

Subscription and
Mix with handsets

Panther commitments from 49,90
PLN to 159,90 PLN a month

available only in subscription option; it offers from 200 minutes to unlimited
talks and unlimited SMS allnet, also includes up to 2.5 Gb data allowance

Dolphin commitments from 29,90
PLN to 109,90 PLN a month

only in subscription option, from 120 to 700 bundles of minutes included,
for PLN 109.9 per month if offers unlimited talks onnet and allnet

Pelican commitments from 29,90
PLN to 59,90 PLN a month

Mix offers only available, from 200 up to unlimited bundles of SMS onnet
and allnet, access to social media included

Subscription and
Mix sim only

Orange no limits:

= in retention for PLN 39,90 PLN
per month or PLN 79,90 PLN a
month

= in acquisition for PLN 44,43
per month or PLN and 88,88 a
month

available only in subscription option:
= the lower commitment offers 350 minutes to allnet and unlimited talks onnet,
= the higher commitment offers unlimited talks and SMS allnet

Mobile broadband Orange Free commitments from up to 38 GB of data allowance, available with subsidized dongle or router Wifi
19 PLN to 159 PLN a month
Orange Free Set from 59,90 PLN up to 25GB of data allowance, available with subsidized tablets, notebooks
to 189,90 PLN a month and laptops
Bundled offers Orange Open up to 30 PLN discount on monthly fees for customers who have mobile and fix
offers from Orange
Prepaid Orange GO = Decreasing rate plan with a per minute rate discount which increases
according to the top-up value
= 29 gr off-net option available after 50 zt top-up
= Orange POP = Flat rate 29 gr per minute all networks and 20 gr per SMS all networks
= Additional cost reducing option available: mostly voice/SMS and MMS
packages
= Orange Free = Data dedicated rate plan
= 0.01 ztper 100 kB
= 0.29 zt per minute all networks
= 0.20 zt per SMS all networks
= Data bonuses for top-ups depending on top-up value
= Orange One = Two profiles with different bonuses after top-ups
(125 — 1,000 intra-net minutes or SMS)
= 0.29 zt per minute all networks
= 0.15 zt per minute all networks
= Zetafon = Every prepaid offer described above is additionally available in a special
model called Zetafon with a 24-month, 30-month, or 86-month contract
in exchange for a subsidized handset
Distribution Active distribution is executed through active sales consultants

Actively focused on delivering excellent sales and aftersales
service to individual and business customers Orange Polska
operates various distribution channels. Three customer based
sales units operate in Orange Polska: B2B sales, B2C and
SOHO sales, and Prepaid sales.

B2B sales (professional and business customers) operate
through different types of support and sales representatives.
This distribution network provides sales services and assistance
to business customers related to SIM card based mobile
products, mobile and fixed Internet subscriptions, fixed-line
voice transmission, value-added services, as well as. tailor-
made telecom solutions.

The B2C and SOHO sales unit is made up of both passive and
active sales channels. Passive distribution to individual and
SOHO customers is carried out by Orange branded stores which
consist of approximately 960 own and dealer points of sales.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

door to door sales force) who operate in direct selling centres
spread throughout Poland. Distance selling centres operate via
wo additional channels — Telesales and WWW. All channels
offer a wide range of mobile services, mobile and fixed Interne
subscriptions, TV packs, value-added services and fixed voice.

Prepaid sales, offering typical mobile services, employs a
comprehensive net of sales points including Orange branded
POS and distributors (convenience stores, kiosks, gas stations).
Orange Prepaid starter sets are widely available at 55 thousand
sales points. Orange Prepaid Recharges (top-ups) are readily
available in 119 thousand locations in Poland. Additionally,
prepaid recharges can be purchased via www, ATM, IVR and
other customer focused innovative distribution channels.

overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Poland

The Network
Fixed Network
'7 UNBUNDLING
(in millions) 2012 2011 2010
Total number of _xed lines 6,160 7,039 7,671
Full unbundling 185 186 130,0
Partial unbundling 54 55 40,4
Bitstream 487 523 527

Source: Orange Polska

In 2012, Orange Polska continued to enhance the infrastructure
of its data networks. This included installation of Reconfigurable
Optical Add Drop Multiplexer (ROAD™) optic network equipment,
increasing IP core network capacity and throughput of its data
aggregation network, as well as increasing the capacity and
geographical coverage for DSLAM equipment. Investments in
backbone, aggregate and access networks have been carried
out pursuant to the Memorandum of Understanding with UKE.
Orange Polska continued development of the VDSL2 access
technology, which enables setting up lines of speed up to
80 Mbps. As a result, over 2.5 million households were within
the VDSL service coverage as at the end of 2012.

As part of development of the core infrastructure of the IP
network, Orange Polska implemented another new generation
runk router of switching capacity of over 1 Tb/s in 2012.
The transfer capacity of TP S.A.’s IP core network increased
by over 22%, reaching 385 Gb/s. To ensure the highest quality
of the IP traffic generated by the users of its network, Orange
Polska increased the total capacity of its international Internet
inks by 33% to 340 Gb/s.

n addition, multi-service aggregate network infrastructure,
expanding the coverage of Ethernet-based services, was
intensively developed. This will enable connecting mobile
network base stations of capacity of up to 1 Gbps or, in the
uture, even 10 Gbps. Thirty new nodes of this network were
added in 2012 and the total number of mobile base stations
connected through them reached 277.

Mobile Network

Coverage 2012 2011 2010
GSM Voice/Edge 99.8% 99.6% 99.6%
HSDPA/HSDPA 69.0% 62.4% 58.5%

Source: Orange Polska

n 2012, PTK Centertel continued development of the core
network capacity. The process of implementation of the new-
generation core network infrastructure based fully on IP protocol
has reached its final stage. Subsequent base radio controllers
BSC and RNC) have been gradually migrated to the new core
R4 network. As at end of 2012, over 100% of GSM and UMTS/
SPA network users were handled using the new-generation
core network.

PTK Centertel has also expanded the coverage of its UMTS/
SPA services and increased the capacity of its GSM network,
while continuing investments in the CDMA network. At the end

of December 2012, the UMTS/HSPA network covered 69% of
Poland’s population. In addition, the company has continued the
implementation of a new mobile data technology, HSPA+DC,
reaching the coverage of over 69% of Poland’s population.

In a process of consolidation of a network developed jointly
with T-Mobile, the first clusters of the consolidated radio access
network were launched.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 53
54

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Poland

Key Events

January

De nitive settlement in DPTG dispute

On January 12, 2012, Orange Polska signed an agreement concerning the dispute with DPTG, in the interests of

the Company and its shareholders. The compromise ended a dispute ongoing since 2001 over a contract signed in
1991. Orange Polska paid a total of 550 M€ to DPTG, and DPTG has withdrawn all of its claims relating to the dispute,
including those concerning 396 M€ awarded by the arbitration court of Vienna for phase 1 of the dispute, and its claim
for 320 ME in phase 2, as well as all other liabilities, damages, and expenses relating to the legal action brought by the

parties.

March Fixed services rebranded to Orange

On March 29, 2012, Orange Polska decided to use the Orange brand for identification of all products offered by TP S.A.
as the telecommunication market is evolving towards convergence of fixed and mobile services and concentration
around one strong brand. Orange Polska expects that extending the Orange brand to its wireline products will have a
positive impact on its revenues and profitability and will contribute to growth in customer satisfaction and a decrease in
churn in the fixed line segment. The change of the brand will also help to refresh the Company’s image, as Orange is
perceived as more friendly, modern and trustworthy. In addition, as a result of rebranding, TP S.A. will gain access to a
greater number of FT Group’s innovative solutions, which will bring specific benefits to customers.

March/April

Unlimited mobile voice and SMS offers launched by all operators

Unlimited mobile voice and SMS offers have been launched by all mobile operators in the first two quarters of 2012.
They have significantly affected the ARPU levels on the Polish mobile market, particularly in the enterprise segment. For
a monthly fee of PLN 65 in SIM only option, the customer may make unlimited calls both on and off net.

Orange Polska faced a rapid migration of its customer base to the above-mentioned unlimited plans, predominately

in the enterprise segment. As a result, the Average Revenue Per User of the business segment decreased quite

significantly in 2012.

October

Update of 2012 outlook and guidance, termination of share buyback program

Orange Polska adjusted its outlook and guidance for FY 2012 to reflect deterioration of operating environment and
reiterates confidence in long term prospects. Additionally the Management proposed to reallocate the outstanding
amount (PLN 400mn) of the share buy back program to spectrum acquisition.

2013 Outlook

Based on the information currently available, Orange Polska
anticipates a steep decline of its revenue in 2013, driven down
by the MTR cuts, as well as by the impacts stemming from
the ongoing price war in the mobile market. At the same time
Orange Polska will significantly accelerate its cost savings
measures, striving to transform into a leaner and more agile
organization.

Simultaneously, adapting to the challenging environment
requires a very disciplined stance towards capital allocation.
Given past investments Orange Polska aims to limit standard
capital expenditures to below 2 million zloty in 2013, with the
view to bring capital expenditure down to roughly 12% to 13%
of revenues in the future. Group plans to allocate capital to
acquire spectrum, which is vital to its future well being.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

2013-2015 Medium term action plan

Deteriorating macro economic outlook for Poland is changing
customer behaviour and hampering cash generation
possibilities. The perspectives of the Polish telecom market
have also deteriorated significantly. The mobile market has
been impacted by fierce price competition, which was based
on unlimited tariff plans in post-paid. Its value is again affected
by similar developments in 2013 and a steep cut of the mobile
termination rate.
overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Spain
Orange Polska announced on February 12, 2013 its medium good connectivity experience. By doing this, Orange Polska
term strategy with a view to place Orange Polska in a much plans to secure its leadership position on all core markets
stronger position once the market will return to growth, armed and become the telecom operator that is most frequently
with a stronger offer, better sales force and a leaner, more recommended by clients in Poland;

flexible organisation:
m= Orange Polska will review resource allocation and transform

m= Orange Polska will serve its clients with a whole range into a leaner and flexible business, one that is even better
of customer-oriented convergent solutions, addressing adjusted to the challenging environment. It will accelerate the
their total telecom needs. Orange Polska plans to provide ongoing cost optimisation program and increase productivity.
convergent solutions to roughly 50% of its post-paid At the same time, it will review outsourcing options for various
customers, aS compared to roughly 1% today. These activities and dispose of non-core assets, striving to improve
services will be delivered to the customer through a modern its efficiency. Orange Polska will allocate significantly less
sales and distribution network that will serve the customer resource to standard capital expenditures, preserving the
seamlessly through all contact channels. Orange will funds for the 4G spectrum investment opportunity, while
provide these solutions through a widely available unified maintaining the sound financial structure of its balance sheet.

telecommunication network, which will give the customer

6.3.3 Spain

6.3.3.1 The Telecom Services Market
"KEY MACROECONOMIC INDICATORS

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 46.3 46.2 46.1
Households (in millions) 17.4 17.4 17.2
GPD growth (%) -1.4% 0.4% -0.3%
GPD per capita (PPA, €) 22,884 23,054 22,766
Change in consumption per household (%) -4.5% -2.1% 0.3%
Source: IMF (WEO Oct12), INE
'7 TELECOM SERVICES REVENUES (IN!BILLIONS OF EUROS) The year 2012 was again marked by the crisis of the Spanish
economy. GDP is expected to deteriorate to -1.4% YoY in 2012,
27.2 24.9 unemployment rate keeps on growing up to 26% posting new
Aq 13 historical high levels and household consumption dropped
38 ; = -4.5% from last year.
: 3.6
5.3 48 As aconsequence, the number of customers is diminishing while
bm Other Services enterprises and households reduce consumption significantly.
@ Fixed Internet a . . . .
13.5 2 Fixed Telephony On the competitive side, the fixed and mobile markets continued
© Mobile Telephony to be characterized by intense price competition driven by: new
mobile offers with unlimited voice, higher mobile broadband
011 2012 allowance and new fixed & mobile convergent packages,
offering substantial prices reduction.
Source: CMT In that economic and competitive scenario, telecommunications

. 5 3 .
7NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (INIMILLIONS) industry revenues fell by 8.4%, versus a 4% drop in 2011.

58.4 56.0
Wd "4 19.7 19.2
2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012
Fixed Internet Fixed Telephony Mobile Telephony

Source: CMT

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 55
56

overview of the group’s business

6

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Spain
Fixed telephony
2012 2011 2010
Revenues — (in millions of euros) 4,836 5,336 5,765
o/w PSTN access 2,373 2,562 2,749
o/w PSTN communications 2,345 2,628 2,834
Number of subscribers (in millions) 19.2 19.7 19.9
PSTN 18.2 18.8 18.9
VoIP 1.0 0.9 0.9
‘Traf c (in millions of minutes) 62,843 64,636 65,762
AUPU (in minutes per month) 287 287 290

Source: CMT

The number of fixed telephony lines decreased 2.3% in 2012 and revenue dropped 9.4% as customers continue moving from fixed
lines toward less expensive voice and Internet packages and mobile abundance tariffs.

Internet on the fixed network

2012 2011 2010
Revenues — (in millions of euros) 3,603 3,765 3,888
o/w narrowband 2 4 5
o/w broadband 3,234 3,325 3,392
o/w other Internet services 368 436 491
Number of subscribers (in millions) 11.4 11.1 10.6
Narrowband 0.04 0.1 0.1
Broadband 11.4 11.0 10.5
o/w ADSL 8.9 8.7 8.4
o/w Cable 2.1 2.1 2.0
ARPU (in euros per month) 26.3 28.3 30.6
Number of IPTV subscriptions (in millions) 0.8 0.9 0.9
% of IPTV over ADSL access 8.8% 10.5% 10.2%

Source: CMT

The number of Internet customers grew to 11.4 million in
2012, an increase of 3.0%, slowing trend vs. previous years.
Revenues from fixed Internet dropped by 4.3% as a result of
the 7.1% decrease in average revenue per customer (ARPU)
related to new fixed-mobile convergent offers, with significant
price reduction compared to standard stand alone offers and
long-term promotions.

ADSL is the preeminent technology in fixed broadband access,
with 78.2% of the subscriber base, followed by cable 18.4%
and FTTH 0.4%. Very high broadband services is taking off, in

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

2011 ONO rolled out its VHBB solution for cable (DOCSIS 3.0)
accessing 7 million households and in 2012 Telefonica stepped
up its deployment of filber-to-the-home services (FTTH) reaching
2.2 million households.

Bundled dual play offers (telephone and Internet services)
continue to be standard in the Spanish market along with new
fixed-mobile convergent packages. Television over Internet
keeps on below expected levels and penetration ratio reduces
to 8.8%.
overview of the group’s business 6

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Spain
Mobile telephony
2012 2011 2010

Revenue (in millions of euros) 12,235 13,463 14,015

o/w postpaid 10,387 11,448 11,777

o/w prepaid 1,673 1,849 2,077

o/w voice 5,558 7,926 9,265

o/w messaging (SMS, MMS) 707 1,132 1,249

o/w data access 2,766 2,456 1,963
Number of customers (in millions) 56.0 58.4 56.7

o/w postpaid 37.9 37.7 36.2

o/w prepaid 18.0 20.7 20.5

o/w data subscribers only 5.3 5.9 5.5
ARPU (in euros per month) 18.2 19.2 20.6
ARPU postpaid 22.8 25.3 274
ARPU prepaid 7.7 74 8.4
ARPU data (excl. SMS, MMS) AA 3.5 2.9
‘Traf c (in millions)
mobile outgoing minutes 70,375 72,254 71,222
number of SMS 5,977 8,300 8,763
AUPU (in minutes per month) 105 103 105

Source: CMT

The number of subscribers decreased 4.2% to
56.0 million customers. Total revenues decreased 9.1%, mainly
due to the drop in voice and conventional messaging usage not
completely offset by the 12.6% increase in data.

Total ARPU decreased 5.1% as a result of the decline in voice
usage, deriving from users cost optimization, and prices per
minute, driven by the increasing penetration of abundance
offers and competition in prices. Average revenue per data
user increased 17.6%, driven by mobile broadband penetration
(increase in use of smartphones and mobile applications).

6.3.3.2 The Competitive Environment

Fixed-line telephony and Internet
‘7 FIXED LINES SEGMENTATION

Customers with a subscription increased 0.7% to 37.9 million,
representing 67.8% of the total customer base while the number
of customers with prepaid plans fell by 13.1% to 18.0 million.
Abundance voice and data offers, along with low costs offers,
are becoming the standard in the market.

(in millions) 2012 2011 2010

Total xed lines 19.2 19.7 19.9
o/w consumer 12.9 13.2 13.2
o/w wholesale 6.3 6.4 6.7

Source: CMT

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 57
58

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

‘7 BROADBAND INTERNET MARKET SHARE

Spain

0.9% 1.2% 1.2%

bie ME ix || 11.7% mm
51% 1.1% 6.8%
0. % 5.2% 5.0%
10.1% 11.5% r 12.3% ny
14.5%
14.5% 14.0%
© Others
B Jazztel
53.6% Vodafone
49.8% 49.1% ™ Cable Operators
®@ Orange
Ono
© Telef nica
2010 2011 2012
Source: CMT

The Internet market is dominated by five main players
representing over 90% of the market, with market shares of
49.1% for Telefonica, 14.0% for Ono, 12.3% for Orange, 11.7%
for Jazztel and 6.8% for Vodafone.

In 2012, Jazztel’s market share grew by 1.5 points and Orange’s
grew by 0.8 point, at the expense of Telefonica, Vodafone and
ONO whose market share dropped by 0.8 point, 0.9 point and
0.5 point respectively.

In this scenario, Telefonica and ONO launched their new
convergent packages, offering significant price reductions vs.
their stand alone offers. Jazztel, Orange and Vodafone reacted
launching new convergent packages and increasing their cross
selling discounts.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Mobile services

‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE
4.2% 6.8%
3.9% 33% 9.4%
: 6.3%
20.2% 20.3%
21.5%
29.6% 28.3% 26.5% = MVNOs
B® Yoigo
™ Orange
42.1% 39.4% Vodafone
36.2% © Telef nica
2010 2011 2012
Source: CMT

The market is dominated by three main operators that
represented 84.3% of the market: Telefonica 36.2%, Vodafone
26.5% and Orange 21.5%. Yoigo’s (Telia Sonera) market share
was 6.3% while the MVNOs, focusing mainly on low value
segments, prepaid customers and ethnic segments, held a
9.4% share.

Dynamism has prevailed during 2012:

= End of handset subsidy by Telefonica in March, immediately
‘ollowed by Vodafone and Yoigo;

m= Launch of new unlimited voice offers by Yoigo in June, later
replicated by Vodafone;

= New low cost ‘SIM only’ model launched by Orange in July,
with the new Amena brand offering unlimited voice;

m New convergent packages launched by Telefénica in
October, including additional mobile voice and data bundles
at reduced prices;

m Launch by Vodafone in November of a new set of mobile offers
with unlimited voice traffic and extended data allowances.

All in all, MVNOs, Orange and Yoigo market shares grew by
2.6 points, 1.2 points and 1.1 points respectively in 2012, at the
expenses of Telefonica and Vodafone whose shares dropped by
3.2 points and 1.8 points.
overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Spain
6.3.3.3 Orange Espafia’s activities
Financial Indicators
(in millions of euros) 2012 2011 2010
Revenues 4,027 3,993 3,821
EBITDA 951 840 765
as a % of revenues 23.6% 21.0% 20.0%
CAPEX 473 405 397
as a % of revenues 11.8% 10.2% 10.4%

Source: Orange

France Telecom-Orange operates in Spain via the wholly-owned
France Telecom Espafia subsidiary, hereinafter Orange Espafia.

Orange Espafia, operating under the Orange, OBS (Enterprise)
and Amena brands, offers fixed and mobile telecommunication
services to more than 13 million customers in the residential,
professional, business and wholesale segments.

In 2012, operations were still affected by the macroeconomic
environment, competitive pressure and negative regulatory
impact on interconnection prices. As a result, Orange Espaha
increased its total revenues of 4 billion euros by 0.9%. Fixed
telephony and Internet service revenues increased by 8.8% and
mobile revenues decreased by 0.7%. Disregarding the impact
of regulations, Orange’s revenues were up 3.7%.

Key Indicators

EBITDA grew by 13.3%, and the EBITDA margin went up
2.6 points compared to 2011, up to 23.6% despite economic
and competitive conditions thanks to Orange leadership
in market share growth and commercial costs reduction.
Additionally in 2012, Orange Espafa continued to carry out
its transformation programs, strict cost control policies and
operational efficiency improvement programs.

Orange continues its plans to transform its network in 2012 with
investments growing 16.8% compared to 2011, up to 11.8% of
revenue. Orange invested 117.8 million euros in RAN renewal
to increase available mobile bandwidth to customers and adapt
cell towers to the new frequencies acquired in 2011.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues — (in euro millions) 765 707 663
Number of Internet customers (in millions) 1.44 1.31 1.17
o/w narrowband 0.04 0.05 0.05
o/w broadband 1.40 1.27 1.11
ARPU (in euros per month) 33.0 32.4 31.8
Broadband Internet 33.0 32.4 31.8

Source: Orange

Orange Espafia’s strategy with regard to fixed services remained
focused on improving customer satisfaction and loyalty as
well as on improving margin by optimizing access costs while
enhancing value to customers with added value services such
as VoIP and adapted offers for business.

In 2012 Orange launched a new a data only plan named Mas
Profesional Solo Datos targeting Sohos along with a new
multiline voice and Internet set of plans for SMEs under the
offer Conecta PyMES. For large corporations, Orange offers
new tailored, value added services under the names Corporate
Business Trunking and Housing.

Focus on these priorities led Orange to a 9.5% increase in the
number of broadband customers and a 2% increase in average
revenue per user, which came to 33 euros per month.

The number of unbundled customers increased by 13.9% to
1,069,695 customers at the end of December 2012, with totally
or partially unbundled customers representing 83.6% of total
broadband customers.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 59
60

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Mobile telephony activities
'7 KEY INDICATORS

Spain

2012 2011 2010
Revenues — (in millions of euros) 3,262 3,286 3,158
Total number of customers (in millions) 11.8 11.7 11.3
o/w contract 8.1 7.6 7A
o/w prepaid 3.7 4.0 4.2
o/w 3G broadband 7.9 7.3 6.3
o/w broadband only (8G dongles) 0.48 0.55 0.55
Number of MVNO customers 1.79 1.48 1.20
ARPU total (in euros per month) 21.0 22.1 22.9
contract ARPU 28.2 30.7 31.8
prepaid ARPU 6.5 6.8 7.9
voice ARPU 15.5 17.3 18.8
data ARPU 58) 4.8 41
AUPU total (in minutes per month) 168.6 174.1 169.2
Churn rate (%) -29.8% -31.7% -34.3%

Source: Orange

Orange strategy in mobile, focus on customer satisfaction and
loyalty, adapting to new customer needs with innovative, simple
and best ‘value for money’ offers, enhances loyalty programs
and constantly improves quality of service.

To respond to the increasing need for economy of its customers,
Orange launched in July the new “Amena.com” offers, the
first low cost (SIM and web only) approach in the market with
unlimited voice and data traffic at the lowest price. In November,
Orange launched a new set of “Animales” tariffs “Ballena” to
respond to data intensive and multi devices users (smartphone
and tablets). In the business segment, Orange launched new
plans under its “Habla y Conecta’”, offering combined voice and
multidevice plans.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

On the loyalty side, Orange launched a new plan “Renove
Estilo Orange” in December 2011 offering existing customers
the same conditions for renewals than those offered to new
customers. This innovative approach resulted in a significant
churn reduction in contract offers and has been adopted as a
new standard by the market.

As a result of Orange focus, the number of postpaid customers
increased 6.4% versus previous year, yet prepaid customer
base reduced 7.6% due to intense competition from MVNOs,
including MVNOs hosted by Orange.

The decrease in total ARPU was limited to 4.7% despite
continued drop in prices and usage, thanks to increasing mobile
browsing penetration and improving value of Orange customer
base deriving from the success of its animal value tariffs, notably
voice and data plans Delfin and Ballena.
Orange Espafia’s offers

At December 31, 2012, the main offers are:

‘7 FIXED TELEPHONY AND INTERNET OFFERS

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Spain

ADSL and ADSL+ ADSL M xima velocidad Includes Broadband with up to 20 Mb download speed, unlimited calls
Orange TV 40.95 €/month / 30.95 €/month to national landlines, 1,000 mins/month to national mobiles (8pm-8am
(consumer) for convergent customers Mon-Fri 24hours Weekends and National Holidays), 1,000 mins/month to
5 Orange mobiles, 300 mins/month to international landlines (60 international
destinations included), Livebox (advanced modem) and monthly line rental
ADSL M xima velocidad +!TV Same services as ADSL Maxima velocidad + Orange TV (includes over
de Orange 50 channels). In addition the customer has the option to complete the TV
55.95 €/month / 45.95 €/month for package with Football (additional cost of 21.90 €/month) and/or Canal+1
convergent customers (additional cost of 16.90 €/month)
ADSL M s Profesional Targets self-employed and small business with direct coverage access from

(small business)

15,95 €/month first year, after
25,95 €

Orange. Includes land line (VoIP or PSTN voice), calls to fix national numbers

M s Profesional Solo Datos
9,95 €/month first year, after
15,95 €

Targets self-employed and small business with direct access from Orange.
ncludes land line and ADSL at maximum speed, excludes voice

Fixed multiline
voice and Internet
ADSL dual play

(business and

nai

ional

accoun

large

s)

Conecta PYMES

ADSL 2-8 analog/digital lines 60 €/

month-150 €/month

Target multiline voice self-employed and small business with or without PBX:
nclude ADSL at maximum available speed (20 Mb/s) and 24h flat rate calls
‘0 national fixed lines and Orange mobiles. Livebox for Business and monthly
ine rental included. Convergent discounts for Orange mobile customers

Fixed Voice
Services

Soluciones Personalizadas
ailored offer

Targets Tops small business and large national accounts, offers mobile voice
based on personalized discounts

(business and large — Corporate Business Trunking Fixed Voice over the Internet Protocol (VoIP) service compatible with TDM
national accounts) ailored offer and SIP customer PBX

Fixed Data Giganet Fixed data services connecting customer premises through an Ethernet
Services ailored offers network

(business and large Housing Fixed data services allowing customers to place their servers in Orange's
national accounts) ailored offers supervised centers

Fixed to mobile Mi Fijo Target multiline voice self-employed and small business. Includes a fixed lined
substitution 10 €, line and calls to fix numbers hrough mobile technology with fixed number and flat plan to national numbers
(business) 14 € first year, after 19 € 250min

‘© mobile
24 € first year, after 19 € 600min
‘© mobile

O cina Plus
Tarifa Optima 120, 180, 240, 360

Free CUG within the monthly fee. Base national tariff 0.15 €/min (0,15 € call

set up) + discount on base tariff depending on price plan and destination.

Discounts on international & roaming calls, SMS and data bundles

= 120: 4 €/monthly fee, 18 € minimun consumption (after discounts)
with a minimum of 120€ per customer

= 180: 4 €/monthly fee, 25 € minimun consumption (after discounts)
with a minimum of 180 € per customer

= 240: 3 €/monthly fee, 19 € minimun consumption (after discounts)
with a minimum of 240 € per customer

= 360: 2 €/monthly fee, and 20 € minimun consumption (after discounts)
with a minimum of 360 € per customer

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 61
62

overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Spain

‘7 MOBILE TELEPHONY OFFERINGS

Len
voice abundance
(contract consumer)

Len 33 83!€/month

500 minutes 24h, 1,000 SMS

Len25 25 €/month

300 minutes 24h, 1,000 SMS

Len 17 17 € month

150 minutes 24h, 1,000 SMS

Delf n
voice and data abundance
(contract consumer)

Delf n 60 60 €/month

Unlimited minutes 24h, 1 GB, 1,000 SMS

Delfn 40 40 €/month

500 minutes 24h, 500 MB

Delf n 30 80 €/month

800 minutes 24h, 300 MB

Delf n 20 20 €/month

300 minutes (6pm to 8am), 200 MB

Delfin 12. 12 €/month

60 minutes 24h, 500 MB (SIM only)

Ballena
multidevice and data intensive use
(contract consumer)

Ballena 55 55 €/month

500 minutes 24h, 1,000 SMS, 3 GB

Ballena 42 42 €/month

350 minutes 24h, 1,000 SMS, 2 GB

Ballena 32 82 €/month

200 minutes 24h, 1,000 SMS, 1.5 GB

Ballena 22 22 €/month

100 minutes 24h, 1,000 SMS, 1GB

Ardilla:
entry plan (contract consumer)

Ardilla 15 10 €/month

Minimum fee 15€/month, 8 euro cents/min, 150 SMS,
500 MB, 24h

Ardilla 8

Minimum fee 8 €/month, 8 euro cents/min, 24h

Ping ino
expenditure control (contract
consumer)

Pingino 10 €or 20 €/month
(automatic recharge)

Free calls to Orange numbers 6pm to 8am (max. 1,000 min),
weekend and holiday 24h. Other calls 14 euro cents/min

& Navegacin
20 €/month (automatic recharge)

Free calls to Orange numbers 6pm to 8am (max. 1,000 min),
weekend and holiday 24h. Other calls 10 euro cents/min.
Data traffic 150MB, 150 SMS

B sico SIM only
voice SIMO (contract consumer)

B sico 6

Minimum fee 6 €/month, 6 euro cents/min, 6 euro cents/SMS,
24h. (SIM only)

Len

Le n de Tarjeta

100 minutes 24h, 9 euro cents/SMS

voice abundance (prepaid) 7€/week

Delf n Delf n de Tarjeta 9 euro cents/min, 100 MB data, 50 SMS

Browsing voice and data (prepaid) 3.5€/week

Ardilla Ardilla de Tarjeta Minimum top-up of 5 €/month, 9 euro cents/min, 9 euro
voice entry (prepaid low cost) cents/SMS, 24h

Mundo SIM Mundo From 1cent/€ to fixed and mobile international calls 24h.
(prepaid for immigrants) 7cent/€ to fixed and mobile national calls 24h

Internet Everywhere Premium TEW35 10 GB at max. speed, then 128 kbps

Plan
(contract data)

35 €/month or 25 € for voice
contract users (free Modem Wifi)

Internet Everywhere Entry Plan
(contract data)

IEW19

19 €/month or 9 € for voice contract

users (free Modem Wifi)

2 GB at max. speed, then 64 kbps

Internet Everywhere
(prepaid data)

Daily bundle daily rate 3.5 €

250 MB at max. speed, then 64 kbps

Monthly bundle monthly rate

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

386 € 2 GB at max. speed, then 64 kbps
overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Spain
Habla Habla 9, 19, 29 9 €/month, 0,15 € setup fee, 1,000 min 24h
(small business abundance mobile 19 €/month, 250 min 24h
voice) 29 €/month, 450 min 24h
Habla y Navega Habla y Navega 19, 29, 39, 59 19 €/month, 150 min 24h, 5S0OMB
(small business abundance voice 29 €/month, 300 min 24h, 500MB
and mobile Internet access) 39 €/month, 500 min 24h, 5S00MB
59 €/month, 1.000 min 24h, 1GB 50MB Roaming
Habla y Conecta Habla y Conecta 35, 49, 69 35 €/month, 300 min 24h, 1GB, 1,000 SMS
(small business abundance voice 49 €/month, 500 min 24h, 2GB, 1,000 SMS
and multi device Internet access) 6 9€/month, 1,000 min 24h, 5GB, 1,000 SMS
SIM Only Habla y Navega 19 SIM 19 €/month, 250 min 24h, 500 MB, 1,000 MB
(small business abundance mobile
and Internet access without
handset subsidy)
Tarifas Optimas Tarifa Optima 120, 180, 240, 360 Free CUG within the monthly fee
(business and large national = Base national tariff 0,15 €/min (0,15 € call set up) + discount
accounts) on base tariff depending on price plan and destination
= Discounts on international & roaming calls, SMS and data
bundles
= 120: 4 €/monthly fee, 18 € minimun consumption
(after discounts) with a minimum of 120€ per customer
= 180: 4 €/monthly fee, 25 € minimun consumption
(after discounts) with a minimum of 180 €
= 240: 3 €/monthly fee, 19 € minimum consumption
(after discounts) with a minimum of 240 € per customer
= 360: 3 €/monthly fee, 19 € minimum consumption
(after discounts) with a minimum of 240 € per customer
Distribution Orange Espafa also distributes its services through remote

7 SEGMENTATION OF DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS sales channels and its own online sales portal.

(AS!A!%!OF!CUSTOMER ACQUISITIONS)
In 2012 Orange has completed the roll-out of the retail direct

6.8% 5.4% 5.2% channel reaching 400 points of sale. The sales through our
126% 12.8% 13.5% Exclusive, Online and Telesales Channels already represent
26.3% 23.7% 24.9% 80% of total sales.
54.2% Online The network

58.2% 56.3%

~ Customer Contact Centre .
BH Indirect Fixed network
’7 UNBUNDLING (IN!MILLIONS)

® Direct
2010 2011 2012
0.24
Source: Orange ox)
0.23 0.21
Orange retail distribution network consists of 2.971 points of 0.22
sale including: 0.28
m= Orange’s own shops; 0.94
061 0.78 ;
- Bitstream
= Franchises; Partial unbunding
® Total unbunding
= Specialized shops under the Orange brand;
2010 2011 2012

m= Non-exclusive specialized shops;
Source: Orange

= Anetwork of retailers.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
64

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

‘7 FIXED BROADBAND COVERAGE

Spain

2012 2011 2010
Number of accessible copper lines (in millions) 16.40 13.20 12.81
Number of households which can be connected by FTTH (in millions) 0.06 0.06 0.04
Number of NRA (in thousands) 879 615 589

Source: Orange

Orange Espana fixed access infrastructure, based on its own
optic fiber network and extensive ADSL roll-out, enables delivery
of advanced telecommunication services, including broadband
Internet access, VoIP, IPTV, TV streaming, VOD and advanced
business services.

Orange continues investing in fixed line network to improve
customer service and to support profitable growth in fixed
broadband. In 2012, the Company has invested in 264 additional

Mobile network

connections to incumbent’s MDFs, extending direct DSL access
to more than 16 million households, compared to 13 million at
the end of 2012.

In June 2012, Orange announced its plan to deploy anew FTTH
network. To that end, in March 2013, the France Telecom-
Orange Group signed an agreement with Vodafone for a joint
investment to link 3 million households by 2015, and 6 million
by 2017, 1.5 million of which would be through Orange Espafia.

2012 2011 2010
GSM Voix/EDGE 99.3% 99.2% 99.2%
3G (UMTS)/HSDPA 92.3% 90.6% 89.7%
Number of 2G radio sites (in thousands) 14.8 14.7 16.1
Number of 3G radio sites (in thousands) 11.2 11.0 9.6

Source: Orange

The process of mobile network access transformation keeps on
going. Two major plans were launched in 2011, “Radio Access
Network Renewal” and “Mobile Backhaul Refresh” to increase
coverage and available throughtput to Orange customers along
with reducing energy and maintainace costs.

With regards to the “RAN Renewal” program more than
7,000 mobile nodes have been swapped along the year 2012 to
state of the art new multi frequency equipment adapted for LTE.

Regarding the “Mobile Backhaul Refresh” program up to
4,500 nodes have been connected to the backhaul with very
high broadband technologies, either fiber to the node or the
new packet microwaves, and full IP connectivity.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Also in 2012, Orange has concluded the transformation of its
transport and core network to a single and convergent model,
with the migration of all mobile traffic transport to IP and the
upgrade of WDM (Wavelenght Division Multiplexing) multiplexes
and switches.

Investments in access allows more than 80% of Orange
customers to enjoy improved indoor coverage and increased
troghput while the new core and transport network provides a
more efficient and robust network, ensuring business growth
with high levels of quality and security.
overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Spain

Key Events
January = Orange, Telefonica and Vodafone announced the near availability RCS-e service in Spain
= Orange invested 23 million euros to renew its network in La Corufia and 19 million in Murcia
= Integration of Customer Centre in Oviedo in order to increase global customer satisfaction
February = Alliance with Banco Santander in NFC multi-brand
March = Orange launched Entre Nosotros (B2C offer, 0 cent/min among mobile lines, no set up fee, up to 1,000 min/month per line)
= Alliance with Malaga Company of Transport (EMT) in NFC
= Orange invested 12 million euros to renew its network in Vizcaya
= Orange invested 800,000 euros to deploy new ULL stations in Canary Islands
= Alliance with Group Aguas de Valencia for automatic reading of water meters
= Orange announced the maintenance of the subsidy of mobile phones
= Launch of Tranquillity services for mobile customers which allows customers to get a temporary replacement handset,
contacts backup, line with SIM Tranquillity and special customer care number 1474
= Orange launched Arranca tu Smartphone and Tu experto, assistance to set up and use high-end handsets
April = First augmented mobile app in Malaga to promote tourism
= Orange launched /nvita y Ahorra to reward customers who recommend Orange ADSL to family and friends
= Orange and Sanofi presented Platform Diabetic for the management of diabetic patients
= Orange extended its offer SIM Mundo to 20 new international destinations
= Orange launched Orange Tahiti, its new tablet with Orange brand
May = Canal +7 Movil in Orange TV mobile
= Launch of Tranquillity services for ADSL customers, includes online support via chat, expert help in setting up
and connect all the computers at home, an annual review of PC and a virtual hard disk of 15 Gb
= Launch of mobile app Protect Children
= Orange launched in Spain the new Samsung Galaxy S Ill
= Microsoft and Orange agreed to facilitate cloud services for Spanish SMEs
June = Orange Spain and UNICEF joined to launch the initiative Construye su Futuro to increase the quality of education
of over 220,000 children of the Dominican Republic
= Orange announced the mobile broadcast in live of championship Euro 2012
= Orange announced a plan to deploy a new generation network of fibre to the home (FTTH) in Spain, 300 million euros
investment during the next four years to deploy a FTTH network that will cover about 1.5 million homes and businesses
= Orange invested 12 and 10.5 million euros to renew its network in Las Palmas and Tenerife
= Improve or Travel: As part of the product Travel for roaming, Orange launched a data tariff of 5 Mb for only 1 €/day,
also offers a 50% discount on calls from Europe for only 1 €/day, which you pay only the day you talk. Orange also cut
its prices in Europe: 27% in incoming calls, 17% in outgoing calls, SMS 0.09 €
= Orange launched Amena.com, its new postpaid mobile phone service 100% online. Voice+SMS for 19 €/month
or Internet+voice+SMS 29 €/month
July = Orange invested 18 and 30 million euros to renew its network in Zaragoza and Alicante
= Orange launched its new catalogue of accessible solutions
August = Orange launched, Melovibe, a specific mobile application for people with hearing disability
September = Orange launched intensive data tariffs Ballenas, up to 3 Gb, free extra SIM, 24h calls and 1,000 SMS/month
from 22 €/month
= Launch of Mi Fijo for residential customers that used mobile network to provide fixed telephony services for 10 €/month
October = Orange launched the service double call for fixed telephony customers
= Yacom customers become Orange customers
= Orange invested 7 and 24 million euros to renew its network in Guipuzcoa and Seville
= Orange presented Colourcall mobile app developed specifically to improve accessibility in the use of mobile technology
for people with mild visual or hearing disabilities
= Orange launched Ser de Orange a new loyalty program for Orange ADSL customers who can enjoy benefits such
as discounts and special promotions, gifts, etc.
= Opening of the new customer care centre in Oviedo
November = Orange invested 24, 8 and 15 million euros to renew its network in Malaga, Huelva and Granada
= Orange launched its new offer Wi-Fi Movil, includes a 21 Mbps portable wireless router to use at any location
= Orange started to sell Huawei Ascend P71
= Orange improved range “Combina y Ahorra”, launched Dolphin 60, the third Amena.com tariff and Habla
y Navega 19 SIM
= Orange presented its corporate social responsibility report
= Movistar, Orange and Vodafone launch their enhanced communication services (RCS) under the brand Joyn™
December = Orange Spain announced the purchase of Simyo, MVNO owned by KPN in Spain, with 380,000 customers.

Orange will
This transa

continue using the brand Simyo and the company will continue to operate as a MVNO on Orange network.
ction will have no impact on Simyo customers, they will keep their current tariffs and service conditions

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

65
66

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Outlook

Spain, affected by a strong economic crisis since 2008, shows
an economic outlook still difficult and vulnerable. Despite the
sustained efforts in terms of fiscal consolidation, financial sector
restructuring and structural reforms, the Spanish economy is
not expected to see recovery until at least 2014.

Belgium

The telecommunication sector has adapted to the recession
context through:

m the appearance of low cost brands which offer tariffs with less
services but at lower prices; and

= a strong impulse to the convergence which let Operators
increase customer stickiness, offering mobile, Internet and
voice services in one product at a discounted price

This is putting higher pressure on revenues for most market
players, which still have to invest in new generation networks
(mobile and fixed) to face to the ever increasing customer
demand of bandwidth, thus also leading to a squeeze of
margins.

Nevertheless, in this panorama, Orange still sees opportunities
for growth, both in revenues and margins, reaffirming its target to
become the number one trusted alternative telecommunications
operator for basic services. To meet this goal, Orange Espafia
sticks to its Conquests 2015 plan, in which it has defined
strategic priorities for growth, action plans and objectives
focusing on increased speed and modernized infrastructure,
the simplicity and reliability of its products and services, the
role of its employees at the core of the Company, excellence in
customer relations and new services.

The main priorities in strengthening Orange’s value proposition
are:

= developing a portfolio of targeted, unique products;

= Offering services with the best possible quality/price ratio and
developing Amena.com as the reference low-cost brand;

6.3.4 Rest of the World

6.3.4.1
Belgium

Other European countries

The Telecom Services Market
'7.KEY MACRO-ECONOMIC INDICATORS

= increasing presence in growing customer segments that are
being overlooked;

lm using convergence to stand out from the competition through
bundled offerings and integrated services;

a further transforming the distribution channels;

m= evaluating next-generation services, focusing on simplicity
and segmentation.

The main priorities in improving customer experience and
satisfaction are:

= restructuring processes to improve the customer experience
and satisfaction;

® providing a unified customer experience throughout the entire
contact chain (points of sale, call centers, sales force);

m= segmenting customer service and operational support;
a further enhancing and developing loyalty programs.

The main priorities in improving operational/technical quality
and efficiency are:

m modernizing network access and core networks to boost
scalability and cost control and to ensure compatibility with
next generation networks (fourth mobile generation and Very
High Broadband);

= improving the quality of customer processes;

m upgrading IT platforms toward greater integration and
convergence to improve business efficiency and quality and
to reduce costs;

m= optimizing resources and reducing costs through increased
network sharing and streamlined purchasing.

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) “ 11.0 11.0 10.9
Households (in millions) ° 4.8 47 47
Growth in GDP (%) ® -0.2% +2.4% +2.1%
GDP per person (in euros PPP) ® 34,302 37,677 36,274
Change in consumption per household (%) 0.0% +1.6% +1.5%

Sources:

(1) STATBE

(2) FPB

(3) National Bank of Belgium

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
‘7 TELECOM SERVICES REVENUES (IN!BILLIONS OF EUROS)

8.3 8.2
3.6 3.6
15 14
2.5 25 © Data transfer

@ Fixed-line Internet
Fixed-Line Telephony
® Mobile Telephony

“i ’ rE

2011 2012

Source: Mobistar estimates

7 NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (IN MILLIONS)

12.4 12.5
3.6 3.6 3.2 3.2
2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012

Fixed-line Internet Fixed-Line Telephony Mobile Telephony

Sources: Mobistar estimates

Mobile Telephony

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Belgium

Belgium’s telecommunications market remained stable overall,
in terms of both volume and value. According to Mobistar’s
estimates, the number of active SIM cards in the Belgian market
represented around 114% of the population at the end of 2012.
The fixed broadband market is still strong, with volume growth
of roughly 2.7% year-on-year (source: Mobistar).

2012 saw changes to the regulatory framework with the
introduction of a new Telecommunications Law in October,
capping the duration of telecommunications — services
subscriptions at six months for residential customers and small
businesses.

Fixed-Line Telephony

Competition intensified in the fixed-line telephony and Internet
markets as triple play and bundled packages became the
standard offers in Belgium. The fixed-line broadband market
is dominated by incumbent operator Belgacom (the historical
player with national coverage) and cable operators, VOO
(Wallonia and Brussels) and Telenet (Flanders and Brussels), as
the level of full unbundling of the local loop is fairly low and prices
are relatively high. Fixed broadband offers have evolved towards
the provision of more television services, and the incumbent
operator has stepped up promotion of its bundled packages,
combining fixed-line and mobile Internet, and reinforced its
position in this segment.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of euros) 3,648 3,622 3,741
incl. subscriptions 2,848 2,783 2,847
incl. prepaid 800 839 894
Number of customers (in millions) 12.5 12.4 12.2
incl. subscriptions 7.0 6.4 6.1
incl. prepaid 5.5 6.0 6.1
Total ARPU (in euro per month) 24.1 24.7 26.1

Source : estimation Mobistar

The smartphone market continued to grow significantly in
2012 with the launch of new devices and commercial offers.
Traffic and revenues generated by data as a proportion of total
mobile revenues grew significantly year-on-year as a result.
Moreover, the proportion of subscription and prepaid services
in the Belgian market improved once more in 2012, with major
prepaid users tending to switch to subscription-based plans.

These developments partially offset the decline in ARPU, which
fell 2.4% as a result of regulatory pressures (reduction in mobile
termination and roaming rates) and competition in the Retail
and Business markets.

The mobile broadband market continued to grow, buoyed by
the introduction of a range of offers by the three operators and
the roll-out of pilot projects in preparation for 4G LTE networks.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 67
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6 overview of the group’s business

Belgium

The Competitive Environment

‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE! “
25.8% 250% 23.5%
32.5% 32.7% 34.9%
~ Base
41.7% 41.6% 41.6% © Mobistar
@ Proximus
2010 2011 2012

Source: Mobistar estimates
(1) Including MVNOs

The mobile market is split more evenly than the fixed-line market
between the three main players: Proximus (Belgacom’s mobile
telephony brand), Mobistar, and Base. Telenet, a virtual operator

Mobistar s activities
‘7 FINANCIAL AND OPERATING INDICATORS

on Mobistar’s mobile network, entered the market during 2012
and is the fourth largest mobile operator with a market share of
almost 3% at year-end.

Competition continued to heat up in 2012 in a saturated market
and in response to the new telecommunications law that
significantly cuts the contractual period for subscribers.

Belgacom_ subsidiary Proximus maintained its market
leadership thanks to increasingly convergent offers. Mobistar
slightly increased its market share on the back of its solid
positioning in the very buoyant smartphone segment and
attractive subscription offerings. Mobistar’s market share is also
influenced by the success of the innovative offers launched by
its partner Telenet during the second half of 2012. Base (the
KPN Group Belgium brand) pursued a very active customer
acquisition strategy, particularly in the prepaid market.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues — (in millions of euros) 1,605 1,611 1,621
Number of subscribers (in millions)
Fixed-lines 0.23 0.23 0.18
o/w Internet lines 0.07 0.08 0.06
Mobile customers 3.4 3.5 3.5
Total ARPU (in euro per month) 28 30 31

Source: Mobistar

France Telecom-Orange operates in Belgium via Mobistar,
which is listed on the Brussels stock exchange. The group
owns 52.9% of the share capital.

obistar ended 2012 with 3.4 million active mobile customers,
down 2.4% year-on-year. This decline is due primarily to
he fall in the number of prepaid customers. The number of
subscriber customers rose slightly, despite the drop-off in the
fourth quarter as a result of new legislation allowing customers
o switch providers after six months, free of charge. Mobistar
increased its market share in Belgium at 34%, (including Telenet
and excluding Machine to Machine cards, which increased to
518,000 at end-2012).

Subscription fees accounted for 68.1% of the total subscriber
base (excluding MVNOs) at year-end 2012, up from 66.3% in
2011.

The number of MVNO customers increased from 590,000
in December 2011 to 890,000 a year later, representing an
increase of 50.8%. The total customer base (Mobistar S.A.
+ MVNO) increased 5.3% year-on-year, from 4.1 million as of
the end of December 2011, to 4.3 million one year later.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Average revenue per user (ARPU) edged down due to the impact
of regulation (reductions in mobile termination and roaming
rates), and, to a lesser extent, the drop-off in voice traffic in
2012. This decline was partially offset by the increase in mobile
data traffic and unlimited SMS offers. The growing number of
subscribers with a mobile data plan and the increased use of
mobile Internet services on smartphones, tablets and PCs have
resulted in lifting the share of mobile data in telephony revenues
rom 37.1% in 2011 to 41.4% at end-2012.

Mobistar’s offers

lew subscriber plans in the Animal range (Ecureuil, Kangourou,
Dauphin and Panthére) were launched in April 2012 in anticipation
of the changes imposed by the new telecommunications law.

obistar also reacted to aggressive competition in the mobile
nternet market by reducing the price of its unlimited Kangourou
and Panthére plans and increasing the volume of data included
in its Dauphin plans to 500 megabytes per month for Dauphin
15, Dauphin 25 and Panthére 30. The price of the Panthére
unlimited monthly subscription was reduced from 90 euros to
75 euros, while Kangourou unlimited went down from 70 euros
to 60 euros. Panthére 60 now includes ten hours of call credit,
instead of the previous seven hours.

These price reductions and plan changes were very well
received by customers. At the end of December 2012, 43% of
Mobistar’s home subscribers were on an Animal plan.

Distribution
‘7 BREAKDOWN OF DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS
(AS!A!%!OF!CONSUMER CUSTOMER ACQUISITIONS)

71% TA% 7.6%
0.2% 0.8% 0.7%
48.1% 42.5% 44.3%
Online
© Customer Contact Center
44.6% 49.3% 47.4% @ Indirect
® Direct
2010 2011 2012

Source: Mobistar estimates

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Belgium

Mobistar’s distribution strategy has four main strands:

m very dense distribution, thanks to the development
of complementary distribution channels and regional
partnerships;

m= an emphasis on exclusive distribution (Mobistar Centers,
telesales), with particular efforts going to on-line sales;

= the protection of Mobistar’s share of sales [explain] in open
distribution channels;

m= segmentation of each outlet depending on its specific sales
potential.

In 2012, Mobistar’s network was made up of 163 stores,
confirming its status as the biggest retail chain in Belgium.
Mobistar owns 46 of these outlets (compared with 49 at the
end of 2011). Mobistar is also the exclusive telecommunications
supplier of Euphony, a door-to-door distribution company.
Online sales edged up from 7.4% for the retail segment in 2011
to 7.6% in 2012.

The network
‘7 COVERAGE (AS A % OF THE POPULATION)

2012 2011 2010
GSM Voice/Edge 100 % 100 % 99 %
3G (UMTS)/HSDPA 97 % 97 % 90 %
Number of 2G radio sites (in thousands) 3.3 3.3 3.3
Number of 3G radio sites (in thousands) 2.4 2.1 1.9

Source: Mobistar

In 2012, Mobistar pursued its roll-out strategy aimed at
reinforcing its interior coverage of customers’ homes, allowing
swift and inexpensive extension of 3G, and introducing an

Key Events in 2012

improved version of UMTS allowing speeds up to three times
faster (HSPDA technology available throughout Mobistar’s 3G
network).

March = The TV channel RTL and Mobistar launched Plug Mobile
= Mobistar to sell the new iPad in Belgium
April = Mobistar launched its commitment-free Animal subscription plans
May = Telenet and Mobistar extended their Full MVNO agreement for a further five years
June = Launch of a pilot 4G network in Antwerp
August = Mobistar teamed up with Orange Business Services to expand its IP VPN offer for the business market
September = Mobistar started sales of iPhone 5 in Belgium
October = Enactment of the new telecommunications law
November = Launch of the Personal Check-up service for Mobistar subscribers, offering personalized plan advice twice a year

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

69
70

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Outlook
Looking forward to the opportunities opening up in the Belgian
market from 2015, related in particular to the maturity of the 4G
market and cable infrastructure regulation, Mobistar decided
to accelerate investments in areas in line with its four strategic
priorities:

Luxembourg

m= Become the mobile market leader: Mobistar is rolling out its
SuperMobile 2013-2015 investment program to safeguard its
position in this market:

= In 2018, it will accelerate renewal of its 2G/3G network to
meet customers’ current needs,

= TO meet rising demand for mobile Internet, Mobistar will
swiftly deploy a 4G network on the 1,800 MHz bandwidth or
another spectrum that may become available in the future.

= Stand out from the competition through its services available
anytime and anywhere:

= Mobistar will continue to offer fixed-line access as an option
for its mobile services in 2013,

= it will prepare to introduce offers on regulated cable within
12 to 24 months, and will leverage all new opportunities
arising from the rapid deployment of the 4G network,

Luxembourg

= Mobistar will invest in developing services ensuring its
residential customers can stay connected anywhere and
anytime, for TV, on tablet computers, smartphones or in the
Cloud,

ain the B2B market, Mobistar will take advantage of its
growth in the Machine to Machine and corporate segments
to offer mobile connectivity 3.0 services to companies,
based on strategic partnerships, enabling employees to
use their personal devices for work and to access business
services in the Cloud;

m Deliver the best customer experience in the market: customer
satisfaction is part of Mobistar’s DNA and remains a key priority
or 2013. The company will accelerate its investment program
in online distribution, its retail outlets, loyalty programs and
customer test center to back this commitment. Mobistar
reaffirms its goal to deliver the best customer experience in
he Belgian market and become the preferred telecom brand
in Belgium;

a Implement its ACE (Agility - Cost - Execution) program to be
he benchmark for costs control.

The France Telecom-Orange Group is present in Luxembourg via Orange Communications Luxembourg S.A., a wholly owned

subsidiary of Mobistar S.A. (Belgium) acquired in July 2007.

"KEY MACRO-ECONOMIC INDICATORS:

2012 2011 2010
Population (in thousands) 524.8 511.8 502.0
Growth in GDP (%) 0.2% 1.70% 2.90%

Source: Eurostat — estimate for 2012

Competition in the mobile telephony market in Luxembourg is
intense. Orange Communication Luxembourg is in third place
in terms of market share, behind LUXGSM, a subsidiary of
the incumbent operator EPT (Entreprise des Postes et des
Télécommunications) and Tango, a subsidiary of the Belgian
Belgacom. EPT also holds the largest market share in the fixed-
line and Internet market.

Orange Communications Luxembourg achieved growth in a
challenging economic environment. At the end of 2012, the
Luxembourg subsidiary of Mobistar had a total of 105,805 active
mobile customers, up 6.6% compared with 2011. Its Machine to

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Machine customer base posted strong growth to 15,900 cards
at end-December 2012, from the 5,947 registered one year
earlier. Average revenue per customer (ARPU) increased 2.1%
year-on-year from 50.76 euros at the end of December 2011
to 51.88 euros at end-2012, despite the impact of roaming
regulations.

Telephony revenues rose by 8% to 65.5 million euros at year-
end, boosted by the success of its consumer contract plans
and Internet options. Revenues totaled 75.5 million euros at
end-2012, an increase of 14.8%.

overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Romania
Romania
The Telecom Services Market
'7 MACROECONOMIC DATA
2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 21.3 21.4 21.4
Households (in millions) °) 7A 71 7.4
GDP growth (%) “ +0.9% +1.5% -1.8%
GDP per capita (in dollars PPP) “ 12,838 12,358 11,895
Change in consumption per household (%) ° +0.3% +0.7% -2.0%

Sources:
(1) IMF October 2012
(2) National Institute of Statistics for 2012 and Eurostat for 2010 and 2011

'7 REVENUES FROM TELECOM SERVICES (IN!MILLIONS!OF!EUROS)

3.503 3.456
1,258 1,275
2,245 2,181 Fixed-line and data transfer
telecommunications
services”
™ Mobile Telephotty
2011 2012

Source: Ancom and Orange Romania's estimates

7 NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (IN MILLIONS)

26.4 26.1
3.4 3.4 3.0 4.1
— mz
2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012

Fixed-line Internét’ Fixed-line telephony Mobile telephony’

Sources:
(4) Ancom June 2012
(2) Orange Romania’s estimates

After a contraction of 1.6% inits GDP in 2010, Romania emerged
rom recession in 2011, with growth of 2.5% over the year. The
rend was sustained in 2012, despite a slowdown in the pace of
growth (0.9%). Public sector wages, cut by 25% in 2010 under
government austerity policies, were increased in two stages
during 2012, by 8% in June and a further 7% in December.
However, the severe drought during the summer months and
he contraction in the euro zone’s economy, combined with
political tensions at home had a negative impact on growth in
he second half. Direct foreign investment remained modest at
621 million euros in H1, compared with 874 million euros in the
same period in 2011. The local currency, the leu (RON), fell 5%
in the year, driving up the cost of loans denominated in euros
and shrinking household and company consumption.

The telecommunications market continued to contract in 2012,
in terms of both volume and value. Revenues continued to shrink,
albeit at a slower pace, due in the main to regulatory measures,
as reductions in fixed-line and mobile termination rates imposed
by the regulatory authority (-19% in Q1 and -24% in Q3 2012)
cancelled out the first signs of a return to growth. The fall in
value in the telecommunications sector is estimated at 2%, with
an ongoing decline in fixed-line and mobile services revenues.
Internet and data transfer are the sole growth segments, driven
by the success of data and broadband services. Constant
pressure on prices is the main characteristic of this market.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 71
72

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Romania

Mobile Telephony

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of euros) 2,181 2,245 2,322
Number of customers (in millions) 26.4 26.4 28.5
o/w subscription 10.6 10.2 10.4
incl. prepaid 15.8 16.2 18.1

Source: Orange Romania's estimates

Following a severe reduction in 2011, the number of mobile
customers stabilized at roughly 26 million in 2012, due
essentially to the cancellation of inactive prepaid cards in the
customer databases of all carriers.

During the year, Orange Romania introduced a number of
innovative services to the market, such as the first high-definition
international voice calls between Romania and Moldova and the
launch of 4G in December.

The Romanian regulator, Ancom, conducted a frequency
spectrum auction in 2012 and Orange Romania secured
he frequencies it needs until 2029 for a total investment of
227 million euros. This successful tender confirms Orange’s
long-term commitment to the Romanian market.

Orange Romania s activities
‘7 FINANCIAL AND OPERATING INDICATORS

The Competitive Environment

‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE
4.9% 5.2% 6.0%
24.0% 24.6% 24.6%
34.4% 31.5% 30.3%
RCS/RDS
© Cosmote
36.7% 38.7% 39.2% ®@ Vodafone
@ Orange
2010 2011 2012

Source: Orange Romania's estimates

The solid commercial performance recorded in 2012 by Orange
Romania consolidates its leadership position and increases its
market share 0.5 points to 39%. The gap between it and its
main competitor, Vodafone Romania, widened to more than
2 million customers (Source: Ancom), while Cosmote, in third
position, maintained the same market share as in 2011.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of euros) 912 937 973
Number of subscribers (in millions)
Mobile Customers 10.2 10.2 10.5
o/w broadband 3.5 3.4 3.2
Total ARPU (in euros per month) 6.5 6.8 6.9

Source: Orange Romania

France Telecom-Orange operates in Romania via Orange
Romania, in which it has a 96.8% stake.

Total revenues for Orange Romania fell 2.7% year-on-year, but
underlying growth (stripping out the impact of the reduction in
call terminations) returned to positive territory (+1.4%), with an
acceleration in the last quarter.

Orange Romania passed the 4 million subscribers mark in
2012, with a client base of 10.2 million.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

This rise is mainly attributable to the strong growth in the
Animals offers in the residential market and_ increased
smartphone penetration among customers, which boosted
revenue from data. Mobile data traffic grew almost 45% in the
year, demonstrating an appetite for mobile Internet and smart
devices.

Orange Romania is the only operator in the Romanian market to
have launched the new iPad and iPad mini, offering innovative
monthly instalment options in collaboration with a number of
banks.
lt continued to promote more segmented contract subscription
offers, and introduced a new Animal offer (Kangaroo) in the
second half to meet the growing demand for mobile data
services, which includes in-store support for mobile data use.

Orange Romania also launched new options in the prepaid
market, backed by a very popular Chitoi ad campaign.

it also rolled out initiatives to expand the services available in
its retail outlets, introducing international money transfers in
partnership with Money Gram, and mobile phone repairs in five
dedicated Orange Care centers.

n 2012, Orange Romania and Equant Romania, both
subsidiaries of France Telecom-Orange, consolidated their
extensive expertise in fixed-line and mobile voice and data
solutions (international IP network and outsourced services
or the corporate market) with offers integrated under a single
banner. Orange’s major accounts will benefit from the high-
level professional expertise and knowledge brought to the
ront by this unprecedented tie-up, which offers them a range
of integrated and collaborative communication solutions and
cutting-edge national and international infrastructure.

The network
‘7, COVERAGE (AS A % OF THE POPULATION)

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Romania

Distribution
‘7 SEGMENTATION OF DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS
(AS!A!%!OF!CUSTOMER ACQUISITIONS)

1% 1%
Customer Online
Contact a
Center
pe\.

29%

Direct > 2012

Y 63%
Indirect

Source: Orange Romania

In 2012, Orange Romania continued to develop its franchise
business, while optimizing its presence and the performance
of its own sales outlets, relocating some and modernizing its
image.

2012 2011 2010
GSM Voice/Edge 99.9% 99.9% 99.5%
3G (UMTS)/HSDPA 99.8% 87.8% 55.3%
Number of 2G radio sites (in thousands) AA 3.9 3.5
Number of 3G radio sites (in thousands) 3.7 2.6 1.4

Source: Orange Romania

Orange Romania concentrated network investments in 2012
on improving the customer experience and the quality of its
customer service. Its program to expand 3G network coverage
in rural areas was successfully completed in Q2 2012, with
8G coverage increased from 55% of the population in 2010 to
99.8%. The program went beyond simply extending coverage
and set out to achieve energy savings and cut the number of
site interventions.

At the end of 2012, Orange Romania offered 3G services
throughout the country, providing the fastest mobile data
network in the country with 3G+ and speeds of up to 21.6 Mbps
in more than 13,000 localities, and H+ with speeds of up to
43.2 Mbps/s in 260 towns and villages.

In addition to these advantages, Orange offers quality high-
definition voice telephony to its customers. Orange was named
best file download service operator in July 2012, based on tests
conducted at various urban and rural locations comparing all
mobile operators in the Romanian market by an independent
firm (P3 Communications).

Orange Romania rolled out a 4G-LTE offer in December 2012 to
deliver very high-speed data services, with download speeds of
up to 75 Mbps and upload speeds of up to 37.5 Mbps.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

73
74

overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Slovakia
Key Events
January Launch of a payment and quick access offer, in partnership with the Bucharest metro system

March Launch of a new loyalty program
April Orange Romania celebrated its tenth anniversary
May = Launch of new online applications (with options for customers to select the most appropriate offers
and test their Internet connection speeds)
= End of the rural network refurbishment program, extending 3G coverage
June = Launch of the NFC pilot (contactless technology), in partnership with BRD bank
= Launch of Orange Explorer, an interactive app for smartphones based on augmented reality
July = Launch of a new range of Options offers for prepaid customers
= Orange named best file download service operator in Romania, based on independent comparison tests conducted
by P3 Communications
August = integration of OBS local activities
September = Acquisition of frequency spectra in the 800 MHz, 1,800 MHz, and 2,600 MHz bandwidths, for the next 16 years
= Launch of Kangaroo, the first mobile service in Romania to include unlimited Facebook, Yahoo and Orange portal access
October = World first high-definition international call between Romania and Moldova
= Launch of the innovative SMS taxi call service, Clever Taxi
= Introduction of fourth-generation iPad and iPa‘ mini
November = Launch of international money transfer services with Money Gram
= Launch of unlimited music with Deezer
= Launch of Orange Expert for smartphone users, available in stores, online or by phone
= Launch of 4G
December = Launch of the innovative i-Rewind video recording app in ski resorts
Outlook = maintain its leadership of the field for innovation, by introducing
In 2013, Orange Romania is aiming to: new services to the market;
= maintain its leadership position in the Romanian mobile = offer premium quality services and personalized customer
market, building on the strength of the Orange brand; service;
= continue to offer its customers the best digital experience = develop fourth-generation mobile services.
available;
Slovakia

The Telecom Services Market
'7.KEY MACROECONOMIC INDICATORS

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 5.5 5.4 5.4
Households (in millions) ° N/A 2.8 2.8
GDP growth (%) “? 2.6% 3.3% 4.2%
GDP per capita (in dollars PPP) 24,284 23,304 22,122
Change in consumption per household (%) ° -0.4% -0.5% -0.3%

Sources:
(1) IMF
(2) Eurostat

(3) Slovakian government

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
'7 REVENUES FROM TELECOM SERVICES (IN!MILLIONS!OF!EUROS)

1,606 1,543

«= ° a
159
180 171

1,222 1,153
@ Data transfer

™@ Fixed internet
Fixed telephony
™ Mobile telephony

2011 2012

Source: Orange Slovensko

7 NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (IN MILLIONS)

6.0 6.1

08 1.0 12 «12
| | oe
2011-2012 2011-2012 2011-2012

Fixed internet Fixed telephony Mobile telephony

Source: Orange Slovensko

Mobile Telephony

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS.
Slovakia

In 2012, the telecommunications services market continued the
downward trend of the previous years (a fall of 4.0% in 2012
compared with 2.0% in 2011). The economic backdrop was
marked by a slight increase in GDP of 2.6% (a slowdown from
the 3.3% growth reported in 2011) driven mainly by exports in
the automotive and electronic sectors in particular. Adjusted for
inflation, household consumption fell 0.4% year-on-year, while
unemployment increased due to the global economic crisis,
reaching 13.7% of the active population (source: IMF).

Other factors aside from the economic environment contributed
to the contraction in the market, particularly reduced call
termination rates and pressure on retail prices attributable to
heightened competition.

Like in previous years, the fixed-line telephone market (including
VoIP) continued its decline in 2012 (down 1.9% in number of
customers), although VoIP helped limit the fall. The market for
fixed Internet services grew 23.7% in volume and 10.3% in
value in 2012, totaling 1 million customers at year-end. Orange
Slovensko’s Internet market share rose from 6.2 to 7.5% in
2012.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of euros) 1,153 1,224 1,255
o/w subscriptions 992 1,051 1,074
o/w prepaid 161 173 181
Number of customers (in millions) 6.1 6.0 5.8
o/w subscriptions 43 44 3.9
o/w prepaid 1.9 1.9 1.9
Source: Orange Slovensko (including M2M)
In 2012, contract customers accounted for more than 70% of ’7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE

Orange Slovensko’s total customers and 86% of its revenues
(source: Orange Slovensko). The mobile penetration rate
exceeds 100% and the average number of (voice) SIM cards
per active user is 1.14 (Source: Orange Slovensko).

The Competitive Environment
‘7 BROADBAND INTERNET MARKET SHARE

27.9% 26.5% 38.3%
6.1% 6.2% =
9.3% 10.8% a Other
12.1% ™ Orange
56.7% 56.5% 42.1% ™ UPC
© Slovak Telecom
2010 2011 2012

Source: Orange Slovensko

Issel) 25 [I a9

35.0% 32.2% 31.6%

49.7% 48.5% 46.5% "02
T-Mobile
@ Orange

2010 2011 2012

Source: Orange Slovensko estimates

Slovakia is an increasingly complex and competitive market,
with a wide variety of offers available to consumers and
businesses, including ADSL, fiber-to-the-home (FTTH), cable
and mobile broadband Internet.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
76

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Orange Slovensko competes against two other operators,
Telefonica O2 and Telekom (51% owned by Deutsche Telekom).
Q2’s 2007 entry into the Slovak mobile market increased
competition. In 2012, O2 continued to increase its market share

Slovakia

'7 ORANGE SLOVENSKO S ACTIVITIES

via an aggressive low cost strategy that also served to sharpen
the drop in ARPU. However, Orange Slovensko has maintained
its number one ranking in mobile telephony with a market share
of 46.5% in volume and over 50% in value.

Revenues (in millions of euros)
Number of subscribers
Internet lines FTTH
Mobile customers

o/w broadband

Total ARPU_ (in euros per month)

(in millions)

Source: Orange Slovensko

Orange provides mobile services in Slovakia via its wholly
owned subsidiary Orange Slovensko (OSk). Orange Slovensko
was formed in 1996 and obtained its GSM license the same
year. In August 2001, its license was extended to GSM 1800
technology. Orange Slovensko was subsequently granted a
UMTS license in June 2002 for a 20-year period.

In 2006, Orange Slovensko entered the mobile broadband
Internet market, with the launch of HSDPA technology on its
8G UMTS network. The following year, Orange Slovensko
introduced triple play offers (fixed-line telephony, Internet
access and TVoIP), using fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) technology.
At the end of 2012, this network covered 315,000 households
(55,562 of which are Orange customers), with speeds of up to
100 Mbps.

In June 2012, Orange Slovensko introduced WoW, a new range
of commercial offers, which mark a breakthrough in relation
to other offers on the market. The WoW plans offer attractive
deals including unlimited traffic (voice, SMS and data) and a
degressive rate according to usage. In September 2012,
Orange Slovensko unveiled an innovative TV service to enhance
its portfolio of fixed-line and mobile service offers.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

2012 2011 2010
676 737 755
0.06 0.05 0.05
2.9 2.9 2.9
1.9 2.1 2.1
17.2 18.9 20.1
Distribution
BREAKDOWN BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL
(IN!%!OF!SALES!ACTIONS)
Distribution and Partnerships
3.4% 4.6% 3.9%
2.71% 5.8% 8.9%
11.9% 10.4% 9.7%
Online
82.1% 79.2% 71.5% © Customer contact center
® Direct
@ Indirect
2010 2011 2012

Source: Orange Slovensko

Orange Slovensko sells its products and services in Slovakia
through various distribution channels:

m= Orange Slovensko retail stores, which only sell Orange
products. In 2012, there were 155 (one of which was directly
operated and 154 of which were under franchise contracts);

m= sales teams attached to Orange stores (responsible for
information and sales to VIP and business customers),
and door-to-door sales specialists for FTTH products and
services;

= specialized distributors and retailers selling prepaid cards;

ma_ specialized sales team under Orange Slovensko’s
responsibility, dedicated to the acquisition and loyalty-building
of business customers;

m= acustomer service platform under Orange Slovensko’s direct
management;

man online sales website (www.orange.sk/eshop/), where
customers can buy Orange products, services and
accessories.
overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Moldova
The Network
‘7 COVERAGE (IN % OF POPULATION)
2012 2011 2010
GSM Voice/EDGE 99.8% 99.7% 99.6%
3G (UMTS)/HSDPA 72.3% 71.1% 69.2%
Number of 2G radio sites (in thousands) 2.03 1.96 1.94
Number of 3G radio sites (in thousands) 1.41 1.34 1.24

Source: Orange Slovensko

The investments made by Orange Slovensko in 2012 again
focused on improving the quality of 3G coverage in urban areas
(densification, indoor coverage, migration to HSDPA+) while
reducing operating costs, and on modernizing the transmission

network (Backhaul refresh) to cope with the growth in traffic and
to continue improving bandwidth and reliability (FTTC project -
fiber to the curb).

Key Events
January = DSL - Orange Slovensko expands its fixed Internet offers with DSL Internet access
June = WOW - Orange Slovensko introduces an unlimited calling plan with sliding rates ranging from 0.13 € to 0.055 €
per minute
= Orange GO — Orange Slovensko unveils a multimedia application designed to encourage the use multimedia

with faster, easier access and features like usage tracking, music, chat, and e-books.

September = Orange TV — Orange Slovensko introduces a new service that allows users to access 7 day archive TV programmes,
VOD, and watch TV shows on several different devices like TVs, computers, tablets, and smartphones (this service

can also be used outside the Orange network)
WOW Prepaid Plan

— Orange Slovensko adds a prepaid plan to its WOW lineup, in an effort to build customer loyalty

Q3 = Centrex IP

Outlook

The investments made by Orange Slovensko in 2013 will
continue to be focused on improving the quality of 3G coverage
in urban areas (densification, indoor coverage, migration to

Moldova

Telecom Services Market
'7.KEY MACRO-ECONOMIC INDICATORS

— Orange Slovensko introduces a bundled package offering fixed-line and mobile services to businesses

HSDPA+), and on modernizing the transmission network
(backhaul refresh) to cope with the growth in traffic, and to
continue improving bandwidth and reliability (FTTC project —
fiber to the curb).

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 3.6 3.6 3.6
GDP growth (%) 1.0% 7.0% 6.9%
GDP per person (in dollars PPP) 3,540 3,383 8,092

Source: Moldavian national statistics bureau, Ministry of the Economy, IMF

oldova’s political situation remains complex, with an uncertain
economic outlook. The country’s Ministry of Economics lowered
its GDP growth forecast during the year, while consumer prices
jumped 4.4% according to the national statistics office. Real
GDP growth was dented by slower growth in the agriculture
industry along with a 4.4% year-over-year drop in exports,
reduced consumer spending, and the European debt crisis.

However, domestic consumption was lifted by remittances
from Moldavians living abroad, which account for between 25%
and 30% of the country’s GDP. The country’s demographics
are affected by the large number of working-age Moldavians
emigrating to find jobs abroad.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

77
78

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Moldova

'7 REVENUES FROM TELECOM SERVICES (IN BILLIONS OF LEI)
5.90 6.00
0.

1
oo

1.7 1.6
37 @ Data transfer
3.6 (excl xDSL)
@ Fixed internet (xDSL)
Fixed telephony
™ Mobile telephony
2011 2012

Source: Anrceti

Revenues from telecom services in Moldova totaled 6 billion lei
in 2012, up 1.9% from the previous year mainly driven by the
healthy growth in the fixed-line Internet and mobile businesses.

Revenues from the fixed-line Internet business soared 17.3%
in 2012, while those from the mobile business rose 2.6%.
The fixed-line telephony business saw revenues shrink 5% to
1.6 billion lei. Revenues from data transfer services edged up
2%.

Mobile services accounted for 61.3% of telecom revenues
from Moldova in 2012, up 0.4 percentage points from 2011.
Fixed-line telephony services accounted for 25.9% (down
1.8 percentage points) and fixed-line Internet and data transfer
services together made up 12.8% (up 1.4 percentage points).

7 NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (IN MILLIONS)

4.3
3.4
1.2 1.2
0.4 0.4 ||
|
2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012

Fixed internet Fixed telephony Mobile telephony

Source: Anrceti

The number of customers in Moldova grew by 13.2%, or
0.7 million, to reach 5.9 million. Most new customers were
in the mobile telephony business, which added 0.6 million
subscribers, or an increase of 16.2%.

The country’s mobile penetration rate is at 91%, with a
substantial growth opportunity from consumers who sign up
with more than one operator. This has resulted in an increase
in intra-network traffic and a reduction in ARPU. The customer
growth that some telecom operators are reporting is due to
an extension of the length of time that prepaid cards are valid,
rather than to actual new customer wins.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

The number of customers at non-mobile businesses remained
almost stable in 2012 with 0.4 million fixed-line Internet
subscribers and 1.2 million fixed-line telephony subscribers.

The Competitive Environment

‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE
4.1% 5.4% 7.1%
32.7% 34.3% 39.6%
63.2% 60.3% 52.7% © Unite
® Moldcell
@ Orange
2010 2011 2012

Source: Anrceti

The country has 24 fixed-line and three mobile telephony
operators. Numerous companies also provide fixed-line Internet

access, data transfer, broadcasting, and rebroadcasting
services.
Orange Moldova’s mobile market share by volume shrank in

2012 due to competition from two other operators. However
the company remains the market leader despite the challenging
economic, competitive, and regulatory environment. Orange
Moldova focused on maintaining its market share by value
during the year, with measures to boost customer loyalty and
satisfaction.

Moldcell (a TeliaSonera company) is the country’s second-
leading operator and expanded its market share in terms of
volume by five percentage points in 2012, largely by:

= increasing its subscription fees and rates for calls to other
oldcell customers, and lowering its rates for off-network
calls by 28%;

m= segmenting its customer base and offering special advantages
‘o high value subscribers (10% of the company’s sales);

= having billable options like ringtone selection activated by
default;

m= opening Moldcell Aero stores in certain regions, which
boosted the company’s market share by volume but not by
value.

Unite (a Moldtelecom company) is Moldova’s_§ third-leading
operator and is slowly but steadily gaining market share; it
added two percentage points in 2012. Unite’s strategy is based
on:

= Offering new customers lifetime free, unlimited calls to other
Unite customers and unlimited fixed-line calls for two years;

= running advertising campaigns focusing almost exclusively on
price;

= subsidizing low-end 3G handsets and smartphones with
24-month contracts.
overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Moldova
Orange Moldova s activities
'7 FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL INDICATORS
2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of lei) 2,683 2,640 2,569
Number of subscribers (in millions) 2 1.8 1.7
Total mobile ARPU (in lei per month) 111.9 118.2 125.6

Source: Orange Moldova
(1) 1 leu = 0.0642 euros

France Telecom-Orange operates in Moldova via Orange
joldova, in which it has a 94.31% stake.

Orange Moldova’s revenues grew 1.6% in 2012 despite the
ough economic climate and political uncertainty, thanks
argely to more calls made by subscribers and to promotions
hat drove up sales of naked handsets and accessories.
Declining revenues from prepaid outgoing calls were offset by
higher revenues from incoming calls and roaming, reflecting
ower rates for mobile call terminations and higher usage.

Offers
Orange Moldova's strategy for improving customer loyalty and
satisfaction includes:

= rolling out its corporate communications platform Orange
Best for You;

'7 KEY EVENTS

m enhancing its services line-up with free calls to three numbers
or long-standing customers, a free amount of data storage
capacity included with smartphones, text alerts if a customer
has exceeded his plan, customer support, and technical
support in Orange Moldova stores;

= Offering a payment by monthly instalements option for
handsets;

a targeting different calling plans, services, and handsets to
different customer segments.

D

May 2012 7

1]
DSeaQ D

roduction of SUN, a single top-up card for prepaid calls, subscriptions, and mobile Internet services

fevamping of the company’s prepaid plans with a new OPTIM rate plan, a basic plan at 30 lei, free additional time
ven with top-up payments (based on the top-up amount)

roduction of a prepaid Internet Acum access service

evamping of the company’s Animals services line-up

October 2012

Ds

roduction of the Mobile elD authentication service
‘ollout of mobile banking service SMS Banking
roduction of online credit card payments (e-shop and top-ups)

November 2012

roduction of Stop the Clock, a special offer where all calls to Orange Moldova customers are free after the third minute

D> 5D 5

roduction of the iPhone 5 and a monthly payment option for telephones

Rollout of 4G

Outlook

Orange Moldova intends to maintain its leadership position and
keep its market share by value in the mobile market, in spite
of the country’s sluggish economy. The company plans to do
this by building customer loyalty and strengthening its brand
positioning.

The company’s main goal for 2013 will be to encourage greater
customer usage with a focus on prepaid plans, greater cell
phone penetration in rural areas and rising demand for data
services.

In the consumer segment, Orange Moldova’s greatest challenge
will be to strengthen its leadership position in mobile telephony
amid the trend towards bundled packages. In the business
segment, the company will strive to maintain operational
excellence and thereby meet its customers’ needs.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 79
80

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Armenia

Armenia

The telecommunication services market

and!the competitive landscape

The telecommunications market in Armenia is divided among
three main operators: Orange Armenia which is only present
on the mobile market; mobile operator Vivacell which is a
subsidiary of the Russian operator MTS; and incumbent
operator Armentel (fixed-line operator and subsidiary of Russian
operator Vimpelcom) which operates under the Beeline brand.
There are also numerous fixed Internet access providers such
as UCOM (fiber optic at Erevan) and Rostelecom.

The total revenues of the various operators represent more than
4% of GDP. Revenues increased slightly in 2012 for the three
main operators compared to 2011, driven by GDP growth and
the build-up in Orange Arménie’s activities. Mobile penetration
at the end of 2012 was close to 91% of the population.

Estimated market shares at the end of 2012 were Vivacell 62%,
Beeline 21%, and Orange Arménie 17% (source: Orange).
Orange Arménie’s market share remained stable overall in
2012 and Orange retains its position as the third operator in
the country.

The Internet market, which up until two years ago was still
under-developed, has continued its sustained growth with
a penetration rate of more than 54% of households at end-
2012. This development has favored the three main operators,
whereas there are signs of consolidation among the smaller
access providers. Orange Arménie is the leader for mobile
Internet and has more than 63% of the market. 3G/HSPA
technology accounts for roughly 34% of broadband access
nationally, but has lost ground slightly to fixed-line Internet.
Beeline has a monopoly on ADSL offers with a strong increase
in its customer base.

Orange s Activities in Armenia

Orange Arménie was granted a license to operate mobile
communication services in the 900, 1,800, and 2,100 MHz
bandwidths on November 19, 2008, for a period of 15 years.
Commercial operations were launched in November 2009 and
the Company has implemented a generalist operator strategy
aimed at all market segments, with a range of services that
includes voice and broadband Internet, using an extensive
2G/3G/HSPA network, a fully integrated and convergent
solution (intelligent network and value-added services) and a
broad distribution network.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

At end-2012, Orange Arménie had some 512,000 active mobile
customers, mainly with prepaid packages and 85,000 active
mobile Internet customers. Hybrid retail offers were redesigned
and have proven extremely popular with the 69,000 customers
concerned at end-2012.

Orange Arménie grew revenues 48% year-on-year to 20 billion
Armenian drams (some 40 million euros) in 2012, due to a
combination of relatively low ARPU for voice offers and high
ARPU for data use.

Distribution
Orange Arménie has an extensive distribution network with
75 stores under the Orange brand (of which 67 are under
franchise) and 850 indirect sales outlets. Over 6,000 sales
outlets sell prepaid recharges (including Orange stores, scratch
card sales outlets, banks, ATMs, electronic recharging outlets).

The network

In 2012, 22 new radio sites were rolled out and the existing
network capacity was also increased in response to the marked
growth in voice and data traffic.

Key Events

In 2012, Orange Arménie focused on improving its revenues,
and paid special attention to the quality of its service in order to
reinforce customer loyalty.

Significant events during the year included the roll-out of offers
for families, the launch of HSPA+ at 42 Mbps (Orange Arménie
is the only operator in the Armenian market with this type of
offer), a prepaid Internet offer, improved quality and refresh of
older price plans. It also launched Kasperski and other specific
offers.

Outlook

In 2013, Orange Arménie will continue to focus on improving
the ARPU of its existing customer base and on creating value
by acquiring new mobile and Internet customers. The quality of
services, its close relations with its customers and innovation
remain at the heart of its strategy to reach these objectives.
overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Egypt
6.3.4.2 Africa and the Middle East
Egypt
The Telecom Services Market
‘7 KEY MACROECONOMIC INDICATORS
2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 82 80.4 78.7
GDP growth (%) 2.0% 1.7% 5.1%
GDP per capita (in dollars PPP) 6,557 6,454 6,344

Source: IMF

The pace of Egypt’s gross domestic product (GDP) growth in
2012 is estimated at 2%, 0.3 points higher than in 2011. The
events that led to the change of political regirne highlighted
the economy’s structural weaknesses, such as rampant
unemployment, income disparities and social problems. The
country’s macroeconomic situation should gradually improve,
with a return to significant GDP growth (4%-6%) expected
in 2014. These forecasts are to a large extent hinged on the
outcome of the ongoing political transition, the implementation
of political reforms needed to make the country a more attractive
place to invest (especially for foreigners), and the ability to get
the tourism market started again.

7 NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (IN MILLIONS)

‘7 TELECOM SERVICES REVENUE
(IN!BILLIONS!OF!EGYPTIAN!POUNDS)

40.9
37.8 19)
17 33
3.6
32.5 35.7
© Fixed Internet
Fixed telephony
® Mobile telephony
2011 2012

Source: Arab Advisors Group, Egypt Telecom Market Indicators & Projections, June 2012

2012 2011 2010
Mobile telephony (in millions) 104.1 94.4 79.8
Penetration rate (as % of population) 125.1% 115.6% 100.2%
Fixed broadband Internet (ADSL) (in millions) 2.0 1.8 1.4
Penetration rate (as % of population) 2.4% 2.2% 1.8%
Fixed telephony (in millions) 7.7 8.0 9.3
Penetration rate (as % of population) 9.3% 9.8% 11.7%

Source: Arab Advisors Group, Egypt Telecom Market Indicators & Projections, June 2012

Mobile Telephony
104.1

cao
8.0 17 18 2.0
6) fs] a) Be)
2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012

Fixed Telephony Fixed broadband Internet (ADSL) — Mobile telephony

xx Penetration rate (as % of population)

Source: Arab Advisors Group, Egypt Telecom Market Indicators & Projections, June 2012

The Egyptian mobile telephony market is comprised essentially
of pre-paid customers. Operators are increasingly extending
their offers into the lower end of the market, reducing
connection charges, offering inexpensive handsets and allowing
customers to recharge small amounts. This strategy is aimed to
acquire middle-class and rural customers, and has resulted in
a reduction of the average revenue per unit (ARPU). Political
events had a big impact on the telecommunications market in
2012. The tourism sector in particular experienced a sharp drop
in activity, resulting in a substantial fall in roaming revenues.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 81
82

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

While the penetration rate of fixed-line telephones continues to
fall, and the development of the broadband Internet remains
very limited, the mobile penetration rate continues to increase,
offering the possibility of growth in the data and mobile Internet
businesses. The mobile penetration rate was 125% at end-
2012, with 104 million SIM cards in circulation (Source: Arab
Advisors Group, Egypt Telecom Market Indicators & Projections,
June 2012).

Egypt

The Competitive Environment
‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE

30.1%

Etisalat A

\ \
35.5%
Vodafone a

Source: Mobinil estimates

The Egyptian market is characterized by an_ increasingly
competitive environment. Most competition is between mobile
operators, but is also moving increasingly into the Internet and
B2B markets. At the same time, alliances and integrations

Mobinil activities
‘7 FINANCIAL AND OPERATING INDICATORS

are changing the shape of the telecommunications market
and leading different players to move towards a convergence
strategy.

ECMS was the first operator to launch mobile services in Egypt,
which it did in 1998 under the Mobinil brand. Vodafone Egypt
was the second operator to enter the market, also in 1998 under
the ClickGSM brand, and has positioned itself in the high value
added customer segment thanks to its 3G network. Etisalat, a
subsidiary of Etisalat U.A.E., entered the market in 2007 with an
aggressive low-cost strategy.

Despite the highly competitive market, Mobinil managed to
increase subscriber numbers in 2012 and maintain its number-
two spot in with a 34.4% market share (source: Mobinil
estimates). Vodafone remains the market leader with a 35.5%
share, and Etisalat—the most recent entrant—is in third place
with a 30.1% share.

Since Etisalat arrived with its aggressive low-cost strategy, it
has been steadily gaining market share from the other two
major players. Its positioning has also put downward pressure
on rates; Vodaphone and Mobinil were forced to decrease
theirs to stem the erosion in market share. Mobinil was able to
stabilize its market share in 2012 thanks to a churn rate lower
(by around 1 percentage point) than those of its peers (Source:
Mobinil estimates).

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of Egyptian pounds) 10,343 10,195 10,585
Number of subscribers (in millions)
Mobile customers 33.8 82.9 30.2
o/w contracts 2.7 0.9 0.8
o/w prepaid 31.1 382 29.4
Total ARPU_ (in Egyptian pounds per month) 22.7 24.4 29.7

Source: Mobinil
(1) 1 Egyptian pound = 0.128 euros

France Telecom-Orange, through its fully-owned subsidiary
obinil (Mobinil Telecommunications S.A.E.), owns 93.92%
of Egyptian Company for Mobile Services S.A.E. (ECMS), the
operational company that carries out its business under the
obinil brand. Orascom Telecom Media & Technology Holding
S.A.E owns 5% of ECMS, and the remaining 1.08% is publically
raded on the Cairo stock market. Mobinil acquired the Internet
businesses of LINKdotNET and Link Egypt (LINK) in 2010.

obinil’s customer base stood at 33.8 million as of end-2012,
an increase of 2.5% compared with 2011; 92% of customers

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

are in the prepaid segment. There was a marked change in the
percentage of prepaid customers during the year due to the
introduction of capped contracts plans.

Annual revenues were 10.3 million Egyptian pounds in 2012,
up 1.4% from 2011. ARPU continued its decline in 2012
(down 7%), reaching 22.7 pounds, due mainly to heightened
competition between operators and the acquisition of new
customers with less purchasing power.
overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Egypt

Offers
Type Name Main characteristics
Monthly packages STAR A range of offers with monthly payment, unlimited calling to cell phones

from 25 £ to 500/month

or landlines and free services (free number, conference calling): Star Global,

Star Smartphone, Star Etkalem, Star Control & Star Online

Prepaid cards ALO Range of user-friendly and personalized offers with different prices per minute
and per SMS (New Ghanily for young people, Tourist for tourists, El Masry,
Alo Bedoon Shoroot, Baladna El Gedeed for regional users and El Kol 14,
a flat rate for all networks)
Monthly packages New Business Package Range of personalized offers meeting business customers’ needs,
for!business clients from 25 £ to 500/month which offer more flexibility and benefits to business customers
Mobile broadband Monthly Packages Monthly packages including a volume of traffic and allowing Internet access
Prepaid card with optional anywhere, without additional charges or commitment thanks to a prepaid
Internet from 5 £ to 150/month Internet line.
Unlimited mobile Internet Mobile packages with unlimited Internet access that allows the customer
‘0 surf and benefit from unlimited Internet access. The fair use policy
imits access to 110 Mbps, after which the customer continues to benefit
rom Internet access, but with lower speed.
Distribution Licenses

Mobinil sells products and services in Egypt through different
distribution channels:

m stores owned directly by Mobinil, which shrank to 48 in 2012;
m franchise stores, which also shrank in 2012 from 60 to 56;

m= Mobinil kiosks, stationed in universities and which provide
products and services to students;

m= outsourced kiosks, which offer products such as recharge
cards and Alo lines in the subway, train stations, and ports;

= specialized distributors and retailers (in 2012, approximately
12,000 of these points-of-sale offered Mobinil products and
services).

ECMS has a GSM license and a 15-year UMTS-3G license
obtained in 2007. After 2022, this license is renewable without
extra charges for periods of five consecutive years. The 2G
license already held will automatically renew in 2013 for a nine
and a half-year period and will expire at the same time as the 3G
license. A coverage plan detailed over five years accompanies
the grant of the 3G license, and the Egyptian Telecommunication
Regulatory Authority (NTRA) guaranteed to Mobinil the grant of
other frequency bands, the possibility of applying a special rate
to its customers for communications within the Mobinil network
(on net mode), and the reservation of a new network code.

Key Events
January Mobinil holds an Omra (pilgrimage) prize drawing for customers topping up their cell phones with 15 pounds or more;
the 100 winners each get a free pilgrimage.
February Mobinil launches an e-top-up (electronic top-up) promotion
Mobinil launches a weekly rate plan with mobile Internet access
Mobinil launches Alo Daily, a new range of daily rate plans
March Mobinil launches BlackBerry handset packages
Mobinil launches Ma3ak, a range of services for the hearing- and speech-impaired
Mobinil unveils Call Blocker, an application to block unwanted calls
April Mobinil launches two new “blocked” plans: Star Contro! 25 (25 pounds) and Star Contro/ 50 (60 pounds),
that can be topped up beyond the amount initially included in the plan
Mobinil launches a comprehensive data roaming promotion
Mobinil and Link introduce a mobile + ADSL package
May Mobinil launches the Salefny Shokran emergency loan service that lets customers borrow money immediately
Mobinil launches a one pound top-up option
June Mobinil launches a data services that includes Facebook access
July Mobinil launches micro-top-ups with E/-Faddah
Mobinil launches a daily mobile Internet service for two pounds
August Mobinil launches a new version of its loan transfer service
Mobinil launches the To the End of Ramadan Omra promotion with 120 roaming minutes for 30 pounds
October Mobinil enhances its Star Control line with Star Control 35
Mobinil launches high-definition voice products
November Mobinil launches the Netawy University service for students
December Mobinil celebrates its millionth Facebook fan with gifts like free minutes and ringtones
Mobinil launches the Easy Pay service to make it easier for customers to pay bills
Mobinil relaunches its 1111 Football Fan Club service

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
84

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Ivory Coast

Outlook

Social and political tensions resurfaced in Egypt in early 2013,
making any significant improvement in the country’s economy
unlikely during the year. ECMS will pursue the action plans
initiated in 2012 with a strategy focused on value creation

Ivory Coast

The Telecom Services Market
'7.KEY MACROECONOMIC INDICATORS

and operational efficiency. ECMS’s management will continue
to focus on cost-monitoring and profit margin improvements
through major initiatives like a large transformation program.

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 23.4 22.7 22
GDP growth (%) 8.1% -5.8% 2.4%
GDP per capita (in dollars PPP) 1,696.1 1,572 1,683

Source: IMF

'7 NUMBER OF MOBILE CUSTOMERS (IN!MILLIONS)

17g 18.6

one

2011 2012
Mobile

xx Penetration rate (as % of population)

Source: Informa Telecom & Media, Q3 2012

Ivory Coast’s mobile market went between 2011 and 2012 from
17.8 million to 18.6 million SIM cards in circulation, hence a
3.2% growth. During the same period, the country’s mobile
penetration rate rose from 87.8% to 92.4%.

This increase reflects an expansion in the number of consumers
with multiple SIM cards and the number of unlimited plans being
offered, as well as falling communication prices and handset
costs.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

The Competitive Environment
‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE

1.3% 0.3%
GreenN Warid Telecom

9.8%

. 34.7%
& Orange

Source: ATCI (H1 2012)

The market is characterized by a high level of competition
linked to the presence of six operators, three of which have
decisively adopted a low-cost strategy through an aggressive
bonus policy. A new operator, Niamoutié Telecom, came into
the market in late 2011 under the Café Mobile brand.

Competition among mobile operators remained fierce in 2012.
The country introduced new telecommunications regulations
during the year that bring interconnection rates closer in line
with operators’ production costs, under pressure from second-
tier operators like Moov, Koz, GreenN, and Café Mobile.
Orange’s market share increased slightly to 34.7% in 2012
(source: ATC)). It held onto its top spot ahead of MTN, thanks to
a healthy pace of innovation.

The market is characterized by very attractive price promotions
for intra-network calls (Pass formulas), which have helped foster
increased use. Promotions also fostered multi-equipment in
SIM cards.

C te d Ivoire Telecom and Orange C te d Ivoire Activities

'7 FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL INDICATORS

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Ivory Coast

Other promotions targeted young people (like Moov’s Epiq
Nation and Orange’s Mylife) and so high-income individuals
(through new smartphone and BlackBerry packages).

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in billions of CFA) 369 300 329
Number of customers (in thousands)
Fixed-lines 290 290 284
Internet Lines 36 36 47
Mobile Customers 6,118 5,785 4,702
Mobile ARPU_ (in CFA per month) 3,846.1 3,532.9 4,584.6

Source: Orange
(1) 1 CFA = 0.0015 euros

France Telecom-Orange holds an 85% interest in Orange
Céte d’lvoire (OCI), which started operating its mobile network
in 1996 under the name lvoiris, and a 45.9% interest in Cote
d'lvoire Telecom (CIT), the incumbent operator in the Ivory
Coast, which provides fixed-line telephony services, as well as
broadband and wholesale services, traffic and infrastructure
leasing. Since May 2002, Orange Céte d’lvoire has conducted
its lvory Coast business under the name Orange. Its strategy
is to propose offers and services that benefit from synergies
between fixed-line, Internet, and mobile networks, as well
as shared information systems, marketing and commercial
resources.

The number of Céte d’lvoire Télécom fixed line customers
remained stable at 290,000 at year-end 2012,since it faces
a great competition from growth of mobile telephony, which
customers has increased due in particular to multi-equipment.
There was also strong growth in the broadband mobile market,
with the arrival of 3G and close to 48,000 Internet dongles
or Orange at the end of 2012. ARPU increased compared to
2011, which was an exceptionally low year in the wake of post-
election events, however it was still lower than in 2010, due to
he increase in low -income customers from rural areas. At the
end of 2012, Cédte d’lvoire Télécom had more than 32,000 ADSL
broadband customers.

ivory Coast’s political climate calmed in 2012 after the turbulent
post-electoral events of 2011, creating favorable conditions
hat lifted Orange’s earnings. The country achieved 8.1% GDP.
growth in 2012—after a recession in 2011—and the IMF is
lorecasting 7% growth in 2013 (source: World Economic Report,
October 2012). This sanguine outlook should nevertheless be

tempered with the country’s ongoing security issues; some
regions are still unstable, including the suburbs of its capital
Abidjan. This instability could weigh on consumer spending with
an increase in consumer prices.

Orange Cate d’lvoire also had an excellent 2012 overall, with:

= the introduction of Wimax in March and the rollout of 3G
in April (with the mobile Internet Pass and 3G USB key) to
capture the high-potential mobile broadband market;

m= the expansion of Orange Money services with 12 new
ATMs and anew mobile payment system for Canal+ Horizons
bills;

m= reduced rates on weekends;

m the development of local content (FratMat Mobile and
Abidjan.net);

m services targeted to different customer segments, including
high-potential segments like entrepreneurs and young
people;

m= acustomer loyalty program for high-value customers;
m= anew billing-by-the-second option;
m= new cell phone top-up cards for business users;

ma new emergency loan service, SOS Crédit, that lets
customers take out a 72-hour loan using their mobile phones.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

85
6 overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Jordan

Since the operational merger of the Orange Céte d’lvoire and
Céte d’lvoire Télécom businesses in 2010, Orange possesses
the largest network of retail stores in the country’s telecom
industry, with a total of 99 stores, 32 of which are directly
owned and 67 of which are franchises. Orange also distributes
its services through a network of 14 exclusive partners. Lastly,
more than 80,000 retailers offer Orange products.

In 2012 Orange Céte d’lvoire continued to offer training to its
partners and help them build their business skills. The company

Jordan

The Telecom Services Market
'7.KEY MACROECONOMIC INDICATORS

also worked with its entire distribution network to promote the
Orange Money service.

Outlook

Orange Céte d’lvoire’s priorities in 2013 will be to further
consolidate its position as the benchmark integrated operator
and the leader in respect of customer numbers and market
share in fixed-line, mobile, and Internet services and in bundled
packages.

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 6.4 6.3 6.1
Growth in GDP (%) 3.0% 2.5% 2.3%
GDP per capita (in dollars PPP) 6,044 5,900 5,697

Source: IMF, October 2012

Jordan is an emerging country with a population of 6.4 million.
Its GDP growth ranged from 6% to 8% between 2004 and
2007, dropped to 2.3% in 2009 and 2010, and edged back up
to 3% in 2012.

'7 NUMBER OF MOBILE CUSTOMERS (IN!MILLIONS)

8.8
V7

20) (38

2011 2012

Mobile telephony

xx Penetration rate (as % of population)
Source: Telecommunications Regulatory Commission (TRC), September 2012

The country’s mobile market grew 14% in 2012, from 7.7 to
8.8 million SIM cards in circulation, with a mobile penetration
rate of nearly 138% (source: TRO September, 2012). This
growth is the result of the drop in communications prices and
the development of unlimited plans in the prepaid market since
2011.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Orange Jordan is the country’s biggest operator, with a total of
4 million fixed, mobile and Internet customers at end-2012. At
the end of 2012 Jordan had 4 million Internet customers, an
increase of 43% compared with 2011, including almost 557,000
broadband Internet customers. The Internet penetration rate is
continuing to increase, moving from 45% in 2011 to 63% in
2012 (source: TRC September 2012). This trend is underpinned
mainly by the development of 3G offerings, the drop in prices
of ADSL offers and growth in the proportion of households
equipped with computers.

The Competitive Environment
‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE

0.3%
Friendi

24.8%
Umniah ~~

38.2%
Zain

Source: Telecommunications Regulatory Commission (TRC), September 2012
Jordan has three main mobile operators and a new MVNO,
Friendi, that entered the market in July 2012. Orange ranks
second in the mobile market with a market share that rose by
2.6 points to 36.7% in 2012 (source: TRC, September 2012).
This increase brings it closer to the market leader Zain, which
has a 38.2% market share, to the detriment of Umniah, whose
market share fell by 5.1 points to 24.8% in 2012.

Orange Jordan s activities
(/ FIXED-LINE TELEPHONY AND INTERNET ACTIVITIES

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Jordan

The Jordanian telecommunications sector was marked by
greater competition, with 3G services launched by Umniah in
June 2012 and widespread availability of unlimited plans as part
of prepaid mobile services.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in millions of JOD) 408 412 402
Number of customers (in thousands) 3,180 2,820 2,426
Fixed lines 453 474 498
Internet lines 178 171 158
Mobile customers 2,549 2,175 1,770
Mobile ARPU_ (in JOD per month) 5.8 74 7.6

Source: Orange Jordan
(1) 1 JOD = 1.098 euros

Orange is present in Jordan through its Jordan
Telecommunications Company subsidiary, 51% owned by
France Telecom-Orange. Together, Jordan Telecommunications
Company (network and fixed-line services) and its subsidiaries
Petra Jordanian Communications Company (network and
mobile services), Jordan Data Company (Internet services)
and Lightspeed (Internet services in Bahrain) form the Jordan
Telecom Group and have been selling all of their services under
he Orange Jordan brand since September 2007.

Orange had 3.2 million customers at end-2012, up 14% from
he prior year.

The growth of the mobile customer base has been accompanied
by a 21% fall in ARPU due to the drop in prices, generally
hrough the launch of unlimited plans. Promotional offers were
made throughout 2012 to limit the impact of the deteriorating
economic environment. Umniah’s rollout of 3G in June 2012
intensified competition for prepaid and postpaid mobile Internet
plans and ADSL broadband plans.

The number of Orange fixed Internet customers grew a further
4% in 2012, giving it a 45% share of the broadband market
at year-end (source: Orange Jordan). Orange continues to
roll out a full range of Internet services using ADSL and Wifi
technologies and targeting a wide variety of customers. For
instance, in July 2011, Orange began to offer bundled fixed-
line and Internet services. In 2012 these offers helped limit the
decline in the number of fixed telephone lines, while the drop
in revenues from the fixed-line business slowed thanks to
increased revenues from broadband Internet.

The sharp growth in wholesale traffic business in 2012 with an
increase of 16% is also noteworthy, and is driven mainly by the
company’s international transit services.

Offers

Orange Jordan offers a diversified, innovative range of fixed,
mobile and Internet services in the consumer and business
markets. Innovation is at the heart of Orange’s offerings and
marketing strategy in Jordan, which has been benefiting from a
France Telecom-Orange Group Technocentre in Amman since
March 2008.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

87
88

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Senegal

Type Name

Main characteristics

Prepaid mobiles Prepaid offers with unlimited calling rates
of 1.5 €/week or per-minute rates of 0.01 €

to 0.06 (excluding international).

Range segmented by usage and/or customer type: bundled plans
(Minh El Akher), army (Alpha and Army Cell), students (Unizone),
groups of Egyptian origin (Um el dunya), regional packages (Madenaty,
8ezwati), data-focused offers (Net@mobily)

Postpaid mobiles Postpaid residential offerings, three
business packages with per-minute rates

of 0.01 € to 0.06.

Residential range including a range of iPhone offerings.
Business range including Blackberry offers

Mobile (3G+)
Internet

Postpaid and prepaid Internet Everywhere
offers with rates of 5 € to 40 €/month or
prepaid rates of 0.01 €/Mb.

Full-mobility Internet access via a 3G dongle, which can be used

with a netbook or laptop

Fixed line and Orange Fixedline for a monthly subscription

Traditional fixed line or Surf & Talk bundles including voice,

bundled packages of 4.7 € and per-minute rates of 0.015 € ADSL access and a Livebox
0 0.07 € (excluding international). Bundled fixed line + Internet offerings for residential and professional
Bundled fixed line and Internet offers with markets
lat rates for voice + GB capacities ranging
rom 15 € to 60 €.
ADSL ADSL in one bill from 9.9 € to 67 €/month. ADSL access (bitstream) offering bandwidth of 128 Kbps to 24 Mbps.

Residential and professional ranges. Livebox modems offered

Business offers PVPN, Frame Relay, Business Internet
Voice, Business Everywhere, leased lines

customized rates)

The main new plan introduced in 2012 was Army Cell, which
was updated in February 2012 with extremely beneficial rates
for unlimited calling plans for military servicemen and their
families.

The network

Orange has an integrated network based on 2G/3G (HSPA+)
technology for mobiles and ADSL 2+ for the Internet allowing
innovative offers and services to be rolled out in the fixed,
mobile and Internet areas.

Key events

2012 was marked by a tough economic climate in Jordan.
Ballooning public debt levels prompted the government to take
radical measures like cutting subsidies and raising electricity,
gas, and fuel rates—which hit consumers particularly hard.

The development of Orange in Jordan in 2012 was marked by a
commercial strategy aimed at deploying a full range of Internet
services and developing innovative mobile offerings around 3G
services. In a highly competitive marketplace where unlimited
plans are becoming the norm, Orange strengthened its position

Senegal

The Telecom Services Market
'7.KEY MACROECONOMIC INDICATORS

Full connectivity range aimed at businesses (ADSL, leased lines,
IPVPN, Business Everywhere, and Business Internet Voice)

by launching aggressively-priced, innovative offerings (Min El
Akher Anghami and New Um E/ Dunya). Orange Jordan also
introduced a plan targeted specifically to people serving in
Jordan’s armed forces, Army Cell. The broadband market saw
an intense price war in 2012 following Umniah’s roll-out of 3G
in June.

Orange Jordan saw significant growth in its carrier business
during the year and is now positioned as one of the Middle
East’s major players.

Outlook

In 2013 Orange Jordan intends to bolster its market position
despite the intensifying competition in both the mobile and
broadband markets. The company will leverage its 3G network
to introduce new services and develop usages.

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 13.8 13.4 13.1
Growth in GDP (%) 3.7% 4.0% 4.2%
GDP per capita (in dollars PPP) 1,925 1,893 1,825

Source: IMF, October 2012

With a population of 13.8 million, Senegal is West Africa’s third-largest economy.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
7 NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS (IN MILLIONS)

10.9
9.3

Fo) \y

2011 2012
Mobile telephony

xx Penetration rate (as % of population)
Source: ARTP, September 2012

The mobile market reached 10.9 million SIM cards in 2012
compared with 9.3 million in 2011, an increase of 17.2%. During
this period, mobile penetration rates increased from 76.8% to
89%, underpinned by multiple ownership of SIM cards as well
as by the extension of operators’ coverage.

Orange Senegal s activities
"7 FIXED-LINE TELEPHONY AND INTERNET ACTIVITIES

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Senegal

The Competitive Environment
‘7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE

12.8%
Sudatel

2012

24.3% |
Sentel f

Source: ARTP, September 2012

There are three operators on the mobile market: Orange,
Sentel (subsidiary of the Millicom International group), and
Sudatel. Competition continued to intensify in 2012 with the
multiplication of unlimited plans. Sentel lost two percentage
points of market share to Orange during the year. Orange was
lifted by Tigo’s (Sentel’s) sluggish business activity in H2 2011
and Q1 2012 due to Tigo’s legal dispute with the Senegalese
government. This enabled Orange to dominate the market in
the first half of 2012 and win many new customers. The legal
dispute was settled at the end of the first half with the granting
of a comprehensive license, which opened the door for Tigo to
implement an aggressive sales strategy in the second half.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in billions of CFA) 460 449 433
Number of customers (in thousands) 7,496 6,460 5,454
Fixed lines 282 283 283
Internet lines 96 93 82
Mobile customers 7,118 6,083 5,090
Mobile ARPU 3,854.7 4,208.6 4,783.2

Source: Orange Senegal 2012
(1) 1 CFA = 0.0015 euros

The France Telecom-Orange Group is present in Senegal
through Sonatel, in which it owns 42.3% of the capital. Sonatel
operates under the Orange brand.

In 2012, Orange Senegal’s mobile customer base reached
7.1 million active customers, an increase of 17% (compared with
an increase of 19.5% in 2011). Around 99% of these customers
use prepaid plans. ARPU fell by 8.4% in 2012, after sliding 12%
in 2011, due to the introduction of numerous unlimited plans
and the acquisition of low-usage customers.

The number of Internet subscribers which reached
95,560 customers in 2012,was upped by 3.1% mainly thanks
to the khéweul ADSL offer. Fixed line consumers is stable in
spite of the mobile competition, thanks to prepaid and multiplay
offers at attractive cost. The number of fixed-line customers
fell by 1,423 as consumers increasingly turned to cell phones.
However the company was able to stem the tide with popular
new attractively-priced prepaid plans and multiplay packages.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 89
90

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Mali

6

Offers

Orange Senegal’s mobile offering consists mostly of prepaid
packages. Besides the traditional offers, Orange Senegal
launched new ones such as the Kiréne, Bonus Zone and
Orange Money plans:

= Kiréne is an unlimited plan launched in 2009 and aimed at
low-income customers. Subscribers to this offer continued
to increase in 2012 with a customer base of 1.3 million at
the end of the year (compared with 1.2 million at end-201 1);

m= Bonus Zone is an offer which allows prepaid customers to
benefit from price reductions when they make calls to Orange
numbers from zones where the network usage rate is low;

Orange Money is a service which allows users to carry out
financial transactions on their cell phones. The number of
Orange Money customers rose from 693,269 at end-2011
to 893,948 at end-2012, hence an increase of 19%. The
number of active customers jumped 87%, although the
usage rate remains low around 23%.

In late 2012 Orange launched the Pass Illimix d’Orange
promotion, which offers a two-week window during which
customers can buy a set number of minutes of calls and text
messages with unlimited calls and text messages to other
Orange customers during certain times.

a Iilimix 500 CFA: 30 minutes of calls and unlimited text
messages;

a Iilimix 1500 CFA: unlimited calls from 8am to 8pm, and
unlimited text messages;

a Iilimix 2900 CFA: unlimited calls and text messages.

The fixed-Internet offering mainly consists of the Khéweul ADSL
which, with its 1 Mega offer, accounts for more than 80% of the
total customer base. In terms of mobile Internet, the Internet
Everywhere Pass offer launched in November 2010 continued
to grow with an installed base of almost 132,000 dongles at
end-2012.

Distribution
The distribution network is made up of:

m seven branches;

= 37 directly-owned stores (Sonatel outlets), including 11 in
Dakar;

a three shop-in-shops in casinos;
m= 128 Orange stores;

a 51 wholesalers;

m 500 intermediaries;

= anetwork of more than 800 Orange sales outlets and special
points of sale which supplement the network of Orange stores.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Key Events
2012 was characterized by:

m the cancellation on May 15, 2012 of a government decree
that established a system for checking and charging incoming
international calls;

m the cancellation of an infrastructure license granted to MTL
before the March 2012 presidential election;

= Sonatel obtaining quality, health & safety, and environmental
certification;

= an Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting on October 31, 2012
during which shareholders agreed to a Sonatel stock split on
November 23, 2012.

Outlook

Orange Senegal’s priorities in 2013 will be to continue improving
service quality and maintaining its position as the market leader
by volume as well as by value. The company plans to improve
the quality of its 3G services and win back its top spot in the
mobile Internet market, where Sonatel lost ground to rival
Expresso. The company will also implement cost-monitoring
measures to limit the erosion in its margins.

Mali

With an area of 1.2 million km?, Mali has a population of almost
16.3 million inhabitants (source: IMF, October 2012).

Orange operates on the telecommunications market via Orange
Mali, a subsidiary that is 70.05% owned by Sonatel SA. Orange
Mali launched its services in 2003 following the attribution by
the Malian government of a license for fixed-line, mobile and
nternet services. Since November 2006, Ikatel, which later
became Orange Mali, has operated under the “Orange” brand.

The mobile market penetration rate soared from 24% at end-
2008 to 76.5% at end-2012 (source: Informa Telecom & Media).
Orange, the second company to join the mobile market, is now
he leader in the mobile market with a 63.6% market share
source: Orange Mali estimates). Orange’s main competitor is
he incumbent operator Sotelma, which has been 51% owned
by Maroc Telecom since 2009. The government granted a
hird comprehensive license to the Planor-Monaco Telecom
nternational consortium in January 2013; the consortium wil
operate through the Malian company Alpha Télecommunication
ali SA (Atel-SA).

Orange Mali has a customer base of 8.6 million active prepaid
customers. The main mobile usage is voice and SMS, bu
mobile data and mobile broadband have developed rapidly
since the launch in May 2010 of 3G.

In June 2010, Orange Mali launched the Orange Money service
which allows users to carry out financial transactions from their
cell phones. The service had over 673,000 customers at the
end of 2012.

The broadband Internet customer base had more than
13,600 subscribers at end-2012, an increase of 15.9%.

Orange Mali’s network covered around 80% of the population
and 38% of the country at end-2012.
The company’s two main goals for 2013 are:
a to defend its mobile customer base and stabilize ARPU;
m to create and fuel growth areas.

Moreover, Orange Mali will step up its efforts in terms of
corporate social responsibility and encourage new usages.

However the 2013 outlook remains uncertain due to the military
intervention early in the year to regain control of the northern
part of country after armed groups took over the region in
spring 2012. If the uncertainty persists throughout 2013, the
company’s revenues—especially from business customers—
could be impacted.

Cameroon

Cameroon has a population of slightly more than 21.5 million
inhabitants (Source: IMF, October 2012), 75% of whom are
Francophone and 25% Anglophone.

France Telecom-Orange Group holds 94.4% of the capital
of Orange Cameroun, which launched its GSM900 service
in January 2000. Since June 2002, Orange Cameroun has
operated under the “Orange” brand.

The steady growth of the mobile market over the last few years
is noteworthy and the penetration rate went from 30% to 59.3%
between 2008 and 2012 (source: Informa Telecom & Media).
There was still a wide divergence in the penetration rate in urban
and rural areas. The market is also characterized by a high rate
of multiple ownership of SIM cards. The main mobile uses
are voice and SMS; however, data usage has been growing
significantly.

Orange ranks second on the mobile market with a 43% market
share, just behind MTN (source: Orange estimates). At the
end of 2012, Orange’s mobile customer base had reached
5.8 million active customers (up 23% from 2011), 98% of whom
are prepaid. Orange’s activities in 2012 were characterized by
high growth in revenues and customer numbers, the result
of an aggressive commercial and pricing strategy, which led
to reinforced commercial presence, attractive pricing, and an
expansion in network coverage to 85% of the population by
year-end (through a 19.5% increase in the number of sites in
2012). During the year the company also entered into a strategic
partnership agreement with virtual mobile operator Set’Mobile.

Launched in 2008, Internet activity has also developed
significantly, especially in its mobile Internet and Wimax services,
with over 90,000 customers at year-end (source: Orange).

At the end of 2012, Orange’s distribution network in
Cameroon was made up of ten branches, 190 Orange stores,
8,000 approved outlets, and around a hundred distributors and
partners.

The competitive landscape should become even more
challenging in 2013, since the government granted a third
license in late 2012.

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Madagascar

Madagascar

Madagascar has a population of 22.4 million (Source: IMF,
October 2012). Since January 2009 the country has been
suffering a political crisis whose effects on the economy are
being compounded by the global economic and financial crisis.
According to the UN Development Program’s 2011 Human
Development Index ranking, Madagascar comes in 151% out of
187 countries—and the ongoing political instability is preventing
the island from making any significant progress.

Orange Madagascar, a mobile operator 71.79% owned by the
France Telecom-Orange Group, was founded in 1997. Orange
Madagascar is present on the mobile market (2G and 3G
services) as well as the consumer and business Internet sectors.

The mobile market grew strongly until 2008. Following
stabilization in 2009, the market has grown since 2010, but
the mobile penetration rate plateaued at 27.4% at end-2012
(source: Informa Telecom & Media). Orange Madagascar is the
country’s mobile market leader with an over-50% market share.
It now faces just two other rivals, as Life Madagascar’s license
was revoked in May 2012. The other two mobile operators
in the country are Airtel, created from the acquisition of Zain
(formerly Celtel) and now number two in the market, and Telma
Mobile, a subsidiary of incumbent operator Telecom Malagasy.

Orange Madagascar has the broadest coverage of all the
country’s operators, especially in the areas along its national
broadband network. It is the only telecom operator to offer 3G
services in all of the country’s 50 largest cities.

Orange Madagascar has a two-pronged strategy: offer low
rates to make its plans affordable for the Malagasy people,
who typically have low incomes; and continue to provide the
excellent customer service that has made it the country’s
leading operator by this measure. Orange is also developing
specific packages for businesses (fleet management and high
quality Internet solutions). Mobile usage is expanding thanks to
the success of smartphones, with added-value services such as
radio, television and mobile Internet offered by Orange through
its 8G network. The Orange Money service continued to attract
new customers in 2012, bringing the total to nearly 935,000 at
December, the 31st 2012 (source: Orange).

Orange’s Internet activity increased by 57% in 2012 thanks to
investments in the 3G coverage of big cities, a reinforcement
of its national broadband network, and the connection of its
networks to the international Safe and Sat3 cables via the
LION1 & LION2 submarine cable.

Finally, to ensure the distribution of its services, Orange has
a network of 131 stores and 97 kiosks (local stores) plus
82 distributors and 22,000 retailers.

In 2013 Orange Madagascar will focus on expanding its Orange
Money service, enhancing its line-up of telecom services for
businesses and professionals, and on extending its 3G network
so that it covers the country’s 100 largest cities.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

91
92

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Botswana

Botswana has a population of 1.9 million (Source: IMF,
October 2012).

Botswana

Orange increased its stake in Orange Botswana to 73.68%
through its buyback of 20% of outstanding shares in
January 2010. Orange Botswana launched its GSM900/1 ,800
network in June 1998 under the name of Vista Cellular. Since
March 2003, Orange Botswana has operated under the Orange
brand. It launched GPRS/Edge in December 2007 and the first
Wimax fixed Internet network in June 2008. Orange set up a 3G
mobile network in July 2009.

The mobile market is still under development despite a 130.6%
penetration rate (Source: Informa Telecom & Media). Orange
is one of three operators that hold multi-service licenses with
jascom (an MTN subsidiary) and BTC, the incumbent operator.

n 2012, Orange solidified its number two position on the mobile
market with 871,000 active customers at the end of the year
source: Orange Botswana) and a 34.8% market share (Source:
Orange). Mobile voice and SMS represent 83% of revenues
and new data services are growing fast (up 66% in 2012).
n 2012, Orange launched innovative new services such as
Orange S’Cool, E-recharge and Win, and Daily Packages. The
company also renewed its sponsorship of Botswana’s national
soccer team, the Zebras.

In addition, Orange is continuing to integrate and develop its
voice and broadband businesses with bundled packages,
which use Group products such as Livebox, Flybox and Internet
Everywhere (GPRS/Edge/8G USB keys).

Orange’s network covers the majority of the population in
Botswana. 3G coverage is concentrated in the country’s two
largest cities, Gaborone and Francistown, and Wimax coverage
extends along the eastern corridor (Gaborone, Francistown and
Palapye).

Orange has a network of 17 retail stores around the country. In
addition, it has an indirect distribution network made up of mass
retailers and wholesalers.

Orange Botswana’s priorities for 2013 are as follows:

m= continued growth in the number of customers;

m= growth in data usages and content;
m development of new services like M-Health and M-Agriculture;
m increased market share within the Business segment;

m= continued improvement in customer satisfaction.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Guinea-Conakry

Guinea-Conakry has a population of 10.9 million (Source: IMF,
October 2012). Its political climate has been relatively stable
since the 2010 presidential elections.

Orange Guinée was the fourth entrant of five on this highly
competitive mobile market. At the end of 2012, it was the
number two operator, with a market share of 34%, behind
Areeba (MTN group) and ahead of Cellcom, Sotelgui (incumbent
operator) and Intercel (source: Orange estimates). Mobile use
primarily includes voice.

Orange Guinée, a mobile operator 90%-owned by the Sonatel
group, opened its GSM service at the end of 2007 and provides
mobile telephony and Internet services. Orange’s mobile
market, which is almost exclusively prepaid, had 1.85 million
active customers at the end of 2012, (+32.1% from 2011).
GPRS and Edge networks have been opened in Conakry and
the country’s main towns (Labé, Kindia, Mamou, Kamsar).
Moreover, Orange Guinée was the first operator to launch 3G+
services in Conakry, which it did in 2011, and to offer mobile
payment services, which it does through Orange Money.
Orange Guinée’s mobile network covered 48% of the country at
end-2012 (source: Orange Guinée estimates).

Orange has a direct distribution network made up of two
branches in Conakry and one each in Labé, Kankan, and
Nzérékoré. It also has an indirect distribution network.

Finally, Orange Guinée invested in the submarine cable project
(ACE) that will link the whole of the West coast of Africa to
Europe, bringing broadband and international connectivity (see
section 8.1.5 Transmission Networks for more information).

Kenya

Kenya has a population of 42.1 million (Source: IMF,
October 2012). In December 2007, France Telecom-Orange
acquired a 51% stake in the incumbent operator, Telkom Kenya,
through its holding company Orange East Africa (OrEA). This
stake had increased to 70% by end-2012.

In September 2008, Telkom Kenya launched its mobile service
and it is now a fixed, mobile and Internet operator that provides
services to business customers and consumers. Orange is the
commercial brand used for all mobile and business services.

At Q3 2012, the penetration rate in the mobile market was
around 77.2%, corresponding to 30.4 million SIM cards
(source: Kenya Communications Commission). As part of an
effort to combat fraud in the country’s telecom industry, the
Kenyan regulator demanded that all counterfeit cell phones
be deactivated and launched an identification campaign for all
mobile numbers in the country.

The only fixed line operator, Telkom Kenya faces three
competitors in the mobile market: Safaricom, Airtel (operator in
the Indian group, Bharti), and Yu (operator in the Indian group,
Essar), and several competitors in the market for business data
communications (Safaricom, Access Kenya, KDN, Wananchi.

2012 was Telkom Kenya’s first year of revenue growth since it
was integrated into the France Telecom-Orange Group. Thanks
to its investments to upgrade and expand its mobile network,
Telkom Kenya was ranked the country’s best mobile operator in
terms of network service quality by the Kenyan regulator.

In 2012, Telkom Kenya put the LION2 (Lower Indian Ocean
Network) cable into service. This 2,700 kilometer cable will
substantially increase the company’s bandwidth capacity
in Kenya and offer an alternative for connectivity to Asia and
Europe. See section 8.1.5 Transmission Networks for more
information.

In 2013 Telkom Kenya plans to reinforce its return to growth
by boosting mobile data traffic and selling integration services
to businesses. The company will also continue rationalizing its
cost structure through an ambitious transformation program, in
order to bring its profit margin up to healthy levels.

Niger

Niger has a population of
October 2012).

15.2 million (Source: IMF,

In November 2007, France Telecom-Orange, which owns
82.66% of Orange Niger, acquired a comprehensive license in
Niger (fixed, mobile and Internet).

Orange started its commercial activities in June 2008 on a
booming telecommunications market, where the penetration
rate increased from 13% to 30.2% between 2008 and 2012
(source: Informa Telecom & Media). Although the last of three
players to enter this mobile market, Orange became the second-
leading operator in 2011. The company had a market share
of 30% at end-2012, up three percentage points and counted
1.55 million active customers (source: Orange). Orange Niger
is the market leader in mobile broadband Internet. Orange is
second in a market dominated by Airtel, followed by Moov and
Sahelcom (source: Orange Niger estimates). Orange Niger is
also second in terms of mobile network coverage; its network
covered 75% of the country’s population at end-2012 and
contained over 418 BTS—putting it in a good position relative
to the frontrunner Airtel (source: Orange Niger).

Orange Niger markets its products through a direct distribution
network made up of six branches, supplemented by 57
distributors and 16,000 sales outlets located throughout the
country.

In 2013 it aims to remain the country’s leading ISP and bolster
its position in the mobile market, primarily by reinforcing its
network in the country’s major cities and continuing to improve
service quality.

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
Central African Republic

Central African Republic

The Central African Republic has a population of 4.9 million
(source: IMF, October 2012).

Orange Centrafrique, a mobile operator wholly-owned by
France Telecom-Orange Group, launched its GSM service
in early December 2007, and is also present on the Internet
services market. Its Internet services are provided mainly via
Wimax technology. It is the country’s leading provider of wireless
broadband Internet access—a position underscored in 2012
with the introduction of the Internet Everywhere mobile Internet
service. Since February the 13°, 2013, Orange Centrafrique
became the country’s first operator to roll out 3G+ technology,
which gives customers even faster connectivity.

Orange was the last of four mobile operators to enter the
market. At end-2012 it was in second place behind market
leader Telecel. The two other mobile operators are Moov and
Azur (formerly Nationlink) (source: Informa Telecom & Media).
A new operator entered the market in 2012: Millenium, which
operates under the Black brand. The only service it offers is
wireless broadband Internet access in the country’s capital,
Bangui.

Almost all of Orange Centrafrique’s mobile customers use
prepaid plans, since very few people in this country have bank
accounts and wages are low.

Orange Centrafrique keeps investing in the mobile network
0 reinforce its position in terms of coverage and quality of
service. Its network is the country’s second-largest with 81 sites
providing mobile services in 51 towns.

Orange Centrafrique’s distribution network comprises
jour branches (in Bangui, Berbérati, Bouar, and Bambari),
43 distributors, and 4,500 retailers across the country.

Guinea Bissau

Guinea Bissau is a member of the Economic and Monetary
Union of West Africa and of the Community of Portuguese
Speaking Countries (CPLP). It has a population of 1.7 million
(source: IMF, October 2012).

Orange Bissau, a mobile operator 90% owned by the Sonatel
Group, launched its GSM service in May 2007. Orange Bissau
is present on the mobile (2G), Internet and fixed voice markets
using VoIP technology.

The mobile market, which is mainly concentrated on voice use,
has seen continual growth, with a penetration rate of some
68.2% at the end of 2012 (source: Informa Telecom & Media).
Orange was the last to arrive on this market, which has three
operators. The company had 361,000 active mobile customers
at end-2012, up 32% from the prior year, and a 39% market
share—putting it just behind market leader MTN, while the
incumbent operator, GTM, is in third place (source: Orange).

Orange Bissau’s strategy is focused on creating value through
innovation, implementing targeted marketing plans for each
customer segment, and continuously improving its technical

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

93
94

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

service quality. It is the number-two operator in terms of 2G
coverage, which spans the country’s main economic corridors
linking Bissau-Ziguinchor and Bissau-Conakry.

Uganda

Orange Bissau launched broadband Internet in 2009 and had
1,203 customers at end-2012. Orange Bissau is the leader on
the Internet market, with an 80% market share (source: Orange
Bissau). The development of Internet services is still limited by
the country’s lack of electricity.

The distribution network is composed of few distributors who
rely on a network of local intermediaries.

In 2013, Orange aims to maintain its growth by:

= improving innovative bundled

packages;

its sales presence and

m by continuing the rollout and densification of its network;

= introducing the Zebra virtual loan service and Orange Money
service;

= Offering improved quality of service in line with the Orange
brand’s promises, customers’ expectations, and the
specifications set forth by the State.

Uganda

Uganda has a population of 35.6 million (Source: IMF,
October 2012).

n

n October 2008, France Telecom-Orange and
Telecom Uganda formed Orange Uganda Ltd to provide
elecommunication services under the Orange brand. Orange
Uganda Ltd, 65.93% controlled by France Telecom-Orange at
he end of 2012, benefited from the license acquired by Hits
Telecom Uganda as well as its GSM network and its main
elecommunications equipment. Orange Uganda launched its
mobile telecommunications services in March 2009 with 2G
and 3G technologies.

The mobile market has surged upward, with a constantly rising
penetration rate that increased from 25% at end-2008 to 46%
at end-2012 (source: Informa Telecom & Media). Mobile use
primarily includes voice, SMS, data and broadband for mobiles.
Uganda’s mobile market is highly competitive with five operators.
Orange Uganda is in fourth place with a 10.7% market share,
in a very competitive market environment that includes MTN,
Airtel, Warid Telecom, and Uganda Telecom Mobile. The country
also has ten ISPs (source: Orange Uganda).

Orange had 508,000 active customers at end-2012, or a
10.7% market share, almost exclusively made up of prepaid
customers. Orange’s network covers the Center, East, West
and North of the country.

Orange launched its mobile Internet services during the final
quarter of 2009 and had 96,000 active customers at end-2012.

Orange’s direct distribution network includes 15 exclusive
stores across the country, and an indirect distribution network
(retail stores and traveling salespeople).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

In 2012, Orange Uganda introduced new services like Orange
Money, Emergency Credit, and Internet for All. It was also the
first operator to use HSPA+ technology on its 3G+ network,
enabling it to offer speeds of up to 21 Mbps.

In 2013 the company plans to anchor its leadership position
in the Internet market—despite the price war among several
other operators—by maintaining high levels of service quality
and increasing the speed of its network. It aims to counter
its competitors’ low-cost strategies with high-added-value
services like packages with exclusive content such as Deezer
and Daily Motion.

Democratic Republic of Congo

The Democratic Republic of Congo has a population of
74.7 million million (Source: IMF, October 2012), which puts
it in fourth place in Africa in terms of population. However its
mobile penetration rate is only 25.6% (source: Informa Telecom
& Media), far below that of most neighboring countries.

In October 2011, France Telecom-Orange acquired 100% o
the mobile operator Congo Chine Télécoms (CCT) by buying
the 51% stake held by the Chinese telecommunications
manufacturer ZTE and the remaining 49% from the Congolese
State. CCT holds a valuable 2G and 3G national license granted
at the time of its acquisition by France Telecom-Orange, and
boasts excellent growth potential due to the country’s low
mobile penetration rate. CCT was renamed Orange RDC and
the Orange brand introduced on December 5, 2012. At the end
of December 2012, Orange RDC had 1.8 million customers
(source: Orange Congo).

Mobile use primarily includes voice and SMS. Fixed and mobile
voice services are offered to most of the inhabited islands in the
archipelago. ADSL Internet and Wimax services are available on
the two most populated islands.

The mobile market is divided between TVL and Digicel, which
entered the market in June 2008. TVL extended its network
in 2010 and grew its customer base. In 2012, it concentrated
on building customer loyalty with loyalty offers, as well as
upgrading its technical solutions to adapt to changes in the
market. In 2012, TVL met with tough competition from Digicel in
both the mobile and Internet markets, which led to a substantial
reduction in its mobile customer base. At year-end 2012, Digicel
is the market leader with 57.3% of the market, vs. TVL’s 42.7%
(source: TVL estimates).

2012 also saw the launch by TVL of Edge and 3G mobile
broadband services.

TVL’s distribution network is concentrated in towns and cities,
where it has a presence in most stores. TVL uses traveling sales
teams to cover rural areas.

TVL will continue to expand its network and improve service
quality in 2013, while working to enhance Orange’s brand
image.
6.3.4.3 Dominican Republic

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Dominican Republic

The Economic Environment and the Telecommunications Market

‘7 MAIN MACROECONOMIC DATA

2012 2011 2010
Population (in millions) 10.2 10.1 9.9
GDP growth (%) 4% 4.5% 7.8%
GDP per person (in dollars PPP) 9,645 9,289 8,860
Source: IMF

The Dominican Republic had a population of 10.2 million at
end-201 2 (source: IMF 2004 estimates). The mobile penetration
rate was 86.9% of the population in 2012 (source: Indotel,
November 2012).

Orange Dominicana, a fully-owned France Telecom-Orange
subsidiary, offers mobile telephony (2G, 3G, and 4G LTE) and
Internet access services for consumers and businesses.

The Dominican Republic’s telecom market comprises four
main operators: Orange Dominicana, which offers only mobile
services (voice and Internet); Viva, which also offers only mobile

Orange Dominicana activities

services; Tricom, which offers fixed-line and CDMA services;
and the incumbent Claro (owned by América Movil of Mexico),
which offers fixed-line and mobile services. The country also
has several ISPs like Wind (Wimax).

These operators are estimated to have had the following mobile
market shares by volume in 2012: Claro, 51.2%; Orange
Dominicana, 38.4%; Viva, 7.4%; and Tricom, 3% (source:
Orange, December 2012). Orange Dominicana’s market share
grew 0.7 points in 2012.

2012 2011 2010
Revenues (in billions of Dominican pesos)! w 22.8 22.2 21.7
Number of mobile customers (in!millions) 3.2 3.1 2.9
Prepaid customers 28) 2.5 2.4
Contract customers 0.7 0.6 0.5
ARPU (in Dominican pesos) 532.9 537.7 557.3

Source: Orange Dominicana
(1) 1 Dominican peso = 0.0198 euros

Orange Dominicana’s revenues grew by 2.7% in 2012 to reach
22.8 billion pesos (or approximately 451 million euros), fuelled
by a 37% increase in data services.

Orange launched new offers in 2012 to develop voice and data
usage; these included an emergency loan service, a favorite
phone number service, new options for data services (mainly
prepaid), and new mobile Internet services following the roll-out
of 4G LTE. The company also expanded its business services
line-up with features like M2M, enhanced data security, and
telepresence. Despite intense competition on the prepaid
market, Orange Dominicana has increased its customer base
by 3.5%.

Distribution

Orange Dominicana’s distribution network comprises
551 stores under the Orange brand (including 57 franchise
stores and 467 indirect sales outlets). Over 44,000 sales outlets
sell prepaid recharges (including Orange stores, scratch card
sales outlets, banks, ATMs, and electronic recharging outlets).

The Network

Orange rolled out the Dominican Republic’s first 4G LTE network
in 2012, as well as 254 new radio sites (2G, 3G, and LTE). The
company also increased its network capacity in response to the
marked growth in voice and data traffic.

Key Events
m July

= Rollout of the Dominican Republic’s first 4G LTE network,

= Orange named the Dominican Republic’s best place to
work by Mercado magazine;

m August: introduction of new data service options, mainly for
prepaid customers (Paquetico);

m= October: revamp of the company’s mobile Internet services
line-up.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 95
96

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Outlook

In 2013, Orange Dominicana aims to maintain the best mobile
market share in terms of mobile market growth and remain the
country’s favorite operator. The company intends to continue
to improve its mobile network and customer service quality. In
terms of offers, it will concentrate on data services for individual
and corporate customers.

United Kingdom

6.3.4.4 Other Non-Controlling Equity
Interests

United Kingdom

The Telecom Services Market

Since 2011, the UK economy has remained pessimistic, with
consumer confidence akin to levels experienced during the
recession. The GDP fell by 0.4% in 2012 (source: FMI). However,
2012 saw continued adoption of new technologies, with more
than 20 million non-corporate broadband Internet connections
and 98% of the UK population having digital television (source:
Ofcom).

The Competitive Environment
Fixed-line telephony and Internet
‘7 BROADBAND INTERNET MARKET SHARE

To reach its objectives, Orange Dominicana will continue to
develop its staff training programs and pursue investments in
innovation and social responsibility initiatives in the Dominican
Republic.

The mobile telephony penetration rate grew again in 2012, with
a rate of 188.5% versus 134.6% in 2011. The growth of 3G
network users has slowed, growing by around 11% against
around 28% in 2011, driven primarily by the sale of smartphone.
The UK mobile market declined by 0.4% in terms of revenues
for 2012, after the weak growth of 2011 (+0.6%) (source:
Analysys Mason). Postpaid ARPUs have continued to decline
due to strong competition on the UK market, richer bundles
and the regulatory impact on mobile call termination rates. SMS
revenues declined by 1.1% in 2012, unless data revenue has
growing by 4.4% (source: Enders Analysis).

2012 2011 2010
BT Retail (including Plusnet) 30.1% 29.6% 28.2%
Virgin Media 20.4% 21.0% 21.9%
TalkTalk Group (TTG) 18.6% 19.7% 21.5%
BSkyB 19.4% 17.6% 15.3%
EE 3.4% 3.4% 3.8%
02/Be 2.7% 3.0% 3.4%
Other 5.4% 5.7% 5.9%

Source: Enders Analysis

The combined market share of the six largest providers in the
retail broadband market (BT Retail, TalkTalk Group, Virgin Media,
BSkyB, Orange and O2) increased slightly to an estimated
94.5% in 2012. BT Retail and BSkyB remained the only two
major broadband operators to increase their market share.
BSkyB overtook TTG to become the third largest broadband
provider in the second half of 2012.

76% of UK households were equipped with a broadband
connection in the first quarter of 2012, with 72% using a
ixed broadband connection. The consumer trend towards
broadband packages covering one or more services from the
same provider continued. At the end of 2012, Virgin Media’s
triple play penetration rose to 65% of its cable customer base
from 64% a year earlier), while BSkyB’s triple play offering

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

achieved a 33% penetration rate amongst its pay TV customers
(from 29% the previous year). BT Retail and TTG started
marketing triple play bundles based on the YouView platform in
the second half of 2012.

BT’s Openreach division continued to deploy broadband fibre
services within the UK (mainly based on fibre to the cabinet),
with the roll-out reaching 13 million premises passed and
around 1.25m homes and businesses taking the service by
early 2013. All the major broadband operators are marketing
fibre services, with the exception of the O2 Home division. BT
Retail had the largest share of fibre lines on BT’s Openreach
network, reporting more than 1m fibre customers in early 2013
(representing 16% of BT Retail’s broadband customer base).

In September 2012, Everything Everywhere announced the
launch of the new EE brand, which has become the new
name of the Everything Everywhere business and its network.
This included the rebranding of the Orange home broadband

Mobile services

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS
United Kingdom

service, which under the EE brand started marketing fibre
services based on BT’s Openreach network.

’7 MOBILE MARKET SHARE

2012 2011 2010
EE 33.2% 33.2% 34.9%
02 27.3% 29.0% 26.7%
Vodafone 26.7% 26.7% 21.5%
H38G 9.9% 8.2% 7.8%
Virgin 3% 2.9% 4.6%

Source: Enders Analysis.

Aside from EE, there are currently three other network operators
in the UK mobile telecommunications market: O2 UK (a
subsidiary of Telefonica), Vodafone UK (a subsidiary of Vodafone
Plc) and 3 (owned by Hutchison Whampoa). EE and Three UK
have combined their 3G networks through a joint venture.

EE became the leading telecommunications operator in the
UK and has maintained most of its market share in 2012. O2

(Telefonica) has lost 2 points of marketshare in 2012, in favour
of H3G (+1.8 points) and Vodafone (+0.3 points).

MVNOs (Mobile Virtual Network Operators) operating in the
UK market include Virgin Mobile (owned by Virgin Media) and
Vectone, which both use the EE network. There is also Tesco
Mobile, a joint venture in which Telefonica O2 UK holds a 50%
stake and that uses the Telefonica O02 UK network.

EE activities
'7 FINANCIAL INDICATORS

2012 2011 2010
Revenues — (in millions of pounds) 6.657 6.784 7,049
Ebitda 1,085 1,171 1,160

As a % of revenues 16.3% 17.3% 16.5%

CAPEX 606 576 438
Source: EE - Annual figures for the last nine months for EE . The financial indicators are shown at 100%
Fixed telephony and Internet activities
'7 KEY INDICATORS

2012 2011 2010
Residential customers (in millions) 0.7 0.7 0.8

Source: EE

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 97
98

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Mobile telephony activities
"KEY INDICATORS

United Kingdom

2012 2011 2010
Mobile service revenues (in millions of pounds) 5,953 6,112 6,296
Number of customers (in millions) 26.8 27.6 27.2
o/w postpaid 13.6 12.8 11.9
o/w prepaid 12.6 14.0 15.3
ARPU 18.6 18.9 19.7
Source: EE

For more information on EE performance and results, see
Chapter 9, Analysis of the financial position and earnings,
section 9.1.3.7.

EE’s offers

The 4G service was launched with five price plans, ranging
from 36 £ to 56 &, all offering unlimited voice calls and texts,
with bundled data ranging from 500 MB to 8 GB to effectively
monetise the data opportunity. Innovative services, such as
Clone Phone and Deezer (data back-up and music products)
were also included to enhance the customer experience. 4G
was also launched for business customers to enable technology,
improve their efficiency and deliver their business solutions.
The plans were available on a range of smartphones from the
leading manufacturers, including Apple, Nokia and Samsung.

EE also launched T-Mobile Full Monty, which gives unlimited
voice, texts and data and promoted Orange The Works, a high
value package for smartphone users, with many value-added
extras such as Wifi and unlimited push email.

Distribution

In October 2012, EE rebranded all Orange and T-Mobile stores
with the new EE format, offering the new EE and existing Orange
and T-Mobile products and services in each store. In early 2013,
EE announced plans to close 78 duplicate stores.

Within the indirect distribution channel there are two main store
chains: The Carphone Warehouse (CPW) and Phones 4u (P4U).
This channel also comprises a number of mass merchandisers
that allow EE to offer their products and services to a significantly
larger audience and to satisfy those consumers who prefer to
choose from a host of operators in one location.

The network
Fixed network

During 2010, EE signed an agreement with BT to outsource
the Orange fixed line network. In return, EE can use the BT
infrastructure to sell its services, which will provide a more
reliable and faster network for the customer. The subscriber
base was migrated to BT’s network in 2011.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Mobile network

In the UK, EE operates 4G, 3G and 1,800 MHz GSM mobile
networks. 4G is deployed at 1,800 MHz following approval from
Ofcom to re-use 1,800 MHz for 4G services. The GSM license
is indefinite with a one-year notice of revocation, while the 3G
license expires in December 2021. 2G national roaming across
both brands’ networks was introduced in October 2010, and in
early 2011, all customers began to receive access to the two
networks. This was extended to include the 3G networks in
2012. Prior to the founding of EE, T-Mobile and Three UK were
in the process of merging their 3G networks under the umbrella
of ajoint venture, Mobile Broadband Networks Ltd (MBNL). This
process continued after the creation of EE.

Key Events 2012

The main events in 2012 included adopting the new EE brand,
the launch of 4G services, and the launch of fixed services over
fiber optic.

Outlook
In 2018, EE will focus on:

m= market leadership and customer loyalty:
= continue roll-out and densification of 4G network,
= improving customer value by increasing pay monthly base,
= maintaining the lowest churn rate in the market,

= delivering the best customer experience in terms of data
network and devices,

= Offering subscribers exceptional service through the retail
networks and online sales;

m= operational excellence:
= generating the savings and synergies announced,

= creating a simplified, flexible IT architecture to guarantee
fast delivery times,

=a becoming an efficient organization and a_ respected
employer, especially as regards front-line operations;

m= growth based on data:

= monetizing the growth in mobile data (access and new
services),

= concentrating on profitable growth segments
residential, M2M),

(B28,

= expanding on select market opportunities (advertising and
mobile operations).

Mauritius

auritius had a population of around 1.3 million in 2012 (Source:
MF, October 2012).

auritius Telecom, which is 40% owned by France Telecom-
Orange, is active on the mobile, fixed and Internet markets
hrough its subsidiaries CellPlus Mobile Communications Ltd
and Telecom Plus Ltd. As of April 2008, Orange has been the
only brand used in the mobile and Internet markets.

n 2012, almost 38% of households in Mauritius were connected
0 the fixed-line broadband network, and the mobile penetration
rate reached 104% (source: Mauritian statistics office). As the
second operator to join the mobile telephony market in Mauritius,
after Emtel, CellPlus Mobile Communications Ltd opened for
business in October 1996 and develops its services on GSM
900 MHz and 1,800 MHz bandwidths. It has also provided
a GPRS service since December 2004 and implemented a
3G _ network that became operational in November 2005. In
June 2012, Mauritius Telecom became the first operator to offer
4G services.

Mauritius Telecom-Orange is now the mobile telephony leader,
followed by the country’s two other mobile operators, Emtel
and MTML (source: Informa Telecom & Media). In 2012, Orange
consolidated its position on the mobile market thanks to a
continual improvement in its network, voice and data coverage,
as well as its customer service. The number of mobile data
customers has increased markedly and accounted for 27% of
total customers at end-2012.

The distribution network was expanded and Mauritius Telecom-
Orange had 21 Orange shops and more than 5,000 retailers at
end-2012. During the year the number of mobile handsets and
tablets sold doubled by volume and increased 33% by value.
The tablets marketed by Orange proved extremely popular with
over 6,000 sold in December 2012 alone.

The company also introduced new services like Orange Money
and Deezer (music streaming) in 2012. Orange Money lets
mobile and fixed-line customers pay their mobile bills and
certain utility bills (like water, electricity, and television) using their
cell phones.

Mauritius Telecom is also the leading fixed-line and Internet
provider and offers:

lm arange of local and international voice and data services;

m= ADSL broadband offers (from 128 Kbps to 8 Mbps);

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Morocco

= amultiplay Internet TV service (My.T) with a standard package
of 31 channels, a premium Bollywood package, an Explorer
package with ten channels, and an extensive Video on
Demand catalog following broadcasting agreements with
Sony Pictures, Gaumont Production, and Disney.

The broadband fixed-line customer base increased by 18%
in 2012, boosted by the successive drops in rates and the
extension of the network coverage following the roll out of fiber
FTTC and FTTB). The continued roll out of broadband across
he island and the constant drop in rates should allow 75% of
he population to have access to the Internet from 2014. This
rollout will also meet the roaming needs of mobile data for
ourists which are constantly rising.

auritius Telecom-Orange is connected to the international
network since 2002 via the submarine SAFE cable. A second
connection point has been in place since the end of 2009 via
he LION cable. With the LION and EASSY cables becoming
operational as of 2010, connectivity was opened up with East
Africa and voice and data traffic became secure by offering
an alternative route. The commissioning of the LION 2 cable
in June 2012 provided even more international bandwidth
for MT Group and more convenience for Internet users. See
section 8.1.5 Transmission Networks for more information.

The improved connectivity enabled Mauritius Telecom to offer
hosting and technical management services to Kongsberg
Satellite Services (KSAT).

Portugal

On February 15, 2013, Sonae and France Telecom-Orange
signed a call option agreement for Sonae, and an agreement for
the France Telecom-Orange Group to sell its entire 20% interes
in Sonaecom, a telecommunications operator in Portugal.

The Soane call options can be exercised for a period of 18
months, followed by a period of three months for the exercise o
put options by France Telecom.

This agreement meets the objective announced by France
Telecom-Orange to dispose of its minority interest in Portugal
in light of the eventual consolidation of the telecommunications
market.

Morocco

Morocco had a population of 32.5 million in 2012 (source: IMF,
October 2012). The mobile penetration rate was 120% of the
population in 2012 (source: ANRT).

Orange is present on the Moroccan market through Médi
Telecom, following the acquisition of 40% of the capital and
voting rights of Fipar-Holding (Caisse de Dépdt et de Gestion
group) and Medium Finance (FinanceCom group) that was
finalized at end-2010. Médi Telecom, with its operation of three
fixed telephony and 2G and 3G mobile telephony licenses, has
been present in the market since 1999 and is the second overall
telecommunications operator in Morocco.

WANA, which also owns a fixed-line license, acquired a 3G
license in 2006 and a GSM license in 2009, leading to increased
competition on the mobile market.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

99
100

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Médi Telecom had a 29.5% share of the mobile market in 2012,
with 11.5 million subscribers at year-end, and cover 99% of
the population (source: ANRT). The mobile subscriber base is
mainly made up of prepaid customers (95% of customers), and
the market has a high rate of multiple ownership of SIM cards.

Tunisia

Moreover, the Moroccan telecommunications market saw a drop
in the price of mobile services in 2012 (down 25% compared to
2011 in terms of the average price of outgoing voice - source:
ANRT), which lead to a 32% increase in subscribers’ average
usage in terms of volume (Source: ANRT, December 2012). The
main mobile uses are voice and SMS but data and value-added
services are developing rapidly.

Médi Telecom had 1.14 million Internet subscribers, or a
36.25% share of the mobile Internet market, at end-2012.
Most Moroccans access the Internet via their cell phones;
this accounts for some 83% of Internet usage in the country
(source: ANRT).

Médi Telecom has 13,000 sales outlets throughout the country
for the distribution of its products and services.

Tunisia
Tunisia had a population of more than 10.8 million at end-
September 2012 (source: IMF, October 2012) and a mobile

market penetration rate of 118.3% (source: Instance Nationale
des Télécommunications, mobile dashboard, December 2012).

Following the international call for tender in 2009 for the
acquisition of a third fixed and mobile (2G and 3G) license in
Tunisia, the license was granted to a consortium set up by
France Telecom-Orange and Investec. In July 2009, France
Telecom-Orange subscribed to a capital increase in Divona
Telecom and acquired 49%. Divona Telecom, the assignee of
the license, became Orange Tunisie. Orange Tunisie began
commercial operations on May 5, 2010.

Thanks to its 1,139 sites as of end-December 2012, Orange
Tunisie’s 2G (voice) coverage now spans over 93% of the
population, and its 3G (data) coverage spans 84%. This enabled
the company to exceed 1.5 million active subscribers as of end-
December 2012.

Orange Tunisie’s mobile market share has _ increased
significantly to reach 11.9%, versus 52.6% for Tunisiana and
35.5% for Tunisie Telecom (source: Instance National des
Télécommunications, December 2012).

In 2012, Orange Tunisie continued its technical and commercia
innovation. It introduced the 8G Max (3G connection ai
42 Mbps) service, underscoring its leadership position in 3G.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

In terms of offers, it further expanded its Allo Lelkol service (with
a set rate for calls to any operator), revamped its postpaid plan
line-up, and introduced the Kollou Bonus plan in November,
under which customers get 100% additional free calls (for life)
to any operator with all top-ups of 5 dinars or more.

In 2013 Orange Tunisie will focus on continuing to roll out and
improve service quality on its voice and data networks, so as to
maintain its leadership position in the 3G market. The company
intends to expand its services line-up to target high-value
customers and to enhance its customer loyalty programs. It
also plans to expand its direct and indirect distribution network
o support its sales and marketing strategy.

Iraq

raq had a population of 33.6 million at end-2012 (source:
MF, October 2012). In March 2011, France Telecom-Orange
acquired an indirect 20% stake in the Iraqi operator, Korek
Telecom, which had 4 million customers at end-October 2012.
With a mobile penetration rate of 77% (source: Telegeography,
arch 2011), lraq has a mobile penetration rate well below
many of its neighboring countries. The deployment of Korek
Telecom, which holds a national 2G and 3G mobile license in
a country undergoing major economic reconstruction, offers
good prospects for growth.

Vanuatu

Vanuatu had a population of 0.3 million in 2012 (source: IMF,
October 2012). Telecom Vanuatu Limited (TVL), a fixed, mobile
and Internet operator, is equally and jointly owned by France
Telecom-Orange (FCR) and Mauritius Telecom International
Ventures Limited.

Equatorial Guinea

Equatorial Guinea had a population of 0.7 million at end-2012
(source: World Bank).

Getesa, Equatorial Guinea’s incumbent operator and present on
the mobile, fixed and Internet markets, is 40% owned by France
Telecom-Orange and 60% owned by the Guinean State.

The country has three telecom operators: Getesa, Hits, and
Gecomsa. Gecomsa is a joint venture created in 2012 between
the Equatorial Guinean government, which owns 51%, and
Chinese investors.

The country’s mobile penetration rate was 75% in Q3 2012;
97% of users are on prepaid plans. Getesa was the mobile
market leader with an 82% market share, followed by Hits with
a 17% market share (source: Informa Telecom).

In December 2012 a fiber optic cable was completed (under
the ACE submarine cable project) that links Equatorial
Guinea to other African countries and that gives the country
broadband Internet access. Equatorial Guinea is represented
in the ACE consortium (led by France Telecom-Orange) by its
government and by Getesa, which did not provide financing
(see section 8.1.5 Transmission Networks for more information).

6.3.5 Enterprise Communications
Services

Orange Business Services covers both:

a the Enterprise Communications Services (ECS) unit, which
supplies communications services to multinational companies
and corporate accounts and SMEs in France "); and

m Orange subsidiaries’ Business-to-Business (B2B) activities.

Orange Business Services covers all the Group’s business
customers in more than 160 countries and regions where it
provides local technical and commercial assistance.

By the end of December 2012, ECS had generated 7 billion
euros in revenues before intra-Group eliminations. In addition
to France Telecom S.A.’s and Equant’s business activity, this
business segment includes several subsidiaries, each with
its own specific expertise, including: Etrali (trading solutions),

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Enterprise Communications Services

Almerys (health), Orange Consulting (project management,
telecom consulting), Multimedia Business Services (multimedia
contact centers), Neocles (virtualization solutions), [T&Labs
(design and development of embedded Machine to Machine
applications, vehicle fleet management), Obiane (secure
network integration), Alsy (integration services), EGT (equipment
and services for video conferences), and GlobeCast (multimedia
broadcast systems).

6.3.5.1. The Market

France Telecom-Orange Group operates under the brand name
Orange Business Services, both in France and internationally,
in the Business communication and IT services markets.
This market is part of the Information and Communications
Technologies (ICT) sector, which brings together technologies
used to process and send information. Worldwide this market
represents just over 1,100 billion euros.

TG. 1: POSITIONING OF ORANGE BUSINESS SERVICES ON THE ICT VALUE CHAIN

Telecom infra
(maintenance
integration)

Mobile
telecom

Fixed-line

telecom
Telecom infra
outsourcing

Business
Crue) Services

TG. 2: GLOBAL ICT MARKET, IN VALUE (IN!BILLIONS OF EUROS, 2012)

273 25 310 395

NA
35%

Sources: Gartner, Yankee Group Research

IT infra

(maintenance
integration)

IT infra
outsourcing

72

Applications
development
Equipment

_ (sales)
Applications

integration &
maintenance

501,125
® Fixed voice
Data
“ Mobile
Professional services
® Product support

suoneorunwU0s9]9,L

WE: Western Europe

CEE: Central & Eastern Europe
AP: Asia Paci c

NA: North America

LA: Latin America

MEA: Middle East & Africa

SOOIAIOS LT

LA MEA Total

6%

5%

(1) Excluding mobile services sold to businesses under the responsibility of France (see section 6.3. 1).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

101
102

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

ECS is an integral part of Orange Business Services and helps
French corporations, SMEs, and local governments “ as well
as multinationals around the world implement communication
projects. It offers a full range of integrated, managed, and cloud
computing services that can be provided as either a bundled
package or a customized solution. ECS’s services are divided
into eight categories: networks, communications, customer
relationship management, IT systems, data security, business
solutions, mobility, and consulting and other services.

Enterprise Communications Services

ECS’s markets expanded in 2012 despite the sluggish global
economy, driven largely by international sales:

min France, corporate spending remained relatively stable
despite the country’s grim economic climate. A slight
contraction in the networks and Internet market and a further
decline in the voice market in 2012 were offset by relatively
weak growth in the IT services market:

= the fixed-line voice market slid a further 8% during the year
as a pick-up in VoIP was not enough to offset the drop in
traditional telephony by both volume and value. The marke
was also weighed down by the ongoing shift in consumer
usage away from voice and towards mobile and unified
communications,

athe networks market shrank slightly, as the downward
trend in historical business networks—amplified in 2012 by
the discontinuation of X.25—was almost entirely offset by
growth in mature networks on the back of robust demand
for broadband,

= the services market had a benign year with growth expected
to reach just under 2%. The real upturn should come in
2013-2014, but will depend on how well the economy turns
around;

m outside France, both the telecom and IT services markets
had a buoyant year in spite of the global economic crisis.
They expanded some 10%, although around 80% of this
growth can be attributed to favorable exchange rates:

athe market for connectivity services (fixed-line voice and
data networks) for multinationals bounded again in 2012,
adding between 8% and 10% (including the effect of
exchange rates). This growth is being fuelled by expansion
in these companies’ businesses and their communications
needs, especially for IP VPN and Ethernet networks,

= the services market also had another strong year, surging
10% (including the effect of exchange rates) on the back of
12% to 13% growth in consulting and outsourcing services.

6.3.5.2 The Competitive Environment

Fluctuations in the current economic climate and changes in
the way companies use ICTs have encouraged those operating
on the corporate telecoms market (operators, integrators, and
Internet companies) to adapt their strategy:

m telecommunications operators are looking for new vectors
for growth by orienting their business models towards
P services, in order to offset the drop in_ traditional
communication revenues. This trend is being intensified by
he uncertain economic climate and increasing customer
demand for integrated, flexible solutions with prices suited
‘© new usages;

m the boundaries between telecom operators and integrators
are blurring due to the commoditization of networks and the
convergence towards IP. Operators are offering advanced
communication services that are integrated into businesses’
information systems to an increasing extent—entering into
direct competition with IP integrators and Internet companies.
At the same time, Internet companies are enhancing their
services with network solutions to take advantage of the rise
in new usages like cloud computing;

m= confronted with new business mobility-related usages
(ike BYOD, or Bring Your Own Device), both operators
and integrators are updating their services line-up to
meet customers’ needs for administration, data security,
applications, and value-added services;

m regional expansion is another growth driver, reflected in the
increasing attention being paid to emerging countries, as
with BT’s Prosperity Plan for Asia and Latin America and
with Telefonica’s large presence in Latin America (especially
in Brazil).

These companies may turn to acquisitions to speed their
transition to new business models; this was the case for Verizon
with its 612 million-dollar purchase of Hughes Telematics
in June 2012, and for NTT with its numerous acquisitions of
integrators and data center services providers.

France Telecom-Orange’s main competitors on the market are:
a telecommunications operators:

= SFR Business Team, which offers a range of fixed, mobile
and Internet solutions,

= alternative local loop operators like Colt and Numericable-
Completel that can target French companies as well as
multinationals,

(1) The Corporate business market is under the responsibility of France (see section 6.3.1).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
= global telecom service operators, such as BT Global

Services, Verizon Business, AT&T Business Services,
Verizon Business, and T-Systems, that offer global
distributed services for multinationals. These operators
can also carry local and national calls by using the France
Telecom-Orange network's interconnection services,

«global operators from emerging countries (like Tata
Communications, Reliance, and China Telecom) that set
up hybrid solutions based on their own networks and
combined with third-party operators’ solutions that they
manage themselves,

= incumbent operators in some countries;

m= network integrators and managed service providers with
which France Telecom-Orange works in coopetition (a
combination of cooperation and competition)— especially
for companies that use a multi-provider approach such as
NextiraOne, Spie Communication, and Dimension Data (NTT
group);

m= major players like IBM Global Services, HP Enterprise
Services, Atos Origin, and Cap Gemini that support
companies through their IT transformation projects; the main
service categories in which these companies are positioned

'7 FINANCIAL INDICATORS

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Enterprise Communications Services

include network integration, infrastructure management,
outsourcing, third-party application maintenance (TPAM),
consulting, and engineering;

m Internet companies and businesses targeting niche markets
that offer VoIP, messaging, and cloud computing services.
Such companies include Skype, Amazon Web Services,
Google, and Salesforce.com globally, and OVH in France.

m= major software suppliers that offer their applications online as
services, like Microsoft, Oracle, and SAP.

6.3.5.3 Orange Business Services
activities

In response to growing competition and changing market
trends, Orange Business Services is making targeted
investments to differentiate itself through its global coverage
and high-performance networks. It aims to provide the best
service quality and customer experience in the market. Orange
Business Services also supplies infrastructure services,
virtualization services, and “real-time” applications as services.
It is continuing to expand its capacity to offer innovative services
in emerging markets.

(in millions of euros) 2012 2011 2010
Revenues 7,001 7A01 7,216
historical business networks 1,872 2,182 2,437
traditional business networks 2,895 2,782 2,793
growth business networks 402 366 321
services 1,832 1,771 1,665
EBITDA 1,134 1,276 1,299
as a % of revenues 16.20% 18.0% 18.0%
CAPEX 352 343 318
as a % of revenues 5.00% 4.8% 4.4%
Source: Orange
'7 OPERATIONAL INDICATORS
2012 2011 2010
France +!International (number of accesses in thousands)
Number of IP-VPN accesses 3826 317 319
France (number of accesses in thousands)
business telephone lines (PSTN) 3,681 4,032 4,424
permanent accesses to data networks 349 344 336
o/w IP-VPN accesses 281 277 271
XoIP 67 59 49
Business Everywhere 813 802 801

Source: Orange

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

103
104

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Enterprise Communications Services

"7 KEY OPERATING INDICATORS RELATED TO ENTERPRISE COMMUNICATION SERVICES

Name De#nitions

Product lines

IPVPN access
(France!+!International)

Number of IPVPN (IP virtual private network) accesses marketed by Orange
Business Services in France and Internationally. These accesses allow

IPVPN France, IPVPN
International

companies to pool their applications and introduce new ways of using them

(VoIP/IP Telephony).

Business telephone

lines (PSTN) or digital lines.

Access to the Switched Telephone Network (STN), from analog lines

Analog lines, basic access,
primary accesses

Permanent access
to!data networks

This indicator essentially covers IPVPN and some of the XoIP offer in France:
= broadband Internet accesses combined with a set of ready-to-use services
(Business Internet Office and Business Internet), mainly for SMEs;
= broadband Internet and VoIP accesses (with or without Centrex,
which exempts customers of telephone switchboard maintenance
and management constraints) for businesses with independent sites;
= accesses to businesses’ virtual private IP network in France.

Business Internet,

Business Internet Office,
Business Internet Voice,
Business Internet Centrex,
IPVPN France, Ethernet

XoIP Offers This indicator covers:

= broadband accesses offering an IP service, with or without Centrex,
for companies developing on independent sites;
= managed telephony over IP solutions that use existing IPVPN access.

Business Internet Voice,
Business Internet Centrex,
Business Talk IP, Business
Talk IP Centrex

These solutions are used for work station networking, voice transfer

and IP-VPN connectivity.

Offers

Orange Business Services offers a wide range of products and
services on the French market, from the market for professionals
to business accounts, as well as for multinationals operating
abroad.

Orange Business Services’ solutions, including packaged or
tailor made and using different methods such as integrated,
managed or cloud, are aimed at accompanying companies in
their digital transformation. These solutions are based around
five key challenges for businesses:

m= connecting people, sites and machines using a robust and
secure high-performance network;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

m= encouraging collaboration between Company employees
through unified communication and collaboration services;

= contributing to more dynamic Company operations and
processes via innovative, enduring solutions;

a Offering free-flowing exchanges with business customers to
ensure an exemplary customer experience;

m= working with an operator that is able to accompany the
business in its development plans and objectives.
overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Enterprise Communications Services

To meet these needs, Orange Business Services has structured a IT solutions (virtualization, systems integration, APIs, and
its portfolio of offers around seven main types of products and M2M building blocks);
services:
m= Business Line solutions (healthcare, finance, transport,

m= network offers, including certain levels of service guarantees cross-cutting geolocation and fleet management offers, and

(mobile and _ fixed-line connectivity, and voice and data electronic exchange applications);

transfers) and customer relations solutions (multimedia

contact centers, voice or mobile portals, payment services); = security solutions (safe work environments and infrastructure,

management and governance);
= mobility offers (telephony, mobile messaging, and wireless

data access); = consulting and customer services (needs analysis, installation,

and user training) in various areas: switching to “all IP”,

m unified communication and collaboration — services virtualization, adopting Machine to Machine, supervising and
(interoperability between telephony, messaging and video managing service quality.

conference solutions, and joint fixed-line and mobile offers, in
triple- or quadruple play);

‘7 HISTORICAL BUSINESS NETWORKS

Branch Type Name Main characteristics
Network offers PSTN access Analog Fixed switched telephone network access offers, with preferential rates and
a certain number of a la carte services for optimized business telephony.
Outgoing PSTN ISDN Telephone connection services with end-to-end digital quality,
traf c also for operating electronic payment applications, remote monitoring,
Machine to Machine, continuous back-up link and video conferencing
applications.
PSTN voice traffic Offers that give businesses special rates for communication from fixed lines

in mainland France or in French overseas departments, whether the call is
local, nearby, national or international and to fixed lines as well as mobiles;
a certain number of a la carte telephony and management services are
also available.
Incoming traf c Virtual private network Offers that simplify businesses’ management of fixed and mobile
(VPN) traffic and fixed/ communications, by grouping fixed and mobile communications
mobile convergence under a single package or by giving users the option of being reached at
any time on their fixed or mobile line with a single number and voicemail.
Reception numbers A range of services for professional telephone reception, using single
numbers with different rates, and incoming traffic management services
ike multimedia contact centers, voice or mobile portals, and payment

services.
Infrastructure Audiotel number Kiosk service that gives the Company’s customers quick, simple and
data services argeted access to its telephone services, a la carte rates, with an income
‘or the Company from its customers’ paid use of its content.
Leased lines Permanent dedicated connection services used to manage all information

lows; these services are accessible in France on a turnkey basis and offer
a wide range of guaranteed bandwidth; these connections are gradually
being replaced by DSL and Ethernet technologies or other fiber optic
echnologies.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 105
106

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Enterprise Communications Services

‘7 TRADITIONAL BUSINESS NETWORKS

Branch Type Name Main characteristics
Network offers _ Infrastructure Ethernet and other types High capacity broadband connection services that allow companies
Mobility offers data services of broadband access ‘© manage a set of communication flows safely and with improved

performance; these services are primarily used for local networks
on the Company's sites and to connect its main sites to one another.

DSL services, including
IPVPN

Business service offers on DSL, for fast and simple communication
between the business’ sites or outside lines, with high performance
and bandwidth.

Fiber optic services

Fiber optic service offers that let the business interconnect local
networks on its sites at the required speed, up to high capacity
broadband; these services foster the development of new
communication and cooperation habits within the Company

or with partners.

Managed data Services for networks A set of services available for all companies with managed Intranet

over IP managed over IP services, to optimize the business’ network performance, secure
data, ensure service continuity and support customers with network
management.

Acceleration Managed Internet services Powerful, secure Internet access solutions for businesses,

Roaming which optimize online actions (instant browsing, protected data

exchange, collaborative work, etc.).

Managed Intranet services

Multi-site business Intranet network solutions managed by Orange
Business Services for the business, giving access to a broad range
of communication and collaborative user services; these solutions
are modular and adaptable, and come with custom support services
for each business.

Service continuity and
network performance

Control, accelerate and guarantee the performance of the networks
and ensure network availability and the correct running of applications.

Roaming solutions

Solutions that give companies’ roaming employees secure remote
access to their Company’s applications and messaging services
from a PC, tablet computer, or PDA.

Television Broadcasting Television content
transmission management and
offers broadcasting solutions

‘7 GROWTH BUSINESS NETWORKS

Content digitalization, aggregation, transmission and reformatting
services aimed at supplying satellite television platforms, digital
terrestrial TV and cable networks.

Branch Type Name Main characteristics

Network offers VoIP Telephony services over IP_ Unlimited telephony services over Internet, to and from fixed lines and
Managed data mobiles, via the Internet router and the telephone switchboard (PABX)
over IP connected to a multiservice modem that centralizes Internet and
Infrastructure data telephony.
VoIP Managed video services Video conference management services compatible with all types

of equipment and networks; simple, fast and powerful; managed
by Orange Business Services and enabling companies to overcome
all types of technical and logistic constraints.

Wi-Fi and Satellite-based
services

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Offers to business services of satellite services that allow for quick

and easy implementation of both satellite-based and terrestrial
communications solutions for primary or secondary connectivity needs
on terrestrial Company sites, oil platforms and vessel fleets.
overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Enterprise Communications Services

‘7 SERVICES
Branch Type Name Main characteristics
Uni ed Advanced VoIP and IP telephony P telephony solutions based on DSL or fiber optic infrastructure
communication Communication services services to help the Company control its telephony costs and
and Services providing it with new telephony and collaborative services;
collaboration management of the solution may be handed over to Orange
services Business Services in full.
Joint fixed-line and Joint fixed-line and mobile solutions that allow users to remain
mobile services contactable at all times at a single number and benefit from
all fixed-line services while mobile.
LAN and telephony Design, supply or rental, installation and management of PABX,
business solutions PBX and LAN equipment. Various levels of service: on-site
or remote work, contractual commitment levels with or without
material investments.
Collaborative Work Availability of collaborative spaces, online document sharing,
Solutions ‘elephone or web-based meetings, audio or video conference
services such as telepresence that can bring teams together
remotely from anywhere in the world, with high quality sound
and images.
Unified messaging Access to unified professional messaging and communications
and communications cools (fixed-line telephones, mobiles, Internet, instant messaging)
solutions rom different work stations and communication terminals, thereby
acilitating communication within the Company.
IT solutions IT solutions System integration and Design, development and integration of specific applications,
API mobile and online portals, and dematerialization solutions.
And development of an API range for companies’ business line
applications or their web or mobile services.
M2M solutions Design, development and integration of M2M application platforms
(Machine to Machine communication) and M2M connectivity
solutions for the exchange and processing of data between
communicating objects.
IT infrastructure Design and development (on-site or managed) of secure solutions
management and or hosting and virtualizing data centers, work stations and servers
virtualization services using different methods such as cloud computing.
ntegration and operation of services platforms, and coordination
of large-scale projects.
Business Line Business Line Application-based Solutions adapted to our customers’ sector-specific problems,
Solutions Solutions solutions specific to particularly in healthcare (third-party payers, hospitals, etc.),
vertically integrated or market trading (trading room equipment), and transport (passenger
transverse activities information or the more transverse GPS technology for vehicle fleet
management).
Security Security Services Services for the Services to protect and safeguard supervised and managed data
solutions protection and security and infrastructures, end-user services including secure mobile
of data and Company connections from all types of handsets, back-up and recovery
networks solutions, and handset locking and remote management systems
that allow for secure data exchange and ensure service continuity.
Consulting Consulting Consulting, project and —_ Providing businesses with upstream advice to define, design
and customer and support service management, and implement their telecommunications and IT strategies.
services rollout services, Customer support services for the design phase, rollout installation
operational support, and and infrastructure and project management services.
end-user services Tools and services to ensure the smooth running and improved

efficiency of ICT services for both administrators and end-users.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 10/7
108

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

Distribution and Partnerships

In France, offers designed for companies (excluding large
accounts) are marketed by the Orange France division’s
Business Marketing Division. This market includes professionals,
small companies, SMEs and companies with more than
50 employees, and is managed by a country-wide commercial
branch network which, via sales personnel dedicated to a
portfolio of customers and a network of telephone advisors,
provide customers with information on offers, order status,
service quality and incident resolution.

Enterprise Communications Services

The Large Accounts France Division, canvasses, advises and
accompanies 240 customers from the biggest companies,
via five branches that are organized by business sector. The
department provides stringent and dedicated direct sales
teams, for pre-sales, sales and services, and promotes
partnership-based approaches.

Its aim is to provide a global approach to the solutions its sells
and the commercial coverage of customers’ sites, both abroad
in association with the other sales departments (global teaming)
and with the Business Marketing France teams which are
responsible for maintaining a close business relationship all over
France for remote sites.

The department relies on its customer services teams which
guarantee the quality of orders and single entry point invoicing.

It aims to promote and develop the convergence of
telecommunication and IT services to answer the current and
future needs of its large account customers, including cloud
computing, security, the workstation of the future, customer
experience and services, while strengthening its excellent
mobility businesses, data network (particularly internationally),
and telephony services.

Lastly, the France Telecom-Orange website allows companies
to manage their contracts and to place orders in real time.

The Group’s commitment to working with businesses also
means thatit strives to offer its customers high-quality, exemplary
service in the comprehensive solutions it provides: managed
data, telephony, integration services. Orange Business Services
iS a privileged contact point for its customers throughout their
contracts, and it forms lasting relationships with them based on
creating value together and making its industrial solutions faster
and more reliable, with better invoicing and customer service.

The Customer Service & Operations (CS&O) Division has
around 7,000 employees who work in more than 160 countries,
sometimes with the help of local partners.

This team focuses on two main issues:

a the first of its tasks is rollout, during which CS&O advises
and supports customers as they set up their solutions
globally and locally. In 2012, particular attention was paid to
accompanying its French customers operating abroad and to
rolling out IT solutions and unified communication services;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

m the second of these is the support and optimization phase in
which CS&0O uses its global geographic organization to follow
customers wherever they work, guaranteeing user assistance
and support anywhere and anytime.

CS&O has three Customer Service Units (CSU) in France, five
Major Service Centers (MSC) in India, Egypt, Brazil, Mauritius,
and France operating around the clock, and a field presence in
all the world’s regions where its customers are located (Europe,
Middle East and Africa, Asia-Pacific, North and South America).
As in 2011, this set-up ensured the continuity of services for
its customers during extraordinary events such as Hurricane
Sandy in the Caribbean and United States.

Thanks to its remarkable efficiency, Orange Business Services
won three major awards at the 2012 World Communication
Awards: Best Global Operator; Best Cloud Service; and the
User’s Choice Award. It also received three ISO certifications
during the year: ISO 9001, Quality Management Systems;
ISO 20000, IT Service Management; and ISO 27001, Information
Security Management Systems.

In addition to direct sales channels, Orange Business Services
uses indirect sales channels run by domestic or regional
telecommunications operators that want to meet their domestic
customers’ international needs outside of their own region.
Orange Business Services provides them with connectivity
services through network interconnection or service integration,
in the form of unbranded services (.e., services resold by the
distributor under its own brand name) or managed services.

Orange Business Services is working to build this type
of partnership in the most developed markets, preferably
with the leading operator or its direct competitor, like NTT
Communications in Japan. This approach enables Orange
Business Services to penetrate the small- and medium-
sized companies’ market by controlling sales costs (resale to
domestic operator) and by building complete offers to cover
he domestic and international requirements of certain large
accounts (partnership with the domestic operator). Orange
Business Services has also developed partnerships with the
main systems integrators such as Accenture, Cap Gemini,
BM and HP, in order to detect opportunities for contracts,
especially large transformation projects, where the teams’ skills
are complimentary.

Finally, Orange Business Services works in close cooperation
with dominant technology players, bilaterally as with Cisco,
icrosoft, Alcatel-Lucent, Avaya, and Juniper and as part of a
consortium like with Flexible4Business (a partnership between
SCE, Cisco, EMC and VMware). This cooperation is developed
with business customers, to implement the customized
solutions that best fit their needs. It is also working on any kind
of innovation that could add to the portfolio of offers.

Key events

The main events in the Enterprise segment in 2012 were:
January

m= Orange Business Services positioned as a leader among
Asia-Pacific network service providers.

February

= Nespresso revolutionizes its Business Solutions after-sales
services with Machine to Machine solution from Orange.

March

m= Orange Business Services helps decision-makers manage
personal vs. professional telecommunications uses at their
companies.

m= Orange Business Services introduces the new Livebox Pro.
April
m= Cloud meets video with Orange Business Services.

m= Cotecna and Orange to provide secure M2M tracking and
transit monitoring solutions.

May

m Orange and the Stade de France Consortium launch the
supporters’ experience of the stadiums of the future.

June

= Marseille becomes the first city to be covered by Orange’s
4G network.

September

m= Orange, Thales, and Caisse des Dépdts announce the start-
up of Cloudwatt, their cloud computing infrastructure joint
venture.

m= Orange Business Services confirms its strategy for indirect
telecom and IT sales.

m= Orange Business Services builds global M2M communications
infrastructure for Openmatics.

October

m= Orange Business Services takes next step in its international
customer contact strategy.

November

m= Orange Business Services wins major awards at the 2012
World Communication Awards: Best Global Operator; Best
Cloud Service; and the User’s Choice Award.

m Fleet Performance, Orange Business Services’ _ fleet
management service, is enhanced with an eco-driving
system, a fuel consumption tracking system, and a mobile
application November 20, 2012.

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

Enterprise Communications Services

m Orange unveils its first 4G service for business customers,
with services for consumers slated to follow in February 2013.

December

m Orange Business Services introduces Multi Connect
Business, a VoIP and unified communication package for
SMEs.

m= For cloud computing, Orange Business Services shows
growth in revenue of 33% with 113 million euros in revenue
or 2012.

m France Telecom-Orange extends its fiber-to-the-office service
0 over 500 small and medium-sized French cities.

= Hospital 2.0: Orange fully equips the Metz-Thionville regional
hospital to bring it into the digital age.

Outlook

In 2013, Orange Business Services will continue to implements
its Conquest 2015 strategic plan, prioritizing:

a the development of employee skills sets, by better anticipating
changes in expertise and improving working tools;

m an exemplary customer experience, in particular through a
continuous improvement approach focused on the customer
experience;

m the development of growth vectors, in particular cloud
computing (consolidation of its position in France and
International development) and improving how innovative
offers are marketed;

m the development of emerging markets;

m performance optimization.

6.3.6 International Carriers

and Shared Services

The International Carriers and Shared Services segment
incorporates:

m the sales activities and services to international carriers,
he rollout of international and long-distance networks (see
section 8.1), and the laying and maintenance of submarine
cables;

m the shared services which include the Group’s support and
cross-divisional services and the new growth vectors (content,
health, online advertising). The majority of the shared services
are re-invoiced to the other operating segments (brand
icense fees, Group services, specific items re-invoiced on a
case-by-case basis).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

109
110

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

'7 FINANCIAL INDICATORS

International Carriers and!Shared Services

(in millions of euros) 2012 2011 2010
Revenues 1,623 1,610 1,600
International carriers’ activity 1,382 1,361 1,369
Shared Services 241 249 231
EBITDA -402 105 -661
as a % of revenues -24.7% 6.5% -41.3%
CAPEX 415 367 312
as a % of revenues 25.6% 22.8% 19.5%

Source: Orange

6.3.6.1 International Carriers
The Market

The global international voice market was estimated at
450 billion minutes in 2012. Its growth is being driven by the
economic development of areas with high geographical density
(principally South-East Asia, China and India), developments in
mobile telephony (in particular in Africa), and the development
of VoIP.

On this market, the share of international traffic that is
channeled via a third-party operator, or wholesale traffic,
includes the wholesale of voice and data traffic as well as the
provision of transmission means. Wholesale traffic accounted
for around 60% of the total international voice market in 2012
and was estimated at 270 billion minutes (Source: Ovum 2011,
Telegeography 2011).

The Competitive Environment

Wholesale operators can be divided into three types—global
wholesalers, multinational retail operators and regional and
specialist players:

m global wholesalers have the critical size needed to obtain
preferential rates and pass them on to their customers. TATA
and BICS are the main global wholesalers;

multinational retail operators aim to optimize their end
customers’ traffic and generate revenues and earnings in
addition to those from their retail traffic. France Telecom-
Orange, Telefonica, Deutsche Telekom, Telia Sonera, and
Verizon figure among the main ones;

regional and specialist players that focus on a particular
geographic area or offer high-quality voice or data services
at highly competitive rates. These primarily include Interoute,
Primus, Citic, and Calltrade.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

The wholesale market's subscriber base comprises voice
market specialists (call-shop, prepaid cards), domestic retail
carriers (including MVNOs), and Internet Service Providers.
International carriers also sell wholesale traffic to each other.

Three main factors influence the market:

m access, capacity, and coverage: simplifying or even
outsourcing traffic handling allows for fewer routing changes,
a reduction in the number of suppliers, and a stabilization of
rates and service quality;

™ price: the carriers seek to optimize the traffic routing cost for a
standard quality service, which translates into frequent price
fluctuations;

m quality: superior quality leads to greater call frequency and
duration and customer loyalty and satisfaction.

The activity of the International Carriers entity

France Telecom-Orange’s International Carriers activity is based
on a major long-distance network infrastructure and offers a
broad range of solutions on the international market.

France Telecom-Orange’s presence in both the retail and
wholesale markets means it can develop wholesale solutions that
are particularly well adapted to the needs of the retail operators.
France Telecom-Orange has more than 1,000 customers, which
include fixed-line and mobile operators and Internet access and
content providers.

The Group is unique in that it is very involved in the design,
construction and operation of submarine cables. With its
ownership or co-ownership of several submarine cable
systems, the Group ranks among the world’s largest owners
of submarine lines. This has enabled it to satisfy the increase in
transatlantic traffic.
The Group’s wholesale activity counts:
m= aseamless global network;

m= a global network of dedicated IP routes with end users in
more than 220 countries, connections to more than 200
Internet service providers worldwide, and connectivity in
over 100 countries in a single IP network hop (Autonomous
System);

= 99.99% network availability, 24/7 centralized network

supervision.

The volume of voice traffic in the International Carriers business
grew 5.6% in 2012, and there was also a sustained increase in
data traffic.

Offers
Voice Services

France Telecom-Orange’s voice network has routes to over
890 operators, coverage in more than 950 destinations, and
24/7 technical support.

In 2012 the Group introduced the Hubbing Premium Full IP
service that offers telecom operators high added-value services
by leveraging VoIP technology. And thanks to its full IP routing
system, users can enjoy optimal communication quality.

Services to Mobile Operators
France Telecom-Orange helps over 170 mobile operators
worldwide meet the needs of their own customers.

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

International Carriers and!Shared Services

Internet and Transmission Services

France Telecom-Orange’s adjustable solutions meet the specific
needs of Internet service providers and content providers. The
offer includes a wide range of connection options in Europe, the
Americas and Asia based on a global network infrastructure.
The Group’s services were enhanced in 2012 with the activation
of the LION2 submarine cable (crossing the Indian Ocean) and
the ACE cable (see section 8.1.5 Transmission Networks for
more information).

Convergence Services

In May 2012 France Telecom-Orange introduced the Multiservice
IP eXchange service, which gives operators a la carte access to
voice and mobile data services over a single connection. It can
also improve service quality and network costs efficiency.

Anti-fraud Services

In April 2012 the Group introduced @First Anti Fraud Interconnec
Roaming and Security of Transactions, a comprehensive anti-
fraud system for protecting traffic, improving service quality, and
boosting interconnection revenues.

France Telecom Marine
France Telecom Marine is a major player for laying and
maintaining fiber optic submarine cables, using five cable-laying
vessels. It is thus able to supply all laying, landing end, and
maintenance services for cables.

France Telecom Marine ordered a new cable-laying vessel
from STX OSV in October 2012. The vessel is scheduled to go
into service in 2014 and will be used for laying and performing
maintenance work on submarine cables in the Atlantic and
northern European region.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

111
112

overview of the group’s business

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

International Carriers and!Shared Services

'7 OFFERS

Type

Name

Description

Voice

IDD (International Direct
Dial)

A call termination service in France for international fixed-line and mobile voice operators.
This involves a bilateral agreement between Orange and its international partners
concerning:

several interconnection supports: land, submarine, satellite, or IP;

a seamless network based on approved TDM and VoIP technologies;

an expertise derived from the management of direct interconnections;

a 24/7 customer support center, backed by centralized network monitoring;

this solution offers high capacity on the main routes with good efficiency ratios: ASR
(Answer Seizure Ratio) and NER (Network Efficiency Ratio).

Hubbing

A termination service for international voice traffic offering different service levels: Hubbing
Optimum, Hubbing Premium, Hubbing Premium Full IP, High-definition Voice.

France Telecom-Orange also offers value added solutions through the Hubbing solution
(Video-telephony, etc.).

Convergence

Multiservice IP eXchange

Faster, easier a /a carte access to voice and mobile data services through a single
connection point, allowing for lower network costs and higher revenues. These services
are provided through France Telecom-Orange’s dedicated IPX network using Multiprotocol
Label Switching (MPLS) technology.

Mobile

SS7

A signaling exchange service on the Signaling System 7 (SS7) network that allows mobile
operators to offer roaming services. This is a comprehensive signaling package combining
the SS7 standard (TDM or over-IP) with ITU/ANSI conversion services and value-added
options like Alliage-Short Code, SMS Control, Optimum Roaming, Anti-spoofing,

SS7 MoRe, and SMS Roaming Info.

38GRX

A service that allows for the exchange of roaming traffic data between mobile operators

directly connected to the Group’s IMN network or other GRX networks. This package offers
UMTS, HSPDA and GPRS roaming worldwide by providing IP connectivity between mobile
operators.

SMS Global eXchange

An SMS Hub service that allows mobile operators connected to the Hub or to other Hubs
(via peering agreements) to exchange SMS messages.

MMS Global eXchange

An MMS hub service that allows mobile operators to exchange MMS messages to nearly
300 destinations in a simple, flexible manner.

Roaming Global eXchange

A comprehensive one-stop-shop service with a single contract, invoice, and point

of contact for:

all functionalities needed to manage roaming relationships that are commercially open via
the Hub (signaling, clearing, billing, fraud protection, technical testing, roaming agreement
management, operations, and maintenance);
access to all technologies (2G, 3G, Camel, Data).
The Interworking SMS option allows operators connected to the hub to exchange SMS.

VPN BlackBerry

An IP connectivity service on the IMN network, allowing the transport of BlackBerry
domestic traffic from mobile operators’ networks to RIM platforms.

International Airtime Hub

Consists of two services:
Airtime Transfer, which allows users recharge the cell phone of a relative abroad;
Roaming Recharge, which allows users recharge their own cell phone while abroad.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

International Carriers and!Shared Services

Transmission City to City A point-to-point transmission service linking two international cities (PoP and/or customer
site) using different technologies (SDH, SONET, and WDM) with capacities ranging
from 2.5 to 10 Gbits.

LDE (Long Distance Giga- A variant of the City to City service that provides a point-to-point link between two eligible

Ethernet) European cities. Ethernet interfaces are used to limit costs and offer better bandwidth
granularity and flexibility.

OSS (One-Stop Shopping) Offers a simplified procedure that extends coverage beyond the intra-net network to
provide end-to-end services in any country. This package offers a single point of contact
for invoicing, order-taking, delivery and maintenance.

IPL+ A variant of the City to City service that provides transmission connectivity (including
submarine capacity) between an international city (PoP and/or customer site) and a
submarine cable head in a distant country. This service is available and billable as a half
or a full circuit.

Backhaul Provides landline termination of submarine capacity linking a cable head to an international
city (PoP and/or customer site).
Dedicated transit Offers dedicated transmission between two international access points. The circuit transits

across a country but does not end there, like the other transmission offers. This service
is available and billable as a half or a full circuit.

Housing A housing service for IP and transmission equipment in premises of the Group
or of a partner.

Satellite Offers teleport services at a ground station as well as transmission links via a space
segment between two ground stations.

Internet OTl Offers Internet connectivity with the option of an access link for transmission between
the customer’s equipment and the point of presence of France Telecom-Orange’s OT
service.

The package comprises two services:
OTI Pure Speed provides carriers, Internet service providers and content providers

with access to the Group’s IP backbone. This gives them global coverage, local services
and a quality guarantee;
OTI Content, an offer dedicated to content suppliers.

PARIX (PARis Internet A public Internet exchange infrastructure that lets IP carriers exchange traffic at several
eXchange) PoPs around Paris through a VLAN.

Fraud @First An offer combining several services:
(Anti Fraud Interconnect the protection of roaming interconnection traffic against bypass traffic and the ensuing lost
Roaming and Security revenues;
of Transactions) improved service quality;

secure transactions.

The Group’s wholesale offering can be found at www.orange.com/wholesalesolutions.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 113
overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

6

‘7 THE FRANCE TELECOM-ORANGE GROUP S MAIN SUBMARINE CABLES

International Carriers and!Shared Services

Seamless network Submarine cables

114

Number

of landing Number of Last
Cable name Start-end stations countries Kilometers Commissioned upgrade
TAT-14 United States - Denmark 7 6 15,464 July 2001 2012
SAT 3-WASC-SAFE Portugal - Malaysia 7 15 27,850 April 2002 2010
SEA-ME-WE 3 Germany - Japan 39 33 39,000 2000 2009
SEA-ME-WE 4 France — Singapore 7 14 19,000 December 2005 2012
Americas 2 Brazil - Porto Rico 9 9 8,330 July 2001 2010
ECFS Tortola - Trinidad & Tobago 3 13 1,625 July 1995 2011
LION Mauritius - Madagascar 3 3 1,060 November 2009
CBUS United States - United Kingdom 3 2 3,200 September 2009 2012
MEWE India - France 0) 8 12,018 December 2010
ACE France - South Africa 24 24 17,000 December 2012 *
UAE Kenya (TEAMS) United Arab Emirates - Kenya 2 2 5,053 October 2009
Atlantis 2 Portugal - Argentina 9 6 12,981 June 1999
EASSy South Africa - Sudan 8 8 10,600 July 2010 2012
LION 2 Reunion - Kenya 3 2 8,000 April 2012

The first segment covering 13 countries between France and Sao Tomé and Principe.

6.3.6.2 Shared Services

France Telecom-Orange has developed new growth activities
related to its core business line, such as content broadcasting,
audience and advertising, and healthcare activities.

Content rights

France Telecom-Orange offers free, paid, and bundled content
services such as paid program packages, Video On Demand,
Subscription Video on Demand, music, and games. These
aim to make the Group’s offers more attractive by providing
customers with interactive, delinearized content. Delinearized
content was viewed nearly 200 million times in 2012, including
160 million views of catch-up TV.

France Telecom-Orange mainly distributes content provided by
third parties (television, games, music) on fixed-line and mobile
networks both in France and abroad. It also has its own movie
channels (Orange Cinéma Séries) that it distributes in France
on its own network or, since 2012, via third-party distributers.

France Telecom-Orange is mainly focused on its role of
aggregating content to offer increasingly attractive services, in
line with its new strategy based on developing partnerships.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

The Group is developing new services for its customers with a
focus on multi-screen, interactivity and on-demand programs.
In 2012 the Group enhanced its mobile TV line-up with attractive
new tablet applications like Orange Cinéma Séries, Orange
TV, Read & Go, and Orange Ligue 1—an application that lets
French soccer fans watch all the country’s Premier League
championship games live (the Group’s French Premier League
multi-platform rights have been renewed for four seasons
starting with the 2012-2013 season).

This strategy is also deployed in other countries where the
Orange brand is present, such as Poland, Spain, the Uk,
Romania, Belgium, Slovakia, Mauritius, Senegal, and lvory
Coast. For music content, Orange draws on its partnership with
Deezer in France and England formed in 2010. The number
of subscribers in France grew sharply in 2012 and the Group
continued to roll out its Deezer Premium streaming service,
most notably in Poland, Romania, Mauritius, and Senegal.
n gaming, Orange’s strategy is based on multi-platform
distribution (PC, mobile, tablets, and TV) in partnership with
he leading video game publishers (EA, Ubisoft, Activision) and
relies on its network capacities to offer innovative and attractive
content services to its customers. In 2012 the Group introduced
a TV-screen cloud gaming service.

Viaccess Orca

The Viaccess Orca group, a France Telecom-Orange subsidiary,
is a market leader in terms of the user experience and of secure
access solutions to TV and video content for all types of
distribution networks (broadcast, IPTV, OTT) and to all types of
consumer devices. These solutions are aimed at paid content
service providers (like pay TV and VOD), and offer conditional
access and digital rights management (CAS & DRM), service
platforms, recommendation and_ introductory application
engines, and secure content access for multimedia devices
(decoders, PCs, smartphones, tablets, etc.).

Audience and Advertising

Through its various platforms, applications, and_ interfaces
across all connected devices, France Telecom-Orange offers a
unique, personalized multi-screen experience that continues to
attract customers and users in every country where it operates.
This customer experience is based on a coherent line-up o
Internet services using next-generation technology like the cloud
and Internet-TV convergence, all designed to meet customers’
needs in the digital age. The experience also spreads into
social networks with an increasingly large video componen
thanks in particular to the Group’s strategic partnership with
Dailymotion. France Telecom-Orange is therefore uniquely
positioned to support its partners in the digital and Interne
arenas through search engine optimization and digital audience
acquisition methods, mobile and web analysis systems, social
media usage, digital advertising, multi-screen websites and
ecosystems, video, and the digital customer experience.

Backed by high audience figures (an average of 162.7 million
unique visitors per month worldwide, including Wirtualna
Polska and Dailymotion) in the Internet, mobile, and tablet
markets—and thanks to its alliances with major web players like
Dailymotion and Deezer and its strong position as a telecom
operator giving it extensive customer knowledge and efficient
network management systems—Orange has become a
European player to be reckoned with on the media value chain.

Orange’s global advertising network reaches 800 million
unique visitors each month (Source: Comscore 2012). Orange
understands the needs of advertisers, agencies, and publishers,
and has experienced local sales and marketing staff with major
offices in France, Poland, the United Kingdom, Spain, and Latin
America.

Orange has adopted a twofold approach:

m direct monetization of the agencies and advertisers—
essentially within the web and mobile audiences (either via its
own audience or by monetizing the audience of the Orange
Advertising publishers);

overview of the group’s business
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

International Carriers and!Shared Services

a indirect monetization by marketing technology services and
solutions to players in the media where the digitalization
process is underway (like in television, outdoor, and cinema).

To help implement its expansion strategy in these markets, the
Group manages all the digital services of its partner Everything
Everywhere (EE) through its Orange Digital subsidiary in the UK.

Health

An aging population, an increase in the number of people losing
their independence and the number of patients suffering from
chronic illnesses, coupled with a decrease in the number of
doctors and medical desertification in rural areas make it all the
more necessary for health professionals to turn to information
and communication technologies. They help increase the
efficiency of health professionals, reduce costs, improve illness
management and strengthen the relationship between doctor
and patient. The digital services also provide secure data
access and transmission. France Telecom-Orange was the first
telecommunications operator in France to be approved as a
personal health data host.

Orange Healthcare, the Group’s Healthcare Division, draws on
its know-how to develop a variety of services such as:

m “connected hospital, flexible computing” services and
shared medical imagery systems that let hospitals, clinics,
and doctors’ offices share vital information. Thanks to these
services, healthcare establishments can better coordinate
their activities, collaborate more efficiently, and transfer data
seamlessly;

m= remote healthcare services designed to improve treatment
conditions beyond the traditional care circuit, for example at
home, and to allow patients to stay in contact with healthcare
professionals;

m services to facilitate prevention and daily well being, via
permanently accessible IT tools. These offers are the result of
the integration of services developed in partnership with major
healthcare industry companies, and rely on the expertise of
the Orange Labs. They are available in the main European
countries as well as Africa and the United States.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

115
116

overview of the group’s business
EXCEPTIONAL EVENTS

6

6.4 EXCEPTIONAL EVENTS

None.

6.5 | DEPENDENCY ON PATENTS

None.

6.6 REGULATIONS

The regulatory environment for the European countries in which
the France Telecom-Orange Group operates is variable, but
fulfills a harmonization requirement based on the obligation to
apply nationally the regulatory framework defined at European
level. This common regulatory framework is presented below
with a detailed description for each major country in which the
Group operates.

For information concerning risks linked to regulation, see
section 4.2 Legal Risks.

The European regulatory
framework

The common regulatory framework consists primarily of
regulations set forth at a European level. The current European
framework on electronic communications is divided in two
main parts: firstly, the economic regulation of the market, and
secondly consumer protection and universal service. It consists
of one “Framework” directive (2002/21/EC) and four specific
directives:

= authorizations (2002/20/EC);

lm access (2002/19/EC);

m Universal Service (2002/22/EC);

= privacy and electronic communications (2002/58/EC).

The scope of the economic regulation relates to relevant
markets defined in a European recommendation that is revised
periodically. The latest (recommendation 2007/879/EC_ of
December 19, 2007) comprises seven relevant markets ".

These markets, identified by the Commission, must be the
subject of a market analysis undertaken by the National
Regulatory Authorities (NRAs). Under the regulatory framework,
he National Regulatory Authorities may also regulate markets
which are not on the list of relevant markets provided by the
Commission, if and only if, specific national factors so justify and
provided the Commission does not object.

n 2012 the European Commission started working on revisions
0 this recommendation for approval in late 2013 at the earliest.

n 2009 the European Parliament and Council passed a reform
of the electronic communications regulatory framework for
he purpose of fostering competition and supporting the
rights of consumers, based on two directives: 2009/140/
EC and 2009/136/EC. This new telecoms package aims to
increase the independence of national regulators while ensuring
improved regulatory consistency. To that end, it established the
Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications
(BEREC) and provides for a functional separation as a possible,
extraordinary remedy if other remedies fail to ensure effective
competition and if serious competitive issues persist.

Moreover, these specific provisions are intended to maintai
and foster competition primarily in the following respects:

n

= improved information available to consumers;

m reducing the portability time for fixed and mobile numbers;

m objectives for promoting user access to. electronic
communications services, as well as arbitration authority
granted to national regulators to settle disputes between
operators and content providers regarding Internet
neutrality. In this area, however, the European Commission

(1) M1: access to the public telephone network at a fixed location for residential and non-residential customers.

M2: call origination on the public telephone network provided at fixed location.

M

ioe)

: call termination on individual public telephone networks provided at fixed location.

M4; wholesale (physical) network access (including shared or unbundled) provided at fixed location.

M
Me

a

: wholesale broadband access.

2

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

wholesale terminating segments of leased lines, irrespective of the technology used to supply leased or reserved capacity.
acknowledges that operators shall have the discretion to set
different quality levels service by service. Customers must
also be given personal data protection guarantees.

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

This reform has now been fully transposed into the national laws
of each EU Member State.

Key Events

January 2012 European Commission proposes reforms to data protection rules

May 2012 BEREC publishes findings on net neutrality

July 2012 European Commission issues the Roaming Ill regulation with new caps on roaming rates and a structural solution
meant to heighten competition in this market

July/October 2012 European Commission speaks out in favor of stabilizing copper rates between now and 2020 and introducing
more flexible regulations for fiber

December 2012 European Commission consults on draft recommendations for non-discrimination obligations and cost

accounting methods

European Parliament approves the Connecting Europe Facility to fund infrastructure projects in Europe between

2014 and 2020

Call Termination Rates

Recommendation of the European Commission concerning
fixed-line and mobile call termination rates (TRs) adopted
on May 7, 2009: The Recommendation proposes a significan
drop in the price of mobile TRs to reach a price level as o
2013 of around 1 euro cent/minute and the elimination o
asymmetries between operators. This Recommendation also
stipulates significant reductions for FTRs.

More precisely, the Commission recommends that nationa
regulators apply the following principles:

m= symmetry in each country between the various operators’
fixed call termination rates on the one hand and mobile call
termination rates on the other, with a four-year limit set on the
duration of a transitional asymmetry on call termination rates
from which a new entrant may benefit;

'7 CHANGE IN MOBILE CALL TERMINATIONS

= call termination rates geared towards the avoidable cost of
this service for an efficient operator (/.e. about 1 euro cent per
minute for MTRs and a lower rate for FTRs);

The impact of this Recommendation for the France
Telecom-Orange Group depends on the decisions taken by the
National Regulatory Authorities in each country.

Generally, the reduction in call termination rates has a negative
impact on wholesale revenues. However, a uniform reduction in
MTRs has a mainly neutral effect on wholesale profitability for
fixed and mobile operators.

On the retail market, the Commission’s approach is leading fixed
and mobile operators to modify their retail offers by developing
unlimited offers.

2011 2012 2013

Qi Q2 Q3 Q4 ai Q2 Q3 Q4 Qi Q2 Q3 Q4
Cent€/minutes 2011 2011 2011 2011 2012) «2012, 2012, 2012, 20138, 2013, 2013S 2013
Orange France 3,00 2,00 1,50 1,00 0,80
Orange UK / EE 5,55 3,74 2,57 1,88 0,86
Orange Spain 4,95 4,45 4,00 3,42 3,16 2,76 1,09
Orange Poland 4,09 3,70 3,70 2,98 2,01 1,05
Mobistar 4,17 2,62 1,08
Orange Romania 5,03 4,05 3,07
Orange Slovakia 5,79 5,61 3,18
Orange Moldova 4,33 3,68 3,20 2,78 2,38 1,98

Source: Cullen International - December 2012

exchange rates are the average exchange rates of the last closing month for the whole period

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

117
118

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

'7 CHANGE IN FIXED CALL TERMINATION RATES (IN EURO CENTS PER MINUTE)

0.7

0.6

0.5

0.4

0.3

0.2

0.1
0.08
0.0
SO SS ee WU SS TH Dh ee or
FILS LS SS LSS SS ES SSS SSS SLAMS SOO Qos err rrr
x S ; >
SF oF Fe HE WF oF SK ys “S WS wis =e LP KS Ke Sa FW et a
==——= France (FT) Germany (DT) —— Italy (TD ==—= ES (Telefonica) === UK (BT)

Method for benchmarking fixed call termination rates:
Average rate per minute (in euro cents):

= at local level, i.e. at the lowest interconnection point (the
equivalent of ICAA in France);

m= during “peak” minutes only (as off-peak periods are not
homogeneous from one operator to another).

Roaming

= The European Commission’s Roaming Ill regulation was
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on
June 13, 2012, and will be in effect until June 30, 2022. This
regulation:

‘7 ROAMING Il AND ROAMING III TARIFF CEILINGS

Tariff ceilings (euro cents excl. tax) “Roaming II” Regulation

= extends the sliding cap on roaming rates to the retail data
market; effective as of mid-2012;

m= gives MVNOs and resellers in the wholesale market (including
companies operating in the same country) regulated access
to European roaming services as of mid-201 2;

= Will introduce in mid-2014 two structural changes to
increase competition in the retail market by separating
domestic services and international roaming services;

= expands for customers using their cell phones outside
Europe pricing transparency requirements and bill shock
prevention measures for European operators.

A

Roaming III Regulation

Aug. 30, July 1, July 1, July 1, July 1, July 1, July1, July 1, July 1,
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2017 2022

Retail outgoing calls 46 43 39 35 29 24 19 not regulated

Voice Retail incoming calls 22 19 15 11 8 7 5 not regulated
Wholesale tariffs 28 26 22 18 14 10 5 not regulated

Retail outgoing SMS 1 1 im im 9 8 6 not regulated
SMS Retail incoming SMS 0) not regulated
Wholesale tariffs 4 4 4 4 3 2 not regulated

Data Retail not regulated 70 45 20 not regulated
Wholesale tariffs not regulated 100 80 50 25 15 5 not regulated

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
m On November 8, 2012, Telecommunications Ministers
from Southern African Development Community (SADC)
countries—which include countries where France Telecom-
Orange operates—approved a joint decision to regulate
roaming rates in their countries. This decision involves:

= introducing measures to make roaming rates and usage
more transparent (although the implementation schedule
has not been set);

= requiring operators to provide “Roam like a Local” services
by May 2014, whereby roaming calls within the SADC
region are charged at the same rate as local calls in the
country where the call is being made.

The Digital Strategy for Europe
(Digital Agenda)

With the publication of the Digital Agenda, the European
Commission gave the signal that it was changing policy direction,
focused heretofore on developing effective competition through
regulation of the sector, but now focused on promoting
industrial ambitions, through the involvement and participation
of all parties within the sector. These ambitions aim to establish
a digital economy to speed up the economic recovery and to
maintain social cohesion at European level.

This Digital Strategy for Europe proposes a broad-scale, five-
year action plan covering seven topics:

= create a single market;

mimprove the general conditions for the interoperability
between ICT connected products and services;

m strengthen Internet security and user confidence;

lm guarantee faster access to the Internet;

lm encourage investment in research and development;
m= encourage digital culture, skills and inclusion;

m use ICT to meet challenges such as climate change, the
increased cost of healthcare and the aging population.

The European Commission is drafting proposals on measures
to stabilize copper rates between now and 2020 and introduce
more flexible regulations for fiber. These proposals cover the
following three areas:

m tightening non-discrimination rules by requiring equivalence
of access (EOI) on new networks, service-level agreements
(SLAs) between operators and customers, publication of
performance indicators from operators and squeeze tests’
implementation;

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

= stabilizing copper rates (in real terms) around the current
average access rate in Europe (between eight euros and ten
euros);

m= giving operators greater flexibility in setting wholesale very
high capacity broadband rates, considering that regulators
may decide not to impose wholesale rates converging
towards operators’ costs if tougher non-discrimination rules
are in place and there is competition between different types
of networks (like copper, cable and mobile).

The impact assessment and draft proposals on non-
discrimination and accounting methods should be published in
mid-2013.

To help implement its Digital Agenda, the European Commission
planed to provide up to 9.2 billion euros of funding under
its Connecting Europe Facility between 2014 and 2020 to
expand broadband networks and set up pan-European digital
services like cross-border online administration and e-health
services. In February 2013 the European Council reduced the
amount of funding to 1 billion euros. The European Parliament,
Commission, and Council are in talks to determine the final
amount of funding and how the money will be allocated among
the different policy areas.

Orange’s ten commitments to the Digital
Agenda for Europe

Orange’s strategy is fully aligned with the Digital Agenda
objectives. In March 2012 the Group made the following
commitments before the European Union:

Enable fast communications

1. ultrafast mobile broadband: roll out 4G/LTE networks in all
Orange European Union markets by 2015;

2.NGA-Fibre: make fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) available to
15 million households and 80% of businesses by 2020 in
France; and participate in the roll-out of very-high speed
broadband in our European markets.

Offer enriched services

3. offer companies in the European Union secure access to
a high quality cloud computing service guaranteeing full
ownership and easy and secure data recovery (reversible)
from ecologically-designed data centers in Europe;

4. offer the Group’s European customers 3 million contactless
and secure mobile payment (NFC technology) terminals in
2012, and 10 million in 2013;

§.launch Rich Communication Suite (RCS) interpersonal
communications services in five European countries in 2013
and make 20 million RCS handsets available by 2015, thereby
promoting the development of pan-European seamless
services;

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

119
120

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

6

6. e-health: provide access to digital health software (medical
imaging, monitoring of chronic disease, prevention, secure
data management) for a third of hospitals in the European
Union and 20% of European citizens.

Be a responsible company

7. privacy: offer Orange customers the right to master, monitor
and manage the personal information that they provide on
Orange platforms for all Orange-managed services and equip
them with a personal data dashboard by 2015;

European benchmark data

8. roll out 3G mobile telephony in the Group’s Africa and Middle
East region countries by 2015 and ensure mobile coverage of
80% of the population;

9. gender equality: reflect the proportion of women employed in
the Group (35%) in the number of women on the Company's
management structures;

10. energy efficiency: decrease Orange’s CO, emissions by
20% by 2020 (compared to 2006 levels).

'7 FULL UNBUNDLING (RECURRENT MONTHLY RATE EXCLUDING CONNECTION FEES), IN EUROS

12.41

10.08

Trland Deutschland

December 2009 June 2010

January 2013 average
for western European countries = 9.52!

Proposition
9.18 8.80 9.28 10.15 8.99
| | ) | | |
Denmark Belgium France Italy Sweden UK Spain
™ December 2010 @ June 2011 ™ December 2011 @ June 2012 ® January 2013

Source: Cullen International January 2013 - The euro/local currency exchange rate used is the average rate during final month of the financial year

4G Frequency Band

The European Commission passed an implementing decision
on November 5, 2012 that requires Member States to open
frequencies around the 2 GHz band (1,920-1,980 MHz and
2,110-2,170 MHz) to allow for the introduction of 4G (LTE)
technology in this band.

Discussions are also underway to eventually create a second
digital dividend in the 700 MHz band for very high capacity mobile
broadband. In February 2012 the World Radiocommunication
Conference decided to allocate the 700 MHz band in ITU
Region 1 (Europe and Africa) to mobile broadband.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Protecting Personal Data

A general directive (1995/46/EC) encompasses the processing
of personal data in the European Union. It was followed by a
directive specific to the telecommunications sector (2002/58/
EC). On January 25, 2012 the European Commission unveiled a
major plan for updating the existing framework with a proposed
Regulation that would replace the 1995 directive and stand
alongside the sectoral directive.

The new rules proposed are meant to increase harmonization
among countries and reinforce legal safeguards. European
citizens will have to give their explicit consent to service providers
in all sectors before the latter can use their personal data.
Internet Neutrality Debate

On May 29, 2012, BEREC published the findings of its
investigation into net neutrality across Europe. The BEREC
report highlights the restrictive practices of several of the region’s
fixed-line and mobile operators. Following this report, the
European Commission sent out a questionnaire in July 2012 on
issues like traffic management, data protection, transparency,
switching operators, and business models. The results of the
questionnaire will be used to draft recommendations scheduled
0 be issued in April 2013.

Universal Service

n November 2011 the European Commission published a
statement presenting the key results of the third revision of the
scope of Universal Service. It concluded that there is no reason
‘o extend the obligations of Universal Service to mobile services
or broadband Internet connection. It is the opinion of the
Commission that it is necessary to devise additional guidelines
or how Universal Service is implemented, in particular as to
he latitude Member States have in defining functional Internet
access beyond low-speed connections.

n April 2012 BEREC issued its opinion on the third revision of
he scope of Universal Service. BEREC agreed that Universal
Service Obligations (USOs) could be extended to providers of
broadband Internet connections if at least 50% of the population
has broadband Internet access.

The European Commission is expected to issue draft proposals
for including broadband Internet connections in the scope of
Universal Service Obligations in Q1 2013.

France
French legal and regulatory framework

The electronic communications sector is primarily governed by
the French Postal and Electronic Communications Code (CPCE)
as well as Bylaws relating to e-commerce, the information
society, consumer protection and data protection. The
audiovisual communication services produced or distributed
by the France Telecom-Orange Group come under the specific
regulations governing this sector and are managed by the law
of September 30, 1986.

Regulatory Authorities

The Arcep (Autorité de Régulation des Communications
Electroniques et des Postes) is the body responsible for
regulating the electronic communications sector in France.

The French Competition Authority, established in January 2009
following the restructuring of the French Competition Council, is
an independent government authority responsible for ensuring
open market competition and compliance with government
economic policy. It has jurisdiction over all business segments,
including the electronic communications sector. This Authority
has its own investigations department and sanction powers for
anti-competitive practices.

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

The ANFr (Agence Nationale des Fréquences - French national
agency for frequencies) is responsible for planning, managing and
controlling the usage of radio frequencies and for coordinating
he establishment of certain radio transmission facilities. The
requency spectrum is the domain of 11 controlling authorities:
government ministries, the Arcep and the French Broadcasting
Authority (CSA). The Arcep and the CSA are in turn responsible
‘or allotting to users the frequencies they control.

The CSA is an independent government authority established
by the law of January 17, 1989 responsible for ensuring the
reedom of audiovisual communication in France, i.e., radio and
elevision, by any electronic communication process, under
he terms and conditions defined by the law of September 30,
1986.

Key Events
Consultations on Universal Service

in e-Communications

n May 2012 the French government held an initial public
consultation on the request for proposals (RFP) process to select
he operator(s) for the first component (telephony services)
of universal service. The information gathered was used to
establish the scope of two different types of services within
ixed-line telephony: “connections” and “telephone services”. It
was also used to draft a list of additional services (in addition
o the universal service) and outline the bidding procedure. The
French government launched another public consultation on
January 8, 2013 on two planned RFPs to select the operator(s)
or fixed-line telephony services under the universal service
starting in 2013.

PagesJaunes was designated as the operator to provide
a printed directory of subscribers (the second component
of universal service) through a government order dated
December 6, 2012.

France Telecom was designated, through a government order
dated November 18, 2009, as the operator to provide public
pay phone services under the universal service (as set forth in
Article L. 35-1, Paragraph 3, of the French Postal and Electronic
Communications Code) for a two-year period. Ahead of the
expiration of this order, the French Ministry of Industry, Energy,
and the Digital Economy launched two public consultations (on
April 18, 2011 and August 5, 2011) to obtain operators’ opinions
ona FFP to select the operator(s) for public pay phone services
under the universal service. France Telecom replied to both these
consultations. Following a three-stage selection process (bid
screening, operator selection, and Ministerial discussions and
appointment), France Telecom was designated as the operator
to provide public pay phone services under the universal service
through a government order dated February 14, 2012.

Transposition of the new EU regulatory framework

for electronic communications known as the “telecoms
package”

The French government transposed the “Telecoms Package”
into French law through an ordinance dated August 24, 2011
and into French regulations through a decree dated March 12,
2012.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

121
122

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

6

Fifth Amended Finance Law 2012 and Initial Finance
Law 2013

The main tax-related elements of France’s Fifth Amended
Finance Law 2012 and Initial Finance Law 2013 are as follows:

m= areform of corporate income tax deductions and calculations:

= the 10% share of the gain on the sale of equity interests that
is included in a company’s taxable income should now be
calculated using the gross capital gain of the year instead of
he net capital gain,

=the percent of net financial expenses that a company can
claim as a tax deduction has been set at 85% for 2013 and
75% for 2014,

athe maximum amount of tax loss carryforwards that a
company can claim for a given year is 1 million euros plus
50% of the reported profit for the year,

= the cumulative amount of the estimated income tax due for
a given year that a company must have paid by the end of
he fifth tax payment for that year has been increased from
90% to 95%;

m the new Tax Credit for Jobs and Competitiveness (CICE),
equal to 4% of a company’s payroll expense for salaries less
than 2.5 times the French minimum wage in 2013 (the credit
will increase to 6% in 2014);

a the incorporation of the inflation rate from the Initial Finance
Law into the calculation of France’s flat tax for energy,
telecommunications, and railway companies (IFER).

Infrastructure and networks
Fiber installations in new buildings starting April!1, 2012

A new implementing decree for the Anti-Digital Divide law of
December 17, 2009 was adopted on December 14, 2011

Regulation of mobile telephony

Frequency spectrum management

amending article R. 111-14 of the Construction and Dwellings
Code, which deals with optical fiber in new buildings. The
decree provides that in high-density areas and under conditions
defined by a ministerial order, the number of fiber cables per
dwelling shall be as many as four. Moreover, the decree is
broadened to include all buildings for which a building permit is
requested from April 1, 2012 onward.

New regulation for a census of underground, aerial and
underwater networks.

Following its Grenelle 2 environmental summit, the French
government passed a new regulation effective July 1, 2012 for
infrastructure deemed key to the country’s economy, including
electronic communication infrastructure. This regulation aims
to prevent damage to pipelines and underground networks
during digging work. Project owners and builders must now
apply for building permits (at no extra cost) at a new office
opened on April 1, 2012. Companies doing underground work
must also include geo-coded maps in their permit applications.
The new office is being financed by user fees instituted by
article L. 554-5 of the French Environmental Code and French
decree 2012-970 dated August 20, 2012 on construction work
near transportation and utility networks. The fee schedule was
set in a government order dated September 3, 2012; the fee for
2012 was around 30 euro cents (excl. tax) per kilometer. The fee
is calculated using annually-adjusted variables.

Private copying fees

The French government published new private copying fees in
the country’s Official Journal on December 26, 2012, ahead of
the expiration of the previous fee schedule. These fees were set
on December 14, 2012 by Decision 15 of the French Private
Copying Fee Commission. They went into effect on January 1,
2013.Private copying fees are themselves being appealed
before the Competition Authority.

Allocation of 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 2.1 MHz, and 2.6 GHz frequencies for high capacity mobile broadband

The following table summarizes the principal frequency allocations made in the bands used for mobile services:
800 MHz = authorizations were given to Bouygues Telecom, Orange France, and SFR in January 2012 for 10 MHz each
in the 790-862 MHz band (digital dividend).
= Free Mobile obtained roaming access rights on the SFR network.
900 MHz = 2G and 8G operators were authorized to refarm the 900 MHz band for 3G in February 2008.
m= 2x° MHz were sold back to Free Mobile by Orange France and SFR on January 1, 2013 for high-density areas,
and by Bouygues Telecom in July 2011 for the remaining parts of the country.
2.1 GHz = Free Mobile was awarded the fourth 3G license, with a 2.1 GHz channel, in January 2010.
= SFR and Orange France were each awarded two other channels in May 2010.
2.6 GHz = authorizations were given to Orange France and Free Mobile in October 2011 for 20 MHz each, and to Bouygues
Telecom and SFR for 15 MHz each.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM
3G coverage commitments

On February 12, 2010 the three mobile carriers— Bouygues
Telecom, Orange France and SFR—signed an agreement to
share 3G network infrastructures, anticipating coverage by the

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

6

end of 2013 of approximately 2,500 sites in the country’s least
populated areas. Added to this agreement was an agreement
signed on July 23, 2010 with Free Mobile outlining how that
operator would fit into the plan in the future.

3G Coverage Obligations and Actual Coverage of the Three Operators

France Orange

SFR Bouygues Telecom Free Mobile

91% at end-2010
98% at end-2011

3G coverage obligation (% of population)

88% at end-2010, 75% at end-2010 90% at end-2017
98% at end-2011

99.3% at end-2013

3G coverage of the population in July 2012 98.5% 98.6% 94.8% 37.3%
3G coverage of the surface area in July 2012 87.3% 86.4% 71.8% 13.0%
Source: Arcep
Very High Capacity Mobile Broadband (4G) Coverage Obligations for the Three Operators
a National and Departmental 4G Coverage Obligations
Operators may use the 2.6 GHz, 800 MHz, or any other band they have been allocated to meet these obligations.
mu 4G Coverage Obligations for Priority Regions (accounting for 18% of the population and 63% of the land)

Oct. 2015 Oct. 2019 Oct. 2023 Oct. 2024 Oct. 2027
Share of population covered 25% 60% 75% 98% 99,6%
Coverage for départements - - 90% 95 %(**)

Obligations with:

Bouygues, Orange, SFR
(800 MHz licenses)

Bouygues, Free, Orange, SFR
(2,6 GHz licenses)

Jan. 2017 Jan. 2022

Share of population covered in priority area

40% 90%

Obligations with:

Bouygues, Orange, SFR
(800 MHz licenses)

Operators may use only the 800 MHz band to meet these obligations.

4G Rollout and 1 800 MHz Refarming

On March 12, 2013, the Arcep published guidelines for the
introduction of technological neutrality in the 1 800 MHz band.
The targeted plan for the refarming of the 1 800 MHz band
meets the need for equality between operators in light of the
lifting of the restriction on GSM technology as of May 25, 2016;
the plan allocates 20 MHz duplex to each of the incumbent
operators and 15 MHz duplex to Free Mobile, throughout
metropolitan France. This rebalancing therefore results in the
restitution of spectrum by the three incumbent operators and
an allocation to the latest entrant.

Bouygues Telecom requested the use of the 1 800 MHz band in
LTE in advance, i.e. before May 25, 2016. On March 14, 2018,
Arcep authorized Bouygues Telecom to refarm the 1 800 MHz
band for other technologies besides GSM, as of October 1,
2013, subject to the restitution of some of its spectrum.
The royalties attached to the right to use this spectrum with
no restriction to a particular technology will be established
by decree. Orange regrets this decision, which comes a few
months after Arcep awarded, by public tender, 4G spectrum to
the three other operators, for a total amount close to 3.6 billion
euros, including 1.19 billion paid by Orange (see section 9.1.1.4
Significant events).

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM 123
124

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

6

Regulation of mobile call terminations by Arcep

Market analysis 1% Market analysis 2"4 cycle

Market analysis 3° cycle

cycle

Price Price cap 2
cap 1 (decision Dec 2008)“ (Decisions March 2011 and July 2012)
July 11

MTR euro cents/ Jan08- JulyO9- July10-  Jant1- -Dec Jan12- July12%- Jan13- = July 13-
min 2005 2006 2007 JuneO9 June10 Dec2010 June 14 11. June 12 Dec12  June13 Dec 13
Orange France 12.50 9.50 7.50 6.50 4.50 3.00 3.00 2.00 1.50 1.00 0.80 0.80
SFR 12.50 9.50 7.50 6.50 4.50 3.00 3.00 2.00 1.50 1.00 0.80 0.80
Bouygues Télécom 14.79 11.24 9.24 8.50 6.00 3.40 3.40 2.00 1.50 1.00 0.80 0.80
Free Mobile,
full MVNOs ® - - - - - - - - 2.40 1.69 1.19 0.80
Asymmetry 18% 18% 23% 31% 33% 13% 13% 0% 0% 60% 38% 0%

(1) For Bouygues Télécom, decision 2010-0211 of February 18, 2010 fixing the rate for H2 2010 at 3.40 euro cents.
(2) For Free Mobile and the full MVNOs Lycamobile and Oméa Telecom, decision of July 27, 2012 with effect as of August 1, 2012 - maximum price for H1 2012.

(8) Excluding BNP.

Mobile termination rate

In May 2011, the Arcep adopted a pricing framework for mobile
voice call termination services in continental France by Orange
France, SFR and Bouygues Telecom for the period July 1, 2011
to December 31, 2013. In this regard, the Arcep set symmetric
mobile termination rates for the three operators as of July 1, 2011.
On the other hand, in its draft ruling issued on December 13,
2011, the Authority proposes to introduce asymmetric Mobile
Call Termination Rates for Free Mobile, Lycamobile and Oméa
Télécom, so as to offset the temporary extra costs arising
from their status as new entrants. On March 13, 2012, Arcep
notified its draft decision on the regulation of the mobile
voice call terminations of Free Mobile, and Lycamobile and
Oméa Télécom to the European Commission and European
regulators. The Authority deemed it appropriate to apply the
following rate framework: a maximum of 2.4 euro cents per
minute until June 30, 2012; an initial reduction to 1.6 euro
cents per minute for a six-month period starting July 1, 2012;

followed by a second reduction to 1.1 euro cents per minute
for a six-month period starting January 1, 2013, and a third
reduction to 0.80 euro cent per minute for a six-month period,
reaching symmetry with other operators.

Even if the impact on wholesale revenues is negative, a uniform
drop in MTRs is largely neutral on the wholesale business
profitability of an operator such as the Orange group which has
both fixed-line and mobile operations. The asymmetries granted
to the new entrants have been incorporated into the Group’s
forecasts.

SMS termination rate

On July 22, 2010, the Arcep took a decision based on the
review of the wholesale market for SMS terminations on
mobile networks in France. It sets the maximum rates for SMS
terminations invoiced between mobile operators that will reach
one euro cent per SMS as of July 2012.

Euro cents/SMS 2009 February 2010 October 2010 July 2011 July 2012
Orange France 3.00 2.00 2.00 1.50 1.00
SFR 3.00 2.00 2.00 1.50 1.00
Bouygues 3.50 2.17 217 1.50 1.00

The SMS termination rates billed to Free Mobile, Lycamobile,
and Oméa Télécom are set forth in commercial agreements.

Although the Arcep issued in late October 2012 a model for
SMS termination rates for a new mobile operator entering the
market, it does not perform market analyses, but takes position
on the level of asymmetry it deems reasonable, which was
0.2 euro cents per SMS in 2012 and no asymmetry in 2013.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

Regulation of fixed telephony
and broadband Internet

Since July 2008, excluding retail offerings for fixed telephony
under Universal Service, all of France Telecom-Orange’s
regulatory obligations concerning fixed telephony retail (access
and communication) on the consumer and business markets
have been lifted. There is no ex ante regulation over France
Telecom-Orange retail broadband offers in the residential and
business markets. Accordingly, the regulation of fixed-line
services in France involves retail offers falling within the scope
of the universal service and wholesale offers so as to ensure
effective competition in the retail markets (call origination, call
termination, wholesale line rental, unbundling, bitstream).

Universal Service
See the Key Events section above.

Internet Neutrality
In 2012 the Arcep began work on three of the ten net neutrality
proposals it issued in September 2010 (Proposals 5, 7, and 8):

m= For Proposal 5, “Increased transparency with respect to
end users”, the Arcep formed a multilateral working group
in early 2012 to establish ISPs’ transparency obligations.
The working group is led jointly by the Arcep, the French
Ministry of Economy and Finance (competition and anti-fraud
divisions), and the French Ministry for Industrial Renewal.
Other members include fixed-line and mobile ISPs, ISP trade
associations, and consumer watchdog organizations. Texts
defining new obligations should be passed in 2013;

or Proposal 7, “Monitoring the quality of the Internet access
ervice”, the Arcep took significant measures in 2012 to set
p a system to monitor fixed-line Internet access service
uality. It held technical committee meetings throughout the
ear to establish a common set of standards applicable to
| ISPs. In 2013 this work will be used to issue requirements

a nm

<Ocf

©

Caps in euro cents per minute

France Telecom-Orange FTR

overview of the group’s business
REGULATIONS

for all fixed-line ISPs to periodically publish service quality

indicators. The first requirements should go into effect before
end-2013;
m For Proposal 8, “Monitoring the data interconnection

market”, the Arcep issued a decision on March 29, 2012
(Decision 12-0366) to set up a half-yearly data collection
system for the technical conditions and rates for data
interconnection and routing. The system monitors data
exchange between operators and with the providers of online
public communication services.

Regulation of — xed-line services

wholesale!offers

Cut in fixed-line termination rates (FTRs)

In July 2011 the Arcep published its latest analysis of the fixed-
line telephone markets (third round analysis) for the period
2011-2014, according to which France Telecom-Orange
will have to apply call termination rates that reflect the long-
term incremental costs of a generic efficient operator of a
new generation network (NGN). As part of this new analysis,
the asymmetry of Call Termination Rates enjoyed by France
Telecom-Orange’s competitors has been eliminated.

Alternative operators’ FTR Asymmetry level

Year 2007 0.5486
Q1 - Q2 - Q3 2008 0.4935
change (10.0)%
Oct. 1, 2008 0.45
change (8.8)%
Oct. 1, 2009 0.425
change (5.6)%
Oct. 1, 2010 0.4
change (5.9)%
Oct. 1, 2011 0.3
change (25)%
July 1, 2012 0.15
change (50)%
Jan. 1, 2013 0.08
change (46.6)%

Rate changes for wholesale offerings subject to cost
orientation (unbundling, analog and digital wholesale
line rental, and call origination)

In 2013, France Telecom-Orange published new rates that
include higher rates for unbundling and wholesale line rental,
and lower rates for bitstream access. It should be noted that
France Telecom-Orange is still ranked below the European
average for wholesale rates related to fixed-line service offers.

1.088 98%
1.088
0.0% 120%
0.9
(17.3)% 100%
0.7
(22.2)% 65%
0.5
(28.6)% 25%
0.3
(40)% 0%
0.15
(50)% 0%
0.08
(46.6)% 0%

France Telecom-Orange’s obligations regarding cost
accounting and accounting separation in the fixed-line
business

The Arcep’s decision No. 06-1007 of December 7, 2006
sets forth France Telecom-Orange’s obligations as to cost
accounting and accounting separation in the wholesale
and retail businesses. When the retail activities use network
resources that correspond to wholesale services subject to
a separate accounting obligation, these resources are valued
in the separate accounts at wholesale rates and not at cost.
These obligations were first implemented in 2007 in respect of
FY2006. The fiscal year was deemed compliant by the Arcep
and has been extended to every year since.

2012 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / FRANCE TELECOM

6

125
