

--- Page 1 ---

Group Management Report

Major sites by division

Site

Operations

Merck Serono

Darmstadt, Germany

Merck Serono headquarters, Marketing & Distribution,
Production, Research & Development hub

Coursier sur Vevey, Switzerland

Production, Distribution

Mollet del Valles, Spain

Marketing & Distribution, Production, Research & Development

Semoy, France

Production, Distribution

Bari, Italy

Production, Research & Development

Rio de Janeiro, Brazil

Marketing & Distribution, Production, Research & Development

Rockland, USA
Mexico City, Mexico
Beijing, China
Billerica, USA
Tokyo, Japan

Research & Development, Distribution
Production, Distribution

Research & Development hub
Research & Development hub

Research & Development hub

Consumer Health

Darmstadt, Germany
Spittal, Austria

Consumer Health headquarters,
Production, Marketing & Distribution

Marketing & Distribution, Production

Dijon, France

Marketing & Distribution

Hull, UK

Marketing & Distribution, Production

Jakarta, Indonesia

Marketing & Distribution, Production,
Research & Development

Performance Materials

Darmstadt, Germany

Performance Materials headquarters,
Production, Marketing & Distribution, Research €& Development

Gernsheim, Germany

Production, Distribution

Atsugi, Japan

Production, Marketing & Distribution, Research €& Development

Shanghai, China

Production, Marketing & Distribution, Research €& Development

Poseung, South Korea

Production, Marketing & Distribution, Research €& Development

Taoyuan, Taiwan

Production, Marketing & Distribution, Research & Development

Merck Millipore

Billerica, USA

Merck Millipore headquarters, Marketing & Distribution

Bedford, USA

Production, Marketing & Distribution, Research & Development

Jaffrey, USA

Production, Distribution

Darmstadt, Germany

Production, Marketing & Distribution, Research & Development

Molsheim, France

Production, Marketing & Distribution, Research & Development

Beijing, China

Production, Distribution

Bangalore, India

Production, Marketing & Distribution


--- Page 2 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Merck Serono has
a strong focus on
biopharmaceuticals

Fundamental Information about the Group
The Merck Group and its divisions

The Merck Group, which is headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany, is a global corporate group. With a history
dating back nearly 350 years, it is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. Merck holds the
global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are Canada and the United States, where
Merck operates as EMD. Merck's product portfolio ranges from innovative pharmaceuticals and biopharma-
ceutical products, to specialty chemicals, high-tech materials and life science tools. Merck markets its wide
range of products within its four divisions: Merck Serono, Consumer Health, Performance Materials and
Merck Millipore.

Merck Serono

Merck Serono discovers, develops, manufactures and markets innovative prescription drugs to treat cancer,
multiple sclerosis (MS), infertility, and growth disorders, as well as certain cardiovascular and metabolic dis-
eases and allergies. As the company's largest division, Merck Serono generates 56% of Group sales and 57%
of EBITDA pre one-time items (excluding Corporate and Other). The Merck Serono division was formed in 2007
with the acquisition of the Swiss biopharmaceutical company Serono SA, which was integrated stepwise into
Merck's traditional business with prescription drugs. The integration process progressed steadily in recent
years and was completed after divesting the former Serono headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland in 2013 and
fully transferring divisional headquarters to Darmstadt.

Merck Serono commercialize its products worldwide and has a strong presence in established markets.
The regions of Europe and North America contributed 63% of divisional sales in 2013. However, Merck Serono
has also been operating in emerging markets for over three decades. This presence was continuously further
expanded in recent years. In 2013, the division generated 30% of sales in that region, which is higher than the
share of sales in emerging markets at many other pharmaceutical companies in Europe or the United States.

Merck Serono sells mainly biotechnologically produced drugs. Rebif® is the top-selling product. It is used
to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), which is one of the most common neurological diseases
among young adults.

In Oncology, Merck offers Erbitux® for the targeted treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. Erbitux®
is the second best-selling drug in Merck Serono's product portfolio. This monoclonal antibody is also a
standard in the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.

Merck Serono also offers products that help couples to conceive a child. The division has a complete
portfolio of recombinant gonadotropins, including Gonal-f®, the most frequently prescribed gonadotropin
worldwide. The products in the Fertility franchise are an important growth driver for Merck Serono. This is
primarily due to couples postponing childbearing until later in life when natural fertility declines.

The General Medicine franchise comprises brand-name products to treat cardiometabolic diseases.
Although no longer patent-protected, these are still the therapies of choice for numerous diseases. This
applies, for example, to Glucophage® containing the active ingredient metformin, the drug of choice for
first-line treatment of type 2 diabetes, or Concor®, a drug for chronic cardiovascular disease. Particularly in
emerging markets, there is a continuous rise in demand for cardiometabolic therapies. This is due to both
increasing life expectancy and in part also to growing prosperity in this region, along with the resulting
changes in lifestyle and eating habits.

33


--- Page 3 ---

34

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» The Merck Group
and its divisions

Merck Serono also
develops advanced
injection devices

Merck Serono is continuously working to improve ways to administer medicines and active ingredients. For
several years, therefore, Merck Serono has been developing novel, more user-friendly injection devices, which
make injections less painful and at the same time more reliable for patients than conventional, pre-filled
syringes. In addition, these products make it easier for medical staff to check whether patients adhere to their
therapeutic regimen. Examples are the Gonal-f® RFF Redi-ject™ injection device and the electronic auto-
injection device Rebif® Rebidose. These disposable injection devices were approved by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration in 2013 after already having been successfully used in many countries. An optimized and
expanded version of the new easypod® system was introduced in Europe in 2013. This is an innovative
delivery device for the treatment of growth hormone deficiency.

Merck is also active in the field of allergology. Subsequent to the acquisition of the remaining shares in
Allergopharma in December 2012, Merck intends to further expand its product range for the global allergy
market. The Allergopharma unit is specialized in developing high-dose hypoallergenic products for specific
immunotherapy and diagnosis of type 1 allergies (such as hay fever or allergic asthma). In 2013 Merck broke
ground on a new production facility for this unit in Hamburg, Germany in order to serve new markets, such
as China, with these products.

Consumer Health

The Consumer Health division manufactures and markets over-the-counter pharmaceuticals. The division
focuses on a number of well-known strategic brands, e.g. Bion®3, Nasivin®, Femibion®, Seven Seas®,
Sangobion®, Cebion®, Sedalmerck® and Kytta® and contributed 4% to Group sales and 2% to EBITDA pre
one-time items (excluding Corporate and Other) in 2013. Consumer Health has high market penetration in
Europe, Latin America as well as Southeast Asia. The division is also generating very strong growth in Russia
and Emerging Markets, particularly in India, Indonesia and Brazil, which have firmly established themselves
among the division's top-ten markets in terms of sales.

Global megatrends favor future growth of Consumer Health. People are becoming more health-conscious
and concerned with their own physical well-being. Preventive health care and as little invasive therapy as
possible are becoming increasingly important - in both established and emerging markets, characterized by
a growing middle class with specific needs.

Performance Materials

The Performance Materials division comprises Merck's entire specialty chemicals business. It offers high-tech
performance chemicals for applications in fields such as consumer electronics, lighting, coatings, printing
technology, plastics applications, and cosmetics. In 2013, Performance Materials contributed 15% to Group
sales and 23% to EBITDA pre (excluding Corporate and Other). The EBITDA pre margin was 47.5% of sales. This
reflects the far above-average profitability of the business.

Performance Materials comprises three business units: Liquid Crystals, Pigments & Cosmetics, and
Advanced Technologies.


--- Page 4 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» The Merck Group
and its divisions

Performance Materials
is also very active in the
OLED sector

Merck Millipore is a
leading supplier of life
science tools

Liquid Crystals generates more than 70% of divisional sales. With a market share of over 60%, Merck has
established itself as the global market and technology leader in liquid crystal mixtures. The market is highly
consolidated. In addition, there are high barriers to market entry due to the technological complexity of liquid
crystals and the high quality requirements of customers and consumers. The seven largest LC display manu-
facturers are among the customers of the liquid crystals business. Performance Materials has the broadest
product offering in the industry and also offers liquid crystals based on PS-VA and IPS technologies. This
enables the division to meet individual customer needs and offers solutions for all display sizes, from smart-
phones and tablet computers to large-area television screens. The division also manufactures and markets
materials for organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), which are used in innovative lighting applications and
display technologies.

Pigments & Cosmetics develops and markets a comprehensive product portfolio of effect and functional
pigments, spanning a variety of colors and shimmer effects. The pigments are primarily processed into
automotive and industrial coatings, plastics, printing, materials used in installations for renewable energy
production, cosmetics, and counterfeit prevention applications. The product portfolio also includes high-
quality cosmetic products for use in skin, hair and oral care, including UV filters.

By providing innovative research and development, the Advanced Technologies business unit bolsters the
growth of the Liquid Crystals and the Pigments & Cosmetics business units.

Merck Millipore

The Merck Millipore division has a broad product and technology portfolio and offers innovative solutions
for the life science industry. Life science comprises the research branches of natural and engineering sciences
concerned with the structure and behavior of living organisms. The division's products and services are used
in the research, development and manufacture of biotechnological and pharmaceutical drug therapies, and
for general laboratory applications. The division was established in 2010 following the acquisition of the
Millipore Corporation. It is a leading supplier of life science tools.

In 2013, Merck Millipore contributed 25% to Group sales and 18% to EBITDA pre (excluding Corporate
and Other). The majority of sales are generated by consumables. This enables the division to achieve recurring
sales and stable, attractive cash flows. A highly diversified and loyal customer base additionally ensures a low
risk profile. At the same time, Merck Millipore benefits from its broad portfolio and its global reach.

Merck Millipore comprises three business units: Bioscience, Lab Solutions and Process Solutions. The main
product groups of the Bioscience business unit include tools and consumables for filtration and sample
preparation, reagents and kits for cell biology experiments, as well as small tools and consumables for cell
analysis. With these products, Merck Millipore supports its customers in understanding complex biological
systems and identifying new target molecules. The Bioscience business unit contributed 16% to divisional
sales in 2013. Merck Millipore offers complete and validated applications to make research processes faster
and more efficient. The Bioscience business unit is highly innovative. A solid proportion of annual sales are
achieved with new products. Examples include the Muse™ cell analysis system and the Direct Detect™ bio-
molecular quantification system. In 2013, these products were recognized with numerous innovation awards
(for example, the R&D Magazine 100 Award).

35


--- Page 5 ---

36

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» The Merck Group
and its divisions

The products offered by
Process Solutions help
drug manufacturers to
conduct research more
efficiently

The Lab Solutions business unit manufactures products for research as well as analytical and clinical labora-
tories in a wide variety of industries. The business unit accounts for 42% of divisional sales. It is one of the
leading suppliers of laboratory water equipment, laboratory chemicals and consumables. In addition,
Lab Solutions develops and markets test solutions to identify microbial contamination, for example in
pharmaceutical products, food or drinking water. For inorganic chemistry, Lab Solutions supplies ultrapure
reagents, including salts, acids, caustic alkalis, and buffering agents. It also manufactures reference materials
for instrumental analysis and products for inorganic trace analysis.

The Process Solutions business unit offers a diversity of products to pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies that enable customers to develop large- and small-molecule drugs safely, effectively and cost-
efficiently. Accounting for 42% of Merck Millipore sales, Process Solutions offers its customers continuous
innovations, highest quality standards as well as high reliability of supply, and is growing faster than the
competition.

In addition, the business unit's portfolio comprises more than 400 chemicals for the synthesis of active
pharmaceutical ingredients as well as drug delivery compounds. The offering in biotech production comprises
products supporting cell growth and gene expression, a wide range of filtration systems, as well as salts and
sugars. The single-use solutions offered by the Process Solutions business unit provide increased operational
flexibility to biopharmaceutical customers since they eliminate time- and cost-intensive cleaning procedures.
Moreover, these single-use solutions are compatible with various products, reducing investment costs for the
customer.


--- Page 6 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Second phase of the
“Fit for 2018" trans-
formation and growth
program initiated

The long-term
development of value
and sustainability

play a key role at Merck

Objectives and strategies of the Merck Group

In 2007, Merck launched a transformation process aimed at securing its business viability through profitable
growth in highly specialized niche markets within the pharmaceutical and chemical sectors.

This process started with the large-scale acquisitions of Serono SA in 2007 and the Millipore Corporation in
2010. Afterwards, we embarked on the “Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program with a new execu-
tive management team. In the first phase, we created the foundation for profitable growth by introducing a
new leadership organization and a comprehensive efficiency program that covers all businesses, functions
and regions. The second phase is aimed at successively implementing the growth options identified. Merck
will continue to develop its portfolio further by building on existing core competencies. The objectives here
are:

—» Closeness to existing businesses

—» Innovative strength

—+ Customer proximity (to offer tailored solutions)
» Focus on specialty businesses

Moreover, Merck is aiming to expand its business model systematically and continuously to include new
technologies. This also includes the planned acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials, which is aimed at broaden-
ing the product base and new technology offerings for customers, through which Merck can win new cus-
tomers for existing business. This transformation into a specialist for innovative high-tech products operating
in pharmaceuticals and chemicals is already reflected in our financials.

In Pharmaceuticals, the Merck Serono division already generates more than 60% of its sales with medi-
cines of biotechnological origin. In 2006, we only had one such product: Erbitux®, which accounted for less
than 10% of sales. The Chemicals business has increasingly become a high-tech materials business that offers
a wide range of value-adding products. Today, high-tech materials and life science tools make up around 80%
of sales in this sector. In 2006, the share was around 30%.

General principles and Group strategy

The year 2018 will mark the 350th anniversary of Merck. The general principles of the transformation and
growth program "Fit for 2018" and the Group strategy are to serve as a compass beyond 2018 as well.

General principles
In all its business endeavors, Merck orients toward general principles. They help those responsible within
the company to shape strategic plans and to make decisions.

The structure of Merck KGaA with members of the Merck family as personally liable partners requires
the Executive Board to pay special attention to the long-term development of value. Therefore, sustainability
plays a special role at Merck. The objective is to align the long-term development of the company with the
legitimate interests of shareholders, whose engagement in Merck is often of a shorter duration. That is why
Merck's business portfolio must always be balanced so that it reflects an optimum mix of entrepreneurial
opportunities and risks. Merck achieves this through sustained diversification in pharmaceuticals, chemicals
and life science tools, as well as through its geographic breadth with respect to growth sources.

37


--- Page 7 ---

38

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Objectives and strategies
of the Merck Group

Merck is aiming
for sustainable and
profitable growth

For Merck, the principle of sustainability applies not only to economic aspects. Instead, it also encompasses
responsibility for society and environmental preservation. With its current and future product portfolio,
Merck wants to help solve global challenges and shape a sustainable future. That is also why innovation is
the basis of the company's business activities; it is the prerequisite for future growth. The Merck Group is
continually working on new products and service innovations for patients and customers and relies on a
continual process of internal innovation throughout all areas of the company.

Group strategy

Merck focuses on innovative and top-quality high-tech products in the pharmaceutical and chemical sectors.
The company's goal is sustainable and profitable growth. Merck intends to achieve this by growing primarily
organically and by further developing its competencies, but also by making targeted acquisitions that comple-
ment and expand existing strengths in meaningful ways. Building on leading branded products in all four
divisions, Merck aims to generate income that is largely independent of the prevailing economic cycles.
Moreover, the aim is to further expand the strong market position in emerging markets in the medium to long
term. In 2013, the Emerging Markets region contributed 36% to Group sales.

Strategic initiatives

Capability initiatives
As Merck continues to grow in size and the business becomes increasingly global, we want Merck to be seen
as ONE company. ONE Merck stands not only for a strong brand, but also for a performance-oriented global
company with a strong sense of "we". Merck is more than the sum of its parts. For this purpose, we have
launched four capability initiatives.

The capability initiative ONE Merck brand aims to strengthen the value of the Merck brand, to increase
the company's global visibility and reputation, to become more attractive to customers, partners and talent

globally.

The framework for talent development, compensation and performance management is to be harmonized
globally as ONE Talent Development, Rewards and Performance Management.

As part of this initiative, Merck will focus on establishing a consistent and integrated talent and perfor-
mance management process and improving the talent portfolio by proactively identifying and sourcing talent
as well as by ensuring workforce diversity.

The goal of the third capability initiative ONE Process Harmonization, Standardization and Excel-
lence is to better coordinate processes and apply them consistently. This is particularly the case with software
applications. Continuous improvement will take place through benchmarking. Ultimately, this will allow Merck
to adapt rapidly to business changes as well as to integrate future acquisitions both seamlessly and
efficiently.


--- Page 8 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Objectives and strategies
of the Merck Group

With its business
initiatives, Merck
wants to capture new
business opportunities

Merck Serono aims
to grow at least

in line with the global
pharmaceutical market

The importance of Merck's global headquarters in Darmstadt is to be underscored along the lines of ONE
global headquarters. Merck in Darmstadt is to become a vibrant home for creativity, exchange and
innovation.

Our aim is to implement all capability initiatives in the medium term.

Business initiatives
Furthermore, Merck has set up a range of business initiatives in order to expand the existing portfolio as
well as to capture new business opportunities. The following initiatives are of major significance:

Biosimilars

In order to capture the opportunities offered by biosimilars, Merck set up a dedicated unit. Merck wants to
use its expertise in developing, manufacturing and commercializing high-quality biotechnological medicines
in order to create a competitive biosimilars portfolio. The focus is on developing molecules through in-house
research and development as well as through partnerships.

Research & Development at Merck Serono

Merck Serono introduced a more entrepreneurial model to elevate the performance dynamics of its Research
& Development. Based on Translational Innovation Platforms (TIPs), the division wants to foster long-term
planning and an entrepreneurial mindset, supported by an independent advisory board of external experts.

OLEDs

The Performance Materials division aims to further expand its global leadership position in display materials.
Merck expects OLED technology to increase in importance in the future. Performance Materials is therefore
investing in developing a comprehensive OLED portfolio. By 2018, Merck aims to be a leading supplier of OLED
materials.

Business strategies of the divisions

Merck Serono

Merck Serono aims to become a preferred global biopharmaceutical partner, providing innovative specialty
medicines, leading brands, and high-value solutions. Global megatrends such as world population growth
and a general increase in life expectancy are bolstering the demand for our products. The aim is to grow at
least in line with the global pharmaceutical market.

39


--- Page 9 ---

40

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Objectives and strategies
of the Merck Group

Merck Serono wants to
step up its activities in
China, Brazil and North
America

Consumer Health aims
to expand its market
share in all key markets

Innovative drugs are the key to competing in mature markets, which remain the largest and most profitable
markets for our products. In addition, we will use customized products and dosage forms to systematically
capture the growth potential of emerging markets in order to further expand our leading position in key
cardiometabolic diseases mainly based on our General Medicine products such as Glucophage®, Concor® and
Euthyrox®.

The division continues to focus on the therapeutic areas of Oncology, Multiple Sclerosis, Fertility and
General Medicine.

In Oncology, Merck launched the Erbitux® Reloaded program, the strategic focus of which is on building
on the existing business to expand market share and to ensure market leadership in first-line therapy of meta-
static colorectal cancer in patients with KRAS wild-type tumors. Based on the results of the FIRE 3 study as
well as further retrospective analyses of pivotal trials, Merck Serono is emphasizing the importance of offer-
ing patients complete testing for RAS status in order to ensure optimum treatment. In Multiple Sclerosis, the
vision is to remain a leader by providing innovative solutions that include drugs, devices and services to help
people living with multiple sclerosis. Merck Serono plans to fully exploit the potential of Rebif®, its top-selling
product, in an increasingly competitive multiple sclerosis market and to position it as the best interferon-
based therapeutic option for patients who suffer from the relapsing form of the disease. Merck Serono
intends to further expand its market leadership in Fertility especially by leveraging the comprehensive
portfolio of products and life cycle management activities, and by capturing growth opportunities in emerg-
ing markets. In General Medicine, Merck Serono will focus on further boosting its efforts in emerging markets
and enhancing the life cycle management of its products. In addition, Merck Serono intends to continue to
strengthen its current portfolio through suitable partnerships.

China and Brazil are key growth markets for the division. Merck Serono wants to step up its activities in
these countries by 2018. At the same time, Merck Serono intends to further expand its activities in North
America. The division is therefore examining potential business models such as alliances, acquisitions of
start-ups as well as the launch of new products..

Consumer Health

In 2012 and 2013, the Consumer Health division undertook steps to strategically realign the internal organiza-
tion while sharpening its focus on core brands and particularly attractive key markets. As of 2014, Consumer
Health intends to push ahead with its growth agenda, particularly in emerging markets of Latin America and
Southeast Asia. To this end, the division is pursuing a clear strategy: The aim is for Consumer Health to
achieve a market share of at least 3% by 2021 in each of the division's top 20 markets (including France,
Mexico, Brazil, Germany and the United Kingdom), with at least three brands in leading positions. An impor-
tant milestone within the framework of this strategy will be the transfer of the Neurobion® and Floratil®
brands from the Merck Serono to the Consumer Health division in 2014. Neurobion® is a leading global brand
in the vitamin B segment and Floratil® is a leading brand in the probiotic antidiarrheal segment in Brazil. Their
transfer to Consumer Health will allow a stronger focus on consumer needs. As a consequence, the emerging
markets exposure of Consumer Health will increase from 28% in 2013 to 51% in 2014, and Consumer Health
will also increase the market share of the division in key markets such as Brazil, Mexico, India and
Indonesia.


--- Page 10 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Objectives and strategies
of the Merck Group

Performance Materials
aims to further expand
its market and technol-
ogy leadership position
in liquid crystals

Merck Millipore
aims to continue to
outperform its peers

Performance Materials

The demand for high-tech products in general and for innovative display solutions in particular has seen high
global growth in recent years. Nor is this trend expected to weaken in the coming years. Instead, Merck
assumes that there will be increasing demand for these types of consumer goods from a growing middle class
in emerging markets. Therefore, Performance Materials will defend its position as the market and technology
leader for liquid crystals and further expand it as far as possible.

Since the typical life cycle of liquid crystal mixtures is less than three years, innovation will remain the
key success factor. The liquid crystals pipeline is well-stocked with new technologies such as self-aligned
vertical alignment (SA-VA), advanced fringe field switching (FFS) as well as projects beyond displays. The
division wants to further position itself in the OLED market and play a leading role in this market segment in
the medium to long term. Lower production costs for OLED displays are a precondition for this. External
partnerships will also be used in the future to ensure the required exchange of technology and expertise.

In addition, the planned acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials and the resulting combination of two
research and development teams will lead to further innovative solutions for customers in the electronics
industry.

Within its Pigments & Cosmetics business unit, Merck will continue to focus on customers as well as the
effect pigments business and selected technology segments in the functional materials business.

Merck Millipore

In order for Merck Millipore, the life science tools division of Merck, to continue to outperform its peers, the
division is pursuing various strategic approaches. Merck Millipore will maximize the potential of the combined
portfolio, drive market share growth in North America, Asia and Latin America, and increase sales generated
by new products. The division's profitability is to improve by globalizing the entire portfolio and reducing
organizational complexity. Merck Millipore will secure operational excellence by implementing systems such
as Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), delivering the highest standard of customer service, and cultivating
talent in the organization. These measures are to be fully implemented by 2017.


--- Page 11 ---

42

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Objectives and strategies
of the Merck Group

Merck is pursuing a
conservative financial

policy

Strategic financial and dividend policy

For reasons of sustainability, Merck generally follows a conservative financial policy. Apart from a solid balance
sheet with transparent and healthy structures, this policy is reflected by the selection of financing sources,
liquidity management, key financial indicators, dividend policy, and risk management.

Merck generates high business free cash flow and its return on capital employed is consistently improv-
ing. In the context of the Group-wide efficiency program currently underway, cash is being reserved with high
priority to fund restructuring measures across all divisions and regions. Around € 800 million of one-time
costs related to restructuring are planned to be incurred from 2012 to 2015. As of 2014, major acquisitions
will again be on Merck's agenda.

Moreover, cash is to be used for selective acquisitions in order to provide for future growth, for instance
the planned takeover of AZ Electronic Materials (Performance Materials).

Lastly, Merck uses its cash for dividend payments to its shareholders. Merck's dividend policy is aimed
at a moderate long-term sustainable payout ratio of 35% to 40% based on net income before one-time items.


--- Page 12 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

EBITDA pre is the most
important key perfor-
mance indicator of the
Merck Group

Internal management system of the Merck Group

As a global pharmaceutical and chemical company organized around four divisions with a diverse portfolio
of products and services, Merck uses a comprehensive framework of indicators to manage performance.
Within this framework, the most important KPI (key performance indicator) to measure the operational per-
formance of the Merck Group and its divisions is EBITDA pre.

The Merck Value Creation and Financial KPI Pyramid, which summarizes the important financial performance
measures of the Merck Group, reflects the comprehensive framework of financial KPIs to steer our businesses
and prioritize the allocation of our cash resources. It consists of three managerial dimensions, which require
the use of different indicators: Merck Group, Business Portfolio and Projects. Apart from its strong focus on
operational performance, the Merck Value Creation and Financial KPI Pyramid also emphasizes the need for
measurable mid- and long-term value creation as well as the efficient allocation of cash to the most promis-
ing investment alternatives.

Merck Group Sales
EBITDA pre

Net Income, EPS
Dividend ratio
Credit rating

MEVA

Business Portfolio s Sales Growth
EBITDA pre margin

ROCE, MEVA

Projects M&A Licensing Capex
NPV eNPV NPV
EBITDA pre margin EBITDA pre margin ck period
EPS PoS EBITDA pre margin
ROCE, MEVA ROCE ROCE

Explanations: EBITDA pre = Earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization pre one-time items, EPS = Earnings per share,
MEVA = Merck value added, BFCF = Business free cash flow, ROCE = Return on capital employed, NPV = Net present value, eNPV = expected Net present
value (probability adjusted), PoS = Probability of success

43


--- Page 13 ---

44

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

— Internal management system

of the Merck Group

Sales, EBITDA pre and
business free cash flow
serve as performance
indicators for the
development of the
Merck Group and its
divisions

Group and Division KPIs

The three Group and division KPls, namely sales, EBITDA pre and business free cash flow, are the most
important financial KPls used to assess the operational performance of the Merck Group and its divisions.
Reference to these KPIs can therefore be found in the report on economic position, the report on risks and
opportunities, and in the report on expected developments. As the most important indicators of Merck's
financial business performance, the Group and division KPls are key elements of Merck's performance man-
agement and incentive system.

Sales

Sales are defined as the sales of goods and services rendered to external customers net of value added tax
and after sales deductions such as rebates or discounts. Sales are the main indicator of business growth in
the Merck Group and therefore an important parameter of external as well as internal performance
measurement.

Merck Group | Sales

Change
€ million/change in % 2013 2012 in %
Sales 10,700.1 10,740.8 -0.4

EBITDA pre
EBITDA pre is the main performance indicator measuring ongoing operational profitability and is used
internally and externally. To allow for an understanding of the underlying operational performance of the
Merck Group and its four divisions, it excludes from the operating result depreciation and amortization in
addition to specific income and expenses of a one-time nature. One-time items within EBITDA are restricted
to five categories: integration costs/IT costs, restructuring costs, gains/losses on the divestment of business,
acquisition costs and other one-time items. The classification of specific income and expense as one-time
items follows clear definitions and underlies strict governance at corporate level. For example IT costs, which
are not related to the integration of an acquired business, can only be classified as one-time items if they are
related to a fundamental change in the global IT landscape of the Merck Group or a division. Also, the category
restructuring costs only includes one-time charges for globally defined and centrally approved restructuring
programs. Restructuring costs incurred in 2012 and 2013 were directly related to the Group-wide “Fit for 2018"
transformation and growth program.

Within the scope of internal performance management, EBITDA pre allows for the necessary changes or
restructuring without penalizing the performance of the operating business.


--- Page 14 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Internal management system

of the Merck Group

Merck Group | Reconciliation of EBIT to EBITDA pre

Change
€ million/change in % 2013 2012 in %
Operating result (EBIT) 1,610.8 963.6 67.2
Depreciation/Amortization/Reversals of impairments 1,458.4 1,396.6 44
EBITDA 3,069.2 2,360.2 30.0
Restructuring costs 130.5 503.8 -74.1
Integration costs/IT costs 49.0 36.7 33.5
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses 2.3 60.1 -96.2
Acquisition costs 0.0 1.0 100.0
Other one-time items 23 31 -25.8
EBITDA pre 3,253.3 2,964.9 97

Business free cash flow (BFCF)

Apart from EBITDA pre and sales, business free cash flow (BFCF) is the third important Group and division KPI
and therefore also used for internal target agreements and individual incentive plans. It comprises the major
cash-relevant items that the individual businesses can influence. Broken down to the divisional level, it sums

up EBITDA pre less main cash items such as investments in property, plant and equipment, software, advance
payments for intangible assets, as well as changes in inventories and trade accounts receivable, all of which
are under full control of the individual businesses. To manage working capital on a regional and local level,
our businesses use the two indicators DSO (days sales outstanding) and DSI (days sales in inventory). The
introduction of business free cash flow has led to considerable improvements in cash awareness as well as
reduced working capital requirements.

Merck Group | Business free cash flow

Change
€ million/change in % 2013 2012 in %
EBITDA pre 3,253.3 2,964.9 97
Investments in property, plant, equipment and software as
well as advance payments for intangible assets 446.2 366.5 217
Changes in inventory according to the balance sheet 59.7 157.2 ~62.0
Changes in trade accounts receivable according to the balance sheet 93.2 213.7 -56.4

Business free cash flow 2,960.0 2,969.3 -0.3

45


--- Page 15 ---

46

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

— Internal management system

of the Merck Group

Net present value is
the main criterion for
prioritizing investment
opportunities

Merck's financial stabil-
ity is indicated by earn-
ings per share, credit
rating and dividend
ratio

Investments and value management

Sustainable value creation is essential to secure the long-term success of our company. To optimize the
allocation of financial resources we use a defined set of parameters as criteria for the prioritization of invest-
ment opportunities and portfolio decisions.

Net present value (NPV)

The main criterion for the prioritization of investment opportunities is net present value. It is based on the
discounted cash flow method and is calculated as the sum of the discounted free cash flows over the projec-
tion period of a project. Consistent with the definition of free cash flow, the weighted average cost of capital
(WACC), representing the weighted average of the cost of equity and cost of debt, are used as the discount
rate. Depending on the type and location of a project different mark-ups are applied to the WACC.

Return on capital employed (ROCE)
In addition to NPV, ROCE is an important metric for the assessment of investment projects. It is calculated as
the operating result (EBIT) excluding one-time items divided by the sum of property, plant and equipment,
intangible assets and working capital.

Payback period
An additional parameter to prioritize investments into property, plant and equipment is the payback period,
which indicates the time in years after which an investment will generate positive net cash flow.

Merck value added (MEVA)

MEVA gives information about the value created in a period. Value is created when the return on the com-
pany's or divisional capital employed (ROCE) is higher than the weighted average cost of capital (WACC).
MEVA metrics provide Merck with a powerful tool to weigh investment and spending decisions against capital
requirements and investors’ expectations.

Capital Market-Related Parameters

The operational performance of our businesses within a certain period provides an important basis for assess-
ing the financial health of our company. In addition, the financial stability of the company is reflected by the
following capital market-related parameters:

Net income and earnings per share (EPS)

Earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit after tax attrioutable to the shareholders of Merck KGaA
(net income) by the weighted average number of theoretical shares outstanding. The use of a theoretical
number of shares takes into account the fact that the general partner's capital is not represented by shares.
To provide a more comparable view, Merck also publishes EPS pre, which excludes one-time items and


--- Page 16 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Internal management system

of the Merck Group

amortization of intangible assets (mostly from the acquisitions of Serono SA and the Millipore Corporation)
and is based on the company's underlying tax ratio.

Credit rating

The rating of Merck's credit worthiness by external agencies is an important indicator with respect to our
ability to raise debt capital at attractive market conditions. The capital market makes use of the assessments
published by independent rating agencies in order to assist debt providers in estimating the risks associated
with a financial instrument. Currently, Merck is assessed by Moody's and Standard & Poor's (S&P). Here, net
financial debt is an important indicator, which we define as current and non-current financial liabilities less
cash and cash equivalents as well as current financial assets. A five-year overview of Merck's credit rating
can be found in the report on risks and opportunities.

Dividend ratio

Asa publicly listed company Merck strives to pay a reasonable dividend to shareholders based on the returns
that we generate. With the aim of ensuring an attractive return to shareholders, Merck pursues a reliable
dividend policy with a target payout ratio based on adjusted net income (reported net income plus one-time
items, e.g. restructuring costs).

Other Relevant/Non-Financial Performance Measures

Apart from the indicators of the financial performance of our businesses, non-financial measures also play
an important role in furthering the success of our company. From a Group perspective, specifically innova-
tions in our businesses as well as the attraction and retention of highly qualified employees are of central
importance. Further indicators of relevance to specific topics can be found in the Corporate Responsibility
report.

Innovation

Innovation is the foundation of our business and will also be the prerequisite for future success in changing
markets. We are continuously working to develop new products and service innovations for patients and
customers, which is also reflected in our slogan “Merck - Living Innovation". Indicators for the degree of
innovation are defined individually depending on the specifics of our businesses.

Talent retention

Employing a highly qualified and motivated workforce is the basis for achieving our ambitious business goals.
Therefore, we put a strong focus on establishing the processes and the environment needed to attract and
retain the right talent with the right capabilities at the right time. To measure how successful we are in our
efforts, talent retention has been implemented as an important non-financial indicator.

47


--- Page 17 ---

48

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Our CR Committee steers
all of our corporate
responsibility activities
throughout the Merck
Group

Merck is committed to
the United Nations Glob-
al Compact, as well as
to the Responsible Care
Global Charter of the
International Council of
Chemical Associations

Corporate Responsibility

Responsible conduct with respect to our employees, products, the environment, and society plays a key role
in Merck's corporate culture. In the course of our nearly 350-year history, the principle of corporate respon-
sibility has become a permanent pillar of our corporate governance. It constitutes part of our daily conduct
and thus a fundamental prerequisite for our business success.

More information on this topic can be found in our 2012 Corporate Responsibility Report’.

Strategy and management

Our corporate responsibility (CR) activities are steered by our Group-wide CR Committee, which consists of
representatives from Merck's divisions, as well as from relevant Group functions. Our ambition is to be a
global company that creates added value for consumers, our market partners and the community while also
helping them lead better lives. We endeavor to achieve positive recognition for Merck in society and have an
obligation to operate safely as well as respect the environment.

Mankind is confronted with major global issues, such as the increasing demand for affordable, renewable
energy, a growing need for access to health - especially in developing health care systems - and the preven-
tion of greenhouse gas emissions. We believe that we can do our part to resolve these global challenges
through our innovative pharmaceutical, chemical and life science products, as well as through responsible
corporate governance; in this way, we can prepare ourselves for the future while increasing Merck's accept-
ance in society.

Merck's CR engagement is focused on three spheres of activity:
+ People: We strengthen our company's ability to act by recruiting, developing and motivating the most suit-
able employees. We want to help society function better and aim to set the example for ethical conduct.
+ Products: Our products serve people's current and future needs, and many of them contribute to
environmental protection. Safety and ethical aspects matter just as much as business success.
+ Environment: In the manufacture of our products, we seek to impact the environment as little as
possible. Safety, environmental protection and quality management are absolutely essential to this goal.

Merck supports relevant initiatives concerning responsible corporate governance. We participate in the United
Nations Global Compact and are committed to complying with the compact's principles regarding human
rights, labor standards, environmental protection, and anti-corruption. Another way in which we live our
corporate responsibility is our commitment to follow the guidelines of the Responsible Care Global Charter,
an initiative of the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA). This charter aims to continuously
improve the products and services of the chemical industry in terms of environmental protection, health,
plant safety, and security.

*Merck applies the G3.1 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative


--- Page 18 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

Merck maintains

an ongoing dialogue
with its various
stakeholders

Merck focuses
particularly on health
projects and promoting
education

Spending on social
engagement activities
totaled € 46.2 million
in 2013

In addition, we are involved in the Chemie? initiative, a collaboration between the German Chemical Industry
Association (VCI), the German Employers’ Federation of the Chemical Industry (BAVC), and the German Min-
ing, Chemical and Energy Industrial Union (IGBCE). This initiative aims to make sustainability a core part of
the chemical industry's guiding principles and seeks to jointly drive the sector's position within the German
economy as a key contributor to sustainable development.

To Merck, corporate responsibility does not merely mean actively taking action, but also actively listening.
The dialogue with the various stakeholder groups is therefore highly important to us. These stakeholders
include our employees, our business associates, the Merck family, investors, regulatory agencies, and associa-
tions. We engage in a continuous exchange with our stakeholders in order to transparently demonstrate how
we live the Merck Values.

This engagement has earned Merck a variety of recognition, not the least of which was our listing on
the FTSE4Good Index once more in 2013. To be included in this leading international sustainability index,
a company has to demonstrate socially conscientious, ecological and ethical conduct.

Responsibility for people: Social responsibility

Merck sees itself as part of the community, not only at its individual locations, but also at global level. Taking
responsibility towards society is an integral part of our entrepreneurial approach. We believe that we can
make an important contribution to society through our knowledge, our skills and our products.

Our social responsibility activities are primarily focused on those areas in which we have specific expertise
stemming from our core businesses. We are thus engaged in health care projects and support education,
specifically in the natural sciences. We provide disaster relief in emergency situations, especially in those
regions in which we also do business.

To increase the effectiveness of our projects, we have consolidated our resources into three global lighthouse

projects:

1. The Merck Praziquantel Donation Program: We are partnering with the World Health Organization
(WHO) to combat the worm disease schistosomiasis in school children in Africa (see also p. [55]).

2. Global Pharma Health Fund: This is a charitable initiative funded by Merck to fight counterfeit
medicines in developing countries and emerging markets (see also p. [56]).

3. The Deutsche Philharmonie Merck, a cultural ambassador: With up to 80 professional musicians and a
very diverse concert repertoire, this orchestra is an integral part of the cultural life in the vicinity of our
Group headquarters in Darmstadt and also tours internationally.

In addition, our subsidiaries are engaged in local projects. We have defined a general set of criteria for
selecting projects, and the decisions concerning specific local projects are made by our subsidiaries. In 2013,
we spent a total of € 46.2 million on corporate social responsibility activities. Of the total monetary and
non-monetary donations made by our subsidiaries in 2013, 63% went to Emerging Markets (Latin America
and Asia, excluding Japan), 36% to Europe, as well as 1% to North America and the Rest of World region.

49


--- Page 19 ---

50

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

Merck had more than
38,000 employees as of
the end of 2013

In 2013, Merck

harmonized its 2
to advanced trail
across the Merck Group

Responsibility for people: Merck employees

In accordance with the Merck Values, we live a culture of mutual esteem and respect. We want to become
better and faster by recruiting, developing and motivating the most suitable employees. In addition, we would
like to further enhance the performance culture of our company and promote the diversity of our
workforce.

As of December 31, 2013, Merck had 38,154 employees worldwide (2012: 38,847). Merck was represented
by a total of 191 companies in 66 countries, with 63 production sites located across 21 countries.

Fit for 2018

The “Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program impacted HR work in 2013 as well. At the majority of
Merck's sites, the structural prerequisites were put in place and agreements were reached with the respective
social partners in order to create a socially responsible approach to the workforce reduction required by the
transformation process. For example, in Germany, around 1,200 employees chose to participate in a partial
retirement program or a voluntary leaver program. By the end of 2013, we had completed the process of
moving Merck Serono headquarters from Geneva to Darmstadt. In comparison with 2012, the total number
of employees in 2013 decreased by 693.

Vocational and advanced training

Merck continues to take the vocational and advanced training of its employees very seriously. We have
therefore maintained a constant vocational training rate at Darmstadt, the largest site of the Merck Group.
In 2013, a total of 516 young people were enrolled in vocational training programs at this site, in 23 different
occupations. At other sites where we offer vocational and advanced training, we have likewise maintained a
high vocational training rate.

"Start in die Ausbildung", a German program to prepare young people for an apprenticeship, was contin-
ued with 20 interns, the same number as in 2012.

In 2013, we globally harmonized our approach to advanced training, better gearing it towards the future
business focus of the Merck Group. Here, our goal is to advance the competencies and abilities of our employ-
ees and managers so that they can help implement our corporate strategy more efficiently while at the same
time unlocking their individual potential. We have accordingly revised our training programs at all levels.

Performance management

In 2012, we ran a pilot of an integrated performance and talent management process, which we then rolled
out broadly in 2013. Merck considers it important to identify employee potential early on and foster it on an
individual basis. We want to offer our talent attractive career opportunities as well as continual personal and
professional prospects within the company.

The new process systematically combines talent recognition with the Performance Management Process
that allows us to objectively assess the performance of each individual employee. This assessment is a crucial
prerequisite for personal development as well as for the overall success of the company. Key features here
are clear objectives, differentiated and open feedback on performance, as well as individual development


--- Page 20 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

Merck aims to further
strengthen its
performance culture

The BeSafe! program
is helping to further
reduce the number of
workplace accidents

plans. To date, around 22,400 employees have participated in the globally harmonized Performance Manage-
ment Process.

Internal talent development and external recruiting

Through the above-mentioned process, Merck aims to bolster its performance culture and develop talent in
a more targeted manner. In 2013, we achieved our first successes and expanded our pool of internal talent,
which makes it easier to fill management positions with internal staff when they become vacant. In 2013,
92% of management position vacancies were filled by internal candidates. Merck also recruited external
executives for several key positions in the organization in order to add new outside perspectives to our
long-standing in-house expertise.

Merck is using the motto "Make great things happen” to position itself in the global job market, which
conveys to potential applicants a sense of what makes Merck unique: an inspiring, motivating work environ-
ment in which innovations thrive; an environment in which everyone has the opportunity to apply their ideas
and engagement to benefit customers and the company, while at the same time growing as employees.

Occupational health and safety

As a responsible employer, it is especially important to us to do everything in our power to prevent workplace-
related illnesses and accidents. We apply the lost time injury rate (LTIR) as an indicator to determine the
success of measures aimed at accident prevention as well as occupational health and safety. This internation-
ally recognized key performance indicator describes the number of workplace accidents resulting in lost time
per one million working hours. Merck set itself the goal of reducing the LTIR to 2.5 by 2015. In 2013, we again
outperformed this goal, achieving an LTIR of 2.1.

Incidents

2009 2010 2011 2012 2013*
LTIR (Lost Time Injury Rate) 3.5 3.0 2.0 23 21
Number of fatalities 0 1 0 ) 0
“Incl. temps

This continuous rate of improvement can be particularly attributed to the BeSafe! program, which was
launched in 2010. In 2013, we continued to sensitize our employees to workplace hazards through numerous
activities and awareness campaigns. BeSafe! is a Group-wide initiative with harmonized standards and local
modules for the specific requirements at individual sites. This program focuses on engaging managers in the
safety culture and building their buy-in; it aims to make safety an intrinsic value and empower our employees
to take responsibility for their own safety.

Since 2010, Merck has been presenting the Safety Excellence Award in order to underscore the impor-
tance of safety. It is granted to all production sites with no workplace accidents on record for the year. In
2013, 38 out of 63 production sites were recognized.

51


--- Page 21 ---

52 Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

The Diversity Council
is responsible for the
diversity and inclusion
strategy of the Merck
Group

Merck intends to in-
crease the percentage
of female employees
wherever they are
underrepresented

Workforce diversity

We believe that workforce diversity leads to greater innovation and promotes better team performance,
which is why we aim to foster diversity among our employees. To this end, the Executive Board has defined
three focus areas. As a global company, we particularly endeavor to achieve a good balance between different
cultures and nationalities, between different age groups, as well as between male and female employees.

In addition to creating the position of Chief Diversity Officer, who is responsible for strategically manag-
ing diversity within the Merck Group, Merck also established the Diversity Council in 2013. This aims to build
further buy-in for diversity within the company. The council consists of high-ranking managers from every
division as well as from several Group functions; it is primarily concerned with developing and refining our
diversity and inclusion strategy.

In addition, Merck supports specific employee networks in order to foster exchange among like-minded
individuals, building expertise that benefits the company. For example, in 2013, we worked with a network of
international employees to better gear our Darmstadt site to an international workforce. This helps employees
from across the globe to easily and quickly familiarize themselves with Group headquarters, thereby increas-
ing work efficiency within the company.

Focus areas: Internationality, demography, gender ratio

One of our fundamental principles is to recruit employees from the countries in which we operate and offer
them career development opportunities. People from a total of 114 different nations work at Merck. Only 27%
of Merck employees are German citizens, and 72% work outside of Germany. Three of our four divisions are
currently headed by non-Germans.

In Germany, several other EU countries and the United States, we must prepare ourselves for demographic
change. In these countries, the average age of our employees exceeds 40 - and we assume that this figure
will continue to rise in the coming years. In Europe, we are addressing these demographic challenges through
various programs. These include adapting workplaces to the needs of older employees and establishing a
health management program to maintain their ability to do their jobs.

Women currently make up 42% of our entire workforce. Since the ratio of women to men varies widely
across the different regions, divisions and functions, Merck has set itself the goal of increasing the percentage
of female employees wherever they are underrepresented.

Filling management positions

We believe that balanced diversity among management enhances career advancement opportunities for
talented employees while also helping to provide a broad experience base within the company. It furthermore
allows for differentiated entrepreneurial decision-making, thereby making a significant contribution to the
success of the company.


--- Page 22 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

The assistanceame
program launched by
Merck in 2013 is a new
initiative that helps
improve employee
work-life balance

Product safety is at the
core of Merck's corpo-
rate responsibility

As a global company, Merck considers it highly important to have an international management team.
Currently, 619% of our managers - meaning positions rated Global Grade 14 and up in our Global Grading
System - have a nationality other than German. Altogether, 59 different nationalities are represented in
such positions.

The percentage of management positions held by women (Global Grade 14 and up) is currently 25%
Group-wide. In the subsidiaries outside of Germany, this percentage is higher than at Group headquarters in
Darmstadt. Likewise, more women work in managerial positions in our Pharmaceuticals divisions than in our
Chemicals divisions. Certain Group functions such as IT have a lower percentage of women in management
positions. However, the figures are clearly increasing across the Group as a whole. Merck has reached its
strategic goal of raising the percentage of management positions held by women from 25% to 30% and
intends to further increase this percentage by 2016. In order to achieve this ambition, Merck is implementing
numerous measures at the local level. 2013 was the first time that a woman was appointed as head of a Merck
Group division.

Work-life balance

Merck wishes to help its employees achieve a good balance between their professional and personal objec-
tives. This maintains and strengthens their motivation and performance potential, making it easier for them
to plan their daily lives.

In Germany and other countries, Merck offers various flexible working hour models. Globally, approxi-
mately 5% of our employees worked part-time in 2013. 8% of our part-time employees are men.

In addition to this, Merck introduced a comprehensive employee assistance program called “assistance4me"
in 2013. Throughout Germany, this initiative offers employees extensive help with regard to finding childcare
and nursing care, as well as home and garden services. At various sites, employees benefit from childcare
options that Merck subsidizes. A daycare center has been operating at the Darmstadt site in Germany for
more than 40 years, financially supported by the Merck family. In 2013, Merck invested in expanding the
facility, increasing the daycare center staff by 40% in order to provide 50 additional spots. The hours of
operation were also extended. The daycare center will be hiring English-speaking staff in order to accom-
modate the increasingly international workforce at Merck.

Responsibility for our products

Our success and our future are founded on innovative products that address people's needs and enable them
to lead a better life. Through our products, we are helping to overcome global challenges such as climate
change and access to health. At the same time, we are also helping our customers achieve their own sustain-
ability goals.

The safety of our products is at the core of our corporate responsibility. As long as used properly, our
products should pose no danger to customers or the environment, nor should our pharmaceuticals have a
negative benefit-risk evaluation. We therefore examine safety across the entire life cycle of our products and
continuously take steps to minimize risks. We make our products safer to use by providing patients and
customers with extensive informational material so that they can use the products in a responsible, safe and
proper manner.

53


--- Page 23 ---

54

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

Merck's quality vision:
“Quality is embedded in
everything we do!”

Safety of our chemical products

There are numerous regulations intended to ensure that chemicals pose no danger to humans or the environ-
ment. Compliance with these regulatory requirements is an important part of our work. With our Group-wide
Product Safety Chemicals policy, we have introduced global processes for defining, steering and implement-
ing product safety, and have established the corresponding management structures.

Our policies and regulations incorporate all relevant national and international chemical regulations,
including the EU chemicals regulation REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of
Chemicals) and the Globally Harmonised System of Classification and Labeling of Chemicals (GHS). We are
committed to transparency; for instance, in line with the Global Product Strategy, an international initiative
of the chemical industry, we provide our customers with product safety summaries for hazardous
materials.

Merck has successfully completed the second phase of REACH implementation. All substances we pro-
duce or import in quantities ranging from 100 to 1,000 metric tons per year - around 70 different substances
- were fully registered with the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) by June 1, 2013. The next step, part of
the third phase, is for us to register all substances produced or imported in quantities ranging from one to
100 metric tons by 2018. We have already started this process and are right on schedule with our activities.

Safety of our drugs

In everything we do, our number one priority is our patients’ safety. Ultimate responsibility for drug safety
matters at Merck Serono is borne by our Medical Safety and Ethics Board (MSEB), which is chaired by the
Global Chief Medical Officer. Merck Serono Global Drug Safety is responsible for continuously, systematically
monitoring the safety of our drugs (pharmacovigilance). This unit processes safety information from various
sources such as clinical trials, adverse reaction reports and scientific literature in order to provide patients
with the latest risk-benefit evaluations during the entire life cycle of a drug. Through our Pharma Code for
Conducting Pharmaceutical Business and Pharmaceutical Operations, we set standards for responsible
marketing activities in order to ensure that patients and professional health care providers have access to
relevant information and that patients receive effective treatment.

Quality of our products

Our goal is to provide customers and patients with high-quality brand-name products. Through our quality
vision - “Quality is embedded in everything we do!" - we remind our employees of their responsibility - across
all divisions, all Group functions and all levels of the company.

Sustainable products

We strive to continuously enhance the sustainability footprint of our products and are working to offer our
customers products that enable them to reduce the impact of their own activities, as well as to achieve their
own sustainability goals. One example of this is the Green® concept. Through this program, the Performance
Materials division is helping to promote environmentally preferable, energy-efficient, safe technologies and
materials. We are developing innovative materials for energy-efficient liquid crystal and OLED displays and
are thus helping our customers to reduce their own environmental impacts. Thanks to liquid crystals from
Merck, displays consume approximately 20% less energy in comparison with the preceding generation of
technology.


--- Page 24 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

Merck strives to
improve access to
health for underserved
populations

The Praziquantel Dona-
tion Program is one

of Merck’s lighthouse
projects

We have expanded the Green* concept to include cosmetic products from our Performance Materials division.
We are working to sustainably procure and produce cosmetic ingredients as well as optimize the related
production processes. In dialogue with our customers from the cosmetics industry, we also develop proposals
for cosmetic formulations that meet strict sustainability criteria as well as address the current trend towards
more natural cosmetics. Several of our products have recently been certified by ECOCERT, an independent
organization that represents high international standards for environmentally sustainable products.

As part of the Design for Sustainability program, the Merck Millipore division has developed a number of
tools to drive sustainability across the product development process. One example is a scorecard that identi-
fies key health and environmental impacts in certain life cycle stages as well as opportunities to make
improvements. The Design for Sustainability program is especially aimed at reducing our customers’ own
environmental impact, including their carbon footprint and water use.

In addition to this, Merck fosters its employees’ ideas for new businesses through its Innospire program.
In view of the globally rising levels of energy consumption as well as the increasing scarcity of water, in 2013
we focused on energy conservation, energy efficiency, and energy conversion, as well as water treatment,
water quality analyses, and efficient water consumption. These topics were of particular importance in our
Performance Materials and Merck Millipore divisions. Merck employees were called upon to submit sugges-
tions for new materials and systems, as well as for new business models. During the 2013 run of the Innospire
program, 300 ideas were submitted, some of which pertained to the above-mentioned topics.

Access to health

Promoting access to health - not only to medicines - for underserved populations across the world is a prior-
ity for Merck. Our Access to Health (A2H) initiative leverages core competencies across all Merck divisions to
provide comprehensive health solutions to underserved populations and patients in low- and middle-income
countries. Merck is committed to the UN Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and to working with partners
to achieve them. Our robust approach to addressing the complex challenge of providing access is comprised
of four components, known as the 4As for Access: Availability, Affordability, Awareness and Accessibility.

Availability

Availability includes efforts to reduce barriers to health care solutions and to tackle unmet needs in thera-
peutic areas that disproportionately affect the poor in low- and middle-income countries. Merck is a signa-
tory to the London Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs), which aims to expand access for the
1.4 billion people affected by NTDs. Within the scope of this unprecedented multi-stakeholder effort, Merck
pledged to increase its praziquantel donation tenfold and to develop a pediatric formulation to treat schis-
tosomiasis, a worm disease that often is contracted via contaminated water and is endemic in Africa, Asia
and Latin America.

Affordability

Affordability entails offering our products at prices that poor populations can also afford through programs
such as innovative pricing, intellectual property initiatives and donations. Through the Merck Praziquantel
Donation Program, which is one of our lighthouse projects, Merck donates Cesol® 600 tablets, which contain
the active ingredient praziquantel, to the World Health Organization (WHO) to fight schistosomiasis in Africa.
At the end of 2011, Merck pledged to continue its efforts until the disease is eliminated in Africa, contributing

55


--- Page 25 ---

56

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

The Global Pharma
Health Fund is an initia-
tive funded by Merck to
help in the fight against
counterfeit medicines

up to 250 million tablets annually in the medium term. The WHO partnership has made it possible to treat
around 38 million African children. Manufacturing plants in developing countries allow Merck to improve the
affordability of their products by selling them in local markets at lower prices.

Awareness

Awareness focuses on the education of health care professionals, technicians and patients to promote high-
quality disease prevention, screening and treatment. Interpol, the world's largest international police organi-
zation, estimates that up to 30% of all medicines in developing countries are either counterfeit or of
substandard quality. This is especially true in Africa and Asia, since they have little in the way of effective
governmental drug inspection centers. The Minilab™ developed by the Global Pharma Health Fund (GPHF),
which is exclusively financed by Merck, is an important element of our efforts to combat counterfeit medi-
cines and ensures patient safety. The Minilao™ detects counterfeit medicines quickly, easily and inexpensively
by using reference samples to test the identity and concentration of 70 active ingredients, ranging from
antimalarial drugs and antibiotics to analgesics and antipyretics. To date, the GPHF has supplied 642 Minilabs
to more than 80 countries. Merck also collaborates with Interpol and other biopharmaceutical companies to
raise awareness about the harmful effects of counterfeit medicines.

Through our three-year Capacity Advancement Program (CAP), Merck is promoting awareness among
health workers. In Kenya, we collaborate with the University of Nairobi on the Diabetes Community Aware-
ness and Medical Education Program in a campaign to improve the early diagnosis of diabetes. The campaign
has already reached 1,000 people in Kenya, providing patients with free screenings and medical check-ups.
We run and sponsor pharmacovigilance training programs in collaboration with local health authorities to
ensure that patients get best-quality health solutions, regardless of their location.

Accessibility
To strengthen supply chain and delivery as well as contribute to addressing the so-called “last mile" challenge,
we are engaged with various global health stakeholders in discussions around collective and tailored solu-
tions. To raise awareness about thyroid disorders, Merck runs screening programs in Africa, Asia and Latin
America. We also use our ThyroMobil® to provide onsite screening and education about iodine deficiency. In
Algeria, Merck supports local production through the transfer of manufacturing technology for the produc-
tion of metformin and bisoprolol. As part of its commitment to improving access to health care for under-
served populations, Merck has also constructed the rural pharmacy - an innovative pharmacy specifically
designed for rural parts of Africa that will be piloted in Ghana. The pharmacy is a 40-foot shipping container
which can be transported to rural communities pre-equipped and with minimal assembly required. Since
people living in rural areas often travel great distances to access health care services, the pharmacy will
improve accessibility by bringing health solutions directly to them.

Merck aims to establish itself as a health partner of choice in low- and middle-income countries and
actively support them as they continue to develop.


--- Page 26 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

Merck's suppliers must
also adhere to environ-
mental, compliance and
social responsibility
standards

In 2013, Merck
invested a total of
€ 142 million in
environmental
protection, health
and safety measures

In 2013, Merck reduced
its greenhouse gas
emissions by around
1% relative to the 2006
baseline

Supplier management

For its business activities Merck needs raw materials, packaging materials, technical products, components,
and services. Our basic expectations for suppliers and service providers include their compliance with fun-
damental environmental and social standards, derived primarily from the Core Labor Standards of the
International Labour Organisation and the UN Global Compact. We have also signed the Code of Conduct of
the German Association Materials Management, Purchasing and Logistics e.V. (BME), which is intended to
combat corruption, violations of antitrust law, and child labor, among other issues.

In 2013, we instituted the Merck Responsible Sourcing Principles, which codify the requirements that we
expect our suppliers to meet with regard to environmental, social and compliance standards. We have inte-
grated these principles into our general terms and conditions and, depending on the potential risk, verify
compliance with the Responsible Sourcing Principles by subjecting our suppliers to sustainability audits.

Responsibility for the environment

We have set out to reduce our impact on the environment by applying the precautionary approach principle.
This especially includes utilizing resources such as energy, water and raw materials both sparingly and effi-
ciently while also reducing our emissions and waste.

Environmental management system

Our Corporate EHS Policy defines our principles and strategies for environment, health and safety. It is
implemented through internal guidelines and instruction manuals on compliant behavior, such as the Merck
Group EHS Security and Quality Manual. At all sites, the local EHS managers are also in charge of operational
environmental protection measures. These employees continually receive training and obtain additional
qualifications.

Since our businesses are constantly changing, our environmental management system must also remain
flexible and adaptable. For this reason, we have internal and external audits conducted on a regular basis to
determine whether the ISO 14001 requirements are still being met. In 2013, Merck received the ISO 14001
group certificate for our environmental management system for the fifth consecutive year.

Expenditure on environmental protection, health and safety totaled € 142 million in 2013, which also
includes investments made during 2013.

Climate protection

Climate change and its consequences are one of the main challenges facing society in the 21st century. Being
a responsible company, it is especially important to us to do our part, which is why we have set ourselves the
goal of reducing total direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by 20% by 2020, measured against the
2006 baseline.

In order to achieve this goal, Merck has launched a climate protection program called EDISON that con-
solidates all climate change mitigation and energy efficiency activities of the Merck Group. In 2014, as in 2012
and 2013, the Executive Board will additionally earmark around € 10 million for measures to conserve energy
and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We intend to use this sum to initiate another 130 individual projects
as well as to continue projects from 2012 and 2013. Through the 200 EDISON projects that were launched in

57


--- Page 27 ---

58

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

these two years, Merck aims to annually save around 63 metric kilotons of CO, in the medium term. In 2013,
Merck lowered its greenhouse gas emissions by around 1% relative to the 2006 baseline.

Around two thirds of the projects planned Group-wide have already been or are being rolled out, includ-
ing also major energy generation projects. In Jaffrey, New Hampshire (USA), as well as in Goa, India, Merck is
currently constructing power plants that will use carbon-neutral biomass as fuel in order to supply the sites
with electricity. Another EDISON project is the gas-fired cogeneration unit at our site in Gernsheim, Germany,
which went on line in mid-2013. It uses a high-efficiency gas turbine-driven cogeneration system to produce
electricity, while almost completely preventing the loss of unused heat. This will cut down Merck's carbon
footprint by around 6,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide per year.

Energy consumption (in GWh)

2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
Total energy consumption 1,275 1,395 1,391 1,388 1,431
Direct energy consumption 823 905 906 920 968
Natural gas 742 794 798 818 864
Liquid fossil fuels 66 96 95 89 89
Biomass and other self-generated
renewable energy 15 15 13 13 15
Indirect energy consumption 452 490 485 468 463
Electricity 443 480 481 464 458
Water vapor 9 10 4 4 5
Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol
CO,eq emissions (eq=equivalents)
Emissions in kilotons 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
Total CO,eq emissions 474, 537 502 502 524
Direct CO,eq emissions 299 348 315 317 343
Indirect CO,eq emissions 175 189 187 185 181

Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol

Focus areas: Energy efficiency, greenhouse gas emissions, water scarcity

Energy management plays a key role in our efforts for sustainable energy efficiency and climate change miti-
gation. Merck's production sites in Darmstadt and Gernsheim account for around 40% of Merck's global
energy consumption. In 2012, both of these sites qualified for ISO 50001 - Energy Management System
certificates, which were reaffirmed in 2013. Our Taoyuan site in Taiwan received the ISO 50001 certificate in
2013 for the first time. Counting the Bari and Tiburtina sites in Italy, this makes five Merck production sites
that have a certified energy management system.


--- Page 28 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Corporate Responsibility

With its new
company car policy,
Merck intends to

reduce its CO, emissions
by 30% by 2020

We utilize company cars sparingly and ensure that they are energy efficient, which also contributes to climate
change mitigation and cuts down costs. In 2013, Merck therefore revised its company car policy and defined
specific goals. By 2020, we want to decrease the Group-wide CO, emissions of our car fleet by 30% relative
to the 2012 baseline. Consequently, Merck will be requiring its company cars to be low-emission, state-of-
the-art vehicles that provide good fuel economy.

The Climate Performance Leadership Index and the Climate Disclosure Leadership Index of the Climate
Disclosure Project (CDP), an independent non-profit organization, both indicate that we are on the right track.
In 2013, we were once more ranked in performance band B, which puts us clearly in the upper range of all
participating companies in the Germany, Austria and Switzerland category. Merck again significantly improved
its disclosure score, raising it to 92 out of 100 possible points, thus meeting the requirements for the CDP's
top quality rating. Around 350 companies are rated on their performance in emissions reductions and climate
change reporting. The CDP publishes these two indices in order to make greenhouse gas emissions reporting
more transparent.

In addition to energy, in 2013 Merck also focused its attention on the topic of water. We have examined
our sites to determine which ones are located in regions where water is scarce and thus an especially precious
commodity, and plan to establish sustainable water management programs particularly at these sites.
Furthermore, we participated in the CDP's water program in 2013 for the first time.

59


--- Page 29 ---

60

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Number of employees in
R&D: 2,523

R&D spending in 2013:
€ 1,182.8 million

Guiding principle
is to foster an R&D
environment from
bench to bedside

Open collaborative
model promotes
mutually beneficial
R&D partnerships

Research and Development at Merck

Merck conducts research and development worldwide in order to develop new products and services
designed to improve the quality of life of patients and customers. In 2013, we focused on further opti-
mizing the relevance and profitability of our research and development activities and we increased the
number of new collaborations with external research and development partners.

Nearly 4,000 employees around the world work for Merck researching innovations to serve long-term health
and technology trends in established and emerging markets as well as in developing countries.

Overall, the Merck Group invested around € 1.5 billion in research and development in 2013. In addition,
we are focusing on a newly defined mix of in-house research and cost-saving collaborations, which enables
us to increase the productivity of our research while simultaneously reducing financial outlay.

The organizational set-up of our research and development activities reflects the divisional structure of
the Merck Group. Within the Executive Board, Stefan Oschmann is responsible for the Merck Serono and
Consumer Health divisions and Bernd Reckmann is responsible for the Performance Materials and Merck
Millipore divisions.

Merck Serono

General

In 2013, R&D at Merck Serono evolved significantly. Starting in 2013 as separate functions - Global
Research and Early Development, and Global Development and Medical - Merck Serono unified the two
groups into one global R&D organization.

The guiding principle of the new organization at Merck Serono is to foster an environment of end-to-end
research and development - from bench to bedside - with a resolute commitment to ensuring that the needs
of the patient are the primary driver of Merck Serono's efforts. Operationally, there is a strong focus on
delivering the highest-quality science to clinical development with speed and efficiency, and translating that
science into meaningful, differentiated new therapies for patients in need.

Discovery is structured across three distinct yet closely aligned Translational Innovation Platforms (TIPs):
Oncology, Immuno-Oncology, and Immunology/Neurodegenerative Diseases. Each TIP integrates research,
the early phases of development and biomarker strategies, and is now accountable for delivering promising
discovery programs into development up to clinical proof of confidence. In order to achieve this, in-house
teams of researchers and clinicians work closely together, while collaborating with leading academic insti-
tutes, research laboratories and industry organizations to complement their internal capabilities.

Merck Serono is implementing an open collaborative model in R&D and reflecting this, numerous collabo-
rations were entered into during 2013. These included an innovative strategic collaboration with Quintiles
creating a comprehensive process that integrates the expertise and experience from both organizations into
a single, well-aligned clinical development unit. Several agreements were also signed with external partners
in both research and development.

Across the continuum of R&D, Merck Serono is promoting a solution-oriented, collaborative and account-
able culture that delivers value to the business and to patients. The Merck Serono R&D organization is
boosting its efforts to advance a robust pipeline and achieve its launch ambitions.


--- Page 30 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Research and
Development at Merck

Merck and Quintiles
form partnership

New building in Darm-
stadt for biopharma-
ceutical research and
development

World-class physicians
and scientists have
joined the Merck Serono
leadership team

Research & Development strategy

In 2013, Merck Serono R&D made considerable progress in simplifying its global operations structure. Today,
a nimble and highly-experienced team of just over 2,500 R&D professionals is working towards adding value
and bringing new therapeutic options to patients around the world.

With hubs in Darmstadt, Germany; Boston, Massachusetts (USA); Tokyo, Japan; and Beijing, China, the
broad footprint of Merck Serono gives it access to innovation in its key markets. Across the spectrum of the
biopharma ecosystem - from academia, to hospitals, to research institutions, and to other companies in the
biopharmaceutical industry - Merck Serono complements its internal expertise by leveraging the experience
and knowledge of others. In 2013, Merck Serono delivered clear examples of this strategic priority, announc-
ing agreements with several companies and academic institutions around the world (for details see the
pipeline on page 70).

In April 2013, Merck and Quintiles, the world's largest provider of biopharmaceutical development and
commercial outsourcing services, announced a new, five-year clinical development agreement. This strategic
collaboration is the first of its kind between a biopharmaceutical company and a biopharmaceutical services
provider, integrating the expertise and experience of both organizations. This novel approach to clinical
development is founded on a shared commitment to cost-disciplined science. The collaboration is intended
to optimize productivity in the design and execution of clinical studies with a focus on quality, speed and
efficiency. Under the agreement, Merck Serono is shaping and leading the strategy of its clinical development
programs, with Quintiles directing clinical trial planning, design and execution, using highly efficient pro-
cesses and proven technologies.

In the course of 2013, Merck Serono further strengthened its global presence. In Darmstadt, the division
officially opened a biopharmaceutical R&D building. In Boston, the division's R&D site was renamed the EMD
Serono Research and Development Institute, and will accommodate more than 500 employees in the coming
years across the full R&D spectrum. Merck Serono continues to build on its 80-year history in China and sees
excellent opportunities to further strengthen its reputation as a partner in biopharma, a leader in R&D, and
an employer of choice for top talent in this market. The division's hub in Tokyo serves as a gateway to
northeast Asia, allowing the delivery of scientific and medical innovation of its pipeline to patients with
diseases that are of particular concern to this region.

Merck Serono strengthened its leadership team by appointing world-class physicians, scientists and
health care professionals to senior positions, including the Global Chief Medical Officer, and the Head of
Global Clinical Development, both of whom joined the organization in January 2014.

To further advance the field of medicine Merck sponsors research and advanced medical education
globally, reflecting our commitment to science, education and patient care. For example, Merck Serono sup-
ports outstanding extramural research projects through its Grant for Fertility Innovation and its Grant for
Multiple Sclerosis Innovation, which are both awarded annually and available to researchers and clinicians
worldwide. Similar annual Grants for Innovation were launched in 2013 in Oncology and Growth Disorders
and the first awards in these fields will be granted in 2014. Through contributions to multiple medical educa-
tion providers, Merck Serono supports the development and delivery of independent advanced medical
training for scientists, physicians, nurses, pharmacists, and other health care professionals. In 2013,
Merck Serono invested more than € 13 million in independent medical education programs and in grants
for innovation.

61


--- Page 31 ---

62 Merck 2013

Group Management Report

— Research and
Development at Merck

R&D focus: oncology,
immuno-oncology,
immunology and neuro-
logy

FIRE-3 study compared
Erbitux® and bevacizu-
mab

Overall, the global Merck Serono R&D organization is now well-positioned, with enhanced operational
effectiveness, an unwavering commitment to exceptional science, and a focus on delivering a pipeline that
will continuously bring innovation to the business and to patients.

The Merck Serono pipeline in 2013

Merck Serono's core R&D fields include oncology, immuno-oncology, immunology and neurology. The
development pipeline continues to be weighted towards oncology, however 2013 also saw important scientific
and business development advances in other areas. Merck Serono has an open collaborative model in R&D
and in reflection of this a number of collaborations were entered into during 2013, some of which are high-
lighted below.

In December 2013 the European Commission approved an amendment to the Erbitux® (cetuximab)
product information, updating the indication for Erbitux® to the treatment of patients with RAS wild-type
metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). The European Commission approval is based on the totality of data
emerging on the role of mCRC RAS tumor status in the benefit-risk profile of anti-EGFR monoclonal antibod-
ies. The approval primarily refers to new biomarker data from the OPUS (OxaliPlatin and cetUximab in first-line
treatment of mCRC) study. OPUS is a randomized, controlled, Phase II trial, involving 337 mCRC patients,
179 with KRAS wild-type (exon 2) tumors, demonstrating the efficacy of Erbitux® plus FOLFOX-4 (oxaliplatin-
based therapy) versus FOLFOX-4 alone. Results of a RAS tumor status analysis were presented at the Gastro-
intestinal Cancers Symposium (American Society of Clinical Oncology - GI meeting) in January 2014, in
San Francisco. Recent analyses of multiple studies evaluating monoclonal anti-epidermal growth factor
receptor (EGFR) antibodies, such as Erbitux®, examined KRAS wild-type tumor status (exon 2) for additional
RAS mutations (defined as mutations in exons 3 or 4 of KRAS and/or exons 2, 3 or 4 of NRAS). The results
from these studies suggest that patients with RAS wild-type tumors may benefit from treatment with
Erbitux®, while patients with RAS mutant tumors may not. The Summary of Product Characteristics of

Erbitux® has therefore now been updated as part of the European Commission approval.

Initial results of the independently run FIRE-3 study, a randomized, controlled, head-to-head Phase III
trial comparing Erbitux® and bevacizumab on top of standard chemotherapy (FOLFIRI) in patients with KRAS
wildtype metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC), were presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncol-
ogy (ASCO) meeting in 2013 by the German cooperative investigator group AIO. The study did not achieve
the primary endpoint as the objective response rate (ORR) was not significantly different for the two treat-
ment arms: 62% for Erbitux® combination versus 58% for bevacizumab combination. However, investigators
reported the median overall survival based on a 57% event rate was 28.7 months for the Erbitux® plus
FOLFIRI group versus 25.0 months for the bevacizumab plus FOLFIRI group. The toxicity profiles in the two
groups were manageable and as expected from previous studies.


--- Page 32 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Research and
Development at Merck

Phase II proof-of-con-
cept studies demonstrate
the clinical efficacy of
Symo04

TH-302 is currently
being tested in two
Phase III trials under
an SPA

Also at the 2013 ASCO meeting, data were presented from two proof-of-concept Phase II trials, evaluating
the safety and efficacy of Sym004, an early-stage development opportunity inlicensed from Symphogen, a
private Danish biopharmaceutical company developing recombinant antibody mixtures. Sym004 is a mixture
of two chimeric monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) against different parts of the Epidermal Growth Factor Recep-
tor (EGFR). Both mAbs bind EGFR with high affinity but have only limited preclinical activity individually.
Synergistic inhibition has however been demonstrated by the Sym004 mixture both in vitro and in vivo.
Results from a Phase II study in metastatic colorectal cancer showed clinical activity in anti-EGFR treat-
ment-refractory KRAS wild-type mCRC patients, warranting further development. No unexpected adverse
events were observed. In a Phase II study in squamous cell cancer of the head and neck (SCCHN), Sym004
demonstrated clinical activity in heavily pretreated patients with advanced SCCHN previously progressing on,
or after therapy with already available anti-EGFR mAbs. No unexpected toxicities were reported.

Turning to TH-302, an investigational hypoxia-targeted drug, the global Phase Ill MAESTRO study was
launched in late 2013, to assess its efficacy and safety in combination with gemcitabine, in patients with
previously untreated, locally advanced unresectable or metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. This followed
a positive Phase II study in this indication which was reported at the American Association for Cancer
Research (AACR) meeting in 2012. MAESTRO is a randomized, placebo-controlled, international, multi-center,
double-blind Phase III trial of TH-302 plus gemcitabine compared with placebo plus gemcitabine and is tar-
geted to enroll 660 patients. The primary efficacy endpoint is overall survival and secondary endpoints
include progression-free survival (PFS), overall response rate and disease control rate, as well as assessments
of safety and tolerability, pharmacokinetics and biomarkers. The study is being conducted under a Special
Protocol Assessment (SPA) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). An SPA is a review conducted
by FDA on a clinical trial that will form the primary basis of an efficacy claim in a marketing application.
MAESTRO is the second Phase III study of TH-302 since there is already an ongoing study in soft tissue sar-
coma patients assessing the efficacy and safety of TH-302 in combination with doxorubicin. This trial is
targeted to enroll 620 patients in order to investigate the effect in overall survival for patients being treated
with the combination. This trial is being conducted by Threshold Inc. also under an SPA with the U.S. FDA.

In the first quarter of 2013 Merck announced that its Phase Ill CENTRIC study of the investigational
integrin inhibitor cilengitide given in combination with standard chemoradiotherapy for patients with newly
diagnosed glioblastoma (brain tumors) and methylated MGMT gene promoter status, did not reach its primary
endpoint of significantly increasing overall survival. The trial was conducted in partnership with the European
Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC), and its results were presented at the ASCO
meeting in June 2013. In view of the results of this study, Merck decided to discontinue the overall develop-
ment program for cilengitide.

63


--- Page 33 ---

64

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Research and
Development at Merck

START2 is investigating
the efficacy, safety and
tolerability of tecemot-
ide

Phase I trial on pima-
sertib in combination
with hDM2 inhibitor
started

Fully dedicated immuno-
oncology translational
innovation platform
created

Tecemotide, a MUC1 antigen-specific cancer immunotherapy (formerly referred to as Stimuvax and L-BLP25)
is being investigated in patients with inoperable locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In
September, Merck announced its decision to proceed with a new Phase Ill study: START2 which is planned to
include around 1,000 patients. This was based on the results of the Phase III START study, which were also
presented at the ASCO 2013 annual meeting, as well as on consultation with certain regulatory authorities.
While the primary endpoint of the START study was not met, a post-hoc analysis of a large predefined sub-
group of patients from the study (consisting of 853 patients), who had received initial concurrent chemo-
radiotherapy (CRT) followed by tecemotide, demonstrated longer overall survival compared to those who had
received concurrent CRT plus placebo (30.8 months, versus 20.6 months; p=0.016). START2 is a randomized,
double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter Phase III trial designed to assess the efficacy, safety and toler-
ability of tecemotide in patients with unresectable, locally advanced NSCLC who showed response or stable
disease after at least two cycles of platinum-based concurrent CRT. Concurrent CRT is the current standard
of care for these patients. The primary endpoint of START2 is overall survival. Merck received scientific advice
from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the program, and reached an agreement with the U.S. FDA
on an SPA for this study.

Also during the ASCO 2013 meeting in June 2013 data were presented from two pimasertib trials. Results
from a Phase | trial in combination with Sanofi's dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor (SAR245409) in advanced solid
tumors showed that continuous daily dosing of pimasertio and SAR245409 is tolerated and has shown signs
of activity. In addition, results from the ongoing study of pimasertib in combination with gemcitabine in
patients with pancreatic cancer showed activity at a dose of 60 mg twice per day, and this is now being
investigated further in this indication. In the fourth quarter of 2013 an additional Phase | trial was initiated
of pimasertib in combination with Sanofi's hDM2 inhibitor (SAR405838) in patients with solid tumors.

In June Merck Serono announced its commitment to the field of cancer immunotherapy by creating a fully
dedicated immuno-oncology translational innovation platform (or TIP) integrating research, early develop-
ment and biomarker strategies. In addition to the division's existing oncology platform, this new immuno-
oncology platform is focusing on developing therapies that leverage the immune system's natural ability to
fight tumors, and work in combination with existing and future therapies in the following areas:

> Therapeutic cancer vaccines: targeting tumor antigens to elicit a tumor-specific immune response
— Cancer stem cells: targeting cancer stem cells to prevent or reduce tumor formation and inhibit
metastases
—+ Immunotolerance: eliminating or circumventing inhibitory mechanisms in the immune system that
prevent cancer cells from being recognized and attacked by the body


--- Page 34 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Research and
Development at Merck

Team of internal
researchers and
external clinicians
building a portfolio
of investigational
immunotherapies

To ensure a broad immuno-oncology research and early development platform, an in-house team of
researchers and clinicians has been assembled to build a portfolio of investigational immunotherapies, while
collaborating with leading academic, research and industry organizations to complement internal capabilities.
The current immuno-oncology portfolio comprises a robust pipeline of preclinical molecules as well as several
therapeutic candidates in early clinical development (Phase |) in solid tumors, including:

—+ Anti-PD-L1, a monoclonal antibody targeting PD-L1 (programmed cell death ligand) expressed by various
tumors

— NHS-IL12, a cancer immunotherapy targeting IL-12 to the necrotic regions of tumors, sponsored by the
U.S. National Cancer Institute (NCI)

— NHS-IL2, targeting IL-2 to the necrotic regions of tumors

Merck's approach is to develop immunotherapies that can be combined with other therapeutic modalities,
bearing in mind that attacking multiple cancer targets simultaneously increases the possibility of therapeutic
success.

Several collaborations between Merck and other organizations were announced in the field of oncology
throughout 2013. These included:

— Acollaboration to run innovative projects in oncology under the roof of an innovation center operated
by BioMed X GmbH on the campus of the University of Heidelberg. The objective is to seed and boost
early stage research projects in the field of oncology. This new research lab will establish a new way of
fostering innovation, a concept that has been co-developed by Merck Serono and BioMed X. It will allow
Merck Serono to run research projects with interdisciplinary project teams of young talented scientists
recruited worldwide and coached by a supervisor from the division, in the vibrant environment of an
open-innovation lab facility.

Selvita, a biotechnology company based in Krakow, Poland, in the field of joint discovery and lead

optimization for small-molecule-based drugs targeting proteins involved in cancer cell metabolism. The
partners plan to target key metabolic pathways involved in sustaining growth and the proliferation of
cancer cells with the aim of delivering potential first-in-class candidate drugs for multiple oncology
indications.

65


--- Page 35 ---

66

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

— Research and
Development at Merck

Merck Serono is moving
ahead to develop a
Biosimilars portfolio

Plovamer acetate enters
Phase II trials

» BeiGene Co., Ltd., a biotech research and development company based in China. In 2013, Merck entered
into two agreements with this company to co-develop, and commercialize two molecules for the treat-
ment of cancer: BeiGene-283, a second-generation BRAF inhibitor that is currently in preclinical develop-
ment. BRAF is a protein that is a downstream component of the MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase)
signaling pathway, which is thought to promote cancer cell growth, and that is dysregulated in a number
of human cancers. BeiGene-290, a potent poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) inhibitor which is cur-
rently in preclinical development. PARP inhibitors target an enzyme family which is involved in a number
of cellular processes, including DNA repair and programmed cell death.

— Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO) in the area of cancer drug development. The agreement
builds upon CNIO's research discoveries to encourage the development and commercialization of new
compounds. As part of the agreement Merck has been granted exclusive rights to develop and com-
mercialize CNIO's new inhibitors of the ataxia telangiectasia and Rad3-related (ATR) kinase. This enzyme
has an important role in the response to DNA damage and in facilitating cell survival. Due to the fact that
tumor cells accumulate more DNA damage than healthy cells, blocking ATR kinase activity with selective
inhibitors is a strategy worth investigating further for specific tumor types.

The division is moving ahead with the development of a portfolio of biosimilar compounds applicable to vari-
ous disease areas including oncology and rheumatology.

Turning to the multiple sclerosis (MS) field, ONO-4641 (ceralifimod), a sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor
modulator, showed positive results in the Phase I] DreaMS study in patients with relapsing MS, and these
were presented at the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) annual meeting in 2012. In 2013 further
studies, both non-clinical and clinical, were performed and provided more information on efficacy, safety and
the potential for differentiation of this agent, including 12-month results from an ongoing blind DreaMS
extension study presented at the 29th annual meeting of the European Committee for Treatment and
Research in Multiple Sclerosis (ECTRIMS) in October. Merck Serono is in discussions with certain regulatory
authorities concerning potential Phase Ill study designs. The final decision about the future of the Phase III
program will be made in the second quarter of 2014.

One project in the MS field advanced into Phase Il in the fourth quarter of 2013, namely plovamer acetate,
a second-generation peptide copolymer immunomodulator. This study is targeted to include 550 patients
with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) in over 120 centers internationally. In addition an immune-
tolerizing agent known as ATX-MS-1467, which is intended to reduce an inappropriate immune response
against certain components of the patient's own nervous tissue, completed Phase | testing and is being
prepared for a proof of principle Phase Ila study in patients with RRMS. This is scheduled to start in the first
half of 2014.


--- Page 36 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Research and
Development at Merck

Merck receives license
option from Opexa
Therapeutics

In Immunology, Merck
is focusing on the devel-
opment of sprifermin

New Phase II trial for
atacicept started

Early in 2013 Merck announced that it had been granted an option by Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. for the
development and commercialization of Tcelna™ (imilecleucel-T), as a potential first-in-class therapy for
patients suffering from MS. Tcelna™ is being developed by Opexa and currently is in a Phase IIb clinical trial
in patients with secondary progressive MS (SPMS). It is being developed as a personalized therapy specifically
tailored to each patient's individual disease profile and has been evaluated in Phase | and II clinical studies in
MS. Tcelna™ has received Fast Track Designation from the U.S. FDA as a potential treatment for SPMS.

In the fourth quarter of 2013 Merck Serono signed a memorandum of understanding with the Israel
biotech company Kadimastem, which develops human pluripotent stem cell-related products. The aim is to
utilize the screening platform of Kadimastem to characterize new compounds which could act as remyelinat-
ing agents in MS; as well as to possibly extend the collaboration into related fields like amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis (a form of motor neuron disease).

In the field of Immunology, Merck decided to focus the development of its investigational drug sprifermin
(recombinant human FGF-18) on the osteoarthritis (OA) indication and to embark on a new multinational
Phase IIb study known as FORWARD in patients with OA of the knee. This is being performed as part of a
strategic alliance on sprifermin that Merck entered into in early 2013 with Nordic Bioscience Clinical Develop-
ment A/S of Denmark. Sprifermin is a protein thought to stimulate cells known as chondrocytes to synthesize
cartilage matrix and to renew themselves. The alliance draws on the joint expertise and resources of Merck
and Nordic Bioscience which will provide clinical development services to Merck on a shared-risk basis. Merck
retains full responsibility for the development and commercialization of sprifermin. The FORWARD study
further evaluates sprifermin for inhibition of the progression of structural damage, reduction of pain and
improvement of physical function in patients with OA of the knee. This study was initiated in the third quarter
of 2013 and is planned to include over 500 patients.

Merck is currently investigating atacicept (anti-Blys/anti-APRIL fusion protein) for the treatment of
systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Clinical and biomarker results from the APRIL SLE Phase II study of
atacicept were presented at the Annual Meeting of the European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) in
June 2013. APRIL SLE was a double-blind, placebo-controlled study assessing the therapeutic value of atacicept
in SLE. While no statistically significant difference was observed in the number of patients experiencing a
disease flare between atacicept 75 mg and placebo during the 52 week treatment period (primary endpoint),
post hoc analyses suggested that treatment with the 150-mg dose of atacicept was associated with a
reduced number of patients experiencing SLE flares versus placebo (36.6% versus 54.1%). Based on the
totality of data from the APRIL SLE study Merck decided to proceed to a new Phase II study: ADDRESS II. This
is a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to further assess the efficacy and safety of atacicept at two doses
(75 mg and 150 mg given subcutaneously once per week) in reducing SLE disease activity in patients receiving
standard-of-care therapy. The primary endpoint of the study will investigate the effect of atacicept in reduc-
ing disease activity.

67


--- Page 37 ---

68 Merck 2013

Group Management Report

— Research and
Development at Merck

FDA granted approval
for Gonal-f® RFF Redi-
ject™

Fertility research
remains an important
R&D focus

Grant for Fertility Inno-
vation award promotes
translational fertility
research projects

In early 2013 Merck and the Feinstein Institute for Medical Research, the research division of the North
Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System in New York, announced that they will collaborate to develop anti-
bodies as potential treatments of SLE. This collaboration allows Merck Serono to further strengthen its
research in SLE with the intention of developing new treatments for this disease.

In March, Merck Serono announced the creation of Calypso Biotech in Geneva, Switzerland, a spin-off
company resulting from its Entrepreneur Partnership Program (EPP) which was launched in April 2012.
Formed around an R&D portfolio in the field of inflammatory bowel diseases, Calypso will target selected
niche indications with high unmet medical needs.

Merck Serono has a strong legacy in fertility and continues to pioneer innovative science that advances
its goal of improving pregnancy outcomes and “take home baby rates". Gonal-f® (recombinant follitropin alfa
for injection) is prescribed to supplement or replace naturally occurring follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH),
an essential hormone widely used to treat infertility. In the fourth quarter Merck Serono announced that the
U.S. FDA granted approval for Gonal-f® RFF Redi-ject™ (follitropin alfa injection), a disposable pre-filled
injection device intended for the subcutaneous injection of a liquid formulation of Gonal-f® RFF (Revised
Formulation Female). This pen is part of a global product franchise of ready-to-use pens with demonstrated
dose accuracy designed for patient self-administration of Merck's fertility hormones (gonadotropins). Merck
Serono is continuously innovating to improve its injection devices in order to meet the needs of patients and
health care professionals alike.

Fertility research continues to be an important focus of R&D innovation. In December 2013 Merck Serono
announced the creation of TocopheRx, a Boston-based spin-off company resulting from its EPP, and is seed
financed by MS Ventures. TocopheRx, the eighth spin-off in the EPP will focus on an oral follicle-stimulating
hormone (FSH) agonist for treatment of infertility, a promising early asset that could help couples seeking
solutions for fertility problems. An oral FSH agonist would have obvious advantages to the patient since
injections of this hormone would be avoided. TocopheRx will advance Merck Serono's preclinical program
towards clinical testing, bringing forward an innovative Merck Serono investigational asset through exter-
nalization in a capital-efficient manner. This project demonstrates Merck's continued commitment to
developing the next-generation of infertility treatments and required technologies to improve the success
rate of in vitro fertilization procedures as well as patient convenience.

Merck announced its strong support for the Grant for Fertility Innovation (GFI) award with grants totaling
up to € 4 million for the years 2013/2014. The announcement was made during the 29th annual meeting of
the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE). Launched in 2009, the GFI is dedi-
cated to transforming innovative translational fertility research projects into concrete health solutions to
improve the outcomes of assisted reproductive technologies (ART). In the last five years, more than 600 appli-
cations were received from over 50 countries around the world, and 26 projects from 16 countries were
awarded grants totaling € 6 million. Merck Serono has recently launched similar Grants for Innovation in the
fields of multiple sclerosis, oncology and growth disorders. The first four awards of the Grant for Multiple
Sclerosis Innovation (GMSI) were presented on the occasion of the 29th annual meeting of ECTRIMS in
Copenhagen in October 2013.


--- Page 38 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Research and
Development at Merck

Israel Bioincubator fur-
ther expanded in 2013

New easypod® system
introduced to the Euro-
pean market

Merck Serono entered into several collaborations relevant across all of its core R&D fields of Oncology,
Immuno-oncology, Immunology and Neurology, as follows:

—> Merck and Ablynx announced in the third quarter of 2013 that they have further expanded their relation-
ship through a research alliance that could lead to several co-discovery and co-development collabora-
tions. Merck Serono will fund a dedicated discovery group at Ablynx to develop Nanobodies® against a
number of targets of interest to Merck Serono.

— Merck and Open Monoclonal Technology, Inc., a leader in the genetic engineering of animals for the
development of human therapeutic antibodies, announced the expansion of the collaboration agreement
they entered into in 2012. Merck Serono will now have unlimited access to the OmniRat™ technology
platform.

— Merck Serono announced a five-year strategic partnership broadening its collaboration with the Lead
Discovery Center GmbH (LDC), Dortmund, Germany, a renowned translational research organization. The
new agreement integrates the expertise and resources of both organizations to expedite the discovery
and development of therapeutic candidates in diseases with high unmet medical needs in areas of interest
to Merck Serono. The first project under the new agreement is in immunology and emerged from an
ongoing collaboration of LDC with the Max-Planck researcher and Nobel Laureate Professor Robert
Huber.

Merck Serono's Israel Bioincubator continued to develop in 2013. The Bioincubator is financed by the € 10 mil-
lion Merck Serono Ventures Israel Bioincubator and is focused on preseed and seed opportunities originating
in Israel. In addition to housing Neviah Genomics, the following two companies joined in late 2013:
Metabomed, which focuses on research in the field of cancer metabolism and computational biology; and
ChanBio, which focuses on the discovery of antibodies selective for ion channels, considered to be potential
therapeutic targets for the treatment of MS.

In the field of growth disorders, an updated version of the easypod® system for use in European markets
was presented in September 2013 on the occasion of the 9th Joint Meeting of Paediatric Endocrinology
organized by the European Society for Paediatric Endocrinology (ESPE). The easypod® system is an electronic,
fully automated recombinant human growth hormone injection device that provides accurate data on treat-
ment adherence. The new easypod® system provides information to help physicians address the issues of
poor patient compliance and low adherence rates that are often associated with growth hormone (GH)
therapy.

69


--- Page 39 ---

70 Merck 2013

Group Management Report

— Research and
Development at Merck

Merck Serono pipeline, as of December 31, 2013

Therapeutic area Compound Indication Status
Neurodegenerative ONO-4641
diseases (ceralifimod, oral S1P receptor modulator) Multiple sclerosis Phase I
Plovamer acetate
(Pl-2301, second-generation peptide copolymer) Multiple sclerosis Phase I
ATX-MS-1467 (immune-tolerizing agent) Multiple sclerosis Phase |
Oncology Filed
Erbitux® (cetuximab, anti-EGFR mAb) Head and neck cancer in China
TH-302 (hypoxia-targeted drug) Soft tissue sarcoma Phase III
TH-302 (hypoxia-targeted drug) Pancreatic cancer Phase III
TH-302 (hypoxia-targeted drug) Hematological malignancies and solid tumors Phase |
DI17E6 (Anti-integrin mAb) Colorectal cancer Phase I
DI17E6 (Anti-integrin mAb) Castration-resistant prostate cancer Phase II
Pimasertib (MEK inhibitor)/gemcitabine combination Pancreatic cancer Phase I
Pimasertib (MEK inhibitor) Malignant melanoma Phase I
Pimasertib/PI3K inhibitor novel combination Low grade ovarian cancer Phase I’
Pimasertib/PI3K inhibitor novel combination Solid tumors Phase |"
Pimasertib/hDM2 inhibitor combination Solid tumors Phase |?
C-Met kinase inhibitor Solid tumors Phase |
Sym004 (anti-EGRF mAb mixture) Head and neck cancer Phase I
Sym004 (anti-EGRF mAb mixture) Solid tumors Phase |
P7056K and Akt inhibitor Solid tumors Phase |
Immuno-Oncology NHS-IL2 (cancer immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase |
NHS-IL12 (cancer immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase |?
Anti-PD-L1 mAb Solid tumors Phase |
Tecemotide (L-BLP25, MUC1-antigen-specific
cancer immunotherapy) Non-small cell lung cancer Phase III*
Immunology Atacicept (antiBlys/anti-APRIL fusion protein) Systemic lupus erythematosus Phase IIS
Sprifermin (FGF-18) Osteoarthritis Phase Il®
Endocrinology Kuvan® (sapropterin dihydrochloride) PKU in pediatric patients < 4 years Phase III?

Combined with PI3K/mTOR inhibitor (SAR245409) from Sanofi, conducted under the responsibility of Merck SIP: Sphingosine-1-phosphate

2 Combined with hDM2 inhibitor (SAR405838) from Sanofi, conducted under the responsibility of Sanofi

MEK: Mitogen-activated protein kinase

®Sponsored by the National Cancer Institute (USA)
*START2 study in preparation, INSPIRE study ongoing
SADDRESS II study in preparation
"FORWARD study

Post-approval request by the European Medicines Agency

More information on the ongoing clinical trials can be found at www.clinicaltrials.gov

PI3K:
hDM2:
C-Met:
EGFR:
Akt:
PD-Li:
PKU:
uct
Blys:
APRIL:
FGF:

Phosphoinositide 3-kinase
Human double minute 2 oncogene
Mesenchymal-epithelial transition proto-oncogene
Epidermal growth factor receptor

Protein kinase B

Programmed cell death ligand

Phenylketonuria

Mucin 1

B-lymphocyte stimulator

AB cell proliferation-inducing ligand

Fibroblast growth factor


--- Page 40 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Research and
Development at Merck

Number of employees in
ReD: 105

R&D spending in 2013:
€ 17.1 million

Number of employees in
ReD: 429

R&D spending in 2013:
€ 143.0 million

In 2013, the Liquid
Crystals business unit
developed an initial
prototype of a

3D television that does
not require glasses

OLEDs are being used
in the latest technical
applications, for
instance smartwatches

Consumer Health

In its Consumer Health division, Merck markets over-the-counter medicines and food supplements in Europe
- primarily for France, Germany, and the United Kingdom - as well as in Emerging Markets, where sales
volumes are rising.

Consumer Health research and development activities focus on constantly improving tried and proven
formulations consistent with the needs of consumers. At the same time, the division is further developing
its established brand-name products by making them simpler to use and by offering accompanying services.
Consumer Health products include Bion®3, Nasivin®, Femibion®, Seven Seas®, Sangobion®, Cebion®, Sedalmerck®
and Kytta®.

Performance Materials

Merck is the undisputed market and technology leader in liquid crystals, which are primarily used in televi-
sions and mobile communication applications. We are also one of the leading suppliers of functional and
decorative effect pigments. Our high-tech materials and solutions are used by customers from the consumer
electronics, lighting, printing technology, plastics applications, and cosmetics industries. Within Performance
Materials, Merck is also focusing on the growth dynamics of emerging markets.

Liquid Crystals

In addition to developing new liquid crystal mixtures and individual LC substances to further develop prod-
ucts for television and mobile applications, the Liquid Crystals business unit is also focusing on materials that
will enable information to be presented in true 3D, using technologies such as holographic displays. The
division is furthermore working on the development of technologies for liquid crystal displays that will pro-
vide a realistic 3D viewing experience without the glasses required by current 3D televisions. In 2013, Merck
developed an initial prototype of this new generation of televisions. All research and development activities
pertaining to the liquid crystals of tomorrow have been consolidated under the LC2021 initiative.

Merck is also developing liquid crystals for entirely new applications. Liquid crystals can be used in items
such as smart windows to regulate the transmission of light and heat through building facades. Merck is
working together with architects and glass manufacturers on the windows of the future. Besides remote
control features, liquid crystals provide flexibility in selecting the color as well as integrating windows into
existing facades, and they also help save energy. Whether installing windows in new buildings or replacing
old windows, liquid crystals offer a sustainable, innovative solution for the future.

OLEDs
Organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) are used in innovative lighting applications and display technologies.
They provide brilliant colors and sharp images from any viewing angle; they have a long lifespan and are
highly energy efficient. In addition, OLEDs enable round or flexible displays, making them perfect for use in
the latest technical applications. One such example is the smartwatch, a wristwatch that provides additional
computer functionality along with Internet access.

The Merck product line for these types of applications is called livilux®. Merck has developed a strong
portfolio of worldwide patents, based on more than ten years of experience.

n


--- Page 41 ---

72

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

— Research and
Development at Merck

Effect pigments in the
Meoxal® family are suit-
able for a wide variety
of high-performance
applications

Development partnerships with customers are a way of testing new technologies and making them market-
ready. For instance, with printer manufacturer Seiko Epson, the Performance Materials division has co-
developed a technology that can be used to print OLED displays. While Merck contributed its expertise in
vacuum research and ink development to the collaboration, Seiko Epson contributed its expertise in print
heads featuring micro piezo inkjet technology. This jointly developed technology offers the advantage of
lower costs and higher material efficiency since, in contrast to vapor-deposited OLED displays, printed OLED
displays are produced at room temperature in a non-toxic atmosphere. In addition, this technique only
deposits material in the areas where diodes are actually located.

High-quality pigments and functional materials
This broad term stands for high-quality decorative effect pigments and functional materials used in applica
tions such as laser marking, conductive coatings, and heat-reflective glazing for greenhouses.

The Meoxal® brand is the latest development in effect pigments. These pigments captivate with their
brilliant color saturation and exceptional performance, thanks to their innovative layer technology and the
use of aluminum flakes as substrate. They are highly suitable for a multitude of high-performance applica-
tions, especially for automotive and plastic coatings. The first pigments in the new brand family - Meoxal®
Wahiba Orange and Taklamakan Gold - were launched in the second quarter of 2013. The first examples of
their practical application were showcased at the 2013 International Motor Show (IAA) in Frankfurt am Main.

The portfolio also includes cosmetic actives. For instance, 2013 saw the launch of RonaCare® Poppy SE,
the innovative skin-firming product made from natural poppy seed extract. Besides skin-firming properties,
skin protection and color adaptation are also topics of focus. Sun-tanned skin remains an ideal of beauty in
western societies. To meet this need, Merck has developed RonaCare® Bronzy|™, which stimulates the produc-
tion of melanin, the skin's natural tanning process. The opposite effect can be achieved with RonaCare®
Pristine Bright™. This product supports a light skin tone, which is highly esteemed particularly in Asian
cultures.


--- Page 42 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Research and
Development at Merck

Number of employees in
R&D: 778

R&D spending in 2013:
€ 159.8 million

The Clarisolve® system
is one of the latest
products launched by
the Process Solutions
business unit

Merck Millipore

Within the Merck Millipore division, we are working with our customers to develop innovative solutions for
the research, development and production of biopharmaceuticals and biotech processes worldwide.

Lab Solutions

In 2013, the Lab Solutions business unit developed the EZ-product family. It comprises the EZ-Fit™ Manifold,
the EZ-Pak® Dispenser Curve, the EZ-Stream™ Pump, and the EZ-Fluo™ Rapid Detection System. The aim of
these products is to streamline the bioburden analysis workflow. The EZ-Fit™ Manifold makes laboratory
filtration easier thanks to its unique design that permits assembly and disassembly without tools, access to
all internal areas for easy cleaning, and a low profile to increase operator comfort. Different filtration heads,
all with quick-fit connections, make the manifold compatible with disposable filtration devices, stainless steel
and glass funnels. The EZ-Pak® Dispenser Curve provides high-speed sterile membrane dispensing with
no-touch operation. With the efficient EZ-Stream™ Pump, filtered fluids flow directly through the pump to
waste, eliminating the need for intermediate waste containers. The pump is designed for quiet operation, and
the vacuum level is compliant with regulatory standards. The EZ-product family is complemented by the
EZ-Fluo™ Rapid Detection System, an easy-to-use, non-destructive, fluorescent staining-based system for
rapid detection and quantification of microbial contamination in filterable samples.

Process Solutions

The Process Solutions business unit is also continuously working to develop new products. For instance,
Clarisolve® Depth Filters, used in cell culture processing, were launched in September 2013. Their greater
volumetric capacity and reduced turbidity over currently available depth filters significantly improve the
clarification of pretreated feed streams. In addition, the Clarisolve® system does not require a secondary
stage of clarification, while eliminating the need for centrifugation and reducing the pre-use flushing volume
by up to 93%. This lowers the environmental burden and helps customers to improve overall process
economics. In December 2013, Clarisolve® Depth Filters received an Innovation Award from "Pharmaceutical
Manufacturing Magazine", a U.S. trade publication.

Bioscience

The Bioscience business unit is a prime example of innovation. For instance, Merck Millipore has developed,
among others, the Muse™ Cell Analyzer, which is one of the world's leading analytical devices. The Muse™
Cell Analyzer provides real-time, multidimensional information on cell populations. This semistationary flow
cytometer enables faster, more accurate decision-making based on greater insight into cell health. Asa result,
the speed and efficiency of cell analysis are enhanced. In 2013, the Muse™ Cell Analyzer was presented with
the renowned silver R&D Magazine 100 Award (Stevie Award), as well as the Good Design Award of the
Chicago Athenaeum: Museum of Architecture and Design.

73


--- Page 43 ---

74

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

— Research and
Development at Merck

Collaborations: Efficiency and innovation through partnerships

It is not always possible to precisely plan the process of researching and developing new products and
solutions. Nevertheless, we aim to improve the efficiency of our R&D activities in this respect, which is why
we are constantly enhancing our organization and also engaging in new types of collaborative
partnerships.

Through our collaboration activities, we constantly maintain contact with leading scientists at universi-
ties and institutes worldwide. For example, Merck is a partner in the Industrial Liaison Program of the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the United States, and we cooperate with the University of
Heidelberg. In addition, we collaborate within the scope of initiatives and joint projects funded, for instance,
by the European Union or German federal ministries.

Further collaborations formed in 2013:

— In April 2013, Merck inaugurated its "New Business R&D and Application Lab" in Taiwan. The aim of the
laboratory is to work with customers locally to develop materials and first-rate services for the develop-
ment of OLED panels, LED lighting, 3D technology and flexible displays. This will make it possible to
considerably shorten new product development lead times.

— In May 2013, Merck announced the launch of a project sponsored by the German Federal Ministry of
Education and Research (BMBF) to develop high-efficiency cobalt-based dye-sensitized solar cells. Merck,
the consortium leader, is participating in the research project together with 3GSolar from Jerusalem,
Israel, and Color Synthesis Solutions Ltd. (CSS) from Manchester, United Kingdom. The partners to the
project are pursuing the goal of significantly increasing the efficiency and stability of dye-sensitized solar
cells.

+ In July 2013, Merck entered into a partnership with the Kymeta Corporation, a company headquartered
in the United States. Kymeta is developing ultra-thin antennae for satellite communication that are based
on liquid crystal technology. Liquid crystals allow these antennae to be made in such a way that they can
someday be used for satellite communication in moving objects such as cars, planes, and trains.

+ In November 2013, Merck announced the start of the POPUP research project funded by the German
Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF). This aims to help achieve the breakthrough of organic
photovoltaics (OPV). The research consortium coordinated by Merck consists of ten technology leaders
working in various areas of OPV. The objectives of POPUP are to develop significantly more efficient and
stable OPV materials for cost-effective industrial printing and coating processes.


--- Page 44 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Research and
Development at Merck

>» In December 2013, Merck joined forces with market-leading partners from the automobile industry to
launch a project sponsored by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF). This initia-
tive aims to develop liquid crystal-based headlight systems with components that can be selectively
turned on or off to provide optimal illumination, for instance during complex traffic situations.

MS Ventures is a strategic corporate venture capital fund that makes early-stage investments in innovative
biotech firms. The investments focus on Merck Serono's fields of research and therapy. The fund was set up
in 2009. In order for Merck Serono to be able to invest more in early innovation, in 2013 the size of MS
Ventures was increased to € 100 million. In addition, MS Ventures also manages the € 10 million MS Israel
Bioincubator Fund as well as spin-off companies funded through the € 30 million Entrepreneur Partnership
Program.

Open Innovation: In 2013, a total of 30 students from around the world participated for the third time in
the one-week Merck Serono Innovation Cup. The winning team developed a convincing business plan for a
new approach to enhance the efficacy of cancer vaccines. Internal R&D experts are currently looking at ways
to advance the idea. Apart from competitions, Merck also offers attractive open innovation opportunities to
talented future scientists, for example via the University of Heidelberg and MIT in the United States.

75


--- Page 45 ---

76 Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Merck Shares

At a glance

In 2013, the Merck share price rose by more than 30%, thus outperforming the DAX® by five percentage
points. Merck shares were six percentage points stronger than the relevant pharmaceutical industry index
and also outperformed the relevant chemical industry index by nearly 17 percentage points. Reaching an
annual high of € 130.50 at the beginning of December 2013, Merck shares also hit a new all-time high, closing
not far from this level at € 130.25 at the end of December 2013.

The average daily trading volume decreased by 25%, from around 300,000 in 2012 to more than 230,000
shares in 2013. The North America region continued to dominate with around 43% of shares in free float,
slightly down compared to 51% in 2012. By investor type, GARP (growth at reasonable price) and value
investors dominated, as in 2012. At the end of 2013, the top five investors held around 28% of the free float*.

Share price development from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013

Jan. Feb.» Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul.» Aug. + Sep.» Oct.-+ Nov.» Dec.

35%

30%

25%

20%

15%

10%

5%

0%

-5%

10%

Source: Bloomberg (closing rates)

Biverck — fJoaxe [isc European Pharma Index fl] Dow Jones European Chemical Index

“Relative to the Group's net shareholding


--- Page 46 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Merck Shares

Share data!

2013 2012
Dividend /€ 1.90 1.70
Share price high le 130.50 106.55
Share price low l€ 97.06 72.37
Year-end share price l€ 130.25 99.83
Daily average number of Merck shares traded? [in units 234,308 310,608
Market capitalization® (at year-end) | € million 28,315 21,702
Market value of authorized shares* (at year-end) / € million 8,417 6,451

'Share-price relevant figures relate to the closing price in XETRA® trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange
2Based on the floor trading systems of all German exchanges and the regulated market on XETRA®

Based on the theoretical number of shares (217.4 million)

“Based on the number of shares in free float (64.6 million)

Source: Bloomberg, Thomson

Identified investors by region as of December 2013

1 North America 43%
2 United Kingdom 18%
3 German Retail/Undisclosed 10%
4 Germany 11%
5 Rest of Europe 14%
6 Rest of World 3%

Source: King Worldwide (as of December 2013)
Total number of shares outstanding: 64,621,126

Identified investors by type as of December 2013

1. GARP (Growth at reasonable pice) 36%
2 Value 25%
3 Growth 139%
4 Index 15%
5 Hedge 6%
6 Other 5%

Source: King Worldwide (as of December 2013)


--- Page 47 ---

78

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Emerging economies
main driver of
pharmaceutical market
growth

LC remains dominant
display technology

Report on Economic Position
Macroeconomic and sector-specific environment

The year 2013 was marked by a strengthening in advanced economies and a slowdown of growth in emerging
markets. However, emerging markets continued to account for the bulk of global growth. According to projec-
tions by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), global gross domestic product (GDP) increased by 2.9% in
2013. While advanced economies only generated an increase of 1.2%, the GDP of emerging economies and
developing countries grew by 4.5%.

The GDP of the United States, the world's largest economy, grew by 1.6% in 2013, a lower rate than
expected a year ago. Growth in the United States was hampered by the fiscal consolidation and conflicts over
the increasing debt ceiling. For the eurozone, the IMF noted a decline in gross domestic product by 0.4%.
While the southern European countries still struggled, the core economies showed signs of recovery. Spurred
by fiscal policy changes, Japan also showed signs of economic recovery.

The overall global trends and increased weight of emerging markets are supporting the development at
Merck, with the Emerging Markets region contributing around three-quarters of total organic sales growth
in 2013.

Pharmaceutical market

IMS Health, a provider of market information for the health care industry, reported a 2.9% increase in
pharmaceutical market sales in 2013. This growth was driven by emerging economies; among others the
Chinese pharmaceutical market grew by 14.5% and the Latin American market grew by 10.8%. By contrast,
due to continued cost-containment measures and patent expiries, the U.S. and EU markets declined slightly.
Remarkably, the global market for multiple sclerosis treatments, which includes Merck Serono's top-selling
product Rebif®, grew by 10%, which was significantly above the market average, among others spurred by
recent launches of new products according to research by Evaluate Pharma.

The pharmaceutical research firm Nicholas Hall reported that the over-the-counter (OTC) drug market
grew by 4.7% in the year 2013. The growth was driven by Latin America and Asia, while Europe, where the
Consumer Health division generates the largest share of its sales, grew by 3.7% in 2013.

Markets for high-tech materials

With its Liquid crystals business Merck is the leading supplier of LC mixtures to the display industry, which
experienced a sluggish year in 2013 after years of significant growth. The market analysis provided by Display
Search came to the conclusion that only a slight increase of 1.4% in the annual area of flat panel display
shipments in 2013 occurred. Notably, with more than 90% of the total market, LC remains the dominant
display technology with TV display size as the major growth driver.


--- Page 48 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Macroeconomic and sector-
specific environment

Modest development
in U.S. and European
laboratory products
market

Cosmetics and automotive coatings represent major markets for Merck's Pigments business. The German
Automotive Industry Association (VDA) reported a positive development for global sales of passenger cars,
which exceeded expectations and grew by 5% in 2013. The growth was driven by the U.S. (+7%) and China
(+21%) with China becoming the world's largest market for passenger cars, while markets in Japan and
western Europe slightly declined.

Life science market

Within the life science sector, the Merck Millipore division is a leading supplier of products and services
which are used in the research, development and production of biotech and pharmaceutical drugs as well
as general laboratory applications.

The market researchers from Frost & Sullivan reported modest growth of 1.2% for the global laboratory
products market in 2013, below last year's expectations. Significant differences in growth between regions
existed: Markets in Europe (+0.1%) and the United States (+0.3%) remain challenging due to uncertain eco-
nomic conditions and due to budget sequestration measures in the academic and governmental sectors in
the United States. Emerging economies and developing countries grew significantly faster, however, with
approximately 11% of the global market volume remaining relatively small in size.

Dependent on the sales and R&D spending of pharmaceutical companies, the market for Process Solutions
suffered from a 1.5% decline in industry R&D spending in 2013, as reported by Evaluate Pharma. At the same
time, the market was positively influenced by pharmaceutical sales, which grew by 2.9% in 2013.

79


--- Page 49 ---

80

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Accelerated implemen-
tation of efficiency
measures leads to strong
improvement in profit-
ability

Review of forecast against
actual business developments

At the beginning of 2013 we forecast moderate organic sales growth for the Merck Group driven by the good
performance of the Merck Serono and Merck Millipore divisions. As we continued to focus on the implemen-
tation of our “Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program, we expected EBITDA pre one-time items to
increase further as a result of realized net savings. We forecast a high free cash flow and expected bigger
cash-outs for the restructuring cost, while for business free cash flow, Merck's third financial key perfor-
mance indicator, we expected a moderate decrease compared to 2012, as we had already delivered major
working capital reductions in 2012 and as we planned an increase in investments in property, plant and
equipment in 2013.

Based on the successful acceleration of our transformation process, which led to faster implementation
of the cost-savings initiatives, we were able to announce in spring 2013 that we would deliver our mid-term
financial targets for 2014 one year earlier than originally expected. The good operational development of our
Consumer Health and Performance Materials divisions further contributed to this, which led to the fact that
we further upgraded our view on the financial performance of Merck with the announcement of our third-
quarter results.

When assessing the results of 2013 versus the original projections, it can be stated that we have achieved
our strategic objectives of the “Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program to realize efficiencies and
to deliver organic growth of the business in 2013. Merck's actual business figures for 2013 confirmed our
forecast. As forecast in the Annual Report for 2012, we achieved organic sales growth of 4.2% and we
increased our EBITDA pre one-time items by € 288 million. Thereby, the Merck Serono and Merck Millipore
divisions developed positively in line with the expected development. Sales and EBITDA pre one-time items
of the Consumer Health division increased more than expected due to the strong development of core brands
and the substantial progress in driving the turnaround of the business. A favorable Liquid Crystals mix and
leaner Pigments & Cosmetics organization led to higher EBITDA pre one-time items of the Performance
Materials division. Driven by the significant increase of EBITDA pre one-time items and further reduction of
working capital, we exceeded our expectations and delivered business free cash flow at the previous year's
level for the Merck Group as well as the Merck Serono and Performance Materials divisions.


--- Page 50 ---

Merck 2013 a1

Group Management Report

Review of forecast against
actual business developments

Review of forecast against actual business developments in 2013

Actual Guidance for 2013 provided in
results Actual
2012 Forecast 2013 in 01/2013 02/2013 03/2013 results 2013
€ million Annual Report 2012 Interim Report Interim Report Interim Report € million
Merck Group
moderate 10,700.1
Sales 10,740.8 organic growth € 10.7-10.9 billion €10.7-10.9 billion € 10.7-10.9 billion +4.2% org.
EBITDA pre 3,253.3
one-time items 2,964.9 increase € 3.13.2 billion € 3.1-3.2 billion € 3.2-3.25 billion +9.7%
Business 2,960.0
free cash flow 2,969.3 moderate decrease - - - -0.3%
Merck Serono
moderate moderate moderate moderate 5,953.6
Sales 5,995.8 organic growth organic growth organic growth organic growth — +3.9% org.
EBITDA pre 1,955.0
one-time items’ 1,824.7 improvement € 1.9- 2.0 billion € 1.92.0 billion € 1.9- 2.0 billion +7.1%
Business 1,875.7
free cash flow! 1,880.2 moderate decrease - - - -0.2%
Consumer Health
moderate 476.9
Sales 472.6 stable stable stable organic growth _ +5.6% org.
EBITDA pre 72.5
one-time items’ 66.8 slight increase € 70-75 million € 70-75 million € 73-77 million +8.5%
Business 83.9
free cash flow! 88.8 moderate decrease - - - -5.5%
Performance Materials
slight 1,642.1
Sales 1,674.2 organic decline stable stable stable — +3.0% org
EBITDA pre remain 779.7
one-time items’ 741.9 on high level € 700-740 million € 730-750 million € 750-770 million +5.19%
Business moderate 787.8
free cash flow! 798.1 decrease - - - -1.3%
Merck Millipore
moderate moderate moderate moderate 2,627.5
Sales 2,598.2 organic growth organic growth organic growth organic growth — +5.5% org.
EBITDA pre growth in line 642.8
one-time items’ 614.4 with sales € 620-640 million € 620-640 million € 620-640 million +4.6%
Business moderate 493.8
free cash flow! 511.3 decrease - - - -3.4%
Corporate and Other
EBITDA pre -196.7
one-time items’ -282.9 improvement € -210 million € -210 million € -210 million 30.5%

The actual figures for 2012 have been adjusted. More information can be found in Note (52) of the consolidated financial statements.


--- Page 51 ---

82

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Course of business and economic position
Merck Group

Overview of 2013

— Sales stable - solid organic growth of 4.2% almost fully offsets negative foreign exchange effects of -4.7%

— Accelerated implementation of efficiency measures within the scope of the “Fit for 2018" transformation
and growth program

— EBITDA pre one-time items increased by 10% to around € 3.25 billion - Key drivers are the positive
business performance of all four divisions and the successful implementation of restructuring measures

— Earnings per share pre one-time items up 15% to € 8.78

— Business free cash flow again reaches the high previous year's level of around € 3.0 billion

~ Net financial debt lowered considerably to € 0.3 billion as of December 31, 2013

~ Merck's long-term credit ratings upgraded to “A" (Standard & Poor's) and “A3" (Moody's)

Merck Group | Key figures

Change

€million 2013 2012 in %

Total revenues 11,095.1 11,172.9 -0.7

Sales 10,700.1 10,740.8 -0.4

Operating result (EBIT) 1,610.8 963.6 67.2
Margin (% of sales) 15.1 9.0

EBITDA 3,069.2 2,360.2 30.0
Margin (% of sales) 28.7 22.0

EBITDA pre one-time items 3,253.3 2,964.9 97
Margin (% of sales) 30.4 27.6

Earnings per share pre one-time items (€) 8.78 7.61 15.4

Business free cash flow 2,960.0 2,969.3 -0.3

Development of total revenues and sales as well as results of operations

In 2013, Merck performed well in a challenging market environment. Despite adverse exchange rate move-
ments, strong earnings improvements were achieved, thanks mainly to the accelerated implementation of the
efficiency measures within the scope of the “Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program. In 2013, total
revenues of the Merck Group declined slightly by -0.7% to € 11,095 million (2012: € 11,173 million). Organic
growth increased total revenues by 3.8%. Negative foreign exchange effects lowered total revenues by
-4.6%. Apart from the negative exchange rate movements of Latin American currencies and the U.S. dollar,
this decline was mainly due to the exchange rate development of the Japanese yen. Acquisitions contributed
0.1% to the increase. Royalty, license and commission income, which is disclosed as part of total revenues,
decreased by -8.6% to € 395 million (2012: € 432 million). This was mainly the result of the expiration of two
license agreements in the Merck Serono division.


--- Page 52 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

» Course of business and
economic position

Sales (total revenues less royalty, license and commission income) saw solid organic growth of 4.2% in 2013
but the increase was outweighed by foreign exchange effects of -4.7%. Acquisitions increased sales by 0.1%.
Overall, sales decreased slightly by € 41 million to € 10,700 million in 2013 (2012: € 10,741 million).

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 as well as the respective
organic growth rates are presented in the following table:

Merck Group | Sales and
organic growth by quarter’

€million/organic growth in %

oO
2,660
a es ...
a2 2,743 3.3%
3 ST
3 2,722
a4 2.712 3.9%
oO

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited

[oe Jor

As regards the distribution of sales across the four operating divisions of the Merck Group, no significant
changes occurred in 2013 compared with 2012. Merck Serono once again generated 56% of Group sales,
remaining the largest division in terms of sales. Merck Millipore and Performance Materials followed, con-
tributing 25% (2012: 24%) and 15% (2012: 16%) to Group sales, respectively. As in 2012, the Consumer Health
division accounted for 4% of Group sales.

Merck Group | Sales by division - 2013

€million/change in %

4 1 Merck Serono 5,953.6 56%
2 Consumer Health 476.9 4%
1 3 Performance Materials 1,642.1 15%

4 Merck Millipore 2,627.5 25%

83


--- Page 53 ---

84

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Course of business and
economic position

Merck Group | Sales components by division - 2013

Organic Exchange Acquisitions)
€million/change in % Sales growth —_rateeffects divestments __Total change
Merck Serono 5,953.6 3.9 -4.6 - -0.7
Consumer Health 476.9 5.6 -47 - 0.9
Performance Materials 1,642.1 3.0 -4.9 - -19
Merck Millipore 2,627.5 5.5 -48 0.5 1
Merck Group 10,700.1 42 -47 oA -0.4

All four divisions of the Merck Group posted organic sales increases with growth rates between 3.0% and
5.6% as well as negative exchange rate effects of around -59% in each division. Achieving organic sales
growth of 3.9%, which corresponded to an absolute increase of € 235 million, Merck Serono made the
strongest contribution to organic sales growth, followed by Merck Millipore with organic sales growth of
€ 142 million and a growth rate of 5.5%, as well as Performance Materials with € 51 million, or 3.0%. With
an organic sales growth rate of 5.6%, the Consumer Health division reported the highest percentage increase,
corresponding to an absolute sales increase of € 26 million.

Merck Group | Sales by region - 2013

€ million/% of sales
4
1 Europe 3,984.6 37%
| 2 North America 2,078.0 199%
3 3. Emerging Markets 3,795.6 36%
4 Rest of World 841.9 8%

From a regional perspective, the dynamic business performance in the Emerging Markets region, which
encompasses Latin America and Asia with the exception of Japan, contributed first and foremost to the
organic growth of the Merck Group. At 9.3%, which corresponded to an absolute organic sales increase of
€ 347 million, the region delivered very strong organic growth, which was primarily driven by the Merck
Serono division. Including currency headwinds of -7.1%, Group sales in the Emerging Markets region totaled
€ 3,796 million (2012: € 3,712 million). In 2013, the region thus increased its contribution to Group sales by
two percentage points to 36%.


--- Page 54 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Course of business and
economic position

In Europe, organic sales growth of 1.4% was partially cancelled out by negative foreign exchange effects of
-0.7%. Acquisitions contributed 0.3% to the increase in sales. Overall, sales in Europe increased slightly by
1.1% to € 3,985 million € (2012: € 3,943 million). Europe's percentage contribution to Group sales thus
remained unchanged at 37%.

The North America region posted sales amounting to € 2,078 million. (2012: € 2,128 million), which
represents a year-on-year decrease of -2.4%. With a slight organic increase in sales of 0.6% coupled with
negative exchange rate effects of -3.0%, North America's contribution to Group sales was 19% (2012: 20%).
Higher demand from customers of the Process Solutions and Lab Solutions business units of the Merck
Millipore division made up for the slight organic sales decline incurred by Merck Serono in the region.

The Rest of World region, i.e. Japan, Africa and Australia/Oceania, generated € 842 million (2012:
€ 958 million) or 8% of Group sales (2012: 9%). The decline in sales was largely the outcome of a substantial
foreign exchange impact of -16.0% mainly attributable to the Japanese yen. Organic growth of 3.99% in this
region was primarily generated by the Merck Serono division.

Merck Group | Sales components by region - 2013

Organic Exchange Acquisitions
€ million/change in % Sales growth rate effects divestments Total change
Europe 3,984.6 14 -0.7 0.3 11
North America 2,078.0 0.6 -3.0 - -2.4
Emerging Markets 3,795.6 9.3 “7.1 - 2.2
Rest of World 841.9 3.9 -16.0 - -12.1
Merck Group 10,700.1 42 -4.7 0.1 -0.4

Cost of sales of the Merck Group fell by -5.2% to € 2,993 million (2012: € 3,158 million). Despite lower royalty,
license and commission income as well as negative foreign exchange effects, gross profit increased by 1.1%
to € 8,103 million (2012: € 8,015 million). Gross margin, i.e. gross profit as a percentage of sales, grew by
around one percentage point to 75.7% (2012: 74.6%). This improvement was primarily due to efficiency
increases in connection with the "Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program as well as to a more
favorable product mix, especially in the Liquid Crystals business unit.

Group marketing and selling expenses declined by -3.5% to € 2,326 million in 2013 (2012: € 2,411 million).
Foreign exchange effects, yet also the faster achievement of the savings targets as part of the “Fit for 2018"
program initiated in 2012 were primarily responsible for this. The decline in marketing and selling costs was
mainly attributable to the Merck Serono division. Consequently, for the Merck Group the proportion of these
expenses to sales declined to 21.7% (2012: 22.4%). Administration expenses of the Merck Group increased
slightly to € 562 million (2012: € 552 million).

85


--- Page 55 ---

86

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Course of business and
economic position

Royalty, license and commission expenses amounted to € 567 million in 2013 (2012: € 580 million), declining
by -2.2%, which was largely the result of lower Rebif® co-marketing expenses in the United States.

In 2013, other operating expenses (net) declined by € -408 million to € 718 million (2012: € 1,126 million).
This sharp drop in the net expense balance primarily reflects the level of one-time items recorded here. During
2013, one-time items, including impairments, fell by € -277 million to € 387 million (2012: € 664 million). In
connection with "Fit for 2018", € 166 million consisting of restructuring charges of € 130 million and impair-
ments of € 36 million were incurred in 2013. In 2012, one-time expenses amounting € 538 million consisting
of restructuring charges of € 504 million and impairments of € 34 million were recorded in this context. In
2013, other operating expenses included an impairment of € 127 million on the intangible asset for Humira®
in the Merck Serono division which was classified as a one-time item. The impairment loss resulted from an
out-of-court settlement with AbbVie Biotechnology Ltd., Bermudas, and Abbott GmbH & Co. KG, Germany
(together referred to as "AbbVie"). Under this settlement, Merck will receive no further royalty payments for
this product from AbbVie as of the second half of 2014. Further reasons for the decline in other operating
expenses included lower litigation expenses and impairments on receivables as well as gains from operational
currency hedges. A detailed presentation of the development of other operating expenses and income can be
found in the consolidated financial statements under Note [28].

Research and development (R&D) expenses decreased slightly by -0.5% compared to 2012, amounting
to € 1,504 million (2012: € 1,511 million) and thus continued to represent 14.1% of sales. As in 2012, 79% of
Group research and development expenses were attributable to the Merck Serono division. The Merck
Millipore division accounted for 11%, the second-highest share of Group research and development expenses.

Merck Group | Research and development expenses
by division - 2013

€million/change in %

4

1 Merck Serono 1,182.8 79%
2 2 Consumer Health 17.1 1%
3 Performance Materials 143.0 9%

4 Merck Millipore 159.8 11%

Amortization of intangible assets, which resulted primarily from the purchase price allocations for the
acquisitions of Serono SA and the Millipore Corporation, decreased by -6.7% to € 813 million (2012:
€ 872 million). The decline was mainly due to the expiration of the amortization periods for the two intangible
assets Avonex® and Enbrel®, which were acquired within the scope of the Serono SA acquisition.


--- Page 56 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

» Course of business and
economic position

In 2013, the Merck Group delivered a significant increase in the operating result (EBIT), which soared by 67.2%
to € 1,611 million (2012: € 964 million), as well as in EBITDA (operating result before depreciation and amor-
tization), which rose by 30.0% to € 3,069 million (2012: € 2,360 million). This was due on the one hand to the
good performance of operating business and on the other hand to the sharp decline in the very high level of
one-time items incurred in 2012. Adjusted for one-time expenses (excluding impairments) totaling € 184 mil-
lion (2012: € 605 million), EBITDA pre one-time items, the key financial indicator used to steer operating
business, grew 9.7% to € 3,253 million (2012: € 2,965 million). The resulting EBITDA pre margin thus increased
from 27.6% to 30.4%. The profitability improvement of nearly three percentage points stemmed mainly from
the organic sales growth achieved in 2013 as well as strict cost management. Above all, the faster implemen-
tation of the efficiency measures within the scope of the "Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program
had a positive effect on profitability.

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is
presented in the following table:

Merck Group | EBITDA pre one-time items
and change by quarter!

€million/change in %

oO
801
Qi 674 18.89%
0 LS
2 747
a3 754, 10.19%
795
os Ls
oO

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited

[bon Qzon

All divisions contributed to the increase in EBITDA pre one-time items and the EBITDA pre margin. With an
improvement of € 130 million in EBITDA pre to € 1,955 million, Merck Serono achieved the strongest absolute
increase of all the operating divisions. Consequently, at 57% (2012: 56%) the division's contribution to EBITDA
pre was the highest among all the operating divisions (excluding the decline in Group EBITDA pre by
€ -197 million due to Corporate and Other). Contributing 23% of EBITDA pre as in 2012, the Performance
Materials division reported EBITDA pre one-time items of € 780 million (2012: € 742 million). Owing to its
good business performance, the division increased this key indicator by € 38 million or 5.1%. At 18%,

87


--- Page 57 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Course of business and
economic position

Merck Millipore's percentage share of EBITDA pre one-time items declined slightly (2012: 19%, excluding
Corporate and Other), although this division also posted earnings growth of 4.6% or € 28 million. With EBITDA
pre one-time items of € 72 million (2012: € 67 million), the Consumer Health division once again contributed
2% to the EBITDA pre one-time items of all operating divisions.

Merck Group | EBITDA pre one-time items by division - 2013

€million/change in %

4

1 Merck Serono 1,955.0 57%
2 Consumer Health 72.5 2%
3. Performance Materials 779.7 23%
8 1 4 Merck Millipore 642.8 18%

Not presented: Decline in Group EBITDA pre one-time items
by € -197 million due to Corporate and Other

The financial result of the Group improved by 12.7% to € -222 million (2012: € -255 million). This mainly
reflects the lower interest expense on borrowed capital following the sharp drop in net financial debt as well
as the decline in net interest expense for pension provisions. More information on the financial result can be
found in the consolidated financial statements under Note [31].

Income taxes amounted to € -180 million (2012: € -130 million) and led to a tax ratio of 12.9% (2012:
18.3%). The low tax ratio in 2013 resulted mainly from one-time deferred tax income owing to changes in the
applicable tax rates. More information on income taxes can be found in the consolidated financial statements
under Note [32].

Owing to this development of expenses and income, profit after tax more than doubled, totaling
€ 1,209 million (2012: € 579 million). Net income, i.e. profit after tax attributable to Merck shareholders, for
2013 was € 1,202 million (2012: € 567 million), yielding earnings per share of € 5.53 (2012: € 2.61). Adjusted
for one-time items, earning per share (EPS adjusted by net of tax effect of one-time items and amortization
of purchased intangible assets) increased by 15.4% to € 8.78 (2012: € 7.61).


--- Page 58 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

» Course of business and
economic position

Net assets and financial position

Merck Group | Balance sheet structure

Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Change
€ million in % € million in % € million in %

Current assets 7,384.5 35.5 6,626.1 30.6 758.4 11.4
of which:

Cash and cash equivalents 980.8 729.7 251.1

Current financial assets 2,410.5 1,797.9 612.6

Trade accounts receivable 2,021.4 2,114.6 -93.2

Inventories 1,474.2 1,533.9 -59.7

Other current assets 497.6 450.0 47.6
Non-current assets 13,434.1 64.5 15,017.2 69.4. -1,583.1 -10.5
of which:

Intangible assets 9,867.2 10,944.5 -1,077.3

Property, plant and equipment 2,647.2 2,953.6 -306.4

Other non-current assets 919.7 1,119.1 -199.4
Total assets 20,818.6 100.0 —21,643.3 100.0 8247 -3.8
Current liabilities 3,898.8 18.7 4561.6 21.1 -662.8 -14.5
of which:

Current financial liabilities 440.4 1,091.4 -651.0

Trade accounts payable 1,364.1 1,288.3 75.8

Current provisions 494.7 684.3 -189.6

Other current liabilities 1,599.6 1,497.6 102.0
Long-term liabilities 5,850.6 28.1 6,666.9 30.8 -816.3  -12.2
of which:

Non-current financial liabilities 3,257.5 3,362.1 -104.6

Non-current provisions 1,011.1 8917 119.4

Provisions for pensions and other

post-employment benefits 910.9 1,211.7 -300.8

Other non-current liabilities 671.1 1,201.4 -530.3
Equity 11,069.2 53.2 10,4148 48.1 6544 6.3
Total liabilities and equity 20,818.6 100.0 —21,643.3 100.0 -8247 -3.8

89


--- Page 59 ---

90

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Course of business and
economic position

The total assets of the Merck Group declined in 2013 by € -825 million or -3.8% to € 20,819 million (2012:
€ 21,643 million). This decline was due, among other things, to the repayment of a bond with a nominal
volume of € 750 million as well as the cash transfer of € 200 million to plan assets to cover pension obliga-
tions in Germany. Total assets decreased in 2013 because plan assets were netted with pension obligations.
Exchange rate changes also lowered total assets. Whereas current assets increased by € 758 million,
non-current assets declined by € -1,583 million. The increase in current assets resulted mainly from the
development of cash and cash equivalents, which increased by € 251 million, as well as of liquid financial
assets, which increased by € 613 million, despite the bond repayment and the cash transfer to the plan
assets. This reflects the excellent liquidity position of the Merck Group. The decline in non-current assets was
due mainly to depreciation and amortization of intangible assets as well as property, plant and equipment.
Goodwill included in intangible assets amounted to € 4,583 million (2012: € 4,696 million) and was thus
approximately at the same level as in 2012. The ratio of non-current assets to total assets (asset ratio)
declined from 69.4% to 64.5%.

On the liabilities side, equity increased by € 654 million to € 11,069 million (2012: € 10,415 million). The
main driver of this increase was profit after tax of € 1,209 million in 2013. The increase was counterbalanced
mainly by negative exchange rate changes as well as dividend payments for 2012. As of December 31, 2013,
the equity ratio increased by more than five percentage points to 53.2% (2012: 48.1%). Owing to the increase
in equity on the one hand and the decrease in non-current assets on the other hand, asset coverage as of
December 31, 2013 improved significantly to 82.4% (2012: 69.4%). Asset coverage indicates to what extent
non-current assets are covered by equity. Current liabilities declined mainly owing to the repayment of the
bond with a nominal volume of € 750 million that matured in 2013. The decline in non-current liabilities was
largely the result of lower pension provisions as well as the decline in deferred tax liabilities. The sum of
current and non-current liabilities declined by € -1,479 million to € 9,749 million from € 11,228 million. This
excellent decline of -13.2% strengthened the consolidated balance sheet further. The financing structure
(ratio of current liabilities to total liabilities) also improved. As of December 31, 2013, short-term liabilities
were 40.0% of total liabilities (2012: 40.6%).


--- Page 60 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Course of business and
economic position

Merck Group | Net financial debt

Book value Book value

Dec. 31, Dec. 31,
2013 2012 Change
Interest. Financial
Maturity rate (%) Covenant —_€ million € million € million in %

Eurobond 2009/2013
(Nominal volume
€ 750 million) Sep. 2013 4.875 No - 749.1 - -

Eurobond 2010/2015
(Nominal volume
€ 1,350 million) March 2015 3.375 No 1,348.2 1,346.7 1.5 0.1

Eurobond 2009/2015
(Nominal volume
€ 100 million) Dec. 2015 3.615 No 100.0 100.0 - -

Eurobond 2006/2016
(Nominal volume

€ 250 million) June 2016 5.875 No 222.4 228.2 “58-25
Eurobond 2009/2016

(Nominal volume € 60 million) Nov. 2016 4.000 No 60.0 60.0 - -
Eurobond 2009/2019

(Nominal volume € 70 million) Dec. 2019 4.250 No 69.0 68.8 0.2 0.3

Eurobond 2010/2020
(Nominal volume € 1,350

million) March 2020 4.500 No 1,343.1 1,342.2 0.9 0.1
Total bonds 3,142.7 3,895.0 -752.3 -19.3
Other financial liabilities No 555.2 558.5, -3.3 -0.6
Total financial liabilities 3,697.9 4,453.5 -755.6 -17.0
less
Cash and cash equivalents 980.8 729.7 251.1 34.4
Current financial assets 2,410.5 1,797.9 6126 34.1
Net financial debt 306.6 1,925.9  -1,619.3 -84.1

Financial liabilities were reduced by € -756 million in 2013, amounting to € 3,698 million as of Decem-
ber 31, 2013 (2012: € 4,454 million). Owing to the increase in cash and cash equivalents, the decrease in net
financial debt was even greater than that of financial liabilities. In 2013, net financial debt decreased by
€ -1,619 million or -84.1% to € 307 million (2012: € 1,926 million). Expected future cash flows such as
repayments and interest from financial liabilities are presented in the consolidated financial statements under
Note [57] “Management of financial risks".

cy


--- Page 61 ---

92 Merck 2013

Group Management Report

» Course of business and
economic position

Merck Group | Working capital

Change Change
€million Dee. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 in € million in %
Trade accounts receivable 2,021.4 2,114.6 -93.2 4.490
Inventories 1,474.2 1,533.9 59.7 3.9%
Trade accounts payable 1,364.1 =1,288.3 -75.8 5.99%
Working capital 2,131.5 2,360.2 228.7 -9.7%

% of sales (last 12 months) 19.9% 22.0%

Following a sharp reduction in working capital in 2012, a further substantial decrease of -9.7% to € 2,132
million was achieved in 2013. Consequently, working capital decreased to 19.9% of sales (2012: 22.09%).
Business free cash flow of the Merck Group in 2013 amounted to € 2,960 million (2012: € 2,969 million),
thus remaining at the previous year's high level. The composition of this figure is presented in the Group
management report under “Internal Management System".
The distribution of business free cash flow across the individual quarters as well as the percentage
changes in comparison with 2012 were as follows:

Merck Group | Business free cash flow and
change by quarter

€million/change in %

3

°
S

Qi 635 6.6%
Q: 784 8.0%
2 726 ”
853
Q3 819 4.2%
a4 789 -7.6%
i)

Quarterly breakdown unaudited

Fos aor



--- Page 62 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Course of business and
economic position

Merck Group | Business free cash flow by division - 2013

€million/change in %

4

1 Merck Serono 1,875.7 58%
2 Consumer Health 83.9 3%

3 Performance Materials 787.8 24%

4 Merck Millipore 493.8 15%

Not presented: Decline in Group business free cash flow
by € -281 million due to Corporate and Other

The Merck Serono division generated business free cash flow amounting to € 1,876 million (2012: € 1,880 mil-
lion), thus raising its contribution to Group business free cash flow to 58% (2012: 57%). This excludes the
decline of € -281 million due to Corporate and Other. Performance Materials contributed € 788 million (2012:
€798 million) to Group business free cash flow, which once again represented 24%. Taken together, the Merck
Millipore and Consumer Health divisions contributed 18% (2012: 19%) to Group business free cash flow.

Investments in property, plant, equipment and software included in the calculation of business free cash
flow as well as advance payments for intangible assets increased in 2013 by 21.7% to a total of € 446 million
(2012: € 367 million). In 2013, investments in property, plant and equipment included in this figure amounted
to € 408 million (2012: € 329 million), corresponding to an increase of € 79 million or 24.0% compared with
2012. Investments in property, plant and equipment, which totaled € 408 million, included € 248 million in
numerous smaller investment projects (total volume of each project below € 2 million). At the beginning of
2013, Merck acquired six office buildings in Darmstadt, which the company had previously leased. The buildings
also house the headquarters of the Merck Serono division. In addition, major projects to expand production
were also approved in 2013. Special mention is made here of an investment by Merck Serono in a new pro-
duction plant in China with a total volume of € 80 million. The new facility will become Merck Serono’s
second-largest pharmaceutical production site worldwide. Commercial production is scheduled to begin in
2017. In December 2013, work began on a major investment project for the Allergopharma unit in Reinbek near
Hamburg. The estimated investment of around € 40 million will, in particular, serve to expand production
capacities for products to diagnose and treat type 1 allergies. Within the scope of “Fit for 2018", extensive
investment projects to raise efficiency, particularly in the Merck Millipore and Performance Materials divisions
were approved that relate to sites in Germany, the United States as well as Ireland and Spain.

In 2013, the two credit rating agencies Moody's and Standard & Poor's upgraded Merck's credit rating as
an issuer of long-term and senior unsecured bonds. Moody's raised Merck's long-term issuer rating to “A3"
with stable outlook, and in May 2013, Standard & Poor's upgraded Merck's rating to "A" with stable outlook.
An overview of the development of Merck's rating for the period from 2008 to 2013 is presented in the Report
on Risks and Opportunities. Both ratings ensure that Merck will be able to benefit in the future from attractive
financing terms.

Due to the reduction in debt as well as strong cash flows from operating activities, the ratio of net
financial debt to cash flows from operating activities decreased from 0.8 on December 31, 2012 to 0.1 on
December 31, 2013.

93


--- Page 63 ---

94

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~+ Course of business and
economic position

In September 2013, Merck increased the volume of its Debt Issuance Program to € 15 billion. The Debt Issuance
Program forms the contractual basis for issuing bonds, thus giving the company flexibility in its issuing activities.
It therefore represents an important element of the Group's financing activities.

The development of key balance sheet figures is as follows:

Merck Group | Key balance sheet figures

in % Dec. 31,2013 Dec. 31,2012 Dec. 31,2011 Dec. 31,2010 Dec. 31, 2009

ce eae Equity
Equity ratio —____ 53.2 48.1 474 46.3 56.9
Total assets

Non-current.
Asset ratio assets 64.5 69.4 711 74.7 66.9
Total assets

Equity
Asset coverage Non-current 82.4 69.4 66.7 62.0 85.1
assets

Current liabilities

Finance structure
Liabilities (total)

Overall assessment of business performance and economic situation

In 2013, Merck once again performed well in a market environment that remained challenging. The robust
organic growth achieved almost fully offset the adverse exchange rate effects that impacted the develop-
ment of total revenues and sales. The good operating business performance along with the accelerated
implementation of the efficiency measures within the scope of the "Fit for 2018" transformation and growth
program led to a strong increase in EBITDA pre. The EBITDA pre margin was 30.4% (2012: 27.6%), reflecting
the high profitability of the Merck Group. In 2013, the business free cash flow of the Merck Group amounted
to € 2,960 million (2012: € 2,969 million), thus reaching the previous year's excellent level.

The solid accounting and finance policy of the Merck Group is reflected by the very good key balance
sheet figures, which improved even further in 2013 owing to good business performance. For example, the
strong equity ratio of 48.1% in 2012 rose further to 53.2%. Following the sharp reduction in working capital
in 2012, another notable improvement was achieved in 2013. Taken together with the successful performance
of operating business, this led to a high inflow of funds. Among other things, this cash flow was used to repay
financial liabilities, making it possible to lower net financial debt to € 307 million (2012: € 1,926 million).

Against the backdrop of the superb liquidity position and financing base as well as the excellent business
development, the economic position of the Merck Group can be assessed positively overall. It offers an ideal
starting basis for the further execution of the successfully commenced “Fit for 2018" transformation and
growth program, the focus of which is now shifting to organic and inorganic growth. In this connection,
special reference is made to the announcement made in December 2013 of the intention to acquire
AZ Electronic Materials S.A., Luxembourg, in 2014.


--- Page 64 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Merck Serono

Merck Serono

Overview of 2013

— Solid organic sales growth unable to prevent slight decline in sales due to currency headwinds.

— Rebif® achieves stable full-year organic growth despite increasing competition

— Erbitux® delivers good organic growth thanks to registration in Japan in head and neck cancer indication
as well as healthy demand in Emerging Markets

— Restructuring program within the scope of “Fit for 2018" successfully continued in 2013

— Significant increase of 2.4 percentage points in EBITDA pre margin despite negative foreign exchange
effects and lower royalty income

Merck Serono | Key figures

Change
€ million 2013 2012 in %
Total revenues 6,325.8 6,405.2 =1.2
Sales 5,953.6 5,995.8 -0.7
Operating result (EBIT) 893.0 547.7 63.1
Margin (% of sales) 15.0 9.1

EBITDA 1,886.5 1,480.0 27.5
Margin (% of sales) 31.7 24.7

EBITDA pre one-time items 1,955.0 1,824.7 71
Margin (% of sales) 32.8 30.4

Business free cash flow 1,875.7 1,880.2 -0.2

Development of total revenues and sales as well as results of operations

In 2013, total revenues of the Merck Serono division grew organically by 3.2%. Owing to negative foreign
exchange effects amounting to -4.5%, total revenues of the division nevertheless declined by -1.2% to
€ 6,326 million (2012: € 6,405 million). Despite solid organic growth of 3.9%, sales decreased by -0.7% to
€ 5,954 million (2012 : € 5,996 million). This slight decline was attributable to strong currency headwinds of
-4.6%, which stemmed mainly from Latin American currencies, the Japanese yen as well as the U.S. dollar. All
the division's franchises contributed to the organic sales growth, with the highest absolute organic sales
increases coming from the General Medicine franchise (including CardioMetabolic Care) and the oncology
drug Erbitux®. In geographic terms, the Emerging Markets region and Japan fueled organic sales growth in
2013, posting increases of 12.2% and 16.9%, respectively. Royalty, license and commission income declined
by -9.1% to € 372 million (2012: € 409 million). This was primarily the result of the termination of two
licensing agreements owing to the expiration of a patent for Avonex® (as of May 2013) and one for Enbrel®
(as of November 2013) and adverse foreign exchange effects. The agreement reached with Bristol-Myers
Squibb on the co-promotion of Glucophage in China started to positively impact commission income in the
third quarter of 2013.

95


--- Page 65 ---

96 Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Merck Serono

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 as well as the respective organic
growth rates are presented in the following table:

Merck Serono | Sales and
organic growth by quarter*

€ millionforganic growth in %

|
-
&
&

1,454
ai 1417
1,531
a2 teas 21
a3 1511 52%
a4 1522 4.30%
0
"Quarterly breakdown unaudited
lo Jjzoz
Merck Serono | Sales by region - 2013
€ million/% of divisional sales
4
1 Europe 2,481.8 429%
5 2 North America 1,279.8 21%
1
3. Emerging Markets 1,784.6 30%
4 Rest of World 407.4 7%

From a geographic perspective, organic sales growth in the Merck Serono division was bolstered by the
Emerging Markets and Rest of World regions, which generated sales increases of 12.2% and 9.9%,
respectively.

Europe, Merck's top-selling region, posted a slight organic decline in sales of -0.1%, with a negative
foreign exchange impact of -0.6%, thereby generating sales of € 2,482 million (2012: € 2,502 million). While
Russia, Turkey, Germany, and eastern European countries in particular delivered organic sales growth, France
as well as countries in southern Europe suffered sales declines. Overall, the division continued to feel the


--- Page 66 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Merck Serono

negative effects of the budget constraints in several European countries as well as the resulting health care
cost containment measures. At 42%, Europe continued to account for the largest proportion of the division's
sales, as in 2012.

Emerging Markets, the division's second-largest region by sales, posted very strong organic growth of
12.2%, which was offset by a negative foreign exchange impact of -9.5%. Consequently, sales increased from
€ 1,737 million to € 1,785 million. All of Merck Serono’s franchises in this region contributed to organic
growth. The main drivers were products to treat cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and thyroid disorders. The
share of divisional sales generated by the Emerging Markets region increased by one percentage point to 30%,
which reflects the growing importance of this region to Merck Serono.

In 2013, sales in North America amounted to € 1,280 million, declining by -4.1% compared to 2012
(€ 1,335 million), which comprised an organic sales decrease of -1.1% and unfavorable foreign exchange
effects of -3.0%. This slight organic decline is primarily attributable to the Fertility franchise. The North
America region contributed 21% (2012: 22%) to the division's sales.

In the Rest of World region, sales grew organically by 9.9%, mainly powered by the good sales perfor-
mance of Erbitux® and strong demand for products from the Fertility franchise. Including strong currency
headwinds of -13.4%, which were primarily attributable to the Japanese yen, sales totaled € 407 million
(2012: € 422 million). Once again, the Rest of World region contributed 7% to divisional sales.

Merck Serono | Sales components by region - 2013

Organic Exchange Acquisitions Total
€ million/change in % Sales growth rate effects divestments change
Europe 2,481.8 -0.1 -0.6 - -0.8
North America 1,279.8 -11 -3.0 - -4.1
Emerging Markets 1,784.6 12.2 9.5 - 27
Rest of World 407.4 99 -13.4 - -3.5
Merck Serono 5,953.6 3.9 -4.6 - -0.7

In 2013, sales of the key products of the Merck Serono division developed as follows:

Merck's top-selling drug Rebif®, which is used to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis, achieved
slight organic growth of 1.4% in 2013. This was especially attributable to its good performance in the first
half of 2013, during which sales grew organically by 4.7%. Yet in the second half of 2013, Rebif® suffered an
organic decline in sales, primarily in North America. Taking adverse foreign exchange effects of -2.9% into
account, Rebif® sales decreased by -1.5% to € 1,865 million (2012: € 1,893 million). In North America, which
generated 51% of Rebif® sales (2012: 52%) and is the largest market for this product, sales saw slight organic
growth of 0.3% to € 956 million (2012: € 983 million). In particular, this was the result of a tougher competi-
tive environment in North America in the second half of 2013, where lower sales volumes could not be
completely compensated for by price increases. In Europe, sales of Rebif® grew organically by 2.8%, totaling

97


--- Page 67 ---

98

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Merck Serono

€ 745 million (2012: € 731 million). Including a foreign exchange impact of -0.9%, sales grew by a total of
1.9%. Consequently, Europe accounted for 40% of total Rebif® sales (2012: 39%). The Emerging Markets and
the Rest of World regions posted organic increases in Rebif® sales of 1.1% and 5.4%, respectively, with
adverse foreign exchange effects of -11.5% and -5.8%, respectively. Overall, this resulted in Emerging
Markets sales declining by -10.4% to € 130 million (2012: € 145 million). In the Rest of World region, Merck
Serono generated sales of € 34 million, as in 2012. At around 9%, the combined contribution of these two
regions to Rebif® sales remained comparatively low.

In 2013, sales of the oncology drug Erbitux® showed organic growth of 5.9%. Including a foreign
exchange impact of -6.5%, which primarily stemmed from the Japanese yen and Latin American currencies,
sales declined slightly by € -5 million to € 882 million (2012: € 887 million). Merck Serono achieved organic
growth in all three regions in which it holds the marketing rights. In 2013, 57% of Erbitux® sales were gener-
ated in Europe (2012: 56%), making it the top-selling region for this product. Erbitux® sales in this region
grew organically by 0.5% in 2013, thereby totaling € 501 million, which includes adverse foreign exchange
effects of -0.4% (2012: € 500 million). Despite strong organic growth of 8.9%, sales in Emerging Markets
declined slightly to € 232 million (2012: € 236 million) as a result of currency headwinds of -10.3%. This
region contributed 26% (2012: 27%) of total Erbitux® sales. At 18.8%, the Rest of World region generated
the strongest organic growth for this oncology drug, delivering sales of € 149 million (2012: € 152 million).
Posting organic growth of 22.1%, business in Japan performed well. However, this was canceled out by
adverse exchange rate effects stemming from the weak Japanese yen against the euro. In particular, the
approval of Erbitux® in head and neck cancer as well as higher market shares in other Erbitux® indications
were the main drivers of the increase in organic sales.

Merck Serono | Sales and organic growth
of Rebif® and Erbitux® by region - 2013

North Emerging
Total Europe America Markets Rest of World

Rebif® € million 1,864.7 744.8 956.1 130.2 33.6
Organic growth in % 1.4 2.8 0.3 1 5.4

% of sales 100 40 51 7 2

Erbitux® € million 882.2 500.9 - 232.4 148.9
Organic growth in % 5.9 0.5 - 8.9 18.8

%} of sales 100 57 - 26 7



--- Page 68 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Merck Serono

Merck Serono | Sales and organic growth
of key products - 2013

€ million Organic growth in %
oO
y 1,865,
Rebif® seen ee “
882
wwe
Eros a 887 “8
Gonal-f® 286 0.7
401
394
sone 235
Saizen' 250 18

[bon Qzon

Sales of Gonal-f®, the leading recombinant hormone used in the treatment of infertility, totaled € 586 million
in 2013 (2012: € 612 million). This decline was largely attributable to adverse foreign exchange effects of
-3.5%. Gonal-f® sales saw a slight organic decrease of -0.7%. Strong organic growth in the Emerging Mar-
kets and Rest of World regions could not offset the weaker sales performance in Europe and North America,
where the correlation between economic developments and the demand for fertility products remained
visible. However, other products from the Fertility franchise achieved strong organic growth, thereby generat-
ing total organic sales growth of 2.4% for the franchise and, including adverse foreign exchange effects, sales
of € 807 million (2012: € 817 million).

At € 394 million (2012: € 399 million), sales by the Endocrinology franchise, which mainly consists of
products to treat metabolic and growth disorders, decreased slightly by -1.3% since organic growth of 2.19%
was more than offset by an adverse foreign exchange impact of -3.4%. Sales of the growth hormone Saizen®
saw an organic decline of -1.8% as well as negative foreign exchange effects of -4.0%. As a result, sales
declined by a total of -5.8% to € 235 million. Merck Serono achieved double-digit organic growth rates with
Serostim® for HIV-associated wasting, as well as with Kuvan® for the treatment of hyperphenylalaninemia,
a metabolic disorder.

99


--- Page 69 ---

100

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Merck Serono

The General Medicine franchise (including CardioMetabolic Care), which commercializes Merck Serono's
products to treat cardiovascular diseases and diabetes, among others, generated organic sales growth of
6.5%. Including negative foreign exchange effects, sales amounted to € 2,005 million (2012: € 1,998 million).
Overall, sales volumes in this business franchise developed well. This reflected the performance of the three
leading product franchises, namely Glucophage® for the treatment of diabetes, the beta-blocker Concor®,
and Merck's portfolio for the treatment of thyroid disorders, all of which achieved high organic growth rates.
However, negative exchange rate effects were registered here as well. Sales of Glucophage®, which grew
organically by 4.8% primarily due to sales in the Emerging Markets region, totaled € 394 million (2012:
€ 399 million). Thanks mainly to strong demand in Emerging Markets and Europe, Concor® and thyroid
products generated organic growth of 11.4% and 21.0%, respectively, posting sales of € 401 million (2012:
€ 380 million) and € 275 million, respectively (2012: € 234 million).

At € 1,106 million, the division's cost of sales declined by -7.3% (2012: € 1,193 million), with the decline
exceeding the percentage decrease in sales. This was primarily due to higher yields in the manufacture of
biotech products as well as strict cost control, which had a positive effect on the division's gross profit.
Overall, however, gross profit improved only slightly by € 8 million to € 5,220 million (2012: € 5,212 million)
as it was countered by the € 37 million decline in royalty, license and commission income. Accordingly, gross
margin (in percent of sales) rose slightly to 87.7% (2012: 86.9%).

Both the resolute implementation of cost reduction measures and currency translation effects lowered
the division's marketing and selling expenses as well as administration expenses. Marketing and selling
expenses fell by -6.0% to € 1,289 million (2012: € 1,371 million) and administration expenses decreased by
-2.5% to € 211 million (2012: € 217 million). In 2013, royalty, license and commission expenses totaled
€ 548 million (2012: € 562 million). This slight decline was primarily the result of currency translation effects
as well as lower Rebif® co-marketing expenses in the United States. The significant decrease in other operat-
ing expenses (net) from € 669 million in 2012 to € 499 million in 2013 was largely due to the one-time items
reported in this line. Whereas in 2012, one-time items (including impairments) amounted to € 391 million and
were mainly incurred in connection with “Fit for 2018", one-time items (including impairments) in 2013 were
only € 258 million. In 2013, other operating expenses included an impairment loss on intangible assets
classified as a one-time item, of € 127 million, for Humira® in the Merck Serono division. The impairment loss
resulted from an out-of-court settlement with AbbVie Biotechnology Ltd., Bermudas, and Abbott GmbH &
Co. KG, Germany (together referred to as “AbbVie"). Under this settlement, Merck will receive no further
royalty payments for this product from AbbVie as of the second half of 2014.

Research and development expenses were only slightly lower than in 2012, totaling € 1,183 million (2012:
€ 1,187 million). The ratio of RED spending to sales thus remained at a high level of 19.9% (2012: 19.8%). The
long-term development of the Merck Serono division and the pipeline continues to be a top priority.

Since the useful lives of the two intangible assets capitalized as part of the Serono SA purchase price
allocation, namely Avonex® and Enbrel®, have expired, amortization of intangible assets declined significantly
by -9.5% to € 597 million (2012: € 659 million).


--- Page 70 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Merck Serono

The presented development of income and expenses resulted in a very sharp increase in the division's operat-
ing result (EBIT) in 2013, of 63.1% to € 893 million (2012: € 548 million). After eliminating depreciation and
amortization, and adjusted for one-time effects, EBITDA pre one-time items rose by 7.1% to € 1,955 million

(2012: € 1,825 million), corresponding to a margin of 32.8% of sales (2012: 30.4%).

Merck Serono | Reconciliation EBIT to EBITDA pre one-time items

Change
€ million 2013 2012 in %
Operating result (EBIT) 893.0 547.7 63.1
Depreciation/Amortization/Reversals of impairments 993.5 932.3 6.6
EBITDA 1,886.5 1,480.0 275
One-time items 68.5 344.7 80.1
EBITDA pre one-time items 1,955.0 1,824.7 7

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is pre-

sented in the following table:

Merck Serono | EBITDA pre one-time items and
change by quarter!

€million/change in %

0
463
a 403
491

a2 450

501
a3 466

500
as 506

0

14.8%

9.2%

7.7%

=1.3%

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited

[bon Qzon

101


--- Page 71 ---

102

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Merck Serono

Development of business free cash flow

In 2013, the Merck Serono division's business free cash flow amounted to € 1,876 million, which represents
only a slight decline compared with the very high level of € 1,880 million in 2012. The increase in EBITDA pre
one-time items by € 130 million, or 7.1%, positively affected the business free cash flow. However, the
changes in trade accounts receivable achieved in 2012 could not be reached in 2012. In 2013, receivables
declined by only € -43 million, whereas in 2012 this balance sheet item was significantly reduced by

€ -180 million.

Merck Serono | Business free cash flow

Change
€million 2013 2012 in %
EBITDA pre one-time items 1,955.0 1,824.7 7
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as
advance payments for intangible assets -164.3 160.5 2.4
Changes in inventories 417 35.8 16.3
Changes in trade accounts receivable 43.3 180.2 -75.9
Business free cash flow 1,875.7 1,880.2 -0.2

The development of business free cash flow in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is presented

in the following table:

Merck Serono | Business free cash flow and
change by quarter!

€million/change in %

°
g
=

Qi

387
a2 ae
Q3 492
a4 ee
oO

537

8.6%

0.3%

3.0%

Quarterly breakdown unaudited

Blox [ow


--- Page 72 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Consumer Health

Overview of 2013

~ Successful turnaround achieved in 2013
— EBITDA pre one-time items increases by 8.5% to € 72 million following
the implementation of efficiency measures
— EBITDA pre margin moves toward industry average thanks to profitability improvements
— Solid base for development in future years established

Consumer Health | Key figures

Change
€ million 2013 2012 in %
Total revenues 479.6 475.2 0.9
Sales 476.9 472.6 0.9
Operating result (EBIT) 62.2 76 -
Margin (% of sales) 13.0 1.6

EBITDA mA 29.8 138.6
Margin (% of sales) 14.9 6.3

EBITDA pre one-time items 72.8 66.8 8.5
Margin (% of sales) 15.2 14.1

Business free cash flow 83.9 88.8 -5.5

Development of total revenues and sales as well as results of operations

In 2013, the Consumer Health division reported a slight 0.9% increase in sales to € 477 million (2012:
€ 473 million). Strong organic growth of 5.6% was countered by a negative foreign exchange impact of
-4.7%, Europe and Emerging Markets, the two largest regions in terms of sales, were the main drivers of the
strong organic increases and the division's overall positive development. Four of the eight strategic brands
(Cebion®, Sangobion®, Kytta® and Femibion®) delivered double-digit organic growth rates and gained market
share in the division's key regions while the Bion®, Nasivin® and Sedalmerck® brands all posted growth rates
in the mid-to-high single digits. The negative foreign exchange impact was broad-based, but particularly
strong with respect to Latin American currencies, the British pound, the Indonesian rupiah, and the South

African rand.

103


--- Page 73 ---

104

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Consumer Health

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 as well as the respective organic
growth rates are presented in the following table:

Consumer Health | Sales and organic growth
by quarter!

€ million/organic growth in %

|
E

116
ai 5
a2 11 1.0%
a3 — 14.6%
a4 102 0.30%
0
* Quarterly breakdown unaudited
Fon fJz012
Consumer Health | Sales by region - 2013
€ million/% of divisional sales
4
1 Europe 328.1 69%
7 2 North America 1.1 0%
3. Emerging Markets 131.9 28%
2 4 Rest of World 15.8 3%

From a geographic perspective, all of the division's key regions delivered strong organic sales growth while
suffering from negative foreign exchange effects. Europe, which accounts for 69% of sales (2012: 67%) and
is the division's largest region, posted organic sales growth of 5.0% lowered by a foreign exchange impact of
-0.9%. The resulting 4.1% growth in this region thus generated sales of € 328 million (2012: € 315 million).
Notable organic sales increases were achieved particularly in Germany, France and Russia, more than offset-
ting the weaker performance of the British subsidiary Seven Seas. In Germany, robust demand for Femibion®
as well as the market launch of an odorless version of Kytta® had a visibly positive effect. France benefited
in particular from the market launch of Bion® Energie Continue as well as from very good demand for cough
and cold treatments in early 2013. Russia achieved strong growth with Nasivin® and Femibion®.


--- Page 74 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Consumer Health

In the Emerging Markets region, the division registered strong organic growth of 6.9%, which was mainly
attributable to Cebion®, Sangobion®, Bion®3 and Nasivin®. Taking substantial foreign exchange headwinds
of -12.3% into account, sales declined overall by -5.3% to € 132 million (2012: € 139 million). Good organic
sales growth was achieved, for example, in India, Indonesia and Brazil. The share of divisional sales accounted
for by the Emerging Markets region declined to 28% (2012: 29%), owing to negative foreign exchange effects
that stemmed mainly from Latin American currencies.

With organic sales growth of 5.7% and significant currency headwinds of -12.2%, the Rest of World
region generated sales of € 16 million (2012: € 17 million). The proportion of divisional sales accounted for
by this region therefore also declined to 3% (2012: 4%).

Consumer Health | Sales components by region - 2013

Organic Exchange Acquisitions/ Total
€ million/change in % Sales growth rate effects divestments change
Europe 328.1 5.0 -0.9 - 44
North America 14 -11 -0.8 - -1.9
Emerging Markets 131.9 6.9 -12.3 - 5.3
Rest of World 15.8 57 -12.2 - -6.5
Consumer Health 476.9 5.6 -4.7 - 0.9

Cost of sales increased slightly by 1.9%, totaling € 161 million in 2013 (2012: € 158 million). Gross profit
amounted to € 318 million (2012: € 317 million), remaining at the previous year's level and leading to a gross
margin of 66.7% (2012: 67.0%).

Marketing and selling expenses declined by -2.5% to € 213 million (2012: € 218 million) since activities
directed to consumers, pharmacies and health care professionals were focused on higher-return opportu-
nities. Administration expenses dropped by -8.7% to € 18 million (2012: € 20 million) and R&D expenses
fell by -12.2% to € 17 million (2012: € 19 million) as the division continued to sharpen the focus of its R&D
activities.

The net decline in other operating expenses to € 4 million (2012: € 46 million) was due mainly to the drop
in one-time items to € 1 million (2012: € 37 million). Furthermore, impairments of property, plant and equip-
ment as well as intangible assets, which totaled € 11 million in 2012, did not reoccur in 2013. The high level
of one-time items in 2012 was attributable to the restructuring measures within the scope of the “Fit for 2018"
transformation and growth program.

The reported operating result (EBIT) of the Consumer Health division increased by around € 54 million to
€ 62 million (2012: € 8 million) and EBITDA more than doubled, climbing to € 71 million (2012: € 30 million).
Adjusted for one-time items, EBITDA pre one-time items rose by 8.5% to € 72 million, or 15.2% of sales (2012:
€ 67 million or 14.19% of sales).

105


--- Page 75 ---

106

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Consumer Health

The implementation of the measures initiated as part of the “Fit for 2018" transformation and growth pro-
gram as well as better resource allocation improved the division's cost structure, leading to a visible increase
in profitability and the aforementioned organic top-line growth. In particular, the division's strategic brands,
which benefited most from more focused investment in marketing, sales and R&D activities, showed a strong
improvement in this respect.

Structural adaptations, for example changes to the product portfolio and the exit from unprofitable
markets, also resulted in a more profitable base for the division's business. Consumer Health thus established
a good foundation and achieved a high profitability level, which should form a solid starting base for develop-
ments in the coming years.

Consumer Health | Reconciliation EBIT to EBITDA pre one-time items

Change
€million 2013 2012 in %
Operating result (EBIT) 62.2 76 -
Depreciation/Amortization/Reversals of impairments 8.9 22.2 -59.9
EBITDA m4 29.8 138.6
One-time items 1.4 37.0 -96.2
EBITDA pre one-time items 72.5 66.8 8.5

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is pre-
sented in the following table:

Consumer Health | EBITDA pre one-time items and
change by quarter!

€million/change in %

14

ai 52.60

a2 3.9%

Se  *:
19
a  ::
Q3 19 25.4%
a:

a4 -25.1%

20

0

‘Quarterly breakdown unaudited

Blox [ow



--- Page 76 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Consumer Health

Development of business free cash flow
In 2013, business free cash flow of the Consumer Health division declined by € -5 million or -5.5% to € 84 mil-
lion (2012: € 89 million). This decrease was primarily due to changes in trade accounts receivable. The reduction
in this balance sheet item by € -13 million in 2013 compares with an even higher reduction of € -23 million in

2012. The increase in EBITDA pre one-time items mitigated this impact on business free cash flow.

Consumer Health | Business free cash flow

Change
€ million 2013 2012 in %
EBITDA pre one-time items 72.5 66.8 8.5
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as
advance payments for intangible assets -4.1 4.4 “11
Changes in inventories 21 3.2 -33.7
Changes in trade accounts receivable 13.4 23.2 42.2
Business free cash flow 83.9 88.8 5.5

The development of business free cash flow in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is presented

in the following table:

Consumer Health | Business free cash flow
and change by quarter!

€million/change in %

Qi

a2

a3

a4

ty)

a
20
25
W

—:
19

40
39

ty)

66.6%

127.3%

-35,0%

2.3%

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited

Bon

Jj2o12

107


--- Page 77 ---

108

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Performance Materials

Overview of 2013

— Slight decline in sales due to strong currency headwinds that outweighed organic growth

— Strong market position of the Liquid Crystals business unit confirmed due to further development of
existing products and high degree of innovation

— Trend toward larger and higher-resolution television displays has a positive impact on the product mix of
Liquid Crystals

— EBITDA pre margin rises sharply by more than three percentage points due to structural improvements in
the Pigments & Cosmetics business unit and a favorable product mix in Liquid Crystals

Performance Materials | Key figures

Change

€million 2013 2012 in %

Total revenues 1,644.4 1,675.6 -1.9

Sales 1,642.1 1,674.2 -1.9

Operating result (EBIT) 653.3 609.7 7.2
Margin (% of sales) 39.8 36.4

EBITDA 765.8 734.6 43
Margin (% of sales) 46.6 43.9

EBITDA pre one-time items 779.7 741.9 51
Margin (% of sales) 47.5 44.3

Business free cash flow 787.8 798.1 13

Development of total revenues and sales as well as results of operations

For the Performance Materials division, 2013 was another very successful year. In comparison with 2012, a
record year, sales increased organically by a further 3.0%. Taking into account currency headwinds of -4.9%,
divisional sales decreased by -1.9% to € 1,642 million (2012: € 1,674 million), thus remaining at a high level.
The adverse foreign exchange impact stemmed mainly from the Japanese yen, the Taiwanese dollar and the
U.S. dollar.

The Liquid Crystals business unit, which accounts for more than 70% of divisional sales, increased its
high market share, thus defending its market leadership in liquid crystal materials by continuously improving
its flagship technologies. The Liquid Crystals business unit benefited from the shift in demand toward techni-
cally more complex liquid crystals. These include materials based on polymer-stabilized vertical alignment
(PS-VA) technology, which are primarily used in large-sized, high-quality television displays.

In 2013, the Pigments & Cosmetics business unit achieved good organic sales growth thanks to higher
demand for decorative pigments, above all the Xirallic® product family, which is used in particular in auto-
motive coatings. The business unit recorded a slight increase in organic sales of functional materials.


--- Page 78 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Performance Materials

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 as well as the respective organic
growth rates are presented in the following table:

Performance Materials | Sales and organic growth
by quarter'

€million/organic growth in %

°

a1 9.9%

386
431
a2 ee 5.40

a3 446 =1.8%
a4 416 -0.7%
oO

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited

[oe Jor

Performance Materials | Sales by region - 2013

€ million/% of divisional sales

1
- 1 Europe 164.3 10%
2 North America 85.6 5%
3 Emerging Markets 1,236.6 75%
4 Rest of World 155.6 10%

In geographic terms, the Emerging Markets region accounted for 75% (2012: 730) of sales by the Performance
Materials division. This two percentage-point increase was attributable to good organic sales growth of 4.9%.
The high share of sales generated by this region is due to the concentration of liquid crystal customers in
Asia. Including a negative foreign exchange impact of -3.4%, sales increased by 1.5% to € 1,237 million (2012:
€ 1,218 million).

With sales of € 164 million (2012: € 160 million, Europe generated 10% (2012: 109%) of divisional sales.
Organic growth of 2.9% was achieved with both decorative pigments and functional materials.

The Rest of World region, which is dominated by Japan, recorded an organic sales decrease of -6.2%.
Along with strong currency headwinds of -18.3%, this resulted in sales of € 156 million (2012: € 206 million).
The Rest of World region's share of sales declined from 12% in 2012 to 10% in 2013.

109


--- Page 79 ---

110

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

—» Performance Materials

The North America region, where almost all sales are attributable to the Pigments & Cosmetics business unit,
contributed 5% to divisional sales (2012: 5%). Including the negative foreign exchange impact, the slight
decline in organic sales of -1.6% led to a total decline in sales of -4.4% to € 86 million (2012: € 90 million).
The Xirallic® pigments business achieved high organic sales increases that could not compensate, however,
for the weak demand for cosmetic active ingredients.

Performance Materials | Sales components by region - 2013

Organic Exchange — Acquisitions/ Total
€million/change in % Sales growth rate effects _ divestments change
Europe 164.3 2.9 0.4 - 2.5
North America 85.6 -1.6 -2.7 - -4.4
Emerging Markets 1,236.6 49 3.4 - 15
Rest of World 155.6 -6.2 -18.3 - -24.5
Performance Materials 1,642.1 3.0 -49 - -1.9

In 2013, the division's cost of sales decreased by -14% to € 616 million (2012: € 716 million). This decline was
primarily attributable to a more favorable product mix in liquid crystal materials as well as to efficiency
improvements in the Pigments & Cosmetics business unit achieved within the scope of the “Fit for 2018"
transformation and growth program. In comparison with 2012, gross profit thus grew by 7.2% to € 1,028
million (2012: € 959 million). This led to a significantly higher gross margin as a percentage of sales, which
rose by more than five percentage points to 62.6% (2012: 57.3%).

Marketing and selling expenses declined slightly by -1.6% to € 141 million (2012: € 143 million), and
administration expenses dropped by -10.7% to € 28 million (2012: € 31 million). RED expenses rose by 4.1%
to € 143 million (2012: € 137 million). The Liquid Crystals business unit, which maintained its market position
thanks to innovations and the further development of existing technologies, accounted for the vast majority
of research and development spending. As a percentage of sales, R&D expenses therefore increased to 8.7%
(2012: 8.2%). In 2013, the net rise in other operating expenses to € 48 million (2012: € 32 million) was mainly
due to the disposal of intangible assets as well as to an increase in one-time items.

The aforementioned development of income and expenses led to a 7.2% increase in the reported operat-
ing result (EBIT) to € 653 million (2012: € 610 million). Without the depreciation and amortization included in
EBIT, EBITDA rose by 4.3% to € 766 million (2012: € 735 million). Adjusted for one-time effects, EBITDA pre
one-time items rose by 5.1% to € 780 million (2012: € 742 million). Despite negative foreign exchange effects,


--- Page 80 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Performance Materials

the division's profitability, i.e. the EBITDA pre margin, rose to 47.5% of sales (2012: 44.3% of sales). This profit-
ability increase of more than three percentage points was primarily attributable to changes in the product

mix of the Liquid Crystals business unit; it was also the result of cost structure improvements in the Pigments

& Cosmetics business unit achieved through efficiency measures under the “Fit for 2018" transformation and

growth program.

Performance Materials | Reconciliation EBIT to EBITDA pre one-time items

Change
€ million 2013 2012 in %
Operating result (EBIT) 653.3 609.7 7.2
Depreciation/Amortization/Reversals of impairments 112.5 124.9 -9.9
EBITDA 765.8 734.6 43
One-time items 13.9 73 90.4
EBITDA pre one-time items 779.7 741.9 5A

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is pre-

sented in the following table :

Performance Materials | EBITDA pre one-time items and
change by quarter!

€million/change in %

oO
Q 207 27.0%
| 163
209
a2 193 8.4%
197
os LL
a4 189 11.6%
oO

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited

[bon Qzon

m


--- Page 81 ---

12

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Performance Materials

Development of business free cash flow

In 2013, the Performance Materials division generated business free cash flow of € 788 million (2012:
€ 798 million). Despite a € 38 million increase in EBITDA pre one-time items and the decrease in trade

accounts receivable, business free cash flow declined slightly by -1.3% due to higher capital spending and a
smaller reduction in working capital. Although the two relevant balance sheet items were further reduced by
€ -80 million in 2013, this total nevertheless fell short of the exceptionally high reduction of € -114 million

achieved in 2012.

Performance Materials | Business free cash flow

Change
€million 2013 2012 in %
EBITDA pre one-time items 779.7 741.9 51
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as
advance payments for intangible assets “71.7 -57.9 23.8
Changes in inventories 37.2 117.9 68.4
Changes in trade accounts receivable 42.6 -3.8 -
Business free cash flow 787.8 798.1 1.3

The development of business free cash flow in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is presented

in the following table:

Performance Materials | Business free cash flow

and change by quarter’

€million/change in %

0
199
a 183
202
02 166
220
a3
167
a4 204

°

245

8.5%

21.7%

-10.2%

-18.1%

Quarterly breakdown unaudited

Blox [ow


--- Page 82 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Merck Millipore

Overview of 2013

— Robust portfolio and solid organic growth counterbalance difficult market environment and negative
foreign exchange effects

— All business units contribute to organic growth, especially in Emerging Markets

— Profitability increases by approximately one percentage point owing to strong business performance
and strict cost control

Merck Millipore | Key figures

Change
€ million 2013 2012 in %
Total revenues 2,645.3 2,616.9 11
Sales 2,627.5 2,598.2 11
Operating result (EBIT) 262.0 251.7 41
Margin (% of sales) 10.0 97

EBITDA 589.8 560.9 5.2
Margin (% of sales) 22.4 21.6

EBITDA pre one-time items 642.8 614.4 46
Margin (% of sales) 24.5 23.6

Business free cash flow 493.8 511.3 -3.4

Development of total revenues and sales as well as results of operations

In 2013, the Merck Millipore division generated strong organic sales growth of 5.5% despite a challenging
market environment. Biochrom AG, Berlin, which was acquired in 2012, contributed 0.5% to the increase in
sales in 2013. Taking into account a negative foreign exchange impact of -4.8%, divisional sales increased by
1.1% to € 2,628 million (2012: € 2,598 million). Currency headwinds stemmed mainly from the Japanese yen,
the U.S. dollar, and the Indian rupee. At € 18 million, the royalty, license and commission income recorded by
the Bioscience and Process Solutions business units remained at the previous year's level.


--- Page 83 ---

"4 Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Merck Millipore

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 as well as the respective organic
growth rates are presented in the following table:

Merck Millipore | Sales and
organic growth by quarter'

€ million/organic growth in %

i)
669
a Pe so
a2 6: 5.6%
639
os TT

654
a4 J 6.7%
oO

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited

[bos oor

Merck Millipore | Sales by region - 2013

€ million/% of divisional sales

1 Europe 1,010.5 39%

Y 2. North America 711.5 27%

o 3. Emerging Markets 642.4 2400
4 Rest of World 263.1 10%

In 2013, the Merck Millipore division achieved positive organic growth rates in all regions. However, negative
foreign exchange effects were registered in all regions as well.

As the division's largest geographic market accounting for 39% of divisional sales (2012: 379%), Europe
generated sales of € 1,010 million (2012: € 966 million), representing organic sales growth of 4.2%. The rise
in sales was driven by all three business units: Process Solutions, Lab Solutions and Bioscience.


--- Page 84 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Merck Millipore

In North America, sales grew organically by 4.1%, largely offset by negative foreign exchange effects. Reported
growth was 1.2%, which represents an increase in sales to € 711 million (2012: € 703 million). The organic
increase in sales in this region mainly came from products from the Process Solutions and Lab Solutions
business units, offsetting weaker demand for laboratory materials from the Bioscience business unit.

The Emerging Markets region registered organic sales growth of 10.5% and a negative foreign exchange
impact of -6.6%. Including acquisition effects of 0.1%, sales rose to € 642 million (2012: € 617 million). The
strong organic sales development was fueled by good demand for products from all the division's business
units. The share of divisional sales generated by the Emerging Markets region remained at the previous year's
level of 24%.

Asa result of significant currency headwinds of -18.2%, especially relative to the Japanese yen, sales in
the Rest of World region declined to € 263 million (2012: € 312 million). With slight organic growth of 2.4%,
this region's share of divisional sales declined to 10% (2012: 12%).

Merck Millipore | Sales components by region - 2013

Organic Exchange Acquisitions/ Total
€ million/change in % Sales growth rate effects divestments change
Europe 1,010.5 4.2 -0.7 1.2 4.6
North America 711.5 41 -2.9 - 1.2
Emerging Markets 642.4 10.5 -6.6 0.1 41
Rest of World 263.1 24 -18.2 - -15.8
Merck Millipore 2,627.5 5.5 -4.8 0.5 1

All three business units contributed to the organic growth of the division in 2013. In particular, Lab Solutions
and Process Solutions, the two top-selling business units, generated good growth rates owing to price
increases and higher sales volumes. Lab Solutions, which accounted for an unchanged 42% share of divisional
sales, delivered good organic sales growth of 5.4% with its broad range of products for researchers and
scientific laboratories. However, negative foreign exchange effects of - 5.4% completely canceled out this
growth. The business unit's sales thus remained on par with 2012, amounting to € 1,097 million. Organic
growth was mainly driven by elevated demand for biomonitoring solutions, particularly from customers in
the pharmaceutical industry, as well as by price increases.

5


--- Page 85 ---

116

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Merck Millipore

The Process Solutions business unit, which markets products and services for the pharmaceutical production
value chain, generated organic sales growth of 7.7%, which was the highest rate within the Merck Millipore
division. Taking into account a negative foreign exchange effect of -4.1% as well as the increase in sales of
1.1% due to the acquisition of Biochrom AG, sales amounted to € 1,096 million in 2013 (2012: € 1,046 million).
Process Solutions thus accounted for 42% of divisional sales (2012: 409%). The increase was driven by higher
demand from the pharmaceutical industry for products used in biopharmaceutical manufacturing, especially
in Asia and the United States.

The Bioscience business unit, which primarily markets products and services for pharmaceutical, biotech-
nology and academic research laboratories, recorded a slight increase in organic sales of 0.3%. Including an
adverse foreign exchange impact of -4.8%, sales amounted to € 434 million (2012: € 455 million). In particu-
lar, across-the-board health care spending cuts in the United States softened demand. The share of divisional
sales accounted for by Bioscience in 2013 was 16% (2012: 18%).

Merck Millipore | Sales components by business unit - 2013

Organic Exchange — Acquisitions/ Total
€million/change in % Sales growth rate effects _ divestments change
Bioscience 434.2 0.3 -48 - -4.5
Lab Solutions 1,097.4 54 5.4 - -
Process Solutions 1,095.9 77 -4.1 1 48

In 2013, cost of sales amounted to € 1,104 million (2012: € 1,086 million) and rose by 1.7% compared with
2012. Nevertheless, this yielded a slightly higher gross profit of € 1,541 million (2012: € 1,531 million). Despite
negative foreign exchange effects, gross margin, as a percentage of sales, remained virtually unchanged at
58.6% (2012: 58.9%).

Marketing and selling expenses increased by 1.1% to € 683 million (2012: € 676 million). In 2013, the
division recorded a decline of -2.1% in administration expenses to € 99 million (2012: € 101 million). The net
increase in other operating expenses from € 117 million to € 121 million was mainly due to one-time items
(including impairments) of € 70 million (2012: € 54 million).

Merck Millipore's R&D expenses fell as a result of foreign exchange effects, among other things, to
€ 160 million (2012: € 166 million). In 2013, the ratio of RED spending to sales was therefore 6.1% (2012:
6.4%). In order to ensure a steady stream of product innovations, R&D expenses will remain at a high level
going forward. The Process Solutions business unit accounts for the vast majority of the R&D budget.


--- Page 86 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Merck Millipore

Currency translation effects were mainly responsible for the decline in amortization of intangible assets from
€ 204 million to € 200 million. Including these effects, the division's operating result (EBIT) rose by 4.1% to
€ 262 million (2012: € 252 million). After eliminating depreciation and amortization, EBITDA rose by 5.2% to
€ 590 million (2012: € 561 million). Adjusted for one-time charges, EBITDA pre rose by 4.6% to € 643 million,
or 24.5% of sales (2012: € 614 million, 23.6% of sales). Despite unfavorable foreign exchange developments
and the difficult market situation in North America, Merck Millipore increased its EBITDA pre margin, reflect-
ing strong organic growth, a resilient portfolio, and strict cost control.

Merck Millipore | Reconciliation EBIT to EBITDA pre one-time items

Change
€ million 2013 2012 in %
Operating result (EBIT) 262.0 251.7 4l
Depreciation/Amortization/Reversals of impairments 327.8 309.2 6.0
EBITDA 589.8 560.9 5.2
One-time items 53.0 53.5 -0.9
EBITDA pre one-time items 642.8 614.4 4.6

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is pre-
sented in the following table:

Merck Millipore | EBITDA pre one-time items and
change by quarter!

€million/change in %

0
162
a1 166 2.5%

a2 153 1.9%
a3 152 3.4%
168
a4 143 17.0%
oO

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited

[bon Qzon

7


--- Page 87 ---

18

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

+ Merck Millipore

Development of business free cash flow

In 2013, the Merck Millipore division generated business free cash flow of € 494 million (2012: € 511 million).
The -3.4% decline was largely due to the change in working capital. Whereas the total decrease of € -15 mil-

lion in working capital had a positive impact on business free cash flow in 2012, the increase in the relevant
balance sheet items by € 27 million in 2013 lowered this key figure accordingly. This effect was partially offset

by the increase in EBITDA pre one-time items.

Merck Millipore | Business free cash flow

Change
€million 2013 2012 in %
EBITDA pre one-time items 642.8 614.4 46
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as
advance payments for intangible assets -121.7 -118.0 31
Changes in inventories -21.3 0.2 -
Changes in trade accounts receivable -6.0 14.7 -
Business free cash flow 493.8 511.3 -3.4

The development of business free cash flow in the individual quarters in comparison with 2012 is presented

in the following table:

Merck Millipore | Business free cash flow
and change by quarter’

€million/change in %

0
se

ai 28.4
1

113
a2 08 187 44.6%
os Ss
a4 M7 144 -18.3%

°

Quarterly breakdown unaudited

Fos aor



--- Page 88 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other comprises Group administration expenses for Group functions that cannot be directly
allocated to the divisions, such as Finance, Procurement, Legal, Communications, and Human Resources.
Corporate costs additionally encompass expenses for central, non-allocated IT functions, including expenses
related to the expansion and harmonization of IT systems within the Merck Group. Accordingly, Corporate and
Other has no sales to report. Gains or losses on currency hedging are also disclosed in Corporate and Other.

Corporate and Other | Key figures

Change
€ million 2013 2012 in %
Operating result (EBIT) -259.7 -453.1 42.7
EBITDA 244.0 -445.1 ~45.2
EBITDA pre one-time items -196.7 -282.9 30.5
Business free cash flow 281.2 -309.1 -9.0

In 2013, administration expenses recorded under Corporate and Other increased to € 206 million (2012:
€ 183 million). “Other operating income and expenses" showed net expenses of € 47 million (2012: € 262 mil-
lion) for Corporate and Other. The sharp decline in net expenses compared with 2012 was mainly attributable
to one-time items as well as to the foreign currency result from operating activities. Expenses classified as
one-time items amounted to € 47 million in 2013 (2012: € 162 million). The significant decrease in comparison
with 2012 resulted mainly from the reduced restructuring charges for the “Fit for 2018" transformation and
growth program as well as from gains/losses from businesses already divested. In 2013, the foreign currency
result showed income of € 32 million, whereas a loss of € -58 million was posted in 2012.

Overall, the aforementioned effects improved EBIT by 42.7% to € -260 million (2012: € -453 million) and
EBITDA by 45.2% to € -244 million (2012: € -445 million). Adjusted for one-time effects, EBITDA pre totaled
€ -197 million in 2013 (2012: € -283 million). The business free cash flow reported under Corporate and Other
amounted to € -281 million in 2013 (2012: € -309 million).

19


--- Page 89 ---

120

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Internal Auditing con-
ducts regular reviews

Report on Risks and Opportunities

Risks and opportunities are inherent to entrepreneurial activity. Merck has put systems and processes in
place to identify risks at an early stage and to counteract them by taking appropriate action. At Merck, op-
portunity management is an integral component of internal decision-making processes such as short- and
medium-term operational planning and intra-year business plans. We are pursuing the goal of exploiting
opportunities and thereby enhancing the benefit to the Merck Group.

Risk and opportunity management

Merck is part of a complex, global business world and is exposed to a multitude of external and internal
influences. Every business decision is therefore based on the associated risks and opportunities.

In our internal risk reporting, risks are defined as possible future events or developments that could lead
to a negative deviation from our (financial) targets. In parallel, opportunities are defined as possible events
or developments that imply a positive deviation from our planned (financial) targets.

Risk management process

The objective of our risk management activities is to recognize, assess and manage risks early on and to
implement appropriate measures to minimize them. The responsibilities, objectives and process of risk
management are described in our internal risk management guideline. Group Controlling & Risk Management
forms the organizational framework for risk management and reports directly to the Group Chief Financial
Officer.

Within the context of the Group-wide risk management process, the division heads, managing directors
of Merck subsidiaries and heads of Group functions are specified as employees with responsibility for risk.
The group of consolidated companies for risk reporting purposes is the same as the group of consolidated
companies for the consolidated financial statements. Every six months, the risk owners assess their risk status
and report their entire risk portfolio to Risk Management. In addition to presenting risks, this also includes
reporting on measures to minimize risk. Merck uses special risk management software in the context of these
activities.

Risks are assessed in the internal risk management process on the basis of their possible negative effect
on the forecast financial targets and their anticipated probability of occurrence. If risk-mitigating measures
can be taken, their impact on risk is also assessed. The residual risk after the implementation of mitigation
measures is presented in the internal risk report as net risk. The planned timeframe for implementation and
the assumed mitigation effect are tracked by Group Risk Management.

Group Risk Management uses the information reported to determine the current risk portfolio for the
Merck Group, presenting this in a report to the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board and the Finance
Committee with detailed explanations twice per year. Furthermore, significant changes in the assessment of
the risks already known and new significant risks can be reported at any time and are communicated to the
corporate bodies on an ad hoc basis.

For the standard process, a lower limit for risk reporting is set at a value of € 5 million, and for the ad hoc
process at a value of € 25 million. Risks below these limits are managed independently in the units. The rel-
evant timeframe for internal risk reporting is five years. The effect of risks is presented as an annual value.


--- Page 90 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Selective investments
in growth markets are
part of the Group
opportunity manage-
ment process

The assessment of the risks presented relate to December 31, 2013. There were no relevant changes after the
end of the reporting period that would have necessitated an amended presentation of the risk situation of
the Group.

Within the scope of audits, Group Internal Auditing regularly reviews the performance of risk manage-
ment processes within the units and, at the same time, the communication of relevant risks from the operat-
ing units to Group Risk Management.

In addition to these bottom-up processes, Group Risk Management addresses potential risks and risk
areas on a top-down basis. This process is based on independent analyses of both internal and external
information.

Opportunity management process

The risk management system described concentrates on business risks, and not on opportunities at the same
time. The Merck Group's opportunity management process is integrated into our internal controlling pro-
cesses and carried out in the operating units on the basis of the Group strategy. The divisions analyze and
assess potential market opportunities as part of strategy and planning processes. In this connection, invest-
ment opportunities are examined and prioritized in terms of their potential value proposition to Merck in
order to ensure an effective allocation of resources. Thereby, Merck selectively invests in growth markets to
leverage the opportunities of dynamic development and customer proximity at a local level.

If the occurrence of the identified opportunities is rated as likely, they are incorporated into the business
plans and the medium-term forecasts. Trends going beyond this or events that could lead to a positive
development in the net assets, financial position and results of operations are presented in the following
report as opportunities. These could result in a positive deviation from forecasts and Merck's medium-term
prospects.

Risk and opportunity assessment

Risks
The significance of risks to Merck is calculated on the basis of their possible negative impact on the forecast
financial targets in conjunction with the probability of occurrence of the respective risk. In line with these
two factors, risks are classified as “high”, “medium” or “low".

The underlying scales for measuring these factors are shown below:

Probability of occurrence

ry of occurrence Explanation

Unlikely

Possible
Likely
Very likely

121


--- Page 91 ---

122

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Degree of impact

Degree of impact Explanation

Critical negative impact on the net assets,
> €50 million financial position and results of operations

Substantial negative impact on the net assets,
€ 20-50 million financial position and results of operations

Moderate negative impact on the net assets,
€ 5-20 million financial position and results of operations

Insignificant negative impact on the net assets,
< €5 million financial position and results of operations

In our process, individual risks are quantified as specifically as possible and the probability of occurrence of
the risk is estimated. The combination of the two factors results in the risk matrix below, which shows the
individual risks and their significance to Merck.

Risk matrix

Impact Risk matrix

> € 50 million Medium Medium High High

€ 20-50 million Medium Medium Medium High

€ 5-20 million Low Medium Medium Medium
<€ 5 million Low Low Low Low
Probability of occurrence < 20% 20-50% 51-80% > 80%
Opportunities

Opportunities are assessed in their respective specific business environment. Marketing measures for opera-
tional planning are usually quantified in relation to sales and EBITDA. Net present value, the return on capital
employed (ROCE) and the amortization period of the investment are used to assess and prioritize investment
opportunities. Similarly, scenarios are frequently set up to simulate the influence of possible fluctuations and
changes in the respective factors on results. There is no overarching, systematic classification of the probabil-
ity of occurrence and impact of opportunities.


--- Page 92 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Internal control system for the Group accounting process

The objective of the internal control system for the accounting process is to implement controls that provide
assurance that the financial statements are prepared in compliance with the relevant accounting laws and
standards. It covers measures designed to ensure the complete, correct and timely transfer and presentation
of information that is relevant to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the manage-
ment report of the Merck Group.

The control system is subject to continuous further development and is an integral component of the
accounting and financial reporting processes in all relevant local units and Merck Group functions.

With respect to the accounting process, the measures of the internal control system are intended to
minimize the risk of a material misstatement in the consolidated accounting process of the Merck Group.

Key tools

The internal control system is geared to ensuring the accuracy of the consolidated accounting process and
the implementation of internal controls for the preparation of compliant financial statements with reasonable
assurance. The Group Accounting function centrally steers the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements of Merck KGaA as the parent company of the Merck Group. This Group function defines the
reporting requirements that all Merck subsidiaries must meet as a minimum requirement. At the same time,
this function steers and monitors the scheduling and process-related requirements of the consolidated
financial statements. The Group-wide accounting guidelines form the basis for the preparation of the statu-
tory financial statements of the parent company as well as of the German and foreign subsidiaries; the
guidelines are adapted to reflect changes in the financial regulatory environment and are updated in accord-
ance with internal reporting requirements. One of the requirements of the Group-wide guidelines is to present
internal business processes as the basis for proper settlement of intercompany balances. Additional controls
have been implemented in the consolidation process.

Group Accounting also ensures the timely central management of changes to the equity holding structure
and correspondingly adapts the Merck Group's scope of consolidation. The individual companies have a local
internal control system. Where financial processes are handled by a Shared Service Center, the internal control
system of the Shared Service Center is additionally applied. They ensure that accounting complies with IFRS
(International Financial Reporting Standards) and with the Merck Group accounting guidelines.

Group Accounting provides support to the local contacts and ensures a consistently high quality of
reporting throughout the entire reporting process.

The accounting process is designed at all levels to ensure a clearly defined segregation of duties and
assignment of responsibilities to the units involved in the accounting process at all times within the scope of
continuous dual control.

For the assessment of balance sheet items, Group Accounting closely cooperates with Group Risk Manage-
ment in order to correctly present potential balance sheet risks. For special issues, such as the measurement
of intangible assets and pension obligations, external experts are additionally involved where necessary. For
the Group accounting process, Merck uses in most countries a standard SAP software tool. Via a detailed
authorization concept to limit user rights on a need-to-have basis, and in line with the principles of the separa-
tion of duties, the system contains both single-entity reporting and the consolidated financial statements.

123


--- Page 93 ---

124

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~ Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Changes in customer
demand or new political
conditions can impact
the forecast results

The effectiveness of Merck's internal control system with regard to accounting and the compliance of
financial reporting by the individual companies is confirmed by both the local managing director and the local
chief financial officer when they sign the single-entity reporting. All the structures and processes described
are subject to regular review by Group Internal Auditing based on an annual audit plan set out by the Execu-
tive Board. The results of these audits are dealt with by the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board and the
Finance Committee.

The internal control system at Merck makes it possible to lower the risk of material misstatements in
accounting to a minimum. However, no internal control system - regardless of its design - can entirely rule
out a residual risk.

Business-related risks and opportunities

Merck integrates its risk management into its ongoing business planning processes. Identified risks and
opportunities are taken into account in internal planning provided that it can be assumed that these risks and
opportunities are probable in the planning period. The risks and opportunities presented in the risk and
opportunities report below are those possible future events that could respectively lead to a further negative
or positive deviation from planning.

Potential extraordinary negative developments, such as changes in customer demand or new political
conditions, are identified, described and assessed as part of the internal risk management process. We can
therefore take countermeasures early on if any events lead to deviations from planning. Risks in connection
with investment decisions are mitigated by the use of detailed guidelines.

During the planning processes, potential business opportunities are also analyzed and discussed along-
side risks. As part of its Group strategy, Merck actively pursues the opportunities that arise, investing
selectively in, for example, growth markets. Furthermore, deviations from the macroeconomic conditions
assumed in planning, such as economic growth and expected segment-specific developments, e.g. change in
the demand for key products of the Merck Serono division, can lead to positive deviations from the planned
results.

Political and regulatory risks and opportunities
As a global company, Merck faces political and regulatory changes in a large number of countries and
markets.

Risk of more restrictive regulatory requirements regarding drug pricing, reimbursement and approval

In its Pharmaceuticals business, Merck faced increasingly restrictive requirements in 2013 in terms of drug
pricing, reimbursement and approval, a trend familiar in many countries. These requirements can negatively
influence the profitability of Merck's products and jeopardize the success of market launches and new
approvals. Close communication with health and regulatory authorities serves as a preventive measure to
avert risks. The risks are classified on a market- and product-specific basis; overall this is rated as a medium
risk to Merck.


--- Page 94 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Merck is subject to the
European chemicals
regulation REACH

Risk of stricter regulations for the manufacture, testing and marketing of products

In its Chemicals business, Merck must adhere to a multitude of regulatory specifications regarding the manu-
facture, testing and marketing of many of its products. More stringent regulations worldwide can have a
negative impact on Merck's production costs and product portfolio. Specifically in the European Union, Merck
is subject to the European chemicals regulation REACH, which is designed to ensure a high level of protection
for people and the environment. It demands comprehensive tests for chemical products. Test procedures can
be costly and time-intensive, and lead to a rise in production costs. Moreover, the use of chemicals in produc-
tion could be restricted, which would make it impossible to continue manufacturing certain products. As
Merck is constantly pursuing research and development in substance characterization, and in the possible
substitution of critical substances, the occurrence of this risk is thought unlikely. Nevertheless, it is still
classified as a medium risk given its potential impact on the net assets, financial position and results of
operations.

Risk of destabilization of political systems and the establishment of trade barriers

Like changes in monetary policy, the destabilization of political systems and the possible establishment of
trade barriers can lead to declines in sales in certain countries and regions. Diversification in terms of prod-
ucts, industries and regions enables the mitigation of potential negative effects. The effects of corresponding
risks are taken into account to the best of ability in the business plans for the countries and regions con-
cerned. In particular, our business can furthermore be affected by macroeconomic developments in, for
example, Venezuela and Argentina. Corresponding sales strategy measures have been introduced in these
countries to minimize the impact on business. Nevertheless, the residual net risk could have a substantial
effect on the net assets, financial position and results of operations and its occurrence is considered possible.
Merck rates this as a medium risk overall.

Opportunity of positive benefit/risk assessment of Erbitux® for patients with metastatic colorectal
cancer (mCRC)

At the end of 2013, the European Commission approved the updated labeling for one of the main products
of the Merck Serono division, Erbitux® (cetuximab) for metastatic colorectal cancer, to include patients with
RAS wild-type tumors. In doing so the European Commission followed the positive opinion from the Com-
mittee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) also issued
at the end of 2013, which advocated the amendment of product information. The exact effect of the updated
approval status can be quantified only with difficulty, but it could lead to slight additional increases in the
sales assumed for Erbitux®.

Market risks and opportunities

Merck competes with numerous companies in the pharmaceutical, chemical and life science sectors. Rising
competitive pressure can have a significant impact on the quantities sold and prices possible for Merck
products and services.

125


--- Page 95 ---

126

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~ Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Market risks at Merck
Serono due to increasing
competitive pressure,
especially with respect
to Rebif®

Market opportunities
offered by partnership
with Dr. Reddy's Labora-
tories Ltd. in India and
economic recovery in
Europe

Risk and opportunity of a changing market environment for multiple sclerosis products in the EU

In 2014, the Merck Serono division will face tougher competition as a result of significant changes in the
market environment for multiple sclerosis products in the EU. Several new competitors to our product Rebif®
are expected to enter the market. Strategies for defending market share have been launched and their impact
as well as the development of the market, are being monitored on an ongoing basis. The Merck Serono
division has made assumptions to this effect in its planning, however there could probably be an additional
moderate impact nevertheless on the net assets, financial position and results of operations. This is rated as
a medium risk. If there are delays in the market entry of competitors, a slight improvement in the sales situ-
ation for Rebif® compared to planning is possible.

Risk of greater competitive pressure due to biosimilars

Furthermore, biological products from the Merck Serono division could come under greater competitive
pressure from biosimilars. Specific regulatory directives apply to the development and approval of competing
biosimilars that use the reference data of biological products already approved. Frameworks have been drawn
up in both the EU and the United States to enable biosimilars to enter the markets as soon as the exclusive
rights of the original products expire. The products Rebif® and Gonal-f® could be affected in particular. The
effects of corresponding risks are taken into account as far as possible in the plans for the countries and
regions concerned.

Opportunity due to the existing partnership in the field of biosimilars

The prospects of the development and approval of biosimilars also entail opportunities for Merck. Over nearly
the past two years, Merck has taken its first steps in this direction and, among other courses of action, has
entered into a partnership with Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd., Hyderabad, India, for the joint development of
a portfolio of biosimilars in oncology. The cost of development has been taken into account in Merck's plans,
while a significant contribution to sales development is not to be expected until the medium to long term.

Opportunity due to unexpectedly strong economic recovery in Europe and the United States

A stronger economic recovery in Europe and the United States than forecast by Merck, and the associated
rise in investment activity by the private and public sectors is an opportunity for the Merck Millipore division
in particular, as well as for the other divisions. Both public spending on academic institutions and the
research costs of pharmaceutical companies recently came under heavy pressure as a result of the financial
crisis and the high sovereign debt of many key countries. However, the probability of a more rapid recovery
is low, and a possible effect is therefore also rated as immaterial.

Opportunity due to screen size growth in the display market

The development in the display market is currently being driven by growing screen sizes in particular. In
addition, major events such as the FIFA World Cup 2014 in Brazil could stimulate consumer demand for the
latest TVs. Therefore, we by all means see the possibility of a somewhat more positive development in the
display market than forecast for 2014. However, the effect on sales and EBITDA pre one-time items in the
Performance Materials division would be rather marginal in such a case as the market is dominated by other
effects such as price pressure and continuing competition.


--- Page 96 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Initiative launched to
improve the positioning
of Consumer Health

Implementation of a
new organizational

structure and strength-
ening external research

Opportunity due to positioning of core strategic brands in the Consumer Health division

There is the opportunity for the Consumer Health division in particular to further consolidate the position of
its core strategic brands and to expand its presence in the emerging markets. An initiative has been launched
for this purpose that can sustainably contribute to growth in sales and EBITDA pre one-time items. The
transfer of the products Neurobion® and Floratil® to the division as of January 1, 2014 could provide addi-
tional impetus since this will enable Consumer Health to expand its focus on strategic brands.

Risks and opportunities of research and development

For Merck, innovation is a major element of the Group strategy. Research and development projects can
experience delays, expected budgets can be exceeded, or targets remain unmet. Research and development
are of special importance to the Pharmaceuticals business. Therefore, research and development projects are
constantly monitored by the internal portfolio management system. In the course of portfolio management,
we regularly evaluate and, if necessary, refocus research areas and all R&D pipeline projects.

Risks of discontinuing development projects and regulatory approval of developed medicines
Sometimes development projects are discontinued at a late phase of clinical development after high levels of
investment. Decisions - such as those relating to the transition to the next clinical phase - are taken with a
view to minimizing risk. Furthermore, there is the risk that the regulatory authorities either do not grant or
delay approval, which can have an impact on earnings. Additionally, there is the danger that undesirable side
effects of a pharmaceutical product could remain undetected until after approval or registration, which could
result in a restriction of approval or withdrawal from the market.

Merck is currently not aware of any risks beyond general development risks that could significantly affect
the net assets, financial position and results of operations.

Opportunities due to new initiatives in research and development

Merck has made major changes to pharmaceutical research and development in the past two years. A new
organizational structure was implemented and the level of external research was raised. For example, the
company's own strategic venture capital fund MS Ventures was increased to € 100 million and research
collaborations in Israel were intensified. The Merck Serono pipeline was redesigned and new development
agreements were entered into, for example with Threshold Pharmaceuticals Inc. Similarly, Merck is pursuing
an innovative approach in the development and performance of clinical trials, and has entered into a strategic
alliance with Quintiles, the world's largest service provider for biopharmaceutical development and marketing.
Owing to the relatively long cycles in active ingredient development, Merck expects that the effects of these
changes will not be reflected in the results of the Merck Serono division until some point in the medium to
long term, but feels that there are excellent prospects for future sales and profitability.

127


--- Page 97 ---

128

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~ Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Internal inspections
and external audits to
ensure compliance with
quality standards

Risks and opportunities of product quality and availability

Risk of a temporary ban on products/production facilities or of non-registration of products due to
non-compliance with quality standards

Merck is required to comply with the highest standards of quality in the manufacture of pharmaceutical
products (Good Manufacturing Practice). In this regard Merck is subject to the supervision of the regulatory
authorities.

Conditions imposed by national regulatory authorities could result in a temporary ban on products/
production facilities, and possibly affect new registrations with the respective authority. Merck takes the
utmost efforts to ensure compliance with regulations, regularly performs its own internal inspections and
carries out external audits. Despite these quality assurance processes, the occurrence of a risk cannot be
wholly ruled out, however it is considered unlikely. Depending on the product concerned and the severity of
the objection, such a risk could have a critical negative impact on the net assets, financial position and results
of operations. Therefore, Merck rates this as a medium risk.

Risk of an import ban on products to the United States due to an FDA warning letter

On December 15, 2011, Merck received a warning letter from the United States Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) in connection with inspections of production facilities in Tiburtina (Italy) as well as Aubonne and Vevey
(Switzerland). Rebif® and other products intended for sale in the United States are manufactured at these
sites. Above all, the letter referred to various procedures in conjunction with the manufacture of Rebif® that,
in the opinion of the FDA, were not fully in compliance with the standards of Good Manufacturing Practice.
Over the past two years, Merck has worked closely with the FDA to eliminate these concerns. Corrective action
was coordinated with the FDA and implemented in a timely manner. The FDA conducted follow-up inspections
in 2013. The procedure had not yet been formally closed out by the FDA on the reporting date. However, in
the successful follow-up inspections of all three production sites concerned, it was confirmed in writing that
the action taken was considered adequate. Given the corrective action taken, the probability of occurrence
of a possible import ban on the products concerned to the United States has been downgraded to unlikely.
On the basis of the potentially damaging effect on the net assets, financial position and results of operations
until the procedure is closed out by the FDA, Merck rates this as a medium risk.

Risks of dependency on suppliers

Quality controls along the entire value chain minimize the risks related to product quality and availability. This
begins with the qualification of our suppliers and continues with comprehensive quality requirements for raw
materials, purchased semi-finished goods and facilities as well as long-term strategic alliances for precursor
products critical to supply and price. Merck is dependent on individual suppliers of precursor products for
some of its main products. In the event that one of these suppliers curtails or discontinues production, or
supply is disrupted, this would possibly have a critical impact on the Merck operations concerned. With
long-term strategic alliances for precursor products critical to supply and price as well as alternative sourcing
strategies, Merck minimizes the probability of occurrence of these risks and rates them as unlikely. Overall,
these are classified as medium risks.


--- Page 98 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Danger of product
liability risks

Merck Anti-Counter-
feiting Operational
Network in place to fight
product-related crime

Damage and product liability risks

Further risks include the risk of operational failures due to force majeure, for example natural disasters such
as floods or earthquakes, which could lead to a substantial interruption or restriction of business activities.
Insofar as it is possible and economical to do so, the Group limits its damage risks with insurance coverage,
the nature and extent of which is constantly adapted to current requirements. Although the occurrence of
these risks is considered unlikely, an individual event could have a critical effect on the net assets, financial
position and results of operations and is therefore classified as a medium risk.

Companies in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries are exposed to product liability risks in particu-
lar. Product liability risks can lead to considerable claims for damages and costs to avert damages. Merck has
taken out the liability insurance that is standard in the industry for such risks. However, it could be that the
insurance coverage available is insufficient for individual cases. Although the occurrence of product liability
claims in excess of the existing insurance coverage is considered unlikely, individual cases could still have a
critical effect on the net assets, financial position and results of operations. Merck therefore rates potential
product liability risk as a medium risk.

Risks due to product-related crime and espionage

As a manufacturer and supplier of high-quality pharmaceuticals and chemicals, Merck - like other companies
in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries - faces certain risks due to crime. These include, among
others, theft, misuse and counterfeiting of products (including attempts at these crimes). This often goes
hand in hand with an infringement of trademark rights. The professionalism and complexity of product-
related crime has increased significantly in recent years. In the relevant cases, Merck works closely and
trustfully with the competent prosecution authorities in the countries concerned. To combat product-related
crime, several years ago Merck established an internal coordination network covering all functions and
divisions ("Merck Anti-Counterfeiting Operational Network") headed by Group Security, which provides a
reliable interface to authorities, associations and partner companies. Particularly with regard to the unknown
number of cases in the area of product-related crime, the material damage to Merck cannot be estimated. Its
influence on business activities depends on the individual case in question as well as factors specific to
regions and products. Product-related crime is therefore categorized as a medium risk at Merck.

At Merck, the undesirable loss of information by any possible form of offence is subsumed under the risk
category “espionage”. Above all, particular importance is attached in this regard to the protection of sensitive
business information, data protection and the protection of tangible and intangible expertise. On the one
hand this intersects with risks resulting from digital data processing and communication, but it also covers
threats that are not IT-based. With the aim of preventing unwanted diversion of information, a high-ranking
Intellectual Property Management Committee (IPMC) was established in one division at Merck as a pilot
scheme. Spearheaded by Group Security, it applies a holistic protection concept that, in addition to technical
IT security, information and data protection measures, also comprises further targeted security measures.
The risk of an unwanted loss of information due to espionage is classified as possible despite the measures
taken and could significantly impact the net assets, financial position and result of operations.

129


--- Page 99 ---

130

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~ Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Merck has a central
Group-wide liquidity
management process

Opportunities due to local presence in high-growth markets

In the coming years, Merck is still anticipating strong growth in the emerging markets in all divisions. In order
to further enable this growth, Merck has initiated several investment projects, such as the construction of
new production facilities for liquid crystals and the establishment of a new Merck Serono site in China. The
greater local presence and customer proximity can lend Merck a key competitive edge and, in the medium to
long term, offers the opportunity for significant additional growth in sales and EBITDA pre one-time items.

Financial risks and opportunities

As a corporate group that operates internationally and due to its presence in the capital market, Merck is
exposed to various financial risks and opportunities. Above all, these are liquidity and counterparty risks,
market opportunities and risks, risks of fluctuations in the market values of operational tangible and intan-
gible assets, as well as risks and opportunities from pension obligations.

Risk and opportunity management in relation to the use of financial instruments

In the area of financial risks and opportunities, Merck uses an active management strategy to reduce the
effects of fluctuations in exchange and interest rates. The management of financial risks and opportunities
by using derivatives in particular is regulated by extensive guidelines. Speculation is prohibited. Derivative
transactions are subject to constant risk controls. A strict separation of functions between trading, settlement
and control functions is ensured.

Liquidity risks

In order to ensure its continued existence, a company must be able to fulfill its commitments from operating
and financial activities at all times. Merck therefore has a central Group-wide liquidity management process
to reduce potential liquidity risks. Furthermore, Merck has a multi-currency revolving credit facility of € 2 bil-
lion with a term of five years and two extension options of one year each that, above and beyond the Group's
positive operating cash flow, ensures continuing solvency if any liquidity bottlenecks occur. As our loan
agreements do not contain any financial covenants, these agreed lines of credit can be accessed even if
Merck's credit rating should deteriorate. In addition, in fiscal 2009 Merck set up a debt issuance program that
forms the contractual basis for the issue of bonds. In 2013, the volume of this program was increased from
€ 10 billion to € 15 billion. The liquidity risk is rated as unlikely overall.

Counterparty risks
Counterparty risks arise from the potential default by a partner in connection with financial investments,
loans and financing commitments on the one hand and receivables in operating business on the other.

As for counterparty risks from financial transactions, Merck reviews all positions relating to trading
partners and their credit ratings on a daily basis. Merck manages financial risks of default by diversifying its
financial positions and thereby by the active management of its trading partners. Significant financial trans-
actions involving credit risk are entered into with banks and industrial companies that have a good credit
rating. Moreover, Merck's large banking syndicate - the multi-currency revolving credit facility of € 2 billion
was syndicated by 19 banks - reduces possible losses in the event of default.


--- Page 100 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

The solvency and operational development of trading partners is regularly reviewed as part of the manage-
ment of operational counterparty risks. Sovereign risks are also analyzed; this focuses in particular on Italy,
Spain, Greece, and Portugal. The volume of receivables of each customer is capped in line with their credit
ratings. Risk-mitigating measures, such as credit insurance, are utilized as appropriate. Nevertheless, defaults
by isolated trading partners, even those with outstanding credit ratings, cannot be entirely ruled out, although
rated as unlikely (further information can be found in “Credit risks" under “Management of financial risks" in
the notes to the consolidated financial statements). Counterparty risk is classified as a medium risk overall.

Market opportunities and risks

As a result of its international business activities and global corporate structure, Merck is exposed to risks
and opportunities from fluctuations in exchange rates. These result from financial transactions, operating
receivables and liabilities, forecast future cash flows from sales and costs in foreign currency. Merck uses
derivatives to manage and reduce the above risks and opportunities. The exchange rates for transactions
already recognized, such as operating receivables and liabilities in foreign currency, are essentially hedged. In
certain cases, the exchange rate for forecast sales and future costs in foreign currency are hedged up to
36 months in advance (further information can be found in “Derivative financial instruments" in the notes to
the consolidated financial statements).

Future refinancing and cash investments are exposed to the risks and opportunities of interest rate
fluctuations. These are also managed and reduced using derivatives. Currency risks are rated as possible and
after hedging are classed as a medium risk; interest rate risks are considered unlikely and are classed as a low
risk.

Risks of impairment on balance sheet items

The carrying amounts of individual balance sheet items are subject to the risk of changing market and busi-
ness conditions and thus to changes in fair values as well. If required, impairment losses can result in signifi-
cant non-cash reductions in earnings and affect the accounting ratios. This applies in particular to the high
level of intangible assets including goodwill, which have become significantly more important in the consoli-
dated financial statements as a result of the acquisitions of Serono SA in 2007 and the Millipore Corporation
in 2010, and the associated purchase price allocation (further information can be found under “Intangible
assets" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). All relevant risks were assessed during the
preparation of the consolidated financial statements and taken into account accordingly. Merck rates risks
beyond this as low.

Risk and opportunities from pension obligations

Merck has commitments in connection with pension obligations. The present value of defined benefit obliga-
tions can be significantly increased or reduced by changes in the relevant valuation parameters, e.g. the
interest rate or future salary increases. Pension obligations are regularly assessed as part of annual actuarial
reports. Some of these obligations are covered by the pension provisions reported in the balance sheet, while
other obligations are externally funded (further information can be found under "Provisions for pensions and
other post-employment benefits” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). To the extent that
pension obligations are covered by plan assets consisting of interest-bearing securities, shares, real estate,
and other financial assets, decreasing or negative returns on these assets can adversely affect the fair value

131


--- Page 101 ---

132

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~ Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Credit rating is the best
in Merck’s history

The Merck Code of
Conduct helps to
control legal risks

of plan assets and thus result in further additions to pension provisions. By contrast, rising returns increase
the value of plan assets, thereby resulting in excess cover of plan liabilities. Merck increases the opportunities
of fluctuations in the market value of plan assets on the one hand and reduces the risks on the other by using
a diversified investment strategy. The risk of pension liabilities is considered possible and is classed as a
medium risk.

Assessments by independent rating agencies

The capital market uses the assessments published by rating agencies to help lenders to assess the risks of
a financial instrument. Merck is currently rated by Standard & Poor's and Moody's, and its ratings from these
agencies rose in 2013 to the best level in the history of the Merck Group: While Standard & Poor's issued a
long-term rating of A with a stable outlook, Moody's issued it an A3 rating with a stable outlook. In line with
market procedures, Merck's financing conditions are closely tied to its rating. The better a rating, the more
favorably Merck can generally raise funds on the capital market or from banks.

Overview of rating development:

2008 2009 > 20104 2011 20124 2013
sap Moody's
A
A- a3
BBB+ Baal
BBB Baa2
Baa3

Source: Merck KGaA

EMooy's fsa
Legal risks

Merck generally strives to minimize and control its legal risks. Merck has taken the necessary precautions to
identify threats and defend our rights where necessary. A compliance program for our employees is in place
around the world which requires them to comply with laws and guidelines, and which provides them with the
relevant training and support. At the heart of this program is the Merck Code of Conduct, which sets out
guidelines for ethical behavior. This program helps to reduce the risk of major legal violations, for example of
the regulations defined by antitrust or anticorruption law.

Nevertheless, Merck is still exposed to litigation risks or legal proceedings. In particular, these include
risks in the areas of product liability, competition and antitrust law, pharmaceutical law, patent law, tax law,
and environmental protection. As a research-based company, Merck has a valuable portfolio of industrial


--- Page 102 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

property rights, patents and brands that can become the target of attacks and infringements. The outcome
of future proceedings or those currently pending is difficult to foresee. Court or official rulings or settlements
can lead to expenses with a significant impact on our business and earnings.

Tax risks are reviewed regularly and systematically by Group Tax. Corresponding standards and guidelines
are used in order to identify tax risks at an early stage as well as to review, evaluate and correspondingly
minimize them. Risk minimization measures are coordinated by Group Tax together with the subsidiaries
abroad.

In our opinion, the lawsuits described below constitute the most significant legal risks. This should not
be seen as an exhaustive list of all legal disputes currently ongoing. Generally, it is not possible to rule out
that Merck will face third-party claims arising from the same issue despite the conclusion of legal
proceedings.

Risks from product-related and patent law disputes
Rebif®: In Israel, Merck is party to three legal disputes with Israel Bio-Engineering Project Limited Partnership
(“IBEP"). IBEP is asserting claims for intellectual property rights and the payment of license fees. The legal
disputes are connected to the financing of the development of Rebif®, a drug for the treatment of multiple
sclerosis, and other products in the early 1980s. Merck has taken appropriate accounting measures. In the
liquidity assessment, Merck rates this risk high as potential critical negative effects cannot be ruled out.
Merck is also involved in a patent dispute in the United States with Biogen IDEC Inc. (Massachusetts, USA)
("Biogen"). Biogen claims that the sale of Rebif® in the United States infringes on a Biogen patent. The dis-
puted patent was granted to Biogen in 2009 in the United States. Subsequently, Biogen sued Merck and other
pharmaceutical companies for infringement of this patent. Merck defended itself against all allegations and
brought a countersuit claiming that the patent was invalid and not infringed on by Merck's actions. A “Mark-
man hearing" was held in January 2012. The parties are now engaged in court-ordered mediation proceedings.
Merck has taken appropriate accounting measures. Given the potential critical negative effects of the dispute
in the liquidity assessment, Merck nevertheless classifies this as a high risk.

Risks from antitrust law proceedings

Raptiva®: In December 2011, the Brazilian federal state of Sao Paulo sued Merck for damages owing to alleged
collusion between various pharmaceutical companies and an association of patients suffering from psoriasis
and vitiligo. This collusion is alleged to have been intended to increase sales of the medicines from the
companies involved to the detriment of patients and state coffers. Moreover, patients are also suing for
damages in connection with the product Raptiva®. Merck has taken appropriate accounting measures for
these issues. Risks in excess of this with a substantial negative effect on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations cannot be ruled out, but are considered unlikely. This is rated as a medium risk.

Risks from drug pricing by the divested Generics Group

Merck continues to bear the risk of having to defend against certain litigation brought against the Generics
Group, which was sold to Mylan, Inc. (USA) in 2007. In this context, Merck remains responsible for risks from
cases in the United States concerning drug pricing. Merck has taken appropriate accounting measures on the
basis of possible scenarios. Since, in the worst case scenario, this would result in a substantial impact on the
net assets, financial position and results of operations, with the possibility of the net risk occurring, Merck
rates this as a medium risk.

133


--- Page 103 ---

134

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~ Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Retaining employees is
one of Merck’s declared
aims

Paroxetine: In connection with the divested generics business, Merck is subject to antitrust investigations by
the British Office of Fair Trading ("OFT") in the United Kingdom. In March 2013, the OFT informed Merck of
the assumption that a settlement agreement entered into in 2002 between Generics (UK) Ltd. and Glaxo-
SmithKline in connection with the antidepressant drug paroxetine violates British and European competition
law. As the owner of Generics (UK) Ltd. at the time, Merck was allegedly involved in the settlement negotia-
tions and is therefore liable. The investigations into Generics (UK) Ltd. started in 2011, without Merck being
aware of this. It is considered likely that the OFT will impose a fine on Merck. Merck has taken appropriate
accounting measures. Given the lawsuit's potential substantial negative impact in the liquidity assessment,
Merck nevertheless classifies this as a medium risk.

Citalopram: In June 2013, the European Commission imposed a fine on Merck for various agreements
between its former subsidiary Generics (UK) Ltd. and the Danish company Lundbeck, which related to the
antidepressant citalopram, patented by Lundbeck. Sufficient appropriate accounting measures have been
taken for the risk. Merck has filed an appeal with the European Court.

Risks and opportunities in human resources

Merck's future growth is highly dependent on its innovative strength. Therefore, the expertise and engage-
ment of employees in all areas in which Merck operates are crucial to the success of the company.

The markets relevant to Merck are characterized by intensive competition for qualified specialists and by
demographic challenges. One of the key priorities for our company is therefore not just recruiting but also
retaining specialists and talented employees in the long term. In this context, the focus on highly competitive
and rapidly growing markets makes it especially necessary to have engaged employees. Fluctuation risks
specific to countries and industries have to be identified ahead of time and specifically addressed in order to
keep the skills and expertise critical to success and business within the company.

Merck addresses these challenges firstly with globally implemented talent and succession processes that
systematically identify and promote the potential of employees. Furthermore, Merck uses targeted employee
development programs to support young and experienced talented employees in their career development,
particularly in our strategic markets, as well as to develop and retain expertise crucial to success within the
company. These measures are supplemented by competitive compensation packages and attractive benefits
that Merck regularly reviews through ongoing peer comparisons and audits, thereby securing and maintaining
its financial appeal as an employer.

Sourcing, recruiting and retaining specialists and talent at Merck are among the company's top priorities.
Nevertheless, employee-related risks that affect business activities are likely, even though their impact is
difficult to assess. Merck rates this as a medium risk.

Increasing Merck's employer appeal in strategic growth markets has great potential for future business
performance. Based on the studies and findings available to date, our initial assessment of the opportunities
leads to a rating similar to the previously described employee-related risks.

Merck can therefore continue to increase the employer appeal of the "Merck brand" with the selective
use of employer branding initiatives in the context of a defined talent sourcing strategy, thereby having a
direct positive influence on recruiting and retaining key specialists and talent. Furthermore, Merck intends to
hone its talent and succession management even more closely to the requirements of specific markets.


--- Page 104 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

"Connect 15” to
improve communication
Group-wide

Risks and opportunities of information technology

Merck utilizes a wide range of IT systems and processes to provide optimum focus and appropriate support
for its globalization. Trends in information technology offer various opportunities for Merck.

Opportunities from the use of mobile platforms and solutions

Mobility offers unique opportunities for reaching and networking employees, partners and customers, and
stimulates synergies between value added for the company and individual interests. Mobility not only means
the mobile use of online services; it is changing the way people see digital services and bringing business
activities closer to employees, customers and partners without limiting them at all. The trend towards mobility
suggests that mobile platforms and solutions will become important channels in terms of digital
networking.

Opportunities from networked collaboration and digital media

New developments in the field of networked collaboration and digital media are opening up excellent oppor-
tunities for contact with employees, partners and customers, and establishing new channels for teamwork,
interaction and communication. In R&D at Merck, these developments especially benefit collaboration within
the company and with external partners. In addition, socially-driven information technology can also aid
interaction in the field of life sciences and thereby foster innovation. Merck has launched a Group-wide
program known as “Connect 15". Its objective is to harmonize corresponding IT systems, to simplify com-
munications around the world and to facilitate cooperation between employees, external partners and cus-
tomers. In the long term, the program offers the opportunity to reduce operating costs and to enhance
productivity within the organization.

Opportunities due to further harmonization of IT systems
Harmonized IT systems that map standardized business processes allow management to steer business
consistently worldwide. This enables efficient working, the fast and smooth integration of new businesses
and the easier leverage of synergy effects. In addition, this trend is being driven by the growth of cloud
solutions, which benefits from the use of configurable standard solutions. The effect of this harmonization
will be seen firstly in the reduction of operating costs, while secondly the increased transparency will mean
the opportunity to make decisions faster and to greater beneficial effect.

The value added by information technology in day-to-day work is countered by potential risks that arise
directly from the advantages of the global availability of electronic data storage.

Risk from e-crime and cyber attacks

With the Internet as a means and the abuse of digital technologies as a new type of crime, e-crime as a whole
is developing rapidly and poses a major challenge. This is giving rise to threats to Merck such as the failure
of central IT systems, the exposure of confidential data from research and business activities, the manipula-
tion of IT systems in chemical process steering, or greater burdens on or impairment of IT systems due to virus
attacks. This scenario also includes the temporary takeover of exposed systems by hackers and consequently
the possible revocation of drug registrations due to deficient validation of relevant IT systems.

135


--- Page 105 ---

136

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~ Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Group Security is a
member of the Alliance
for Cyber Security of the
German Federal Office
for Information Security

Quality management
system certified to ISO
20000:2005 used to en-
sure consistent quality
of IT services

The entire Merck Group has global security guidelines and information protection management for IT and
“non-IT" areas, each with organizational and technical standards for access rights as well as information and
data protection. Attention in the IT area is focused on hardening the corresponding systems and, for example,
identifying cyber attacks. Group Security is a member of the Alliance for Cyber Security of the German Federal
Office for Information Security. A pilot data leakage prevention project is currently being introduced at Merck
to protect sensitive business information. The effectiveness of internal (IT) protection measures is monitored
on an ongoing basis and reviewed by Group Security, Group Internal Auditing and third-party auditors.

The potential losses resulting from e-crime cannot be generally categorized, not least on account of the
multitude of different possible ways it can be committed; its impact on the net assets, financial position and
results of operations would depend on the individual case. Despite the protective measures already being
taken by Merck to great effect, the occurrence of the risk of e-crime is considered possible, with an estimated
substantial impact. It is therefore classed as a medium risk.

Risks due to failure of business-critical IT applications or to failure of data center capacity

IT applications used globally in process steering form the basis for the contractual delivery of products and
solutions to the customers of the Merck Group around the world. Fluctuations in the quality of internal
IT services can lead to the failure of business-critical IT applications, which would have a direct influence on
Merck's ability to deliver. Similarly, the failure of a data center can impair service quality or trigger the
complete failure of critical applications.

The primary objective of Information Services in the Merck Group is to maintain service quality in keeping
with the service levels agreed with the Group functions and divisions. To achieve this objective, Merck uses a
quality management system certified to ISO 20000:2005, which comprises steering measures to maintain a
consistent standard of quality. In addition to day-to-day operating processes, this also provides directives on
how to act in a crisis situation in the form of a regularly tested crisis management plan. As part of this crisis
management, Merck operates several redundantly designed data centers so that service quality will be
maintained even in the event of the failure of one data center.

Despite the mitigating measures taken, functional continuity plans and the unlikely probability of occur-
rence, the impact of a failure of business-critical IT applications owing to fluctuations in the quality of internal
IT services and its influence on the net assets, financial position and results of operations is considered a
medium risk.

Environmental and safety risks

As a company with global production operations, Merck is exposed to risks of possible damage to people,
goods and its reputation. Audits, consulting and training on environmental protection and occupational
health and safety minimize these risks to people and the environment. In order to ensure the continuity of
plant and equipment, Merck monitors these risks both at our own sites as well as at suppliers and contract
manufacturers. By adhering to high technical standards, our rules of conduct, and all legal requirements in
environmental protection and occupational health and safety, we ensure the preservation of goods and
assets. Sufficient appropriate accounting measures have been taken for the environmental risks known to us.
Nevertheless, Merck classifies these as a medium risk since a critical negative impact to liquidity cannot be
ruled out.


--- Page 106 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Risks
and Opportunities

Overall view of the risk and opportunity situation and management assessment

Although the number of risks reported is higher than the specific opportunities, Merck considers the distribu-
tion of risks and opportunities to be balanced. A balanced overall view within the Group is also supported by
the fact that total revenues and business success are built on a diversity of pharmaceutical and chemical
products for a variety of industries. As the markets differ in their structure and economic cycles, this diver-
sification helps to lower risk. The overall view of the opportunity and risk profile of the four divisions would
also be further balanced by the proposed acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials moving forward. This diver-
sification also reflects Merck's strategy to continue its development as an integrated pharmaceutical and
chemical company.

The most significant individual risks in the divisions have been named in the report above, with business-
related risks being the most significant to us alongside legal risks.

Although the assessment of the individual risks has altered over the fiscal year as a result of changing
external conditions, the risk situation of the Group as a whole is not significantly different compared to 2012.
There have been no new additions in the area of high risks in particular. Merck has observed only minor
changes in the area of medium risks. Thanks to the mitigating measures taken - such as the consistent
implementation of management action (organizational responsibility and process improvements), the
increased insurance coverage and accounting precautions - Merck's significant risks in particular have been
further minimized in net terms.

The overall view of the risk situation of the Group, which is derived from the summary of the risks
described on the basis of their impact and probability of occurrence, leads Merck to the assessment that the
risks are not of a nature to threaten the existence of the Group as a going concern, either individually or
collectively. Merck is confident that it will continue to successfully master the challenges arising from the
above risks in the future as well.

In terms of opportunities, we feel that the greatest potential lies in the business-related topics of the
operational areas. Thanks in particular to the expansion of our business in emerging markets, the optimization
of the Merck Serono R&D organization, the newly founded biosimilars initiative and other activities as part
of the "Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program, Merck has launched changes that hold significant
opportunities in the medium to long term beyond the underlying forecast period.

Merck pursues the opportunities that arise and shows their expected effects in the forecast development
of its key performance indicators - sales, EBITDA pre one-time items and business free cash flow. Merck will
actively seek out opportunities beyond this and move ahead their implementation. In the event that oppor-
tunities arise in addition to the forecast developments, or that these occur more quickly than anticipated, this
could have correspondingly positive effects on Merck's net assets, financial position and results of
operations.

137


--- Page 107 ---

138

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Report on Expected Developments

The following report provides a forecast for the development of the Merck Group and its divisions in 2014
focusing on the three most significant financial key performance indicators (KPIs) for the Merck Group and
its businesses: sales, EBITDA pre one-time items and business free cash flow. We take into account the
company's weighing up of risks and opportunities in accordance with our operational plans and medium-term
assumptions.

In December 2013 Merck made an offer to AZ shareholders to acquire AZ Electronic Materials. From
today's perspective the acquisition is expected to close in the course of 2014 (the successful completion of
the transaction is conditional upon antitrust clearance, among other things). The following report provides
on the one hand the expected developments of the Merck Group excluding the impact from a potential
acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials. On the other hand, we provide separately a forecast for the Merck
Group and for the Performance Materials division, which would be affected by the acquisition of AZ Electronic
Materials assuming the first-time consolidation of AZ Electronic Materials in the Merck Group in the second
quarter of 2014.

Forecast for the Merck Group

Merck Group | Forecast 2014

Actual

results Forecast
€ million 2013 2014 Key assumptions
Slight organic growth offset by currency headwinds
in all divisions
Organic development of the divisions: Merck Serono stable as
Rebif® sales decline is offset by Emerging Markets growth,
slight moderate organic growth in Merck Millipore and Consumer
organic Health, volume growth in Performance Materials, which will
Sales 10,700.1 growth be offset by price erosion
Positive full-year impact from realized efficiencies offset by
EBITDA pre major investments in Biosimilars and the loss of royalty income
one-time items 3,253.3 stable EBITDA pre one-time items of Corporate and Other stable
Business free slight Slight decrease due to higher investments in property, plant
cash flow 2,960.0 decrease and equipment driven by strategic growth projects

We foresee stable sales for the Merck Group in 2014 as slight organic growth is offset by an unfavorable
impact from foreign exchange developments, which are anticipated to impact the sales of all divisions. While
we expect the U.S. dollar-euro exchange rate to remain at around the 2013 level, an unfavorable foreign
exchange development for the Merck Group is expected to stem from Emerging Markets and Japan.


--- Page 108 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Expected
Developments

Despite lower Rebif®
sales, significant decline
in royalty income and
anticipated currency
headwinds, the aim is to
achieve the 2013 level of
EBITDA pre

Merck Serono sales are expected to remain stable excluding foreign exchange effects. While Rebif® sales are
expected to decline, we should see ongoing positive growth momentum from our Emerging Markets region.
For the Consumer Health and Merck Millipore divisions, we expect moderate organic growth rates, while the
positive volume growth in the Performance Materials division might be offset by price erosion, which is
expected to occur next year.

From the second quarter of 2013 onwards, Merck saw the decline in royalty income at Merck Serono,
which will fully come through in the course of 2014. The net decrease in EBITDA pre one-time items from
expired royalty income and related royalty expenses with respect to Avonex® and Enbrel® amounts to
approximately € 75 million. This reduction will be more pronounced due to the settlement agreement on the
patent dispute with AbbVie concerning Humira®, which was reached at the beginning of 2014. On the other
hand, the commercial agreement reached with Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2012 on the co-promotion of
Glucophage® in China is expected to partly mitigate the negative impact.

Despite the Rebif® sales decline, the significant reduction in royalty income and the anticipated unfa-
vorable foreign exchange environment, Merck aims to achieve in 2014 EBITDA pre one-time items at the level
of 2013. In the course of 2013 Merck realized most of the efficiencies from the “Fit for 2018" transformation
and growth program, which will have a positive incremental effect reducing the cost base on a full-year basis
in 2014. EBITDA pre one-time items of Corporate and Other is expected to remain stable. Restructuring costs
on the current portfolio are planned to decrease from € 166 million in 2013 to approximately € 100 million
in 2014. We expect an underlying improved tax ratio of 23% to 25% in 2014.

As publicly stated over the last two years, Merck has embarked on a transformation journey that will last
several years. The focus of this transformation journey will now shift more toward organic and inorganic
growth. Therefore, Merck plans to accelerate R&D activities on strategic growth initiatives such as Biosimilars
and OLED (organic light-emitting diodes) and to direct marketing and selling resources even more to growth
markets. Merck's ambition to take MEA initiatives has become clear through the announcement of the
intention to acquire AZ Electronic Materials. Merck's business free cash flow is expected to decrease slightly
in comparison with 2013 as higher investments in property, plant and equipment in strategic projects such
as the construction of a pharmaceutical production facility in China are planned.

The Merck Executive Board decided to transfer two product groups, Neurobion® (a vitamin B-based
analgesic) and Floratil® (a probiotic anti-diarrheal), from the Merck Serono division to the Consumer Health
division as of January 1, 2014. This move, which transfers the sales and all related expenses for both product
groups, will enable a better strategic focus for both divisions, while fostering synergies in the organization.
Consequently, approximately € 265 million in sales, around € 100 million in EBITDA pre one-time items and
around € 77 million in business free cash flow will be shifted from Merck Serono to Consumer Health based
on 2013 results. Within Consumer Health, we expect these two product groups to grow moderately in line
with the existing Consumer Health portfolio in 2014.

139


--- Page 109 ---

140

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Expected
Developments

While the acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials is anticipated to lead to a moderate increase in sales and

EBITDA pre one-time items and to a slight increase in business free cash flow of the Merck Group in 2014

compared to 2013, a significant increase is expected in sales, EBITDA pre one-time items as well as business

free cash flow for the Performance Materials division.

Forecast for the Merck Serono division

Merck Serono | Forecast 2014

Actual

results Forecast
€ million 2013 2014 Key assumptions
Balanced product portfolio and solid organic growth
in Emerging Markets expected to offset Rebif® decline
in the U.S. and Europe and expected biosimilar entries
for Fertility in Europe
Unfavorable impact from foreign exchange development will
lead to slight decrease in nominal sales
Neurobion® and Floratil® transfer to Consumer Health
organic stable on a division will reduce sales by ~€ 265 million based
Sales 5,953.6 comparable basis on actual 2013 results
Development in line with sales, tight cost management will
help to balance the reduction in royalties from Avonex®,
Enbrel® and Humira®
Higher R&D expenses in Biosimilars unit
slight Neurobion® and Floratil® transfer to Consumer Health
EBITDA pre decrease on a division will reduce EBITDA pre one-time items
one-time items 1,955.0 comparable basis by ~€ 100 million based on 2013 actual results
Initiation of further investments in growth projects and slight
decrease of EBITDA pre will lead to lower business free cash flow
moderate Neurobion® and Floratil® transfer to Consumer Health
Business free decrease on a division will reduce 2013 business free cash flow
cash flow 1,875.7 comparable basis by ~€ 77 million based on actual 2013 results

Due to the aforementioned decision to transfer two product groups, Neurobion® and Floratil®, from the

Merck Serono division to the Consumer Health division as of January 1, 2014, the base for the Merck Serono

division will decrease by approximately € 265 million in sales, around € 100 million in EBITDA pre one-time

items and around € 77 million in business free cash flow, based on 2013 results of the transferred brands.
Accordingly, the 2014 forecast for the Merck Serono division is based on the 2013 results reduced by the

transfer.


--- Page 110 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Expected
Developments

Strong product portfolio
and footprint in
Emerging Markets help
protect Merck Serono
sales and balance Rebif®
sales decline

Strategic growth projects
in Supply and R&D lead
to higher investment
level

Stable organic sales are expected for 2014, while an unfavorable expected impact from foreign exchange
development might negatively weigh on the reported numbers. We assume that Rebif®, Merck Serono’s
top-selling product, will continue to face severe competitive pressure in the United States and that it will also
start to lose market share in Europe as a result of the market entry of new products in the multiple sclerosis
segment. Sales of the oncology drug Erbitux® are expected to grow moderately fueled by the recent update
of the metastatic colorectal cancer labeling to patients with RAS wild-type tumors as well as due to continued
good performance in Japan. For Gonal-f®, the largest drug in the Fertility franchise, Merck expects only a
marginal improvement in 2014 coming from market expansions in Emerging Markets but offset by expected
launches of biosimilar products in Europe. Slight growth is assumed for the CardioMetabolic Care and
Endocrinology franchises.

We forecast Merck Serono's EBITDA pre one-time items to decrease slightly compared to 2013 driven by
the reduction in royalties from Avonex®, Enbrel® and Humira® amounting to a net EBITDA pre one-time items
effect of € 115 million versus 2013.

In the United States, Merck distributes Rebif® under a co-promotion agreement with the pharmaceutical
company Pfizer until end of 2015. Based on the agreement Merck pays commission expenses, which are
expected to decline in 2014 in line with lower Rebif® sales. From 2016 onwards Merck intends to take over
the entire Rebif® distribution in the United States and consequently no longer be subject to commission
expenses.

While the worldwide pharmaceutical market is expected to recover and to grow at mid-single-digit rates
in 2014 according to IMS Health, geographic growth remains unevenly distributed. Mature markets show
tentative signs of recovery, but remain sluggish. Austerity measures are expected to continue to put pressure
on the health care industry in Europe, which is still Merck's dominant regional market. By contrast, many
Emerging Markets such as China and Brazil will grow at double-digit rates and remain growth drivers for the
pharmaceutical industry.

Owing to geographic developments, Merck Serono intends to strengthen its profitability position in
Europe and the United States, to further redirect its resources to Emerging Markets and to grow in these
developing economies. At the same time cost development will be monitored closely.

As part of Merck's strategy we will forge ahead with the build-up of Merck Serono's Biosimilars unit and
therefore plan an increase in our divisional R&D expenses. Driven by the initiation of further growth projects
such as the construction of a production facility in China, Merck Serono's investment in property, plant and
equipment will increase in 2014. As a result of the lower EBITDA pre one-time items and these investments,
a moderate decrease is expected for Merck Serono's divisional business free cash flow.

141


--- Page 111 ---

142

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Expected
Developments

Course set for profitable
growth based on core
strategic brands in key
markets

Forecast for the Consumer Health division

Consumer Health | Forecast 2014

Actual

results Forecast
€ million 2013 2014 Key assumptions
Moderate organic growth driven by strategic core brands and
all geographical markets, slightly offset by unfavorable foreign
exchange development
moderate Neurobion® and Floratil® transfer from Merck Serono will increase
increase on a sales by ~€ 265 million based on actual 2013 results; the two
Sales 476.9 comparable basis product groups are expected to grow in line with existing portfolio
Moderate increase in line with sales development
Slight increase in marketing and selling as well as
RétD expenses in order to support growth in
Emerging Markets and to invest in other growth projects
moderate Neurobion® and Floratil® transfer from Merck Serono will
EBITDA pre increase on a increase EBITDA pre one-time items by ~€ 100 million
one-time items 72.5 comparable basis based on actual 2013 results
Slight increase driven by EBITDA pre one-time items,
Working capital to increase slightly in line with sales increase
Neurobion® and Floratil® transfer from Merck Serono
Business free slight increase on a will increase business free cash flow by ~€ 77 million
cash flow 83.9 comparable basis based on actual 2013 results

With the decision by the Merck Executive Board to transfer the two product groups, Neurobion® and Floratil®,
from the Merck Serono to the Consumer Health division as of January 1, 2014, the base for the Consumer
Health division will increase by approximately € 265 million in sales, around € 100 million in EBITDA pre
one-time items and around € 77 million in business free cash flow, based on the actual 2013 results of the
transferred brands. Accordingly, the 2014 forecast for the Consumer Health division is based on the combined
2013 result.

After having set up a new regional operating model and significantly improving its cost structures over
the past two years, the Consumer Health division will continue to focus its activities on the development and
selective expansion of core strategic brands and on strengthening its position in key markets. The division's
goal is to achieve meaningful market shares in all relevant combinations of strategic core brands and focus
markets. In doing that, profitable growth is expected from all regions, including Emerging Markets, where
Consumer Health is presently underrepresented with its main consumer brands such as Bion®, Nasivin® or
Femibion®.


--- Page 112 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Expected
Developments

As a consequence of a continued effort on focusing the portfolio and marketing efforts on core brands and
markets, Merck expects sales of the Consumer Health division to increase moderately in 2014 and to develop
in line with the over-the-counter (OTC) drug market in countries where Merck competes.

We expect the EBITDA pre one-time items of the Consumer Health division to increase moderately as
marketing and selling expenses will be slightly increased to support growth in Emerging Markets and R&D
spending will be raised to invest in developing a robust innovation pipeline beyond 2014. Business free cash
flow is expected to be slightly above the level of 2013 as it is assumed that the EBITDA pre one-time items
increase will be partly offset by increases in working capital proportionate to higher sales.

Forecast for the Performance Materials division

Performance Materials | Forecast 2014

Actual

results Forecast
€ million 2013 2014 Key assumptions
Slight organic growth of divisional sales offset by slight
contraction due to foreign exchange development
at best Volume growth but normal price erosion in Liquid Crystals unit
at previous for established products
Sales 1,642.1 year level Pigments & Cosmetics to increase slightly
Decline in Liquid Crystal product prices may put pressure
at best on the gross margin
EBITDA pre at previous EBITDA pre one-time items expected at best at the previous
one-time items 779.7 year level year's level
Development driven by EBITDA pre one-time items
Investments in property, plant and equipment in 2014 will
Business free moderate be raised to support the "Fit for 2018" transformation and
cash flow 787.8 decrease growth program

After a strong 2013, the Performance Materials division will be able to maintain its leadership position in the
liquid crystals market and to deliver slight growth in the Pigments & Cosmetics business unit in 2014.

143


--- Page 113 ---

144

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Expected
Developments

Volumes in the display
industry are expected
to increase, but with
continued pressure on
prices

We expect in 2014 at best stable sales from the Liquid Crystals business unit. Despite volume growth, prices
for established products will decline further. Volumes in the display industry are forecast to increase in 2014
after a moderate development in 2013 according to market researchers from Display Search. LC will remain
by far the leading technology and display size will remain the main growth driver. New, innovative liquid
crystal technologies will continue to strengthen the market. For example, Merck is advancing nicely with the
development of SA-VA technology, which is likely to enter the market in 2015. Display production focus will
be shifting gradually to China, where Merck's new facility in Shanghai will be inaugurated in 2014 to support
growth close to main customers.

For Merck's Pigments & Cosmetics business unit, the markets are assumed to continue to offer attractive
growth rates in the future. As in Merck's other divisions, the need for innovative products and the shift in
demand to Emerging Markets and thereby in particular to China, can be observed. Sales by the Pigments &
Cosmetics business unit are expected to increase slightly driven by Xirallic® effect pigments.

Overall Merck expects at best stable sales for the Performance Materials division in 2014 as stable organic
growth might be offset by a slight contraction of reported sales due to an unfavorable foreign exchange
development. Lower prices in Liquid Crystals and additional volumes will put some pressure on the divisional
gross margin, whereas marketing & selling expenses and administration costs will be maintained largely at
the 2013 level. R&D expenses will be slightly increased with a focus on investments in the OLED area and
future LC technologies. As a result of this, we forecast for 2014 at best an EBITDA pre one-time items for
Performance Materials at the level of 2013. Business free cash flow is expected to decrease moderately as the
division raises its investments in property, plant and equipment in 2014 to support the “Fit for 2018" trans-
formation and growth program and to optimize its capacities.

If the acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials takes place, Merck expects a significant increase in sales,
EBITDA pre one-time items as well as business free cash flow for the Performance Materials division in 2014
compared to 2013.

Forecast for the Merck Millipore division

Merck Millipore | Forecast 2014

Actual

results Forecast
€ million 2013 2014 Key assumptions
Moderate organic growth, slightly offset by foreign exchange
development
Growth fueled by Process Solutions and Lab Solutions,
Sales 2,627.5 slight increase Bioscience continues to be challenged by sluggish demand
EBITDA pre Marginal addition to marketing and selling as well as
one-time items 642.8 slight increase REtD expenses, improvement driven by slight sales increase
Investments in property, plant and equipment in 2014 raised to
Business free support the "Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program,
cash flow 493.8 stable which slightly offsets the EBITDA pre one-time items increase

The Merck Millipore division is expected to remain on a healthy growth path throughout 2014. All business
units have been forecast to contribute to a slight increase in sales.


--- Page 114 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

~» Report on Expected
Developments

Healthy growth of
Merck Millipore is
driven by the Process
Solutions and Lab
solutions business units

The pharmaceutical market is expected to recover and to grow at middle single-digit rates compared to 2013
according to IMS Health, strongly driven by sales of biotech products. After two years of decline, R&D
spending by the pharmaceutical industry is expected to resume according to Evaluate Pharma. The Process
Solutions business unit, which supplies consumables and services to major pharmaceutical and biotech
manufacturing companies, is expected to deliver solid organic sales growth fueled by these favorable market
dynamics.

Merck expects solid performance in the Lab Solutions business unit in 2014 as the global laboratory
products market is expected to grow by +1.5% to +2.0% compared to last year (Frost €& Sullivan market
research).

The Bioscience business unit, whose main customer groups are academic and government laboratories and
institutions as well as pharmaceutical and biotechnological research organizations, is likely to continue to face
a challenging economic environment in 2014. Sluggish development is forecast in the major markets of Europe
and North America due to budget sequestration measures, while Emerging Markets are expected to drive
growth.

Marketing and selling expenses and R&D expenses are planned to develop in line with sales, leading to a
further slight improvement of divisional EBITDA pre one-time items. Investments in property, plant and
equipment will be at higher levels in 2014 as the division is in the process of enhancing its production and
supply network. As a result business free cash flow is projected to remain stable at the level of 2013.

Summary

The Merck Executive Board continues to see neither any major technology shifts in its Chemical businesses
nor any major new product launches in the Pharmaceutical business in 2014. Merck will continue with the
implementation of the "Fit for 2018" transformation and growth program and enter a phase of continuous
improvement. We plan to accelerate our R&D activities on strategic business initiatives such as Biosimilars
and OLED and to direct our marketing and selling resources to growth markets.

We forecast slight organic sales growth for the Merck Group driven by the Merck Millipore and Consumer
Health divisions for 2014. Despite the Rebif® sales decline, the significant reduction in royalty income and an
anticipated unfavorable foreign exchange environment, we aim to achieve the 2013 level of Group EBITDA
pre one-time items. Business free cash flow is expected to decrease slightly as several strategic growth
projects will require investments in property, plant and equipment.

145


--- Page 115 ---

146

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

Report in accordance with Section 315 (4)
of the German Commercial Code (HGB)

The following information is provided in accordance with Section 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code
and the explanatory report pursuant to Section 176 (1) sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act
(AktG).

As of the balance sheet date, the company's subscribed capital is divided into 64,621,125 no-par bearer
shares plus one registered share. Each share therefore corresponds to € 2.60 of the share capital. The holder
of the registered share is E. Merck Beteiligungen KG. It is entitled and obliged to appoint one-third of the
members of the Supervisory Board representing the limited liability shareholders. If the holder of the regis-
tered share is a general partner, he or she has no such right of appointment. The transfer of the registered
share requires the company's approval. The approval is granted at the sole discretion of the personally liable
general partner with an equity interest, namely E. Merck KG.

On December 31, 2013, no shareholders owned direct or indirect investments exceeding more than 10%
of the voting rights.

According to the Articles of Association of Merck, the general partners not holding an equity interest who
form the Executive Board are admitted by E. Merck KG with the consent of a simply majority of the other
general partners. A person may only be a general partner not holding an equity interest if he or she is also a
general partner of E. Merck KG. In addition, at the proposal of E. Merck KG and with the approval of all general
partners not holding an equity interest, further persons who are not general partners not holding an equity
interest may be appointed to the Executive Board.

The Articles of Association can be amended by a resolution by the Annual Meeting that requires the
approval of the general partners. The resolutions of the General Meeting are, notwithstanding any statutory
provisions to the contrary, adopted by a simple majority of the votes cast. Where the law requires a capital
majority in addition to the voting majority, resolutions are adopted by a simple majority of the share capital
represented in the vote. The Articles of Association of the company specify the authorized share capital. The
Executive Board is authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board and of E. Merck KG, to increase the
share capital on one or several occasions until April 26, 2018 by up to a total of € 56,521,124.19 by issuing
new shares against cash or contributions in kind. The Executive Board is authorized to exclude, with the
approval of the Supervisory Board, the statutory subscription right of the limited liability shareholders in the
case of capital increases against cash contributions if the issue price of the new shares is not significantly
lower than the stock exchange price of already listed shares carrying the same rights, as defined in section
203 (1) and (2) and section 186 (3) sentence 4 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), at the time when
the Executive Board finally fixes the issue price, and if the proportion of the share capital represented by the
new shares for which the subscription right is excluded does not exceed 10% of the share capital available
at the time of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting or - if this amount is lower - of the share capital
available at the time of exercising this authorization. This upper limit shall be reduced by the prorated amount
of shares that are sold during the term of the authorized capital under exclusion of shareholders’ subscription
rights pursuant to section 71 (1) no. 8 sentence 5 and section 186 (3) sentence 4 of the German Stock Cor-
poration Act, as well as shares that must be issued to redeem option or convertible bonds, as long as the
bonds have been issued during the term of this authorization under exclusion of subscription rights. In
addition, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the subscription right of the shareholders can be
excluded in order to enable E. Merck KG to exercise its right pursuant to Article 32 (3) of the Articles of
Association to participate in a capital increase by issuing shares or freely transferable share subscription
rights and to enable E. Merck KG to exercise its right pursuant to Article 33 of the Articles of Association to
convert its equity interest into share capital. Moreover, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the
subscription right of the shareholders can be excluded as far as this is necessary, in order to grant subscription
rights for new shares to holders of warrants and convertible bonds issued by the company or its subsidiaries,


--- Page 116 ---

Merck 2013

Group Management Report

to the extent to which they would be entitled after exercising their option and conversion rights or fulfilling
their option and conversion obligations. Lastly, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the subscription
right of the shareholders can be excluded in order to exclude fractional amounts from the subscription right.

The Articles of Association also encompass conditional capital. Accordingly, the share capital is contin-
gently increased by up to € 66,406,298.40 divided into 25,540,884 shares. The contingent capital increase
serves to grant exchange rights to E. Merck KG in accordance with Article 33 of the Articles of Association to
enable the conversion of its equity interest. The company is not authorized to acquire its own shares.

The company has not entered into any material agreements subject to a change of control pursuant to a
takeover offer nor has it concluded any compensation agreements with the members of the Executive Board
or employees in the event of a takeover offer.

Subsequent Events

Subsequent to the balance sheet date, no events of special importance occurred that could have a
material impact on the financial position and results of operations of the Merck Group.

147
