

--- Page 1 ---

General Information About This

Management Report

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This management report contains forward-looking statements
and information based on the beliefs of, and assumptions
made by, our management using information currently
available to them. Any statements contained in this report that
are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as
defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. We have based these forward-looking statements on our
current expectations, assumptions, and projections about
future conditions and events. As a result, our forward-looking
statements and information are subject to uncertainties and
risks, many of which are beyond our control. If one or more of
ese uncertainties or risks materializes, or if management's
nderlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results
ould differ materially from those described in or inferred from
ur forward-looking statements and information. We describe
ese risks and uncertainties in the Risk Report section.

stoQqgce

The words “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,”
“could,” “counting on,” “is confident,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“forecast,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “outlook,”
“plan,” “project,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “want,”
“will.” “would,” and similar expressions as they relate to us are
intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such
statements include, for example, those made in the Operating
Results section, our quantitative and qualitative disclosures
about market risk pursuant to the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS), namely IFRS 7 and relate
statements in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial State-
ments, the Opportunity Report, the Risk Report, our outlook
guidance, and other forward-looking information appearing
in other parts of this report. To fully consider the factors that
could affect our future financial results, both this report and
our Annual Report on Form 20-F should be considered, as
well as all of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date specified or the date of this report. Except
where legally required, we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result
of new information that we receive about conditions that
existed upon issuance of this report, future events, or otherwise
unless we are required to do so by law.

52

This report includes statistical data about the IT industry and
global economic trends that comes from information published
by sources including International Data Corporation (IDC), a
provider of market information and advisory services for the
information technology, telecommunications, and consumer
technology markets; the European Central Bank (ECB); and
the International Monetary Fund (IMF). This type of data repre-
sents only the estimates of IDC, ECB, IMF, and other sources of
industry data. SAP does not adopt or endorse any of the
statistical information provided by sources such as IDC, ECB,
IMF, or other similar sources that is contained in this report.

In addition, although we believe that data from these sources is
generally reliable, this type of data is imprecise. We caution
readers not to place undue reliance on this data.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

This management report by SAP AG and its subsidiaries
(collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” “SAP” “Group,” or “Company”)
has been prepared in accordance with sections 315 and 315a
of the German Commercial Code and German Accounting
Standards No. 17 and 20. The management report is also a
management commentary complying with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Practice Statement
Management Commentary.

All of the information in this report relates to the situation on
December 31, 2013, or the fiscal year ended on that date,
unless otherwise stated.

The report contains references to additional information

in other parts of the SAP Integrated Report that is available
online. This additional information is not part of the
management report.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 2 ---

Overview of the SAP Group

Founded in 1972, SAP today is the world leader in enterprise
applications in terms of software and software-related service
revenue, and the world's third-largest independent software
manufacturer based on market capitalization. Our continued

growth over four decades is attributable to relentless innovation,

a diverse portfolio, and our ability to anticipate ever-changing
customer requirements. With more than 253,500 customers
in over 180 countries, the SAP Group includes subsidiaries in
major countries and employs more than 66,500 people.

Our company's culture puts our customers’ success at the

center of everything we do, and is driven by our passions —

which are:

— Success — We measure our success by our customers’
success.

— Accountability - We embrace accountability and strive to
always make good on our promises.

— Professionalism — We exhibit professionalism by consistently
delivering quality work.

— Integrity —- We are honest and fair and take responsibility for
all our actions.

— Teamwork — We value teamwork because it enables us to
exceed our individual limits and share greater success.

— Trust — We work for each other's success and take personal
responsibility for all of our relationships.

For more information about our business conduct, see the
Sonduct section in the SAP Integrated Re

online.

SAP is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany; our legal corporate
name is SAP AG. The corporation is listed on the Frankfurt
Stock Exchange as well as stock exchanges in Berlin and
Stuttgart in Germany and the New York Stock Exchange in the
United States. At the end of 2013, our market capitalization
was €76.5 billion. SAP is a member of the German DAX and of
the Dow Jones EURO STOXX 50 index.

We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers for
licensing of on-premise software products and solutions, and
the use of our cloud solutions by subscription. We also derive
revenue from support, consulting, development, training, and
other services.

Overview of the SAP Group

SAP markets and distributes our products, solutions,

and services primarily through a worldwide network of local
subsidiaries, which are licensed to distribute SAP offerings

to customers in defined territories. Distributorship agreements
are in place with independent resellers in some countries.

For more information, see the Business Mode! section.

As of December 31, 2013, SAP AG controlled directly or
indirectly 272 subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries perform various
tasks such as sales and marketing, consulting, research and
development, customer support, training, or administration.
For a complete list of subsidiaries, associates, and other equity
investments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (34).

For management reporting, our activities are broken down
into two divisions, On-Premise and Cloud, which are further
divided into operating segments. Our On-Premise division is
composed of two operating segments, On-Premise Products
and On-Premise Services. Our Cloud division is also composed
of two operating segments, Cloud Applications and Ariba.

For more information about our segments, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note

53


--- Page 3 ---

Vision, Mission, and Strategy

SAP's continued growth over four decades is attributable
to our focus on innovation, a broad portfolio, and our ability
to stay close to our customers and understand their ever-
changing needs.

OUR VISION AND MISSION
SAP's vision is to help the world run better and improve people's
ives. Our mission is to help every customer become a best-run
usiness. We do this by delivering technology innovations that
address the challenges of today and tomorrow without disrupting
our customers’ business operations. For example, enterprise
mobility is transforming usage of IT; in-memory technology is
simplifying the IT architecture in the enterprise and driving
igh-value applications; and cloud delivery of IT solutions is
simplifying the consumption of technology. We offer solutions
that drive business outcomes and enable our customers to
run better. We help our customers derive value from their SAP
solutions in a cost-effective and predictable way, with our
rofessional services, support, and cloud delivery.

OUR GOALS FOR SUSTAINED BUSINESS SUCCESS

SAP has strong ambitions for sustainable business success,
oth for our company and for our customers. We believe the
most important indicators to measure this success comprise
oth financial and non-financial indicators: revenue, margin,
customer loyalty, and employee engagement.

Revenue

We aim to achieve at least €22 billion total revenue by 2017.
SAP still aims to achieve at least €20 billion total revenue by
2015 (2013: €16.9 billion non-IFRS total revenue). An important
part to achieving this is our continued focus on innovations, as
we expect to become the cloud company with €3.0 to €3.5 billion
total revenue from our cloud business by 2017. In 2014, we
expect to increase non-IFRS software and software-related
services (SSRS) growth by 6% to 8% at constant currencies.

54

Margin

We aim for 35% non-IFRS operating margin (2013: 32.6%). In
order to capture growth opportunities in the cloud, we expect
to reach this goal in 2017 instead of 2015, as previously stated.
In 2014, we expect between €5.8 billion to €6.0 billion non-
IFRS operating profit at constant currencies.

Customer Loyalty

We use the Net Promoter Score (NPS) to measure customer
loyalty. In 2014, we are aiming for an increase in NPS by four
percentage points (2013: 12.1%).

Employee Engagement

We use the employee engagement index to measure motivation
and loyalty of our employees, how proud they are of our company,
and how strongly they identify with SAP. We are committed

to achieving a score of 82% in 2015 (2013: 77%). Despite the
slight drop in employee engagement in 2013 compared to
2012, we expect to see an incremental increase in our industry-
leading score in 2014.

These four goals affirm our commitment to innovation and
sustainability, and will help us deliver on our vision and mission.

In addition to the primary KPIs, which directly measure our
performance with regard to our four company objectives,

SAP manages a large set of secondary performance indicators,
which influence the primary KPIs in a variety of ways. Our
integrated report seeks to clarify some of those relationships,
for example the link between our energy consumption and our
margin.

Our main indicators are presented with more detail throughout
the report. For more information on strategic goals, see the
5 ted Developments:
estment sections.

s; and Em

Combined Management Report


--- Page 4 ---

OUR STRATEGY: SIMPLIFY EVERYTHING WITH

SAP CLOUD POWERED BY SAP HANA

Organizations around the world are now entering a new era of
business model innovation, made possible by the convergence
of cloud, mobile, social, and in-memory technologies.

However, businesses often contend with layers of IT complexity
that have been built up over the decades. This complexity is the
result of several factors, including the proliferation of hardware
and custom applications. In addition, investments in innovations
often take a long time to implement or to realize business value.
Due to the complexity of the current consumption model, cus-
tomers are not able to respond fast enough to changing market
conditions. We believe that simplicity is the key: By solving the
challenge of business complexity, we can help unlock our
customers’ innovation potential. We are committed to leading
this simplification.

In today’s technology industry, the biggest winners have
grown by offering simplicity and ease of consumption over a
cloud model, which has translated to massive user adoption
and market success.

In 2014, SAP will focus on helping its customers “simplify
everything, so they can do anything.”

With the SAP HANA platform, we have an opportunity to
simplify our product portfolio and IT landscape for our customers.
SAP HANA can radically simplify enterprise applications

as it collapses the entire IT stack. With SAP HANA Cloud
Platform, we have the ability to take our core on-premise
applications to the cloud and offer a choice of cloud deployments
to our customers.

With SAP Cloud powered by SAP HANA, we will focus our
simplification on three areas — simplifying our consumption
model, simplifying our portfolio, and simplifying user experience.

Vision, Mission, and Strategy

— Simplify software consumption by moving our entire
portfolio to the cloud: We are transitioning our consumption
model to SAP Cloud powered by SAP HANA where we can
deliver end-to-end solutions and drive business outcomes for
the customers. We will offer our entire portfolio of solutions —
applications, analytics, and platform through SAP Cloud
powered by SAP HANA. We will move our core SAP Business
Suite software to the cloud as a managed service, delivered
by both SAP and our partners. We will also accelerate our
investments in line-of-business public cloud solutions across
SuccessFactors, Ariba, and our cloud portfolio, all running
on SAP HANA. We will deliver a true, integrated cloud to our
customers. As we are committed to offering flexibility and
choice, we will continue to offer an on-premise deployment
model to our customers.

Simplify our products with SAP HANA as the common
platform: We will standardize every SAP product (including
SuccessFactors and Ariba) on the common SAP HANA
platform, and deliver integration across our portfolio. This will
drive a simplified suite experience for our customers and
partners. Our partners and ecosystem can either extend our
solutions or build end-to-end applications based on the

SAP HANA platform.

Simplify the user experience: We will simplify the user
experience (UX) by offering a “mobile first” approach based
on SAP Fiori applications, which offer a simple and easy-to-
use experience for broadly used SAP software functions that
work seamlessly across devices. We will build applications
that show empathy with the user and dramatically improve
the experience of our customer's customers and our
customers’ employees.

55


--- Page 5 ---

In addition to simplifying our business model, we will focus

on end-to-end delivery of industry-specific solutions that can
drive business value and outcomes. We will continue to build
an open ecosystem and our partner network to deliver SAP
Cloud powered by SAP HANA on their cloud infrastructure. Our
ecosystem will play a vital role in building new solutions on

the SAP HANA platform and delivering value to our customers.

With our focus on simplification, we aim to better innovate and
grow.

Today SAP only receives a small percentage of each customer’s
overall IT spend. By investing in innovations and shifting our
customers to a cloud business model, we will be able to help
reduce their total cost of ownership (TCO) on IT. This enables
customers to reinvest the TCO savings in new innovations and
SAP could capture a higher share of customer IT spend.

56

Additionally, SAP will drive innovation and top-line growth

across the following dimensions:

— Drive the Big Data agenda for our customers with our
real-time in-memory SAP HANA platform and predictive
analytics solutions

— Establish SAP HANA as a standard enterprise business
platform and monetize through partners and ecosystem

— Focus on the customer's customer by extending to business-
to-business-to-consumer (B2B2C) through our portfolio of
omnichannel and CRM solutions

— Drive accelerated growth in selected industries such as
banking, insurance, retail, public sector, and healthcare

— Emerging markets will continue to be a growth driver, with
high double-digit growth in software and cloud revenues
expected through 2017. In addition to our investments in
China, Russia, and the Middle East, we are expanding our
investments in Africa.

We will stay committed to our customers’ success and evolve
our execution to drive further value creation for our customers.
We strive to provide our customers a significant competitive
advantage and to help make their growth more sustainable —
financially, ecologically, and socially.

For more information about SAP's goals, see the Re
ted Developments section.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 6 ---

Business Model

Creating economic, social, and environmental value over the
long-term is central to our vision of helping the world run
better and improving people's lives. To realize our vision, SAP
provides software and services to customers throughout the
world, all based on our deep expertise in business processes
spanning 25 industries.

To provide software and related services to our customers, we
rely on financial capital provided by investors. We leverage our
intellectual capital to continually increase our knowledge base
and expertise. Engaged, highly skilled, and agile employees
are central to innovating with and building relationships with
our customers and partners, and ultimately to our business
success.

Our direct sales organizations drive most business development.

Sales go-to-market strategies are established at the global
level, and adapted and executed by the regional subsidiaries.
Our customer-facing employees, in close collaboration with
sales support and marketing, drive demand, build pipeline, and
enhance relationships with customers within our target indus-
tries. Our marketing efforts cover large enterprises as well as
small and midsize enterprises. We believe our broad portfolio
of solutions and services enables us to meet the needs of
customers of all sizes and across industries.

In addition, our extensive ecosystem provides scalability to
meet the demand for SAP innovation and provide customers
with a wide selection of third-party competencies. We have
developed an independent sales and support force through
independent value-added resellers. We have also established
partnerships with hardware and software suppliers, system
integrators, and third-party consultants. For more information,
see the Partner Ecosystem section.

Business Model

Our sales model has been focused on charging a one-time,
upfront fee for a perpetual license to our software that is typically
installed at the customer site. In addition, the customer usually
concludes a maintenance contract that covers support and
software updates. As we see customers’ preferences evolve,
we are expanding the delivery of our solutions in the cloud,
which we believe is a simple and efficient software consumption
model. Our cloud solutions are offered under a subscription-
based licensing model. With this model, the customer periodi-
cally pays a fee to use software for a limited amount of time.
This software is installed at an SAP or an SAP partner location,
and the customer accesses the software through the Internet.

To help companies invest in SAP solutions and the associated
services and hardware, the SAP Financing service offers
customers payment plans optimized for maximum economic
benefit. It can help preserve liquidity, provide an alternative

to credit from their existing banking relationships, and balance
their budgetary priorities — while giving customers the flexibility
to choose the best possible solution.

We measure the outcome of our activities through four
performance indicators: revenue, margin, customer loyalty, and
employee engagement. Each of these directly correlates with
our ability to deliver financial returns to our providers of capital.
Ultimately, it is our highly engaged employees who build our
customers’ success and loyalty to SAP.

57


--- Page 7 ---

SAP contributes to the creation of long-term value for society
in anumber of ways. At SAP and within our ecosystem, we
support job creation and economic prosperity through demand
for highly qualified workers to sell, implement, and enhance
our software for customers. Our solutions support the learning
and talent development of our customers’ employees.

Other SAP solutions enhance health and safety, both on the
manufacturing side and in the final consumer products, which
impact millions of people worldwide.

Our greatest positive environmental impact stems from
enabling improvements through the solutions we provide to
customers. For example, our software plays a primary role in
driving supply chain optimization, efficiency gains in production
processes, and transparency regarding energy consumption
and emissions.

58

We also leverage our expertise in business processes across
industries to direct our innovations to the world's greatest
challenges, such as the social and environmental strains posed
by a rapidly expanding global middle class. Our goal is to create
long-term value by providing solutions not just for the current
challenges faced by our customers, but also those of the
future. In this way, we see our role moving beyond the creation
of new efficient solutions: We want to help fundamentally
change how people live, conduct business, and use software.
This framework underscores how SAP can create its greatest
impact through the use of our solutions by more than

253,500 customers worldwide.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 8 ---

Portfolio of Products,

Solutions, and Services

OUR FOCUS ON CUSTOMERS AND INNOVATION

SAP's portfolio of products, solutions, services, and support is
designed with customer centricity in mind. Our solutions help
customers address the major trends and issues of our time —
such as the unprecedented power of people to connect, the
ubiquity of mobile technology, the pressures of population
growth and rapid urbanization, and the increasing demand on
natural resources. Our software enables companies of all sizes
to better connect to their customers and suppliers, and to
measure, track, and manage their sustainable operations. Our
solutions also address our customers’ expectations for shorter
innovation cycles, an attractive total cost of ownership (TCO), a
superior user experience, and choice of consumption options —
whether on premise or in the cloud.

SAP's portfolio offers solutions to customers of all sizes and
across 25 industries, all around the globe. The platform for all
our solutions is called SAP HANA. SAP was the first company
to introduce an in-memory database not only for analytics,

ut also for running complete enterprise applications in main
memory. SAP HANA is an in-memory data platform that is
deployable as an on-premise appliance or in the cloud. It is a
revolutionary platform best suited for performing real-time
analytics, and developing and deploying real-time applications.
Due to its hybrid structure for processing transactional work-
loads and analytical workloads fully in-memory, SAP HANA
combines the best of both worlds. It also offers a unique
opportunity for business innovation, simplifying IT landscapes,
reducing TCO, and boosting performance by a wide margin.

All of our products will be enabled to run on the SAP HANA
latform, and we continue to make SAP HANA a key differentiator
in both technology and business applications across our entire
ortfolio.

Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services

SOLUTIONS

SAP has built a deep expertise in more than 40 years of delivering
market-leading software to distinct industries and lines of
business. Our end-to-end solutions for industries and lines of
business combine assets across our product, service, technology,
and market categories to solve specific customer challenges.

Solutions for Lines of Business

Our line-of-business solutions are relevant across all industries,
providing best-practice capabilities to key functional areas
within an organization. As a result, they enable professionals
to excel within their respective disciplines. Our portfolio of
solutions currently covers 12 lines of business:

— Asset management

— Corporate strategy and sustainability

— Finance

— Human resources

— Information technology

— Manufacturing

— Marketing

— Procurement

— R&D and engineering

- Sales

— Service

— Supply chain management

59


--- Page 9 ---

We deliver these solutions on premise or through the cloud as

software-as-a-service (SaaS) offerings:

— SAP Cloud for Human Resources: Together with existing HR
cloud solutions from SAP, SuccessFactors, an SAP company,
offers a full suite of cloud solutions that help companies
improve workforce productivity and engage, train, motivate,
and retain their people.

— SAP Cloud for Finance: Cloud solutions that support key
financial processes including travel and expense reporting.

— SAP Cloud for Sales, SAP Cloud for Service, SAP Cloud for
Marketing: These individual cloud portfolios offer applications
that manage all aspects of customer interaction — marketing,
sales, service — while employing next-generation socia
capabilities.

— SAP Cloud for Procurement: The portfolio from Ariba, an
SAP company, combines the world’s largest cloud-based
business network with cloud-based applications for buying,
selling, and managing cash used by companies around the
globe to connect to their trading partners.

— Cloud Suites: SAP offers SAP Business Suite powered by
SAP HANA in the cloud. In addition, SAP Business ByDesign
and SAP Business One Cloud provide two cloud suites for
subsidiaries and small businesses.

Solutions for Industries

For decades, SAP has developed deep expertise within specific
industry groups. Our product development teams include
professionals from within those industries, and we continually
engage with customers to develop solutions that represent
industry best practices. With the 2013 addition of the SAP for
Sports & Entertainment industry portfolio, SAP now supports
enterprises in 25 industries.

60

Industry Sector Industry Portfolio

SAP for Consumer Products
SAP for Life Sciences

SAP for Retail

SAP for Wholesale Distribution

Consumer

Discrete manufacturing SAP for Aerospace & Defense
SAP for Automotive
SAP for High Tech

SAP for Industrial Machinery & Components

SAP for Chemicals
SAP for Mill Products
SAP for Mining

SAP for Oil & Gas
SAP for Utilities

Energy and natural
resources

Financial services SAP for Banking

SAP for Insurance

Public services SAP for Defense & Security
SAP for Healthcare
SAP for Higher Education & Research

SAP for Public Sector

Services SAP for Engineering, Construction & Operations
SAP for Media

SAP for Professional Services

SAP for Sports & Entertainment

SAP for Telecommunications

SAP for Transportation & Logistics

Solutions for Small Businesses and Midsize Companies
SAP offers a number of targeted solutions for small businesses
and midsize companies, including the SAP Business All-in-One
solution, the SAP Business One application, and Edge solutions,
which combine business management and business intelligence
software. These solutions are targeted and optimized for
small businesses and midsize companies, and provide growing
enterprises with the capabilities they need to compete ina
global market.

SAP also offers affordable, scalable solutions in the cloud, such
as SAP Business ByDesign and SuccessFactors HCM Suite.
These solutions are relevant for companies of all sizes, including
small and midsize enterprises. Additionally, we offer SAP

Combined Management Report


--- Page 10 ---

Business One Cloud to small businesses and midsize companies.
SAP Business One Cloud is a comprehensive and easy-to-
consume cloud offering with predictable costs.

PRODUCTS

In 2013, SAP offered innovative products in five market categories:
Applications, Analytics, Mobile, Database and Technology, and
Cloud, all powered by the SAP HANA platform.

We will continue to offer products in these market categories,

along with innovations designed to meet customer needs now
and in the future. As described in the Vision, Missio t
section of this management report, our strategy will focus
even more on how our products deliver simplicity, better business
outcomes, and sustainable business value.

In 2013, our product portfolio comprised the following:

Applications

SAP is the recognized leader in enterprise applications. Based
on our leading technology and our unmatched business
process know-how, we deliver innovations without disruptions.

SAP Business Suite software helps create a comprehensive
business process platform for companies to run better and
perform better every day.

The main applications in SAP Business Suite are:

— SAP Customer Relationship Management (SAP CRM):
Provides a comprehensive set of functionality for marketing,
sales, and service to engage with customers.

— SAP ERP: Supports critical business processes such as
finance, HR, and other essential corporate functions.

— SAP Product Lifecycle Management (SAP PLM): Manages
the product and asset lifecycle across the extended supply
chain.

— SAP Supplier Relationship Management (SAP SRM):
Supports key procurement activities.

— SAP Supply Chain Management (SAP SCM): Helps adapt
supply chain processes to a rapidly changing competitive
landscape.

Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services

SAP Business Suite is also available “powered by SAP HANA”
as our next-generation business suite that captures and
analyzes data in real time on a single in-memory platform. In
the past, companies would run separate disk-based systems;
one to capture transactional data, and one to analyze data in

a data warehouse. SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA
allows customers to work with a single in-memory data
management system, empowering customers to run their
business in real time to transact, analyze, and predict instantly
and proactively. This gives companies the ability to translate
real-time insights into action immediately, while removing the
complexity of redundant system data and systems. Customers
can now manage mission-critical business processes, such as
planning, execution, reporting, and analysis, in real time using
the same relevant live data. This simplification lowers TCO.

Analytics

Our analytics offerings enable users to unleash the power of
collective insight by helping them collect massive amounts of
Big Data and use it to drive better business outcomes. The
solutions enable users to unlock the data they need empowering
them with the right information at the right time to make
insightful business decisions, anticipate change, and uncover
new opportunities. When using software powered by SAP
HANA, companies can gain insight by overcoming the classic
trade-off between the speed and flexibility of data analysis.

As aresult, data analysis becomes much faster and more
cost-effective.

61


--- Page 11 ---

Analytic solutions from SAP include:

— Business intelligence (Bl): Helps users to make fact-based
decisions with enterprise business intelligence solutions
that enable users to engage with all their data, on any device,
across any platform. Our BI solutions include the SAP
BusinessObjects BI platform, SAP Crystal Reports, SAP
BusinessObjects Dashboards, and SAP Lumira.

— Enterprise performance management (EPM): Helps
companies improve performance, organizational agility, and
decision making. SAP solutions for EPM include SAP
Business Planning and Consolidation, SAP Profitability and
Cost Management, SAP Financial Consolidation, and SAP
Disclosure Management applications.

— Governance, risk, and compliance (GRC): Provides
organizations with a real-time approach to manage GRC
across heterogeneous business environments. SAP solutions
for GRC include the SAP Risk Management, SAP Access
Control, and SAP Global Trade Services applications as well
as the SAP Sustainability Performance Management analytic
application.

— Predictive analytics: Brings advanced analytics capabilities
to a broad spectrum of users — beyond data scientists to
line-of-business users and analysts in the workplace — to
help uncover new business opportunities, predict trends, and
proactively respond to change. This is made possible by
automating key modeling and analytical tasks and enabling
faster deployment and adoption of predictive analytics tools.

Mobile

Today's businesses demand mobile access to critical business
information. Mobile solutions from SAP offer the foundation
for enterprise mobility and seamless integration with the core
enterprise applications of our customers. SAP is recognized as
a market leader in enterprise mobility.

62

Our portfolio of mobile solutions includes:

— Enterprise mobility management: In many organizations,
employees use different types of mobile devices to access
critical enterprise data, content, and applications. To address
this demand, SAP offers the SAP Afaria mobile device
management solution and the SAP Mobile Documents solution.

— Mobile apps: SAP has a variety of mobile apps that interface
with our on-premise solutions and address line-of-business,
industry, and consumer needs. In addition, SAP has opened
our mobile development platform to our partner ecosystem
to support the growing demand for mobile apps.

— SAP Mobile Platform: SAP Mobile Platform combines Sybase
Unwired Platform, the former Sybase 365 Mobilizer Platform
(for business-to-consumer applications), and Agentry from
the acquired company Syclo into a single platform, thus
supporting mobile development and deployment across the
entire enterprise.

Database and Technology
Our database and technology portfolio provides a solid and
comprehensive foundation for business applications. SAP
HANA, our ground-breaking in-memory platform, has redefined
innovation in the database and technology market and has
become the fastest-growing product in our history. We depend
on our ecosystem to expand our reach, and accelerate growth
and adoption of SAP database and technology products
beyond our installed base customers.

In addition to SAP HANA, we offer a comprehensive family of

database and technology solutions that includes:

— Application development and integration: SAP NetWeaver
provides a comprehensive technology platform, designed
to efficiently develop, run, and extend business applications.
SAP NetWeaver provides technology and enterprise software,
such as the SAP NetWeaver Business Warehouse (SAP
NetWeaver BW) application, and the SAP NetWeaver
Application Server, SAP NetWeaver Portal, and SAP NetWeaver
Process Orchestration components.

— Database: We offer the technology to make up a real-time
data platform, including SAP HANA, SAP IQ database
software, SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE), and the
SAP SQL Anywhere suite.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 12 ---

Cloud

In a world where customers need to respond quickly to changing
market conditions, the cloud model offers an ideal combination
of flexibility, affordability, and rapid time to value. With SAP
Cloud powered by SAP HANA, we are helping customers enjoy
the innovation potential of a cloud-based setup. At the same
time, we are simplifying our consumption model, our product
portfolio, and our customers’ user experience.

Today, SAP offers one of the most comprehensive cloud portfolios
on the market. With the decision to offer all our products in
the cloud, the cloud category will evolve from a product category
to a deployment option for our customers to simplify the
consumption of our solutions. Our offerings span cloud applications,
business networks, and cloud platforms. In addition, we offer
our customers a choice of different cloud deployments to fit
their business needs, such as public or private cloud models.

In 2013, SAP began offering SAP Cloud powered by SAP
HANA, which includes infrastructure, platform, and software
as services in the cloud, incorporating the former SAP HANA
Enterprise Cloud managed cloud services offering. It allows
entire enterprise systems to be run in the cloud and provides
customers with a new deployment option to gain immediate
value from the innovations of SAP HANA. This enables the
operation of mission-critical business applications as well as
new applications powered by SAP HANA. In providing such
services, we aim to enable organizations to realize faster time
to value coupled with lower total cost of ownership, and benefit
from increased flexibility and reliability.

In addition, SAP HANA Cloud Platform is a development
platform-as-a-service (PaaS) designed to help customers,
independent software vendors, and partners rapidly create
innovative enterprise software applications in the cloud
leveraging our leading in-memory technology.

SAP supports a hybrid model, allowing customers to integrate
new cloud services with their on-premise applications. This
gives customers the opportunity to consume new innovations
using the cloud while safeguarding their investments in their
existing application landscape.

Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services

SERVICES AND SUPPORT

SAP offers comprehensive services and support to help our
customers maximize the value of their SAP investments by
offering higher value realization, faster adoption of innovation,
and higher efficiency in the implementation of our solutions.
Our services and support portfolio covers the entire end-
to-end application lifecycle, from a tight integration with our
development organization, to accelerating innovation and
continuous improvement of our software solutions, to complete
risk and quality management.

Software-Related Services

Custom Development

The SAP Custom Development organization specializes in
building individual software solutions that address the unique
needs of our customers, and that fit seamlessly with existing
SAP software. SAP Custom Development draws on our
innovations, especially SAP HANA, to deliver unmatched
impact and value for specific customer use cases.

Maintenance and Support

SAP offers a comprehensive and tiered maintenance and
support model to customers of our on-premise solutions on
a global basis. This support offering primarily includes SAP
Enterprise Support and SAP Standard Support offerings.

— SAP Enterprise Support: Our premier maintenance
and support offering is designed as a strategic, long-term
partnership with our customers.

— SAP Standard Support: Our basic support offering
delivers functions, knowledge, and tools that help customers
implement, maintain, and enhance their SAP solutions.

63


--- Page 13 ---

Our support portfolio also contains two additional premium

maintenance offerings:

— SAP MaxAttention: These services provide the highest
possible level of support for our customers. The combination
of SAP MaxAttention and SAP Enterprise Support offers
customers comprehensive all-round support. This strategic
offering is designed for continuous business and co-innovation
with customers. Through the SAP Active Global Support
(SAP AGS) organization, SAP MaxAttention offers support
services tailored to the requirements of the customer,
expertise acquisition by the customer, and continuous
cooperation at senior management level based on an
agreed-to balanced scorecard.

— SAP ActiveEmbedded: These enhanced engagement
services help optimize solutions and accelerate adoption of
technologies without disrupting customer businesses.

For our cloud portfolio, support is included as part of our
cloud subscriptions. Customers have the option of choosing
standard, premium, and platinum support. In the premium
and platinum offerings, customers have access to support
offerings, such as access to a dedicated support account
manager.

64

Professional Services

Consulting Services

We offer consulting services for the planning, implementation,
and optimization phase of our business solutions. Our
consultants engage in a wide range of services, including
business transformation, IT transformation, performance and
insight optimization, and business applications services. These
services help customers optimize business performance and
leverage the full power of SAP solutions.

SAP consultants also implement SAP Rapid Deployment
solutions, which combine preconfigured software and predefined
services, such as SAP Best Practices, templates, tools, and
user guides. By doing so, they help companies adopt innovations
more quickly and at transparent cost.

Education Services

The SAP Education organization offers a complete portfolio

of multimodal learning that covers the learning needs of single
individuals, as well as organizations. We provide a consistent
curriculum for learners around the world, including online
e-learning, virtual live classroom sessions, learning on demand,
and classroom training. Our educational programs help people
become more proficient, efficient, and productive in their

use of SAP solutions. Every year, more than 500,000 individuals
are trained by SAP Education, making it one of the largest IT
training organizations in the world.

For more information about services and support from SAP,
see www.sap.com/services-Suppo c.htmil. For more
information about how SAP handles security and privacy in our
products and services, see the urity and Privacy section

of the SAP | ated Report 2013 online. For imore information
about SAP products and solutions, see v sap.com/pc/
index.html

Combined Management Report


--- Page 14 ---

Customers

When SAP customers become best-run businesses, they can
create more sustainable business models — which in turn helps
us ensure our own long-term viability. That is why we strive

to provide more than just software; we continually engage with
our customers at every stage — not only during the sales and
implementation phases, but also through the sharing of best
practices and innovations.

One example of this strategy is our Customer Engagement
Initiative. This program offers customers early insight into
certain aspects of our product road map, so they can influence
the development cycle. In addition, it offers customers the
opportunity to network on topics of mutual interest. These
networking opportunities take place at a variety of global
events, including the SAPPHIRE NOW and SAP d-code
(previously SAP TechEd) conferences, as well as virtual events.

CUSTOMER LOYALTY

We gauge customer loyalty through an annual survey that
measures our Net Promoter Score (NPS). Customer loyalty is
one of our four companywide strategic goals, along with
revenue, margin, and employee engagement. In 2013, our NPS
increased by 3.2 percentage points to 12.1%, compared with
8.9% in 2012. The increase achieved in 2013 showed us

that we are on the right track even though we had predicted an
increase of eight percentage points at the beginning of the
year. In addition, the results provided insights into different
geographic regions and issues, and will help inform our future
approach.

Our increased NPS reflects our commitment to listening to our
customers and responding to their needs. Our goal is to best
support their success and the success of SAP. For example, we
are expanding on the insights provided by our surveys through
in-person focus groups that explore customer feedback in
more depth. These sessions have enabled us to identify the
underlying reasons behind issues and focus more precisely on

Customers

where we need to make improvements. We are also showing
customers how we are addressing feedback. A prime example
is the use of SAP Service Marketplace to describe improvement
projects in a host of areas, from our licensing process to our
digital experience. Customers can also provide input into these
projects through idea place, an online platform from SAP, to
capture, discuss, and rate ideas.

The NPS shows how likely our customers would be to recommend
SAP to friends or colleagues on a scale of 0-10. To determine
this metric, we start with the percentage of “promoters” of SAP
— those who give us a score of 9 or 10. We then subtract the
number of “detractors” — those who give us a score of 0-6. The
method ignores “passives,” who give us a score of 7 or 8. The
NPS can range from -100% to +100%. For more information on
the NPS, see the Inte n section,

and the AP Integrated
Repor

il Management
section of the

STRONG CUSTOMER DEMAND

Our strategy focuses on offering solutions and services to help
customers run better today and tomorrow. To do so we offer

a spectrum of solutions from complete suites to applications
that are simple, lean, focused, quick to implement, and highly
mobile. In 2013, we saw customers embrace this strategy by
licensing or subscribing to the full range of SAP applications —
from comprehensive solutions for large enterprises to the
latest mobile apps.

65


--- Page 15 ---

Some examples by region include the following customers:

EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AND AFRICA (EMEA) REGION

— The Deutscher Fussball-Bund (DFB) is made up of the German
Association Football League at the professional level and
five regional and 21 state associations at the semi-pro and
amateur levels. The customer plans to tailor campaigns and
promotions to fans through the SAP CRM powered by SAP
HANA rapid-deployment solution and SAP Event Ticketing
software.

— Eldorado, a large consumer electronics and domestic
appliances retailer in Russia, selected the SAP CRM powered
by SAP HANA application, as well as the SAP 360 Customer,
SAP Planning for Retail, and hybris OmniCommerce for retail
to help improve customer service and achieve faster results.
With SAP and hybris software, Eldorado expects to track and
combine consumer information across channels in real time,
so they can run their business and achieve full intimacy with
their consumers.

— Nestlé Nespresso is a world leader in coffee machines and
coffee maker technology. With the SAP Cloud for Sales solu-
tion, Nespresso aims to extend its premium experience by
understanding and engaging customers at every step of the
buying journey.

— The Royal Swaziland Sugar Corporation, a leading sugar
producer in Africa, has chosen to adopt SAP Business Suite
powered by SAP HANA. SAP Business Suite software will
allow the company to consolidate multiple systems.

— Unilever, one of the largest multinational consumer goods
companies in the world, partnered with SAP to develop the
SAP Retail Execution mobile app on SAP Mobile Platform.
With this SAP software, Unilever expects to empower its large
sales force, merchandisers, and shopping assistants across
multiple countries in Asia and Europe to accelerate opportu-
nities at the point of sale and increase customer satisfaction.

66

AMERICAS REGION

— ExxonMobil, an American multinational oil and gas corporation,
selected the SAP Cloud for Sales solution and the SAP Sales
and Operations Planning solution (powered by SAP HANA)

to support deman
on-premise SAP soft
from SAP, ExxonMo!
processes, increase

and supply balancing. Building on its
tware deployment with cloud solutions
il expects to optimize logistics planning
lanning accuracy, and shorten planning

cycle time through the improved management of Big Data.

— Levi Strauss & Co,a

well-known clothing brand, chose to

run its analytics platform through SAP NetWeaver Business
Warehouse powered by SAP HANA. With this, Levi Strauss

expects to consoli

ate financial reporting globally, get

real time insight into product performance, and help stock
the right products in the right stores at the right time.
— Petrobras, Brazil’s largest energy company, is already live

with the SAP Busine

ss Planning and Consolidation application.

Petrobras expects t!
accuracy and drive
latest oil prices and

is implementation to improve forecast
real-time financial planning based on
currency fluctuations.

— ProHealth Care, a community-based healthcare system

located in the Unite:

d States, selected the SuccessFactors

Enterprise bundle. With SAP, ProHealth Care expects to
align with its top HR initiatives, focusing on patient safety and

satisfaction.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 16 ---

ASIA PACIFIC JAPAN (APJ) REGION

- Agricultural Bank of China (ABC), one of the four Tier 1 banks
in China, selected SAP ASE and SAP IQ software to support
synergistic development in rural and urban areas. With SAP,
ABC expects to capitalize on its comprehensive business
portfolio and extensive distribution network through the use
of an advanced IT platform.

— China Resources Enterprise (CRE), a large producer of
consumer goods in China, selected the SAP 360 Customer
solution and the SAP Trade Promotion Management application.
With SAP software, CRE expects to gain the speed and
flexibility it needs to execute its winning strategy from any
device, anytime, anywhere.

— Net One Systems, a leading network integrator in Japan,
selected the SAP ERP application to promote innovation
in its operating processes, construct an efficient IT platform,
and strengthen internal controls by linking information
among its operations.

— Shanghai Huayi Group, one of China's largest chemical
manufacturers, operates more than 20 wholly owned and
shareholding subsidiaries. With SAP software, Shanghai
Huayi Group expects to improve capital operations, resources
sharing, and technological management to advance the
company into the world’s top 50 chemical makers.

— Varun Beverages Limited, a food and beverages company
based in India, selected SAP Business Suite powered by
SAP HANA to support faster, smarter, and real-time decision
making. With SAP software, Varun Beverages expects
to provide real-time analytical reporting to key stakeholders,
while achieving a 20% reduction in the MRP process and
a15% reduction in overall order processing time.

Customers

67


--- Page 17 ---

Research and Development

Research and development is the source of the discoveries
that will shape the future for SAP and its customers. At

SAP, research and development is a global effort that is highly
collaborative, focused on customer value, and involves
co-innovation with customers, partners, and academia.

GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT, LOCAL FOCUS

Our Products & Innovation organization is truly global, with the
majority of development colleagues located in 14 SAP Labs
locations in 12 countries (see graphic). SAP Labs are globally
distributed, situated within major technology hubs where
access to talent and the latest technology trends create an
optimal setup for innovation.

SAP Labs locations in fast-growing markets strive to produce
market-relevant solutions that complement SAP's global product
ortfolio. In addition, they are structured in a manner that
allows for close interaction with local stakeholders, including
customers, partners, and universities. This strategy of distrib-
uted development, focusing on locations with talent availability,
fostering diversity and access to new ideas, while also ensuring
local market relevance, has proven highly successful for SAP.

To every technology and engineering challenge, SAP brings

the strength and experience of a global development team. This
elps ensure the rapid impact of research and development
activities on our solution portfolio, and contributes to an
ever-increasing pace of innovation.

CONTINUOUS INNOVATION

Research and development is only successful if it provides
continuous improvement for existing products, while at the
same time executing against promising new concepts that
can help SAP enter new markets. And it must do so better and
faster than our competition.

The following were among our 2013 R&D accomplishments:

68

SAP HANA

In 2013, SAP made further investments in our next-generation

in-memory platform, SAP HAN.
our products, solutions, and se
can run their businesses in rea
ecosystem of partners further

A, as the foundation for all of
rvices — so that our customers
time. A rich and growing

rives the adoption of SAP HANA

as an open platform, and a number of startup companies now

deliver new and innovative app
platform.

Cloud

To further advance our leaders

ications built on the SAP HANA

ip in the cloud, we continued

to expand our portfolio of cloud-based applications. For example,

customers that want to accele!

rate their transition to the

real-time enterprise can now take advantage of our latest

innovation in the cloud, SAP C!

loud powered by SAP HANA,

which includes infrastructure, p!

jatform, and software as services

in the cloud, incorporating the former SAP HANA Enterprise
Cloud managed cloud services offering. Core elements include
an elastic infrastructure, the in-memory platform, and services
for deploying SAP or custom applications in real time.

SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA

Our highly engaged and diverse research and development
teams are also working to improve SAP Business Suite by
simplifying the end-to-end experience of using the applications
while also optimizing performance. Combining SAP Business
Suite with SAP HANA was a major milestone in 2013, enabling
customers to make decisions in real time and gain unmatched
visibility into business processes In addition, the software
helps customers unleash their full potential when it comes to
meeting consumer and competitive demands through
real-time access to data, real-time analytics, and unprecedented
improvements in performance.

Adhering to our imperative of “SAP runs SAP,” SAP has led
the way in the adoption of SAP Business Suite powered by
SAP HANA by going live internally with SAP CRM and SAP ERP
applications now running on SAP HANA in 2013.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 18 ---

Major Development Locations (SAP Labs) in 12 Countries

SAP Fiori
With SAP Fiori applications, SAP continues to further renew

and simplify the user experience for all our products. For example,

SAP Fiori offers an intuitive end-to-end user experience for
broadly and frequently used SAP software functions that work
seamlessly across devices — desktop, tablet or smartphone.

Research and Development

New Industry Solutions

Across industries, we continue to look for opportunities to

help our customers and partners expand their businesses by
analyzing, evaluating, and co-innovating business processes.
In 2013, for example, SAP brought its knowledge and experience
to the sports and entertainment industry. Our solutions help
sports teams, leagues, and venues run faster, smarter, and simpler.
In addition, they are designed to deepen fan engagement, drive
on-field performance, and optimize business efficiency.

69


--- Page 19 ---

A CULTURE OF CUSTOMER CENTRICITY,
EMPOWERMENT, AND ACCOUNTABILITY

Today, SAP’s development is closely attuned to customers’
business environments, product landscapes, and users. In
addition, we foster a development culture of customer centricity,
empowerment, and accountability. We believe that our work
impacts such factors as customer loyalty and employee
engagement, and that those factors have significant relevance
to our company’s financial performance.

Our design-led research and development methodology puts
the customer and user at the center during the entire devel-
opment process. This results in robust solutions to complex
business challenges — solutions that are technically feasible,
desirable to users, and viable to the business for both SAP and
its customers.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURE

SAP's strong commitment to research and development (R&D)
is also reflected in our expenditures: In 2013, we increased our
R&D expense (IFRS) slightly by €21 million, to €2,282 million
(2012: €2,261 million). We spent 13.6% of total revenue on R&D
in 2013 (2012: 13.9%). Our non-IFRS R&D expense as a portion
of total operating expenses declined slightly from 19.2% to
19.0% year over year. While we continue to increase our innova-
tive capacity, we increased our efficiency.

Research and Development (IFRS)

€ millions | change since previous year

1,591 1,729 1,935 2,261 2,282
2% +9% +12% +17% +1%
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

70

At the end of 2013, our total full-time equivalent (FTE) count in
development work was 17,804 (2012: 18,012). Measured in
FTEs, our R&D headcount was 27% of total headcount (2012:
28%). Total R&D expense includes not only our own personnel
costs but also the external cost of works and services from
the providers and cooperation partners we work with to deliver
and enhance our products. We also incur external costs

for translating, localizing, and testing products, for obtaining
certification for them in different markets, patent attorney
services and fees, strategy consulting, and the professional
development of our R&D workforce.

PATENTS

As a leader in enterprise applications, SAP actively seeks
intellectual property protection for innovations and proprietary
information. Our software innovations continue to strengthen
our market position in enterprise solutions and services. Our
investment in R&D has resulted in numerous patents. SAP
holds a total of more than 5,500 validated patents worldwide.
Of these, more than 700 were granted and validated in 2013.

While our intellectual property is important to our success,

we believe our business as a whole is not dependent on any
particular patent.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 20 ---

Partner Ecosystem

SAP engages with an extensive partner ecosystem to address
the needs of customers around the world. With nearly 11,500
partners at the end of 2013, we continue to foster our partner
ecosystem. Partners operate independently of SAP, and com-
plement our business in one or more of the following ways:

— Selling SAP software: SAP partners help companies of all
sizes identify, purchase, and deploy the ideal solutions to
address their business needs. SAP value-added resellers
(VARs) and multitier distribution channels offer local market
and industry expertise that addresses specific market needs.
SAP closely aligns its sales efforts with those of our partners
through well-defined rules of engagement that outline each
organization's roles and responsibilities. In most markets,
partners are the primary sales channel to address the needs
of small and midsize enterprises (SMEs). Our company also
sells select products through our own online channel, SAP
Store, which includes complementary solutions developed by
SAP partners. In addition, SAP resells applicable partner
solutions as part of our solution extensions portfolio. These
partner-developed solutions are tested, validated, and
approved by SAP development organizations, and supported
by SAP.

Developing solutions that complement SAP software: SAP
has a vibrant community of partners that develop on SAP
platforms and create complementary products integrating
with SAP applications. This community is vital to providing
our customers with a broad portfolio of solutions that leverage
the capabilities of SAP HANA, SAP Mobile Platform,

our cloud offerings, and more. At the same time, we maintain
strategic relationships with industry-leading technology,
software, and services firms. SAP engages with the partner
community in the development of new solutions, and works
closely with partners on new product initiatives. Partners

can embed SAP technology within their offerings under an
original equipment manufacturer (OEM) licensing agreement.
We also work actively with partners to enable new and
innovative delivery and go-to-market approaches to support
customer needs and preferences. Beyond these formal
partnerships, companies can also certify their integration
with SAP technology through the SAP Integration and
Certification Center (SAP ICC).

Partner Ecosystem

— Providing implementation and other services: SAP has
strong partnerships with a broad network of IT professional
services firms that provide consulting, system integration,
hosting, education, and more. At the end of 2013, our partners
collectively had more than 380,000 skilled resources in SAP
solutions and technology. These companies are critical to the
successful implementation and deployment of SAP solutions
at customers we serve together. In response to growing cus-
tomer demand for flexible deployment and purchase options,
SAP is working closely with the partner ecosystem to
offer innovative cloud-based offerings and business models,
including OEM and managed cloud services, and by
making SAP platforms and applications available through
public cloud offerings.

To help the SAP partner ecosystem achieve its business goals.
SAP provides an extensive array of business support offerings.
SAP's flagship partner program, SAP PartnerEdge, offers a
tiered engagement model that provides marketing, sales, and
technical enablement, as well as education, deal support,
and a variety of other benefits and resources. We provide SAP
global partners — a select group of leading global technology,
software, and services companies — with dedicated teams that
work closely with them to proactively engage in business
development and technical initiatives addressing specific market
needs. Many of our partners participate in SAP Community
Network, an online community that facilitates networking and
information sharing for technical professionals. In addition,
many participate in the SAP Listens program, which surveys
partners for feedback and provides insight into projects we
have initiated to address partner issues.

a o

Avibrant partner ecosystem is essential to SAP’s success, and
is a key component in our ability to achieve our mission of
helping businesses run better and improving the lives of people
everywhere.

71


--- Page 21 ---

Acquisitions

SAP views acquisitions as investments in people, technologies,
and growth. In 2013, SAP made the following acquisitions:

ACQUISITIONS

— In March, SAP acquired Ticket-Web GmbH & Co. KG, a provider
of ticketing solutions and niche customer relationship
management (CRM) software for sports and entertainment
promoters. The acquisition helped SAP enter the sports and
entertainment industry, as we can now offer enhanced
solutions that help promoters, venues, and teams market
events over the Internet and better manage arenas.

— In April, SAP acquired certain assets from KMS Software
Company LLC, a provider of Web-based human capital
management software and solutions in the areas of
electronic onboarding, off-boarding, forms management,
and new-hire engagement.

- In April, SAP acquired Camilion, a provider of product
development, product lifecycle, and underwriting solutions
for the insurance market. These solutions allow SAP customers
to streamline the management and creation of new insurance
products, providing insurance brokers and underwriters with
simple tools to help speed up transactions and reduce costs.

— In April, SAP acquired SmartOps, a provider of inventory and
service-level optimization software solutions. This acquisition
helps SAP develop real-time supply chain software solutions
on the SAP HANA platform. The solutions help customers
optimize inventory and service levels, freeing up working
capital for innovation and growth.

— In August, SAP acquired hybris, one of the leading commerce
technology companies. This is an investment in the future
of commerce and customer engagement. We continue to
combine the omnichannel commerce solutions of hybris with
enterprise technology and industry leading in-memory,
cloud, and mobile innovations from SAP. Together, these
capabilities can help facilitate new levels of customer insight
and engagement.

— In October, SAP acquired KXEN, a provider of predictive
analytics technology for line-of-business users and analysts.
The addition of KXEN solutions will provide easy-to-use
predictive capabilities for the extensive SAP customer base.

72

For more information about our acquisitions, see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements section, e (4).

VENTURE ACTIVITIES

Through SAP Ventures, which comprises our consolidated
investment funds, SAP has partnered with renowned
entrepreneurs worldwide to build industry-leading businesses.
SAP Ventures has supported more than 100 companies on five
continents for more than 15 years. Many of these companies
ave been acquired or have become publicly listed companies.

n October, SAP announced its commitment to invest
US$650 million through a new consolidated investment fund,
named SAP Ventures Fund II.

n 2013, SAP made a total commitment of US$1 billion bringing
SAP Ventures’ total available investment pool to more than
US$1.4 billion for use over the lifetime of its respective funds.
nvestments through the funds are currently ongoing and
depend on capital calls from the funds. SAP Ventures seeks
companies with an established market presence that are
growing very fast, and which they can help fuel their growth by
adding expertise, relationships, geographic reach, and capital.
t invests globally with a particular focus on emerging companies
in Europe, India, and the United States, as well as in Brazil and
China.

For more information about our consolidated investment
funds, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, N

Combined Management Report


--- Page 22 ---

Employees and Social Investment

Nothing has a greater impact on SAP's long-term success
than the creativity, talent, and commitment of our people.
Their ability to understand the needs of our customers and to
innovate delivers sustainable value to our company and society.
Successful strategies to attract, retain, develop, and engage
our employees, therefore, are critical to driving a culture of
innovation, sustained growth, and profitability.

We continually review and evolve these strategies in response
to the markets we serve, demographic trends, and changes in
our business model. As we move more of our business to the
cloud, we are navigating profound shifts in how people consume
and create software. This rapid change means that we innovate
in much faster cycles than in the past. As a result, we must
have the right mix of talent and capabilities to support our
customers and deliver on our business strategy. Our people
must be agile and able to connect quickly and seamlessly with
the consumers of our solutions.

We are seeking to complement our established employee base
by hiring newer generations of talent that bring a different
perspective and skill set. We are also working to address shifting
expectations. Many professionals today are seeking a stronger
sense of purpose in their work, along with a creative, collaborative,
and flexible job environment. Fostering this type of culture is
also critical to our ability to innovate.

To adapt to this evolving landscape, we are reviewing a wide
range of areas, from how we attract diverse talent and develop
our employer brand to how we define what it means for

our leaders to develop and excel. In 2013, we took a number

of steps to make our talent management strategies even more
effective in supporting our future innovation and growth.
Mobilizing the skills and passions of the people of SAP fuels not
only our own success, but also the success of our customers, as
well as our ability to fulfill our vision to help the world run better
and improve people’s lives.

Employees and Social Investment

RECRUITING TALENT TO FULFILL OUR VISION
Throughout 2013, we continued to recruit employees through-
out the world, with particular emphasis on emerging markets,
including Brazil, China, India, Russia, and Turkey. We are also
focused on countries in Africa — namely, Kenya, Nigeria, and
South Africa. In addition to our regional emphasis, we laid the
foundation to attract talent with different skills to support our
cloud strategy. For example, we seek candidates with design
expertise to help us create software for the next generation of
customers. In addition, we must meet increasing demand for
products that take a human-centered approach to design and
are extremely easy to use.

To support these priorities, we undertook an end-to-end review
of our talent management process in 2013, with particular
focus on how to attract and acquire newer generations of
talent (“early talent”). We recognize that to meet our business
goals, we need a workforce that is agile and multigenerational,
with strong cross-cultural awareness. We are highlighting
opportunities for emerging talent to connect with a sense of
purpose in their work at SAP. In addition, we are creating new
ways to interact with prospective hires, such as inviting

our employees to speak with college students, running design-
thinking workshops on campus, and expanding our presence
on social media.

73


--- Page 23 ---

NURTURING TALENT AND LEADERSHIP

In 2013, we worked toward accelerating employee career devel-
opment in several ways. Specific projects included enhanced
assessments of individual potential and development needs,
career development sessions, greater transparency of internal
opportunities, and expanded fellowships that allow people to
work outside their regular roles. We encouraged employees

to work closely with their managers on an ongoing development
plan and introduced Success Map, a cloud-based solution
developed by SuccessFactors, to enhance talent management
and employee development. In addition, we offer a wide range
of opportunities for our employees to develop their professional
abilities, from e-learning courses to coaching. To ensure that
our learning portfolio focuses on the capabilities we need most
as an organization, we have been reviewing and refining these
offerings. On average, our employees engaged in approximately
nine days of training in 2013, compared to 11 days in 2012.

We also undertook a review of our leadership culture to identify
and enhance the qualities that are critical as we shift our
business model. As a result, we will increase our focus on hiring
and developing leaders who drive simplification and develop
outstanding talent to ensure our customers’ success. Two pilot
programs have already provided our leaders with the opportunity
to explore such critical topics in depth, exploring how to lead
through change, inspire innovation, and take a holistic
approach to leadership at SAP. In addition, we continue to offer
acomprehensive suite of leadership programs to all levels of
management, from coaching to specialized classroom learning.
We are especially focused on deepening our general
management capabilities.

74

We believe that to address the complex problems faced by
business and society, our employees must understand and
collaborate with people from a wide range of backgrounds and
perspectives. Our Social Sabbatical program supports this
goal, taking an innovative approach to developing talent while
creating a positive impact in communities around the world. A
group of 72 high-performing SAP employees from 30 countries
are working in close collaboration with entrepreneurs, small
and midsize enterprises, and nongovernmental organizations
(NGOs) in emerging markets. Projects run for one month

and focus on helping organizations grow, tackling business
challenges, and expanding their impact. Programs are currently
running in Brazil, China, India, and South Africa. Social
Sabbaticals demonstrate how we can create value for SAP

as well as others. Our employees return with an enhanced ability
to lead, design innovative solutions, and work across functions,
sectors, and cultures. Organizations benefit from fresh

input and expertise that advances their mission to serve society.

ENGAGING EMPLOYEES

In our 2013 People Survey, a general survey of all employees
conducted every two years, we achieved an overall employee
engagement score of 77%. This is down from the engagement
index of 79% reached the previous year during a pulse check
of half of our employees, but equal to the score achieved during
the last full People Survey in 2011. Our target for 2013 was a
score of 82%. We are now committed to achieving this score in
2015. Despite the slight drop in employee engagement in 2013,
we expect to see an incremental increase in our industry-
leading score in 2014.

We attribute this to the fundamental transformation impacting
the industry and to changes in top management that took
place this year. In response to the market and customers, we
are actively driving a growth and innovation strategy, with
concerted efforts to be a leader in the cloud with SAP HANA as
the platform for the industry. At the same time, the Executive

Combined Management Report


--- Page 24 ---

Board has undergone significant changes in the past year, with
asole CEO model heralded for 2014. We continually focus on
driving engagement through a range of activities, from career
development to enhanced leadership. Finally, each board
member has committed to following up on a key topic from the
People Survey. Employee engagement remains one of SAP's
four company-wide strategic goals, along with revenue, margin,
and customer loyalty.

RETAINING TALENT

In 2013, the employee retention rate at SAP worldwide was
93.5% (2012: 94.0%). We define retention as the ratio of the
average headcount (expressed in full-time equivalents) minus
employee-initiated terminations (turnover) divided by the
average headcount. In 2013, the average length of service at
SAP worldwide was approximately 6.5 years (2012: 6.8 years).

In addition to measuring our retention rate, we also calculate
its financial impact. We conducted an analysis showing that
for each percentage point that our retention rate goes up or
down, the impact on our operating profit is approximately
€60 million.

We do not seek a general retention rate of 100%, as some
turnover of talent supports our ability to innovate. However, we
view a high retention rate as a priority and work to retain
talent through our focus on employee engagement and career
development. We are especially focused on retention in
highly competitive job markets such as in Brazil and China.

EXPANDING EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP

In 2013, we continued our share-based compensation programs

to give employees worldwide the opportunity to participate in
the long-term success of SAP. Our Employee Participation Plan
(EPP) is a global plan open to employees worldwide. The plan
creates a common financial incentive and reward for achieving
the yearly milestones of our 2015 goals. Its formula is based

Employees and Social Investment

on virtual shares in the Company’s performance, allocated
at the beginning of the year, and on the performance of SAP
stock. The 2013 tranche pays out in 2014.

The EPP is offered to employees in addition to our existing
Share Matching Plan (SMP) and Stock Option Plan (SOP).
Under the SMP. eligible employees are invited to purchase
SAP shares at a discount of 40%. After a holding period of
three years, employees receive one SAP share free of charge
for every three shares held. Participants in the 2010
tranche received their free shares in 2013 after the holding
period ended.

The SOP targets top executives and top performers with an
allocation of stock options that vest after three years.
Beneficiaries who were granted options in 2010 were entitled
to exercise them in 2013 and benefited from the rise in the
stock price.

For more information about share-based payments, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
N

(97)
)

75


--- Page 25 ---

DRIVING INNOVATION THROUGH DIVERSITY

AND INCLUSION

We reframed our approach to diversity and inclusion in 2013 to
focus on four key areas that are critical to innovation and
sustainable long-term success: Gender Intelligence, Generational
Intelligence, Culture and Identity, and Differently Abled People.
Across all four areas, we seek to support the unique contributions
of every individual. For example, to increase understanding and
effectiveness among people of both genders, we conduct

a workshop called Women and Men Leading Together. Exploring
the subtleties of gender dynamics, this workshop is now
mandatory for all senior executives.

We aim to help lead the tech industry in developing a better
gender balance, and we continue to work toward our goal of
increasing the number of women in management from 18% in
2010 to 25% in 2017. Our overall percentage of women in the
workforce slightly increased in 2013 to 31% (2012: 30%), and
the percentage of women in management increased to 21.2%
in 2013 from 20.8% in 2012. To further support progress,

we offer executive sponsorships for women and require that at
least one diversity candidate is included on the short list for
leadership and other positions. In addition, all members of
our Executive Board have committed to dedicated action plans
to support the recruitment, retention, and career advancement
of candidates with diverse backgrounds.

One of our most significant developments in 2013 was the
introduction of our Autism at Work initiative, which has drawn
enormous support from the media, the public, and our employees.
We ran pilots in Canada, Germany, India, Ireland, and the
United States, hiring an initial group of people on the spectrum
of autism disorders to work on specialized IT tasks such as
software testing. Autism at Work enables us to tap a broader
pool of talent and spark innovation by embracing differences

in how people think, work, and tackle problems. We also see
potential to make a positive impact on people’s lives and
facilitate a broader conversation about autism that challenges
assumptions and inspires change.

76

CREATING HEALTHY CULTURE
At SAP, we focus on the health of our employees as well as the
health of our organizational culture. The two are interrelated,
and we want to ensure that people have the ability to manage
stress, balance their personal and professional lives, perform
at their best, and thereby help drive our innovation. Our Business
Health Culture Index (BHCI), based on our People Survey,
assesses the degree to which our workplace culture supports
people's well-being and work/life balance. In 2013, we achieved
a BHCI score of 67%, compared to 66% in 2012. Given the

fast pace of change in the IT industry, we have set a goal of
maintaining a score of 66% or higher.

We work toward our health goals through such global initiatives
as our Health and Innovation Weeks, and workshops for man-
agers on how to help their teams improve their resilience to
stress. In 2013, we piloted a program that offered employees in
Austria and Ireland the chance to create an in-depth personal
health profile and identify opportunities to enhance their
well-being. Utilizing tools such as biofeedback, the program
assessed everything from diet to sleep habits to how the heart
responds to stress. Highly popular with employees, the
program provided us with aggregated, anonymous data that
will help guide our health efforts in the future as we work

to support creativity, resilience, and performance.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 26 ---

SOCIAL INVESTMENTS
Our social investment strategy leverages our talent, technology,
and capital to create long-term, sustainable change. In 2013,
we continued to focus on two areas that are critical to both
SAP and society: Education and entrepreneurship. Fundamental
to creating opportunity and enabling people to join the market
economy, education also helps to create a pipeline of talent for
SAP. Entrepreneurship plays an equally vital role in driving
economic growth, creating jobs and spurring innovation. As we
rovide emerging entrepreneurs with technology and other
support, we gain a deeper understanding of the market for
small businesses and medium-size companies, positioning us
to better serve customers in the future.

n 2013, SAP contributed about €20 million in cash donations
to non-governmental and non-profit organizations. We donated
software to more than 1,300 non-profit organizations and

egan a new program to provide the non-profit sector with
analytics and cloud solutions. Our employees volunteered
about 125,000 hours in communities in 45 countries. In addition,
the SAP Solidarity Fund, a non-profit organization focused on
elping those affected by catastrophic events, responded to
such disasters as the typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines and
the flood in Germany. SAP employees donated more than
€240,000 to the fund in 2013, of which SAP matched
€185,000.

To advance our global entrepreneurship program, we identified
25 entrepreneurs in Brazil who will receive a range of support
from SAP, including technology and mentoring. We also
introduced a new program, Skills for Africa, which provides free
educational opportunities in information and communication
technology (ICT) and helps people find employment. Our sister
program in Brazil, Instituto Esperansap, is now in its fourth
year. These programs herald a new way of thinking, where we
play a direct role in preparing the next generation of talent and
developing a skilled workforce that will help drive our future
growth.

Employees and Social Investment

HEADCOUNT

On December 31, 2013, we had 66,572 full-time equivalent
(FTE) employees worldwide (December 31, 2012: 64,422). This
represents an increase in headcount of 2,150 FTEs in comparison
to 2012. Of the overall headcount increase in 2013, 1,111
resulted from acquisitions. The average number of employees
in 2013 was 65,409 (2012: 61,134).

We define the FTE headcount as the number of people we would
employ if we only employed people on full-time employment
contracts. Students employed part-time and certain individuals
who are employed by SAP but who, for various reasons, are
not currently working are excluded from our figures. Also,
temporary employees are not included in the above figures.
The number of such temporary employees is not material.

On December 31, 2013, the largest number of SAP employees
(47%) were employed in the EMEA region (including 26% in
Germany and 21% in other countries in the region), while 29%
were employed in the Americas region (including 20% in
the United States and 9% in other countries in the region) and
24% in the APJ region.

Our worldwide headcount in the field of software and software-
related services grew 7% to 11,261 FTEs (2012: 10,551). Cloud
operations and support accounted for most of the increase.
Professional services and other services counted 14,629 FTEs
at the end of 2013 - an increase of 3% (2012: 14,259). Most

77


--- Page 27 ---

of this increase was in consulting. A shift in the focus of our
industry solutions led to some movement of employees from
research and development to sales and marketing, resulting

in a1% headcount decrease to 17,804 FTEs (2012: 18,012) in
research and development and a 6% headcount increase to
15,824 FTEs (2012: 14,899) in sales and marketing. Mainly as a
result of our acquisition of hybris, general and administration
headcount rose 7% to 4,566 FTEs at the end of the year (2012:
4,286). Our infrastructure employees, who provide IT and
facility management services, numbered 2,488 FTEs — an increase
of 3% (2012: 2,415) that mainly resulted from our acquisitions
and investments in our company IT.

In the Americas region, headcount (FTEs) increased by 445, or
2%; in the EMEA region, the increase was 1,236, or 4%; and in
the APJ region, it was 469, or 3%.

Our personnel expense per employee decreased to approxi-
mately €114,000 in 2013 (2012: approximately €119,000). The
decrease is primarily related to foreign exchange effects as

the majority of our employees is located outside of the eurozone
and paid in local currency. The personnel expense per
employee is defined as the personnel expense divided by the
average number of employees. For more information

about employee compensation and a detailed overview of

the number of people SAP employed, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (7).

78

Number of Employees

Full-time equivalents

47,584 53,513 55,765 64,422 66,572
15,542
11,741 Tage
10,248
27,700
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

lH EMEAregion ™ Americas region Asia Pacific Japan region

Employees by Functional Area

Full-time equivalents

Research and
development

17,804

Infrastructure
2,488

General and Professional services
administration and other services
4,566 14,629
Software and

software-related Sales and
services marketing

11,261 15,824

Combined Management Report


--- Page 28 ---

Energy Consumption and
Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Over the past several years, we have worked to better understand
the connections between our energy consumption, its related
cost, and the resulting environmental impact. Today we measure
and address our energy usage throughout SAP, as well as our
greenhouse gas emissions across our entire value chain. Since
the beginning of 2008, we calculate that energy efficiency
initiatives have contributed to a cumulative cost avoidance of
€260 million, compared to a business-as-usual extrapolation.

Moreover, to credibly offer solutions that help our customers
etter manage their use of resources, we must do so ourselves.
By addressing the financial and environmental impact of

our energy consumption, we have gained valuable insights to
create solutions for our customers.

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMED

Because our energy usage drives our emissions, one of

the most important measures we look at is our total energy
consumed. This includes all energy that SAP produces or
urchases — in other words, the energy whose production
causes emissions falling into Scopes 1 and 2 of the Greenhouse
Gas Protocol. Our total energy consumption increased to 910
gigawatt hours (GWh) in 2013, compared to 860 GWh in 2012.
his increase is due to significant growth in our business. In
addition, as software usage shifts to the cloud, we are hosting
more of our customers’ systems in our data centers, requiring
additional servers and facilities that consume more energy.

As we describe in more detail below, we believe that this shift
has the opposite effect for our customers, who can save energy
through our shared infrastructure.

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas Emissions

As our business grows, we maintain the efficiency gains we
have made over the past several years. For example, our total
corporate car fleet is not consuming more fuel despite the fact
that a significant number of company cars has been added,
since the average company car has become more fuel-efficient.
So, while our car fleet grew by 6%, we had efficiency gains of
6% across the entire fleet. As a result, our total energy
consumption remained steady at 13,900 kilowatt hours (kWh)
per employee in 2013.

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

Our goal is to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions from

our operations to levels of the year 2000 by 2020. This target
includes direct and indirect emissions from running our
usiness (Scopes 1 and 2), as well as a limited subset of other
indirect (Scope 3) emissions, such as those stemming from
usiness travel. We do not include all of our Scope 3 emissions
in our target because we chose to focus first on those
emissions over which we have the most control. However, as
detailed in the Eners Emissions || section in the SAP
ntegrated Report 2013 online, we are increasingly addressing
oth our upstream and downstream emissions to drive a
comprehensive carbon strategy for SAP.

n addition to our long-term goal for 2020, we have set annual
targets. In 2013, our total emissions increased to 545 kilotons
CO, (2012: 485 kilotons). As a result, we missed our annual
target to reduce our emissions to 460 kilotons. Just as with our
increase in energy consumption, our increased emissions
reflect the growth of our business. Due to our environmental
efforts of the past, however, the overall absolute reduction
achieved between the beginning of 2008 and today is 9%. At
the same time, the average number of employees increased

by almost 26%.

At the same time, we experienced some decrease in efficiency
in 2013 as it relates to our emissions. While our overall energy
efficiency remained steady, our greenhouse gas emissions
increased from 30.0 grams CO, per euro of total revenue in 2012
to 32.4 grams CO, per euro in 2013. Our carbon emissions

per employee also increased by about 5% in 2013, respectively.

79


--- Page 29 ---

One root cause for this development is our change in business
model. As our customers increasingly leverage SAP software in
the cloud, our leadership in this market means that systems
that previously ran at our customers' sites are increasingly
running in SAP data centers. In other words, the emissions that
used to be caused by our customers running our software
have become SAP's emissions. As a result, our emissions per
employee and per euro in revenue increased in 2013.

In 2014, we plan to address these emissions, as well as our
overall footprint, by powering all of our data centers and facili-
ties with 100% renewable electricity. This shift will effectively
eliminate the emissions caused by our customers’ systems
that have moved into our green cloud. Given the large size of
our customers’ footprints and our growth strategy in the cloud,
we see significant potential to reduce both our own and our
customers’ environmental impact. In 2013 alone, the emissions
caused by SAP products in use at our more than 253,500
customers’ sites were at least 10 times larger than SAP's own
footprint, meaning they caused more than 5,800 ktons of CO,.
By using 100% renewable energy, we will dramatically broaden
the reach of our sustainability efforts and align them with our
cloud strategy. We believe this move will not only help the world
run better, but contribute to achieving our 2020 carbon target.

EFFICIENCY VERSUS TRANSFORMATION

Our results in 2013 point to an increasing challenge faced not
only by SAP but also by our customers. Companies typically
increase their resource consumption when they grow. Under
traditional business models, they continuously create and sell
more goods or services. For this reason, many companies have
focused on increasing their efficiency — a prime example is
the far better fuel efficiency of passenger cars today compared
to decades ago.

80

Efficiency, however, has its limits. The demands of growth, as
we are discovering, often overtake efficiency gains. Extending
the example of cars — we have many more cars on the road
today, which more than cancels out the reduction in consumption
per car. For this reason, and in addition to our green cloud
strategy, we are increasingly focused on another path

to sustainable growth — applying technology innovation to
transformations in how business is conducted.

In the case of SAP, we are seeking to bring about transformations
in a range of areas, from incentivizing behavioral change

to supporting innovative approaches to conserving resources.
TwoGo by SAP, for instance, is a ride-sharing application

that turns the daily commute into an economic, social, and
environmental opportunity. We began offering TwoGo by

SAP to other companies in 2013, supporting their own efforts
to reduce the cost of fuel, parking and business trips, enhance
employee networks, change behavior, and reduce emissions.
For more information on this innovation, see ww D

NET POSITIVE IMPACT

As the example of TwoGo by SAP shows, we ultimately aim to
help other organizations with their journey toward change.
While we are committed to improving our own environmental
performance, we believe that we can make a far greater impact
by helping our customers reduce their energy use and emissions.
We are increasingly focused on facilitating and measuring this
“enabler effect,” which our software supports in both direct and
indirect ways. A prime example of the former is a transportation
application that enables companies to better manage their
freight and routes to reduce fuel consumption. Indirectly, our
customers can use our analytics to assess their operations
and make adjustments that will save energy, reduce emissions,
and lower costs. For example, our software can help determine
when equipment needs refurbishment or support manufacturers
in negotiating better energy rates during peak times. Through
the advanced computing power of SAP HANA, we can now help
companies make these adjustments in real time, increasing
their efficiency even further.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 30 ---

Based on a study from Global e-Sustainability Initiative

(GeSI SMARTer2020) assessing the potential effect for the
information and communications technology (ICT) industry
overall as well as our own estimates, we believe that our
solutions contribute to an avoidance of emissions that eclipses
the footprint of our entire value chain, including our down-
stream emissions (use of our software at customers’ sites).
Putting such estimates in tangible terms, the total emissions
generated by ICT are expected to reach 1.3 gigatons (Gt) of
carbon by 2020. By contrast, ICT has the potential to abate

9.1 Gt CO, in that same time period. Similarly, we estimate that
SAP's downstream emissions will reach 0.0091 Gt CO, by
2020. Global emissions, on the other hand, are expected to
reach 55 Gt CO, by that time — offering enormous potential for
ICT as a whole and for SAP to enable reductions.

We will continue developing methodology to estimate this
impact so that we can direct our strategy and resources
to those areas where we can create the greatest long-term
impact.

Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas Emissions

81


--- Page 31 ---

Internal Management System

We use various performance measures to help manage our
performance with regard to our primary financial goals, which
are revenue and margin, and our primary non-financial
goals, which are customer loyalty and employee engagement.
We view revenue and margin as indicators for our current
performance, while customer loyalty and employee engagement
are indicators for our future performance.

MEASURES WE USE TO MANAGE OUR FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE

Measures We Use to Manage Our Operating Financial
Performance

In 2013, we used the following key measures to manage our
operating financial performance:

Non-IFRS software and cloud subscriptions: Our key revenue
drivers, software and cloud subscriptions, include software
plus cloud subscription and support revenue. The principal
source of our software revenue is the fees customers pay for
on-premise software licenses resulting in software being
installed on the customer's hardware. We generate cloud
subscription and support revenue when we provide software
and the respective support for delivery in the cloud. We
evaluate software and cloud subscriptions both at actual
currency and at constant currency.

Non-IFRS software and software-related service (SSRS)
revenue: We use non-IFRS SSRS revenue and constant
currency non-IFRS SSRS revenue to measure our revenue
growth. Our SSRS revenue includes software and related
support revenue plus cloud subscription and support revenue.
Software revenue and cloud subscription and support revenue
are our key revenue drivers because they tend to affect our
other revenue streams. Generally, customers who buy software
licenses also enter into maintenance contracts, and these
generate recurring software-related service revenue in the
form of support revenue after the software sale. Maintenance
contracts cover support services and software updates and
enhancements. Software revenue as well as cloud subscription
and support revenue also tend to stimulate service revenue
from consulting and training sales.

82

Bookings/billings revenue: For our cloud activities we look at
the recognized revenue as well as the contract value generated
in a given period (bookings/billings). We measure bookings/
billings as the amounts that we are contractually entitled to
invoice the customers over the shorter of the contract term
and the first 12 months following the contract execution date,
anniversary of contract execution date, or contract renewal
date (12 months’ bookings/billings). We evaluate bookings/
billings both at actual currency and at constant currency. In
contrast to the cloud subscription and support revenue
recognized over the period of providing the cloud service rather
than in the period of contract closure, the bookings/billings
numbers give insight into the future revenue potential. When
evaluating 12 months’ bookings/billings numbers, we consider
both the total bookings/billings and the subset of bookings/
billings that results from new customers or additional sales to
existing customers in the reporting period rather than from
subsequent years or renewals of existing contracts. There is no
comparable IFRS measure for this figure.

Non-IFRS operating profit/non-IFRS operating margin: In
2013, we used non-IFRS operating profit/non-IFRS operating
margin and constant currency non-IFRS operating profit/
non-IFRS operating margin to measure our overall operational
process efficiency and overall business performance. Non-IFRS
operating margin is the ratio of our non-IFRS operating profit
to total non-IFRS revenue, expressed as a percentage. See
below for more information on the IFRS and non-IFRS measures
we use.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 32 ---

Measures We Use to Manage Our Non-Operating
Financial Performance

We use the following measures to manage our non-operating
financial performance:

Financial income, net: This measure provides insight especially
into the return on liquid assets and capital investments and the
cost of borrowed funds. To manage our financial income, net,
we focus on cash flow, the composition of our liquid asset and
capital investment portfolio, and the average rate of interest at
which assets are invested. We also monitor average outstanding
borrowings and the associated finance costs.

Days’ Sales Outstanding (DSO) and Days’ Payables Out-
standing (DPO): We manage working capital by controlling the
days’ sales outstanding for operating receivables, or DSO
(defined as average number of days from the raised invoice to
cash receipt from the customer), and the days’ payables
outstanding for operating liabilities, or DPO (defined as average
number of days from the received invoice to cash payment

to the vendor).

Measures We Use to Manage Overall Financial
Performance

We use the following measures to manage our overall financial
performance:

Earnings per share (EPS): EPS measures our overall
performance because it captures all operating and non-operating
elements of profit as well as income tax expense. It repre-
sents the portion of profit after tax allocable to each SAP share
outstanding (using the weighted average number of shares
outstanding over the reporting period). EPS is influenced not
only by our operating and non-operating business, and income
taxes but also by the number of shares outstanding. We are
authorized by our shareholders to repurchase shares and
believe that such repurchases, additional to dividend distributions,
are a good means to return value to our shareholders.

Effective tax rate: We define our effective tax rate as the

ratio of income tax expense to profit before tax, expressed as a
percentage.

Internal Management System

Operating, investing, and financing cash flows: Our
consolidated statement of cash flows provides insight as to
how we generated and used cash and cash equivalents.

When used in conjunction with the other primary financial
statements, it provides information that helps us evaluate the
changes of our net assets, our financial structure (including
our liquidity and solvency), and our ability to affect the
amounts and timing of cash flows in order to adapt to changing
circumstances and opportunities.

MEASURES WE USE TO MANAGE OUR NON-FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE

In 2013, we used the following key measures to manage

our non-financial performance in the areas of employee
engagement and customer loyalty:

Employee Engagement Index: We use the employee engagement
index to measure motivation and loyalty of our employees, how
proud they are of our company, and how strongly they identify
with SAP. The index is derived from surveys conducted among
our employees. With this measure, we recognize that we

can achieve our growth strategy with engaged employees only.

83


--- Page 33 ---

Net Promoter Score (NPS): This score measures the willing-
ness of our customers to recommend or promote SAP to
others. It is derived from our customer survey. Conducte:
year, this survey identifies whether a customer is loyal and
likely to recommend SAP to friends or colleagues, is neutral, or
is unhappy. We introduced this measure in 2012, as we are
convinced that we can achieve our financial goals only when
our customers are loyal to, and satisfied with, SAP and our
solutions. To derive the NPS, we start with the percentage of
“promoters” of SAP — those who give us a score of 9 or 10 ona
scale of 0 to 10. We then subtract the percentage of “detractors”
— those who give us a score of 0 to 6. The methodology calls for
ignoring “passives,” who give us a score of 7 or 8.

each

VALUE-BASED MANAGEMENT

Our holistic view of the performance measures described
above, together with our associated analyses, comprises the
information we use for value-based management. We use
planning and control processes to manage the compilation of
these key measures and their availability to our decision
makers across various management levels.

SAP's long-term strategic plans are the point of reference

for our other planning and controlling processes, including a
multiyear plan through 2017. We identify future growth and
profitability drivers at a highly aggregated level. This process is
intended to identify the best areas in which to target sustained
investment. Next, we evaluate our multiyear plans for our
support and development functions and break down the
customer-facing plans by sales region. Based on our detailed

84

annual plans, we determine the budget for the respective year.
We also have processes in place to forecast revenue and profit
ona quarterly basis, to quantify whether we expect to realize
our strategic goals, and to identify any deviations from plan.
We continuously monitor the concerned units in the Group to
analyze these developments and define any appropriate actions.

Our entire network of planning, control, and reporting pro-
cesses is implemented in integrated planning and information
systems, based on SAP software, across all organizational units
so that we can conduct the evaluations and analyses needed to
make informed decisions.

NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES CITED IN THIS REPORT
As in previous years, we provided our 2013 financial outlook on
the basis of certain non-IFRS measures. Therefore, this report
contains a non-IFRS based comparison of our actual performance
in 2013 against our outlook in the Report on Ec
section.

omic Position

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures
for 2013 and 2012

The following table reconciles our IFRS financial measures

to the respective and most comparable non-IFRS financial
measures of this report for each of 2013 and 2012. Due to
rounding, the sum of the numbers presented in this table might
not precisely equal the totals we provide.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 34 ---

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for the Years Ended December 31

€ millions, unless otherwise stated

2013 2012
IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Currency Non-IFRS IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS
Impact Constant
Currency
Revenue measures
Software 4,516 2 4,518 224 4,743 4,658 10) 4,658
Cloud subscriptions and support 696 61 757 29 786 270 73 343
Software and cloud subscriptions 5,212 63 5,275 253 5,529 4,928 73 5,001
Support 8,738 19 8,756 371 9,128 8,237 9 8,246
Software and software-related 13,950 82 14,032 625 14,657 13,165 81 13,246
service revenue
Consulting 2,242 ie) 2,242 87 2,329 2,442 ie} 2,442
Other services 623 ie) 623 24 647 616 ie} 616
Professional services and other 2,865 iv) 2,865 111 2,976 3,058 fo 3,058
service revenue
Total revenue 16,815 82 16,897 736 17,633 16,223 81 16,304
Operating expense measures
Cost of software and software-related services -2,597 364 -2,233 -2,555 414 -2,141
Cost of professional services and other services -2,402 123 -2,278 -2,520 128 -2,392
Total cost of revenue -4,999 487 4,512 -5,075 542 -4,533
Gross profit 11,816 570 12,385 11,147 624 11,771
Research and development -2,282 120 -2,162 -2,261 129 -2,132
Sales and marketing -4,131 205 -3,926 -3,912 223 -3,689
General and administration -866 70 -796 -949 164 -784
Restructuring -70 70 0 -8 8 0
TomorrowNow litigation 0 ie} 0 10) ie} 0
Other operating income/expense, net 12 ie} 12 23 ie} 23
Total operating expenses -12,336 953 -11,383 -348 -11,731 -12,181 1,067 -11,114
Operating profit measures
Operating profit 4,041 1,148 5,190
Operating margin (in %) 24.9 318
Internal Management System 85


--- Page 35 ---

Explanation of Non-IFRS Measures
We disclose certain financial measures, such as non-IFRS
revenue, non-IFRS operating expenses, non-IFRS operating
profit, non-IFRS operating margin, non-IFRS earnings per
share, constant currency revenue, and operating profit
measures that are not prepared in accordance with IFRS and
are therefore considered non-IFRS financial measures. Our
non-lFRS financial measures may not correspond to non-IFRS
financial measures that other companies report. The non-IFRS
financial measures that we report should only be considered

in addition to, and not as substitutes for or superior to, revenue,
operating expenses, operating profit, operating margin,
earnings per share, or other measures of financial performance
prepared in accordance with IFRS.

We believe that the disclosed supplemental historical and
prospective non-IFRS financial information provides useful
information to investors because management uses this infor-
mation, in addition to financial data prepared in accordance
with IFRS, to attain a more transparent understanding of our
past performance and our anticipated future results. In 2013,
we used these non-IFRS measures consistently in our internal
planning and forecasting, reporting and compensation, as
well as in our external communications as follows:
— Our management primarily uses these non-IFRS measures
rather than IFRS measures as the basis for making financial,
strategic and operating decisions.
— The variable remuneration components of our Executive
Board members and employees are based on non-IFRS
revenue and non-IFRS operating profit measures rather than
the respective IFRS measures.
— The annual budgeting process for all management units is
based on non-IFRS revenue and non-IFRS operating profit
numbers rather than the respective IFRS financial measures.
— All forecast and performance reviews with all senior managers
globally are based on these non-IFRS measures, rather than
the respective IFRS financial measures.
— Both our internal performance targets and the guidance
we provided to the capital markets are based on non-IFRS
revenues and non-IFRS profit measures rather than the
respective IFRS financial measures.

86

Our non-IFRS financial measures reflect adjustments based on
the items below, as well as adjustments for the related income
tax effects.

Non-IFRS Revenue

Revenue items identified as non-IFRS revenue have been
adjusted from the respective IFRS financial measures

by including the full amount of support revenue, cloud
subscriptions revenue, and other similarly recurring revenues
that we are not permitted to record as revenue under IFRS
due to fair value accounting for the contracts in effect at the
time of the respective acquisitions.

Under IFRS, we record at fair value the contracts in effect at
the time entities were acquired. Consequently, our IFRS
support revenue, our IFRS cloud subscriptions and support
revenue, our IFRS software and cloud subscription revenue, our
IFRS software and software-related service revenue, and our
IFRS total revenue for periods subsequent to acquisitions

do not reflect the full amount of revenue that would have
been recorded by entities acquired by SAP had they remained
stand-alone entities. Adjusting revenue numbers for this
revenue impact provides additional insight into the
comparability across periods of our ongoing performance.

We also report our non-IFRS deferred cloud subscription and
support revenue to provide additional insight into amounts
that are contracted for and invoiced and that are expected to
be recognized in cloud subscription and support revenue in the
future. To align the reporting of this non-IFRS deferred revenue
number, we adjust this number, like our non-IFRS revenue
numbers, for the effect of fair value accounting for the
contracts in effect at the time of the respective acquisitions.

Non-IFRS Operating Expense
Operating expense figures that are identified as non-IFRS
operating expenses have been adjusted by excluding the
following expenses:
— Acquisition-related charges
* Amortization expense/impairment charges of intangibles
acquired in business combinations and certain stand-alone
acquisitions of intellectual property (including purchased
in-process research and development)
- Settlements of pre-existing business relationships in
connection with a business combination

Combined Management Report


--- Page 36 ---

+ Acquisition-related third-party expenses

— Discontinued activities: Results of discontinued operations
that qualify as such under IFRS in all respects except
that they do not represent a major line of business

— Expenses from our share-based payments

— Restructuring expenses

Non-IFRS Operating Profit, Non-IFRS Operating Margin,
and Non-IFRS Earnings per Share

Operating profit, operating margin, and earnings per share
identified as non-IFRS operating profit, non-IFRS operating
margin, and non-IFRS earnings per share have been adjusted
from the respective IFRS measures by adjusting for the
above-mentioned non-IFRS revenue and non-IFRS operating
expenses.

We exclude certain acquisition-related expenses for the purpose
of calculating non-IFRS operating profit, non-IFRS operating
margin, and non-IFRS earnings per share when evaluating SAP’s
continuing operational performance because these expenses
generally cannot be changed or influenced by management
after the relevant acquisition other than by disposing of the
acquired assets. Since management at levels below the
Executive Board does not influence these expenses, we generally
do not consider these expenses for the purpose of evaluating
the performance of management units. Additionally, these
non-IFRS measures have been adjusted from the respective
IFRS measures for the results of the discontinued activities,
share-based payment expenses, and restructuring expenses.

Usefulness of Non-IFRS Measures

We believe that our non-IFRS measures are useful to investors

for the following reasons:

— The non-IFRS measures provide investors with insight into
management's decision making because management
uses these non-IFRS measures to run our business and make
financial, strategic, and operating decisions.

— The non-IFRS measures provide investors with additional
information that enables a comparison of year-over-year
operating performance by eliminating certain direct effects
of acquisitions and discontinued activities.

— Non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures are widely used in the
software industry. In many cases, inclusion of our non-IFRS
measures may facilitate comparison with our competitors’
corresponding non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures.

Internal Management System

Additionally, we believe that our adjustments to our IFRS finan-
cial measures for the results of our discontinued TomorrowNow
activities are useful to investors for the following reason:

— TomorrowNow activities were discontinued and we will thus
continue to exclude potential future TomorrowNow results,
which are expected to mainly comprise expenses in connection
with the TomorrowNow litigation, from our internal management
reporting, planning, forecasting, and compensation plans.
Therefore, adjusting our non-IFRS measures for the results of
the discontinued TomorrowNow activities provides insight
nto the financial measures that SAP uses internally.

We include the revenue adjustments outlined above and
exclude the expense adjustments outlined above when making
decisions to allocate resources, both on a company level and
at lower levels of the organization. In addition, we use these
non-IFRS measures to gain a better understanding of SAP’s
operating performance from period to period.

We believe that our non-IFRS financial measures described
above have limitations, including but not limited to, the following:
— The eliminated amounts could be material to us.

— Without being analyzed in conjunction with the corresponding

IFRS measures, the non-IFRS measures are not indicative

of our present and future performance, foremost for the

following reasons:

- While our non-IFRS profit numbers reflect the elimination of
certain acquisition-related expenses, no eliminations are
made for the additional revenue and other revenue that result
from the acquisitions.

* While we adjust for the fair value accounting of the acquired
entities’ recurring revenue contracts, we do not adjust for
the fair value accounting of deferred compensation items
that result from commissions paid to the acquired company's
salesforce and third parties for closing the respective
customer contracts.

- The acquisition-related charges that we eliminate in deriving
our non-IFRS profit numbers are likely to recur should
SAP enter into material business combinations in the future.

87


--- Page 37 ---

* The acquisition-related amortization expense that we elimi-

nate in deriving our non-IFRS profit numbers is a recurring
expense that will impact our financial performance in future
years.

- The revenue adjustment for the fair value accounting of the

acquired entities’ contracts and the expense adjustment
for acquisition-related charges do not arise from a common
conceptual basis. This is because the revenue adjustment
aims to improve the comparability of the initial post-acquisition
period with future post-acquisition periods, while the
expense adjustment aims to improve the comparability

between post-acquisition periods and pre-acquisition periods.

This should particularly be considered when evaluating our
non-IFRS operating profit and non-IFRS operating margin
numbers as these combine our non-IFRS revenue

and non-IFRS expenses despite the absence of acommon
conceptual basis.

- Our discontinued activities and restructuring charges could

result in significant cash outflows. The same applies to our
share-based payment expense because most of our
share-based payments are to be settled in cash rather than
shares.

* The valuation of our cash-settled, share-based payments

could vary significantly from period to period due to the
fluctuation of our share price and other parameters used in
the valuation of these plans.

- In the past we have issued share-based payment awards to

88

our employees every year and we intend to continue doing
so in the future. Thus, our share-based payment expenses
are recurring although the amounts usually change from
period to period.

Despite these limitations, we believe that the presentation of
the non-IFRS measures and the corresponding IFRS measures,
together with the relevant reconciliations, provides useful
information to management and investors regarding present
and future business trends relating to our financial condition
and results of operations. We do not evaluate our growth and
performance without considering both non-IFRS measures and
the comparable IFRS measures. We caution the readers of

our financial reports to follow a similar approach by considering
our non-IFRS measures only in addition to, and not as a
substitute for or superior to, revenue or other measures of our
financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Constant Currency Information

We believe it is important for investors to have information
that provides insight into our sales. Revenue measures deter-
mined under IFRS provide information that is useful in this
regard. However, both sales volume and currency effects
impact period-over-period changes in sales revenue. We do not
sell standardized units of products and services, so we cannot
provide relevant information on sales volume by providing
data on the changes in product and service units sold. To
provide additional information that may be useful to investors
in breaking down and evaluating changes in sales volume, we
present information about our revenue and various values and
components relating to operating profit that are adjusted

for foreign currency effects. We calculate constant currency
revenue and operating profit measures by translating foreign
currencies using the average exchange rates from the previous
year instead of the current year.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 38 ---

We believe that constant currency measures have limitations,
particularly as the currency effects that are eliminated constitute
a significant element of our revenue and expenses and could
materially impact our performance. We therefore limit our use
of constant currency measures to the analysis of changes in
volume as one element of the full change in a financial measure.
We do not evaluate our results and performance without
considering both constant currency measures in non-IFRS
revenue and non-IFRS operating profit measures on the one
hand, and changes in revenue, operating expenses, operating
profit, or other measures of financial performance prepared in
accordance with IFRS on the other. We caution the readers

of our financial reports to follow a similar approach by considering
constant currency measures only in addition to, and not as

a substitute for or superior to, changes in revenue, operating
expenses, operating profit, or other measures of financial
performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Free Cash Flow
We use our free cash flow measure to estimate the cash flow
remaining after all expenditures required to maintain or expand
our organic business have been paid off. This measure provides
management with supplemental information to assess our
liquidity needs. We calculate free cash flow as net cash from

operating activities minus purchases (other than purchases

made in connection wi
assets and property, p

Free Cash Flow
€ millions

ith business combinations) of intangible
lant, and equipment.

2013 2012 Change
(in%)

Net cash flows from operating 3,832 3,822 oO

activities

Purchase of intangible assets -566 541 5

and property, plant, and equi
(without acquisitions)

Free cash flow

Internal Management Sys'

pment

tem

89


--- Page 39 ---

Economy and the Market

GLOBAL ECONOMIC TRENDS

In its most recent monthly report, the European Central Bank
(ECB) concludes that the global economy has remained fairly
weak in 2013, especially in the first half of the year. That is
consistent with the view of the International Monetary Fund
(IMF), stating that in 2013 gross domestic product (GDP)
across the world grew 3% year over year.

The experts also note regional divergence: According to the
ECB, growth shifted to the industrialized economies and
became established there. In contrast, growth in most of the
major emerging economies slowed. Weaker domestic demand,
limited scope for government stimulus programs, and tougher
financing conditions are the reasons cited by the ECB.
Additionally, commodity-exporting countries suffered from the
sluggish demand on the international commodity markets.

The economy of the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)
region was weak in 2013. Annual GDP in the euro area declined
0.4% year over year, according to the numbers published by
the ECB. The ECB reports that weak domestic and export
demand slowed down economic activity in the larger Central
and Eastern European countries and Russia, although it
erceived a more encouraging trend toward the end of the year.
ncomparison, the Middle East and Africa merely experienced
aslight deceleration of growth. However, political instability
severely hindered economic growth in some countries in the
region, notably Iraq and Libya.

nthe global context, the economy of the Americas region
roved relatively robust, the ECB notes. Despite tax increases
and government spending cuts that came into force in March,
year-over-year annual growth in the United States was just
short of 2% compared to 2012. Growth was faster in the second
alf of the year than in the first as conditions on the residential
real estate and labor markets improved, consumer spending
rose, and exports increased. The ECB reports continuing recovery
in Latin America, at only a slightly reduced pace.

» Unless otherwise indicated, all economic information in this section is based on information from the European
Central Bank (ECB).

90

The contrary development of the industrialized and emerging
economies was particularly noticeable in the Asia Pacific Japan
(APJ) region, according to the ECB. Japan, with its expansive
financial and monetary policy, turned to positive GDP growth
rates and achieved growth of 2%. Only in the third quarter was
there a slight dip, caused by weaker exports. Most emerging
economies in Asia performed clearly more subdued than in
recent years, the ECB reports. In China, for instance, only

the third quarter saw a slight acceleration in growth (to 7.8%
year over year) after a modest stimulus package.

THE IT MARKET
Worldwide IT investment growth was higher than overall global
economic growth throughout 2013, U.S. market research firm
International Data Corporation (IDC) reports. However, that
growth slowed during the course of the year. For this reason
IDC corrected its projections downward more than once. The
main reason for this was slower growth in the emerging
economies such as in China and Russia. For that reason the
emerging economies did not grow as quickly as IDC had
expected at the beginning of the year.

In 2013, the global IT market expanded by a percentage in the
middle of the single-digit range, which was slightly less than

in the prior year. Leading the way was the mobile devices seg-
ment, with growth well into the double-digit range. In fact, IDC
revised its forecast for the mobile device segment upward
several times in the course of the year. The software segment
also outperformed the overall IT market, IDC reports. The PC
segment was sluggish the entire year, especially in the emerging
economies, where economic growth flagged. Global spending
on servers and data storage devices contracted. In contrast,
IDC reports that the global market for IT services expanded by
a percentage in the low single digits.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 40 ---

In the EMEA region, the Western European market for IT
recorded low but stable growth and has now, in IDC's view,
survived the crisis. In Russia the economic development was
completely different, according to the IDC. Over the year, it
revised its forecast for growth in the Russian IT market
downward by several percentage points in light of the weak
Russian economy.

In the Americas region, the IT market followed the relatively
robust expansion of the global economy. Although the
economic policy situation was at times volatile in the United
States, the U.S. IT market largely met expectations. IT
investment grew by a percentage in the middle single-digit
range year over year. The IT market also proved resilient in
Latin America, including Brazil, and even recorded double-digit
growth.

In the APJ region, the IT market reflected trends in the overall
economy. Notably, the IT market in Japan performed better
than IDC had originally expected. At the beginning of the year,
IDC forecasted a contraction, but in fact over the full year IT
investment increased slightly. On the other hand, IT spending
in China grew more slowly than IDC had originally expected.
Full-year growth was well below the double-digit percentages of
recent years.

IMPACT ON SAP
SAP business was only slightly affected by the relatively weak
growth in 2013 - especially in the first half of the year — in
the overall global economy and in the IT industry: Despite a
slower than expected start to the year, in 2013 our growth
surpassed that of the global economy and of the IT industry.

We owe this success first and foremost to our greater focus on
innovation strategy and with it our investment in three new
fields of business: mobile solutions, in-memory computing with
SAP HANA, and cloud solutions. The heightened pace of
innovation at SAP and the rapid and successful integration of
the companies we acquired, have been the decisive factors

in our achieving double-digit constant currency growth

in non-IFRS software and software-related services revenue.

Economy and the Market

SAP was highly successful in the EMEA region. With double-
digit growth in revenue from software and cloud subscriptions,
we again increased our market share. Alongside double-digit
ercentage growth in our home market, Germany, we
erformed remarkably well in France, Russia, the Middle East,
and Africa, achieving high double-digit software revenue growth.

Likewise, our Americas region outperformed the overall
economy and the IT market. The double-digit increase in
revenue from software and cloud subscriptions in 2013 were
mainly driven by a substantial — triple-digit — rise in cloud
subscription revenue in North America and very strong core
usiness in Latin America.

nthe APJ region, the economic environment was very weak

at the beginning of the year, and SAP's revenue suffered during
this time as a result. However, the regional economy turned
around toward the end of the year, reflected in double-digit
growth for our software and cloud subscription revenue in the
fourth quarter — a commendable result in the competitive
context. This helped return SAP to modest single-digit revenue
growth for the full year in the APJ region.

The emerging economies, with high double-digit growth, are
important growth markets for SAP. Key among them are China
as well as the Middle East, Russia, and Brazil, where we
achieved strong double-digit software and cloud subscription
revenue growth rates.

Overall, in 2013 we demonstrated an aptitude for global growth
that few other companies in the IT industry can match.

91


--- Page 41 ---

Report on Economic Position

PERFORMANCE AGAINST OUTLOOK FOR 2013

(NON-IFRS)
Our 2013 operating profit-rel

ated internal management goals

and published outlook were based on our non-IFRS financial

measures. For this reason, in
performance against our out!
non-lFRS financial measures.
Results (IFRS) section, howe

this section we discuss

ook referring solely to these

. All discussion in the Operating
ver, is in terms of measures in

accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards

as issued by the Internationa
(IASB), and the numbers in t
identified as IFRS measures.

Accounting Standards Board
at section are not explicitly

Guidance for 2013 (Non-IFRS)

At the beginning of 2013, we
software and software-relate’

ave given the guidance that our
d service revenue (non-IFRS) for

2013 would increase by between 11% and 13% at constant
currencies (2012: €13,246 million). For cloud subscription and

support revenue (non-IFRS)
€750 million (2012: €342 mi
SAP HANA, we estimated a s
to €750 million. We expecte:

we forecasted an increase to
lion) at constant currencies. For
oftware revenue of €650 million
our full-year operating profit

Actual Performance in 2013 Compared to Guidance

(Non-IFRS)

We achieved or exceeded the amended outlook guidance for
revenue and operating profit we published in July.

Comparison of Forecast and Results for 2013

(non-IFRS) for 2013 to be between €5.85 billion and €5.95 billion
(2012: €5.21 billion) at constant currencies. We anticipated an
effective tax rate (IFRS) of between 25.5% and 26.5% (2012:
26.2%) and an effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of between 27.0%
and 28.0% (2012: 27.5%).

In April, we confirmed the guidance for 2013 that we had
published in January 2013. In July 2013, we amended our
forecast for revenue growth:

Although the difficult macroeconomic environment, in particular
in the Asia Pacific Japan region, and the rapid transition to the
cloud have resulted in lower software revenue expectations, we
remained committed to double-digit growth with at least

10% growth in non-IFRS software and software-related service
revenue at constant currencies in full year 2013 (2012:
€13,246 million). We confirmed our predictions for cloud
subscription and support revenue and for operating profit,
while we adjusted the anticipated effective tax rate to between
24.0% and 25.0% (IFRS) and to between 25.5% and 26.5%
(non-IFRS).

92

Forecast for 2013 Results for 2013

Software and software-related at least +10% +11%

service revenue (non-IFRS, at

constant currencies)?

Cloud subscription and support around €786 million

revenue (non-IFRS, at constant €750 million

currencies)

Operating profit (non-IFRS, €5.85 billion to €5.90 billion

at constant currencies) €5.95 billion

Effective tax rate (IFRS) 24.0% to 25.0% 24.4%

Effective tax rate (non-IFRS)® 25.5% to 26.5% 25.9%

SAP HANA software revenue €650 million to €633 million

(non-IFRS) €700 million (at actual

currencies)

€664 million

(at constant
currencies)

Revised forecast (July 2013)

Combined Management Report


--- Page 42 ---

Despite ongoing economic uncertainty throughout 2013,
our new and existing customers continued to show a strong
willingness to invest in our solutions.

At constant currencies, cloud subscription and support revenue
(non-IFRS) grew from €343 million in 2012 to €786 million in
2013, an increase of 129% before elimination of effects relating
to the fact that Ariba and SuccessFactors numbers are
included only for part of 2012 because they were acquired in
the course of that year. Of the 129% growth, those effects
account for 97 percentage points. Our software and software-
related services revenue grew 11% at constant currencies

to €14,657 million (2012: €13,246 million).

The Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region recorded
strong single-digit growth in software and cloud subscription
revenue at constant currencies. The Americas region, while
rapidly shifting to the cloud, achieved very strong growth of 15%
in software and cloud subscriptions at constant currencies.
After ending the year with a strong fourth quarter, in 2013 the
Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region achieved a 3% constant-
currency increase in full-year revenue from software and cloud
subscriptions. As a result, in 2013 SAP's full-year software

and cloud subscription revenue increased 6% (11% at constant
currencies) to €5,275 million. The acquisitions of Success-
Factors, Ariba, and hybris contributed 2.8 percentage points to
the growth in software and software-related service revenue

at constant currencies.

At the beginning of 2013, we forecasted low single-digit
percentage growth in professional services and other service
revenue and significant increase in total revenue for the year.
Although in the event our professional services and other
service revenue (non-IFRS) actually decreased by 3% at
constant currencies, the strong growth we achieved in software
and software-related service revenue (non-IFRS) helped us
attain the overall guidance: Total revenue (non-IFRS) increased
8% at constant currencies to €17,633 million (2012: €16,304
million). Our 2013 outlook guidance for SAP HANA software
revenue was €650 million to €700 million (2012: €392 million).
Because of adverse currency effects, the revenue we achieved
was €633 million (€664 million at constant currencies).

Report on Economic Position

In 2013, we achieved operating profit (non-IFRS) of €5,902 million
at constant currencies. Thus, operating profit (non-IFRS) at
constant currencies was in the middle of the range that SAP
had projected (€5.85 billion to €5.95 billion). Despite again
investing significantly in innovation, we were able to increase
our operating profit by successfully scaling our cloud business
and maintaining operational discipline.

We achieved an effective tax rate (IFRS) of 24.4% and an
effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of 25.9%, which is within the
updated range of 24.0% to 25.0% (IFRS) and 25.5% to 26.5%
(non-IFRS) we announced in July 2013.

OPERATING RESULTS (IFRS)
This section on operating results (!FRS) discusses results

only in terms of IFRS measures, so the IFRS numbers are not
expressly identified as such.

We acquired hybris in August 2013, so hybris results are
incorporated in our results only for the months August to
December. We acquired SuccessFactors in February 2012, so
SuccessFactors results are incorporated in our 2012 results
only for the months February to December. Similarly, because
we acquired Ariba in October 2012, Ariba results are
incorporated in our 2012 results only for the months October
to December.

93


--- Page 43 ---

Revenue

Total Revenue

Total revenue increased from €16,223 million in 2012 to
€16,815 million in 2013, representing an increase of €592 million,
or 4%. This growth reflects an 8% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 5% decrease from currency effects.
The growing revenue result primarily from a €426 million
increase in cloud subscription and support revenue and a
€501 million rise in support revenue. Consulting revenue

declined by €200 million and software revenue by €142 million.

Software and software-related service revenue climbed

to €13,950 million in 2013, an increase of 6%. Software and
software-related service revenue represented 83% of total
revenue in 2013 (2012: 81%). In 2013, consulting and other

service revenue contributed €2,865 million to our total revenue,

representing a drop of 6% compared to 2012.

Total Revenue by Region (based on customer location)

€ millions
10,672 12,464 14,233 16,223 16,815
2,637
2,151
1,766
1,409
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

™ EMEAregion m Americas region © Asia Pacific Japan region

94

For more information about the breakdown of total revenue by
region and industry, see the Revenue by Region and Industry
section below.

Software and Software-Related Service Revenue

Software revenue results from the fees earned from the sale

or license of software to customers. Revenue from cloud
subscriptions and support refers to the income earned from
contracts that permit the customer to access specific software
solutions hosted by SAP during the term of its contract with
SAP. Support revenue represents fees earned from providing
customers with technical support services and unspecified
software upgrades, updates, and enhancements.

Software Revenue by Region (based on customer location)
€ millions

2,725 3,410 4,107 4,658 4,516
884
722
554

457

1,851
1,377 1,555
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

BH EMEAregion = Americas region | Asia Pacific Japan region

In 2013, software and software-related service revenue grew
from €13,165 million in 2012 to €13,950 million, representing
an increase of 6%. This software and software-related service
revenue growth reflects an 11% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 5% decrease from currency effects.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 44 ---

Software and Software-Related Service Revenue by Region
(based on customer location)

Software and Cloud Subscription Revenue by Region
(based on customer location)

€ millions € millions
8,198 9,794 11,319 13,165 13,950 2,735 3,424 4,125 4,928 5,212
2,239 901 —
1,832 722
1,484 555
1,144 459
1,864
5,529 mk
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 EMEA region fi Americas region Asia Pacific Japan region

m EMEAregion ® Americasregion © Asia Pacific Japan region

Revenue from software and cloud subscriptions rose from
€4,928 million in 2012 to €5,212 million in 2013, representing
an increase of €284 million, or 6%. This growth consists of

an 11% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 5%
decrease from currency effects.

A combination of a challenging macroeconomic environment in
key markets and the accelerating industry shift to the cloud
resulted in a 2% increase from changes in volumes and prices.
There was also a 5% decrease from currency effects. Overall,
software revenue declined €142 million or 3% from €4,658 million
in 2012 to €4,516 million in 2013. In 2013, SAP HANA contributed
€633 million to total software revenue.

Report on Economic Position

Cloud subscription and support revenue increased from
€270 million in 2012 to €696 million in 2013. This increase is
largely due to the acquisition of Ariba on October 1, 2012,
and to continuing strong growth at SuccessFactors and Ariba
in 2013.

Our customer base continued to expand in 2013. Based on the
number of contracts concluded, 16% of the orders we received
for software in 2013 were from new customers (2012: 19%).
The total value of software orders received fell 7% year over year.
The total number of contracts signed for new software
decreased 6% to 55,909 (2012: 59,289 contracts), while the
average order value decreased by 1%.

Our stable customer base, continued investment in software by
new and existing customers throughout 2013 and the previous
year, and the continued success of our premium support
offerings resulted in an increase in support revenue from €8,237
million in 2012 to €8,738 million in 2013. The SAP Enterprise
Support services offering was the largest contributor to our

95


--- Page 45 ---

support revenue. The €501 million, or 6%, growth in support
revenue reflects an 11% increase from changes in volumes and
prices and a 5% decrease from currency effects. This growth
is primarily attributable to SAP Product Support for Large
Enterprises, SAP Enterprise Support, and our premium
offerings. Accordingly, the acceptance rate for SAP Enterprise
Support among new customers rose from 96% in 2012 to
98% in 2013.

Professional Services and Other Service Revenue
Professional services and other service revenue consists primarily
of consulting and other service revenue. We generate most of
our consulting revenue from the implementation of our software
products. Other service revenue consists mainly of revenue
from the messaging services acquired from Sybase and of
training revenue from educational services supplied to customers
and partners on the use of our software products and related
topics.

Professional services and other service revenue decreased from
€3,058 million in 2012 to €2,865 million in 2013, representing
a decline of €193 million, or 6%. This decline reflects a

3% decrease from changes in volumes and prices and a 4%
decrease from currency effects.

Customers’ cautious buying behavior toward large services
projects led to a decline in consulting revenue from

€2,442 million in 2012 to €2,242 million in 2013, representing
a decrease of €200 million, or 8%. This decline reflects

a 5% decrease from changes in volumes and prices and a 4%
decrease from currency effects. Consulting revenue
contributed 78% of the total consulting and other service
revenue (2012: 80%). Consulting revenue contributed 13%
of total revenue (2012: 15%).

Revenue from other services increased €7 million, or 1%, to
€623 million in 2013 (2012: €616 million). This reflects a 5%
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 4%
decrease from currency changes.

96

Revenue by Region and Industry

Revenue by Region

We break our operations down into three regions: the Europe,
Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the Americas region,
and the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. We allocate revenue
amounts to each region based on where the customer is located.
For more information about revenue by geographic region, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section

EMEA Region
In 2013, the EMEA region generated €7,885 million in revenue,
which was 47% of total revenue (2012: €7,486; 46%). This
represents a year-over-year increase of 5%. Total revenue in
Germany increased 5% to €2,505 million in 2013 (2012:
€2,380 million). Germany contributed 32% (2012: 32%) of all
EMEA region revenue. The remaining revenue in the EMEA
region was primarily generated in the United Kingdom, France,
Switzerland, the Netherlands, Russia, and Italy. Software and
software-related service revenue generated in the EMEA region
in 2013 totaled €6,549 million (2012: €6,106 million). Software
and software-related service revenue represented 83% of total
revenue in 2013 (2012: 82%). Software and cloud subscription
revenue rose by 6% to €2,233 million in 2013 (2012: €2,107
million). This growth reflects an 8% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from currency effects.

Americas Region

In 2013, 38% of our total revenue was generated in the
Americas region (2012: 38%). Total revenue in the Americas
region increased 4% to €6,366 million; revenue generated in
the United States increased 4% to €4,661 million. This growth
reflects an 8% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 4% decrease from currency effects. The United States
contributed 73 % (2012: 73%) of all revenue generated in the
Americas region. In the remaining countries of the Americas
region, revenue climbed 4% to reach €1,705 million. This growth

Combined Management Report


--- Page 46 ---

reflects a 13% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 9% decrease from currency effects. This revenue was
principally generated in Brazil, Canada, and Mexico. Software
and software-related service revenue generated in the Americas
region in 2013 totaled €5,196 million (2012: €4,820 million).
Total software and software-related service revenue represented
82% of all revenue in the Americas region in 2013 (2012:

79%). Software and cloud subscription revenue rose by 11% to
€2,130 million in 2013 (2012: €1,920 million). This growth
reflects a 17% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 6% decrease from currency effects.

APJ Region

In 2013, 15% (2012: 16%) of our total revenue was generated
in the APJ region, with the strongest revenue growth being
achieved in China. Total revenue in the APJ region decreased by
3% to €2,563 million. In Japan, revenue fell by 21% to €624
million, which represents 24% (2012: 30%) of the total revenue
generated in the APJ region. This drop in revenue is attribut-
able, in full, to currency effects. In the remaining countries of
the APJ region, revenue increased by 5%. Revenue in the
remaining countries of the APJ region was generated primarily
in Australia, China, and India. Software and software-related
service revenue generated in the APJ region in 2013 totaled
€2,204 million (2012: €2,239 million). That was 86% of total
revenue (2012: 85%). Software and cloud subscription revenue
fell by 6% to €849 million in 2013 (2012: €901 million). This
decrease reflects a 4% increase from changes in volumes and
prices and a 10% decrease from currency effects.

Revenue by Industry

With effect from January 2013, we rearranged our industry
sectors from nine groups into six so that we could focus better
on the requirements of existing and potential customers.

We merged one of our existing industry sectors, process
manufacturing — which covers the chemicals and mill products
industries — with the energy and natural resources industry
sector. We combined our former consumer products and the
retail and wholesale distribution industry sector into the
consumer sector. The healthcare and life sciences, (medical
and pharmaceutical) industries, which were previously grouped
together under the healthcare sector, now belong to the

Report on Economic Position

public services or consumer industry sectors, respectively. To
address the changing needs of our customers, a new
industry subgroup was established, sports and entertainment,
which is part of the professional services sector.

We allocate our customers to one of our industries at the
outset of an initial arrangement. All subsequent revenue from a
particular customer is recorded under that industry sector.

In 2013, we achieved above-average growth in the following
sectors, measured by changes in total revenue: Financial Services
(€1,633 million, at a growth rate of 13%), Services (€2,649 million,
at a growth rate of 7%), Public Services (€1,691 million,

at a growth rate of 5%), and Energy and Natural Resources
(€4,077 million, at a growth rate of 4%). The revenue from the
other industry sectors: Consumer €3,779 million, which was
a4% improvement on the prior year; Discrete Manufacturing
€2,988 million, which was a 4% decline mainly related to

APJ and the Americas.

Revenue by Industry

€ millions

Energy & Natural
Services Resources
2,649 4,077

Financial Services

1,633 &
Public Services Be

1,691

Discrete
Manufacturing

2,988

Consumer

97


--- Page 47 ---

Operating Profit and Operating Margin

In 2013, our operating profit totaled €4,479 million (2012:
€4,041 million), a significant year-over-year increase despite
adverse currency effects. We invested in innovations and
made substantial advances in our cloud business in 2013.

In 2013, operating expenses increased €155 million or 1% to
€12,336 million (2012: €12,181 million). The main contributors
to that increase were our greater acquisition-related and
restructuring expenses, continued investment in sales activities
and the cloud, and higher personnel and infrastructure
expenses related to acquisitions.

The effect of acquisition-related expenses, which were

€555 million (2012: €537 million), and restructuring expenses,
which were €70 million (2012: €8 million), on operating profit
was greater than in the prior year. The operating profit for
2013 was also affected by continued investments in global sales
activities and cloud computing. The number of SAP employees
(expressed in full-time equivalents — FTEs) rose year over
year by 2,150 persons, including more than 1,100 employees
from acquired businesses.

Those negative effects on operating profit were in part offset by
a reduced expense for share-based payment, which totaled
€327 million in 2013 (2012: €522 million) owing to a less steep
increase in the SAP stock price, and by a reduction in our
general and administration expense.

As an overall result of these effects on operating profit, our
operating margin widened 1.7 percentage points to 26.6% in
2013 (2012: 24.9%).

The sections that follow discuss our costs by line item.

98

Operating Profit

€ millions | change since previous year

2,588 2,591 4,884 4,041 4,479
4% +0% +89% -17% +11%
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
Operating Margin
Percent | change since previous year
24.3 20.8 34.3 24.9 26.6
+1.0 pp -3.5 pp +13.5 pp -9.4pp +1.7 pp
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

Cost of Software and Software-Related Services

Cost of software and software-related services consists
rimarily of customer support costs, cost of developing
custom solutions that address customers’ specific business
requirements, costs for deploying and operating cloud
solutions, amortization expenses relating to intangibles, and
icense fees and commissions paid to third parties for
databases and the other complementary third-party products
sublicensed by us to our customers.

n 2013, the cost of software and software-related services
increased a modest 2% to €2,597 million (2012: €2,555 million).
he main factors were a €95 million acquisition-related
increase in the cost of providing and operating our cloud solutions
and a €13 million increase in customer support costs.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 48 ---

They both represent investments that contributed to revenue
growth. At the same time, the license fees we pay to third
parties decreased by €63 million. The gross margin on our
software and software-related services, defined as software and
software-related services profit as a percentage of software
and software-related services revenue, remained constant year
over year in 2013 at 81% (2012: 81%).

Cost of Professional Services and Other Services

Cost of professional services and other services consists
primarily of the cost of consulting and training personnel

and the cost of bought-in third-party consulting and training
resources. This item also includes sales and marketing expenses
for our professional services and other services resulting from
sales and marketing efforts where those efforts cannot be
clearly distinguished from providing the professional services
and other services.

The growth of our cloud business and increased demand for
pre-bundled offerings led to a reduction in our professional and
other services revenue as well as in our professional and other
services expense. We reduced costs for professional and other
services 5% from €2,520 million in 2012 to €2,402 million

in 2013. Our gross margin on professional and other services,
defined as professional and other services profit as a percentage
of professional and other services revenue, narrowed to 16%
(2012: 18%).

Research and Development Expense

Our research and development (R&D) expense consists
primarily of the personnel cost of our R&D employees, costs
incurred for independent contractors we retain to assist in

our R&D activities, and depreciation of the computer hardware
and software we use for our R&D activities.

We acquired Ariba and SuccessFactors in the course of 2012,
so in 2012 our R&D expense did not include a full year's Ariba
and SuccessFactors R&D. Moreover, the depreciation expense
for R&D servers and computer systems was greater in 2013

Report on Economic Position

than in 2012. Nonetheless, our total R&D expense increased
only slightly, by 1% to €2,282 million (2012: €2,261 million).
Therefore, while we continue to increase our innovative capacity
our R&D expense as a percentage of total revenue was
slightly less year over year at 13.6% (2012: 13.9%). For more
information, see the d De pment section.

2arch a

Sales and Marketing Expense

Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel
costs and direct sales expense to support our sales and
marketing teams in selling and marketing our products and
services.

Our sales and marketing expense rose 6% from €3,912 million
in 2012 to €4,131 million in 2013. The increase was mainly the
result of greater personnel costs as we expanded our global
sales force, notably for cloud business, and of the reallocation
and re-tasking of employees to sales-related work. By increasing
our sales force we accelerated our revenue growth. The ratio of
sales and marketing expense to total revenue, expressed as a
percentage, increased slightly to 24.6% (2012: 24.1%) because
costs grew more rapidly than revenue.

General and Administration Expense

Our general and administration expense consists mainly of
personnel costs to support our finance and administration
functions.

General and administration expense decreased 9% from €949
million in 2012 to €866 million in 2013. This resulted mainly
from a reduced expense for share-based payment and efficient
cost management. Consequently, the ratio of general and
administration expense to total revenue decreased in 2013 to
5% (2012: 6%).

Results by Segment

We had two divisions in 2013, On-Premise and Cloud, each
further divided into operating segments. Our On-Premise
division comprises two operating segments: On-Premise Products
and On-Premise Services. Our Cloud division also comprises
two operating segments: Cloud Applications and Ariba.

99


--- Page 49 ---

The revenue and profit numbers for each of our operating
segments relate to our internal management reporting and
differ from the revenue and profit numbers presented in our
IFRS Consolidated Statements of Income. For more information
about our segment reporting and reconciliation from our
internal management reporting to our external IFRS reporting,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, N

On-Premise Division

The On-Premise division derives its revenue primarily from

the sale of on-premise software (that is, software designed for
installation on the customer's hardware) and mobile software
(that is, software designed for use on mobile devices) as well as
services relating to such software.

On-Premise Products Segment

The On-Premise Products segment is primarily engaged in
marketing and licensing our on-premise and mobile software
products and providing support services for them.

On-Premise Products segment revenue grew 3% from

€12,881 million in 2012 to €13,227 million in 2013. This increase
reflects a 7% increase from changes in volumes and prices

and a 4% decrease from currency effects. The increase resulted
rincipally from growth in support revenue, which more than
offset a slight decline in software solution licensing. Software
revenue attributable to our On-Premise Product segment
declined 3% to €4,517 million (2012: €4,656 million). The
decline reflects a 2% increase from changes in volumes and
rices and a 5% decrease from currency effects. Support
revenue grew 6% to €8,710 million (2012: €8,226 million). This
increase reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes

and prices and a 4% decrease from currency effects.

n 2013, cost of revenue increased 1% to €2,020 million (2012:
€1,994 million) and sales and marketing costs grew 1% to
€3,447 million (2012: €3,414 million). The moderate increase
in expenses in the On-Premise Products segment was the
result of greater investment in providing and operating our
Cloud solutions in response to growing demand in 2013.

100

On-Premise Products segment profit rose 4% to €7,760 million
(2012: €7,473 million) and the associated segment profitability
was 59% (2012: 58%).

On-Premise Services Segment

The On-Premise Services segment performs various professional
services, primarily supporting the implementation of our
software products and providing education services concerning
the use of those software products.

On-Premise Services segment revenue decreased 9% from
€2,967 million in 2012 to €2,695 million in 2013. This reduction
in revenue reflects a 6% decrease from changes in volumes
and prices and a 3% decrease from currency effects. Our cloud
business grew more quickly than our business as a whole,

and demand for preconfigured solutions increased. As expected,
this led to a decrease in both, revenue from consulting and
education services and in the expense of providing them.

Accordingly, cost of revenue in the On-Premise Services
segment decreased 7% to €2,134 million in 2013 (2012:
€2,306 million).

On-Premise Services segment profit declined 15% to €562
million (2012: €661 million). Segment profitability was 21%
(2012: 22%).

Cloud Division
Our Cloud division earns revenue by providing software

for customers to use in the cloud and by providing services
relating to that software.

Driven by the acquisition of SuccessFactors in the first quarter
of 2012 and Ariba in the final quarter of 2012, SAP developed
a strong cloud momentum that continued in 2013. Our Cloud
division revenue run rate reached €1,063 million (end of 2012:
€848 million), based on annualized fourth-quarter revenue.
The annualized revenue is the overall 2013 fourth-quarter
revenue from the Cloud division of €266 million (2012: €212
million), multiplied by four.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 50 ---

The cloud revenue reflects only the portion of customer orders
already recognizable in revenue. In contrast, the portion of
customer orders already invoiced for that refers to services
that have not yet been delivered and is as such not recognizable
in revenue is reflected in deferred cloud revenue. Orders placed
by the customers, which have not yet been delivered and not
yet been invoiced are included in the backlog perfomance
indicator.

Non-IFRS deferred cloud subscription and support revenue
was €447 million on December 31, 2013 (December 31, 2012:
€358 million), a year-over-year increase of 25%. Our cloud
subscription and support backlog increased 50% to €1,202
million on December 31, 2013 (December 31, 2012: approxi-
mately €800 million).

Cloud Applications Segment

The Cloud Applications segment is primarily engaged in
marketing and selling subscriptions to cloud software developed
by SAP and SuccessFactors.

In 2013, revenue from the Cloud Applications segment

grew 53% to €514 million (2012: €336 million). This increase
reflects a 57% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 4% decrease from currency effects. Greater customer
demand for cloud applications led to the steep rise in revenue
in 2013.

In 2013, cost of revenue increased 9% to €178 million

(2012: €163 million) and sales and marketing costs grew 42%
to €328 million (2012: €231 million). These costs rose in the
Cloud Applications segment principally as a result of increased
business activity in response to greater customer demand

for cloud applications in 2013.

Cloud Applications segment profit grew to €8 million (2012:
-€59 million loss). Segment profitability was 2% (2012: -17%).

Report on Economic Position

Ariba Segment

The Ariba segment is primarily engaged in marketing and
selling subscriptions to cloud software developed by Ariba for
its business commerce network. While this segment is named
Ariba, it is not identical to the acquired Ariba business because
certain SAP activities have been transferred to our Ariba
segment.

The numbers for the Ariba segment include the acquired Ariba
company numbers as of October 1, 2012, as well as the
numbers for those SAP activities that were allocated to the
Ariba segment upon its establishment.

In 2013, revenue from the Ariba segment grew 283% to €461
million (2012: €120 million). This increase reflects a 299%
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 16%
decrease from currency effects. It results mainly from the fact
that only fourth-quarter Ariba revenue is included in the 2012
numbers.

In 2013, cost of revenue increased 151% to €180 million (2012:
€72 million) and sales and marketing costs grew 250% to
€151 million (2012: €43 million). The expense rise in the Ariba
segment is mainly due to the fact that Ariba was acquired in
the final quarter of 2012.

Ariba segment profit was €130 million (2012: €5 million).
Segment profitability was 28% (2012: 5%).

Financial Income, Net

Financial income, net, changed to -€66 million

(2012: -€72 million). Our finance income was €115 million
(2012: €103 million) and our finance costs were €181 million
(2012: €175 million).

Finance income mainly consists of interest income from loans
and financial assets (cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments), which was €37 million in 2013 (2012: €45 million).
This decrease is attributable to a lower average liquidity and
lower interest rates than in 2012.

101


--- Page 51 ---

Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial
liabilities (€131 million in 2013 compared to €130 million in
2012) and remained virtually stable year over year. For more
information about these financing instruments, see the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements section

Another factor in financial income, net, in 2013 was the deriva-
tives we utilize to execute our financial risk management strategy.
The associated time value effects from derivatives were
reflected in interest income of €32 million (2012: €27 million)
and interest expenses of €23 million (2012: €28 million).

Income Tax

Our effective tax rate decreased to 24.4% in 2013 (2012:
26.2%). The reason for the year-over-year decrease mainly
resulted from prior year taxes. For more information, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,

Profit After Tax and Earnings per Share

Profit after tax increased 19% to €3,325 million in 2013 (2012:
€2,803 million). The higher profit after tax in 2013 derived
mainly from the increase of our operating profit and the lower
effective tax rate.

Profit After Tax

€ millions | change since previous year

1,750 1,813 3,437 2,803 3,325
5% +4% +90% -18% +19%
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

102

Basic earnings per share increased to €2.79 (2012: €2.35). The
increase reflects the higher profit after tax compared to 2012.
The number of shares outstanding remained almost constant
year over year at 1,193 million (2012: 1,192 million).

Earnings per Share

€ | change since previous year

1.47 1.52 2.89 2.35 2.79

-5% +3% +90% -19% +18%

2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
Dividend

We believe our shareholders should benefit appropriately from
the profit the Company made in 2013. We wish to continue
our dividend policy, which is that the payout ratio should be
more than 30% of the profit after tax of the Group.

The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board will therefore
recommend to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
that the total dividend be increased by 18% to €1.00 per share
(2012: €0.85). Based on this recommendation, the overall
dividend payout ratio (which here means total distributed dividend
as a percentage of profit) would be 36% (2012: 36%).

If the shareholders approve this recommendation and if
treasury shares remain at the 2013 closing level, the total
amount distributed in dividends would be €1,194 million. The
actual amount distributed may be different from that total
because the number of shares held in treasury may change
before the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Transactions
related to share-based payments could also change the
amount of common stock. In 2013 we distributed €1,013 million
in dividends from our 2012 profit. In 2012 we also returned
€53 million to the shareholders by repurchasing SAP treasury
shares. In 2013 we did not repurchase further SAP treasury
shares.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 52 ---

Dividend per Share
€ | change since previous year

0.50 0.60 1.10 0.85 1.00
+0% +20% +83% 23% +18%
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

In 2011, in addition to the regular dividend of €0.75 per
share, we rewarded our shareholders with a special dividend of
€0.35 per share to celebrate our 40th anniversary.

FINANCES (IFRS)
Overview

Global Financial Management

We use global centralized financial management to control
liquid assets and monitor exposure to interest rates and
currencies. The primary aim of our financial management is to
maintain liquidity in the Group at a level that is adequate to
meet our obligations. Most SAP companies have their liquidity
managed centrally by the Group, so that liquid assets across
the Group can be consolidated, monitored, and invested in
accordance with Group policy. High levels of liquid assets help
keep SAP flexible, sound, and independent. In addition, various
credit facilities are currently available for additional liquidity,

if required. For more information about these facilities, see the
it Facilities section.

Report on Economic Position

We manage credit, liquidity, interest rate, equity price, and
foreign exchange rate risks on a Group-wide basis. We use
selected derivatives exclusively for this purpose and not for
speculation, which is defined as entering into a derivative
instrument for which we do not have a corresponding underlying
transaction. The rules for the use of derivatives and other rules
and processes concerning the management of financial risks
are collected in our treasury guideline document, which
applies globally to all companies in the Group. For more
information about the management of each financial risk and
about our risk exposure, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Notes (24) to (

Liquidity Management

Our primary source of cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments is funds generated from our business operations.
Over the past several years, our principal use of cash has been
to support operations and our capital expenditure requirements
resulting from our growth, to acquire businesses, to pay dividends
on our shares, and to buy back SAP shares on the open market.
On December 31, 2013, our cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments were primarily held in euros and U.S. dollars. We
generally invest only in the financial assets of issuers or funds
with a minimum credit rating of BBB, and pursue a policy of
cautious investment characterized by wide portfolio
diversification with a variety of counterparties, predominantly
short-term investments, and standard investment instruments.
We rarely invest in the financial assets of issuers with a credit
rating lower than BBB, and such investments were not material
in 2013.

In 2013, SAP signed a new revolving credit facility contract. The
size of the facility was increased from €1.5 billion to €2.0 billion
to support the company's growth — for more information

see the Credit Facilities section. We believe that our liquid assets
combined with our undrawn credit facilities are sufficient to
meet our present operating needs and, together with expected
cash flows from operations, will support our currently planned
capital expenditure requirements over the near term and
medium term. It may also be necessary to enter into financing
transactions when additional funds are required that cannot
be wholly sourced from free cash flow (for example, to finance
large acquisitions).

103


--- Page 53 ---

The persistently strong free cash flow of recent years enabled
us to pay back additional debts within a short period of time.
Furthermore, a balanced maturity profile prevents repayment
peaks from occurring in any particular year.

To expand our business, we have made acquisitions of
businesses, products, and technologies. Depending on our
future cash position and future market conditions, we might
issue additional debt instruments to fund acquisitions, maintain
financial flexibility, and limit repayment risk. Therefore, we
continuously monitor funding options available in the capital
markets and trends in the availability of funds, as well as the
cost of such funding. For more information about the financial
debt, see the section.

Capital Structure Management
The primary objective of our capital structure management is
to maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor, and

customer confidence, and to support the growth of our business.
We seek to maintain a capital structure that will allow us to
cover our funding requirements through the capital markets at
reasonable conditions, and in so doing, ensure a high level of
independence, confidence, and financial flexibility.

Based on our strong corporate financial profile and our excel-
lent capital market reputation, we have so far successfully
executed external financing transactions without an external
rating. However, we will continue to closely monitor our
financing situation to determine whether not having an external
rating continues to be appropriate.

Our general intention is to remain in a position to return excess
liquidity to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends
and repurchasing shares. The amount of future dividends and
the extent of future repurchases of shares will be balanced with
our effort to continue to maintain an adequate liquidity position.

Capital Structure

2013 2012 % Change

€ millions % of € millions % of

Total equity and Total equity and

liabilities liabilities
Equity 16,048 59 14,133 54 14
Current liabilities 6.347 23 6.546 25 =3
Non-current liabilities 4,699 17 5.627 21 =16
Liabilities 11,046 a1 12,173 46 =9
Total equity and liabilities _ 27094 100 26,306 100 3

104

Combined Management Report


--- Page 54 ---

Our financing activities improved our debt ratio (defined as

the ratio of total liabilities to total equity and liabilities, expressed
as a percentage) to 41% at the end of 2013 (as compared to
46% at the end of 2012). The ratio of total financial debt to
total equity and liabilities decreased by 3% to 16% at the end
of 2013 (19% as at December 31, 2012). Total financial debt
consists of current and non-current bonds and private
placements. For more information about our financial debt, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,

As part of our financing activities in 2014, the Company intends
to repay a €500 million Eurobond and an €86 million German
promissory note when they both mature in April 2014.

Total liabilities on December 31, 2013, mainly comprised
financial liabilities of €4,506 million (of which €3,758 million
are non-current). Financial liabilities on December 31, 2013,
consisted largely of financial debt, which included amounts in
euros (€2,386 million) and U.S. dollars (€1,922 million). On
December 31, 2013, 100% of financial debt was held at fixed
interest rates, of which 56% were swapped into variable
interest rates using interest rate swaps. For more information
about financial liabilities, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section,

Report on Economic Position

Cash Flows and Liquidity

Group liquidity on December 31, 2013, primarily comprised
amounts in euros (€1,056 million) and U.S. dollars (€884 million).
Current investments are included in other financial assets in
the statement of financial position. Financial debts are included
within financial liabilities in the statement of financial position.

Group Liquidity of SAP Group

€ millions

2013 2012 Change
Cash and cash equivalents 2,748 2,477 271
Current investments 93 15 78
Group liquidity 2,841 2,492 349
Current financial debt 586 600 =14
Net liquidity 1 2,255 1,892 363
Non-current financial debt 3,722 4,394 =672
Net liquidity 2 (ae -2.502 1,035

Group liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents (for
example, cash at banks, money market funds, and time deposits
with original maturity of three months or less) and current
investments (for example, investments with original maturities
of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less
than one year) as reported in our IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements.

105


--- Page 55 ---

Group Liquidity Development

€ millions

Group Operating Capital Acquisitions Dividends Proceeds from Repayments Other Group

Liquidity Cash Flow Expenditure Paid Borrowings _of Borrowings Liquidity
12/31/2012 12/31/2013
566
-1,013 +1,000
+3,832 -1,625 -119
2,492 2,841

Net liquidity is Group liquidity less total financial debt as
defined above.

The increase in Group liquidity from 2012 was mainly due

to positive cash inflows from our operations, which were partly
offset by cash outflows for acquisitions (such as hybris),
dividend payments and repayment of an issued Eurobond.

For information about the impact of cash, cash equivalents,
current investments, and our financial liabilities on our income
statements, see the analysis of our financial income, net, in
the Operating Results (IFRS) section.

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow

€ millions

2013 2012 Change (in %)
Net cash flows from operating 3,832 3,822 ie}
activities
Net cash flows from investing -1,781 5,964 -70
activities
Net cash flows from financing -1,589 -194 >100
activities
106

Net cash provided by operating activities remained stable in
2013 (€3,832 million) compared to the prior year (2012:
€3,822 million). Increased income tax payments of €193 million
to €1,295 million in 2013 burdened net cash flows from operating
activities. In addition, days’ sales outstanding (DSO) for
receivables, defined as average number of days from the raised
invoice to cash receipt from the customer, was 62 days, a
three-day increase compared to 2012 (59 days).

Cash outflows from investment activities totaled €1,781 million
in 2013, much decreased from the 2012 figure of €5,964 million
that were attributed mainly to business combinations of
SuccessFactors and Ariba. In 2013, cash outflows were mainly
driven by the acquisitions of consolidated companies (especially
hybris) as well, for which we paid €1,160 million in total. For
more information about current and planned capital expenditures,
see the s sections.

Cash outflows from financing activities totaled €1,589 million
in 2013, compared to €194 million in 2012. In 2013, cash outflows
were mainly driven by dividends paid and a repayment of an
issued €600 million Eurobond. In addition, we took out a
short-term bank loan in the amount of €1,000 million to finance
the acquisition of hybris that were fully offset by repayments

Combined Management Report


--- Page 56 ---

in the same amount and year. In the previous year, cash outflows
from financing activities were mainly driven by repayments of

a Eurobond tranche (€600 million) and several tranches

(€611 million) of the promissory notes we issued in 2009 and
dividends paid. This was almost fully compensated by a
successfully placed Eurobond transaction totaling €1.3 billion
anda U.S. private placement transaction of US$1.4 billion.

The decrease of total dividends paid in 2013 to €1,013 million
(2012: €1,310 million) was due to a decrease in dividend paid
to €0.85 per share compared to €1.10 per share in the previous
year, of which €0.35 per share was an extraordinary payout to
celebrate our 40th anniversary in 2012.

Credit Facilities
Other sources of capital are available to us through various
credit facilities, if required.

By signing a new credit facility contract of €2.0 billion, SAP
refinanced its existing credit facility of €1.5 billion that would
have expired in December 2015. The revolving credit facility
was early refinanced due to favorable market conditions with a
tenor of five years plus two one year extension options. The credit
line may be used for general corporate purposes. A possible
future withdrawal is not bound to any financial covenants.
Borrowings under the facility bear interest at the euro interbank
offered rate (EURIBOR) or London interbank offered rate (LIBOR)
for the respective optional currency plus a margin ranging
from 0.3% to 0.525% (2012: 0.45% to 0.75%). We pay a
commitment fee of 0.079% (2012: 0.1575%) per annum on
unused amounts of the available credit facility. So far, we have
not used and do not currently foresee any need to use this
credit facility.

As at December 31, 2013, SAP AG had additional available
credit facilities totaling €487million. As at December 31, 2013,
there were no borrowings outstanding under these credit
facilities. Several of our foreign subsidiaries have credit
facilities available that allow them to borrow funds in their local
currencies at prevailing interest rates, generally to the

extent SAP AG has guaranteed such amounts. As at December

Report on Economic Position

31, 2013, approximately €36 million was available through such
arrangements. There were no borrowings outstanding under
these credit facilities from any of our foreign subsidiaries as at
December 31, 2013.

ASSETS (IFRS)

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
Total assets increased by 3% year over year to €27,094 million.

Breakdown of Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

Percent

Assets Liabilities
26 27 25 23
74 73 2l 18
54 59
2012 2013 2012 2013

Short term Long term lll Shareholders’ equity

Total current assets increased by 6% in 2013 from €6,928 million
to €7,352 million. This was mainly due to an increase in cash
and cash equivalents to €2,748 million (2012: €2,477 million)
stemming from cash inflows from our operating activities.

Total non-current assets increased slightly in 2013 to
€19,741 million compared to the previous year’s figure of
€19,378 million. This 2% increase was mainly due to
additions to goodwill, resulting from the acquisition of hybris.

107


--- Page 57 ---

Investment in Goodwill, Intangible Assets or Property, Plant, and
Equipment (incl. Capitalizations due to Acquisitions)

€ millions | change since previous year

299 5,502 657 6,859 1,812
-94% +1,740% -88% +944% -74%
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

Current liabilities decreased slightly to €6,347 million in 2013
as compared to the prior year (€6,546 million) which is mainly
due to a drop in our provisions for share-based payments. In
2013 we paid back a €600 million Eurobond, which was almost
fully compensated by reclassifications of €586 million from
non-current liabilities to current liabilities due to changes in the
respective maturity profile.

The decrease in total non-current liabilities from €5,627 million
in 2012 to €4,699 million in 2013 was due mainly to financing
activities. The decrease of non-current financial debt relates to
reclassifications from non-current liabilities to current liabilities
due to changes in the respective maturity profile. For more
information about financing activities in 2013, see the Fine
(IFRS) section.

Such financing activities improved the equity ratio (that is, the

ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets) to 59%, compared
to 54% of the prior year.

108

Equity Ratio

Percent | change since previous year

63 47 55 54 59
+11 pp -16 pp +8 pp -1pp +5 pp
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures

Currently in Progress

In 2013, we started construction activities in several locations.
We aim to extend our office space and data center capacities
to be able to cover future growth. We plan to cover all of these
projects in full from operating cash flow. The most important
projects are:
— In Bangalore, India, we want to add additional capacity of
roughly 2,500 employees. We estimate the total cost to be
approximately €51 million, of which we had paid approximately
€2 million as of December 31, 2013. We expect to complete
the construction of this office building in 2016.

— In Ra’anana, Israel, we commenced construction of

anew building. We estimate the total cost of this project to

be approximately €50 million, of which we had paid
approximately €10 million as of December 31, 2013. We expect
to complete the construction of this office building in 2016.

— In our research center in Potsdam, Germany, we started with
asecond construction phase in order to realize additional
capacity for at least 100 employees. With the extension of
our research center we aim to create the general conditions
for further teams contributing innovations to SAP products

in miscellaneous fields. We estimate the total cost to be
approximately €12 million, of which we had paid approximately
€2 million as of December 31, 2013. We expect to complete
the construction of this office building in 2015.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 58 ---

— In New York City, New York, United States, we started planning
the leasehold improvements for our new office space.
he project includes the consolidation of our New York City
offices for approximately 600 employees. We estimate the
total capital expenditures for this project to be approximately
€37 million. We expect to complete the leasehold
improvements in 2016.
— In Paris, France, we started an office consolidation project.
The project aims to consolidate three office spaces in Paris
into one office space. We estimate the total cost of the
leasehold improvements to be approximately €24 million. We
expect to complete the leasehold improvements in 2014.
- In St. Leon-Rot, Germany, we started increasing the capacity
of our data center. We estimate the total cost of this project
to be approximately €30 million, of which we had paid
approximately €14 million as of December 31, 2013. We
expect to complete the construction for this project in 2014.
— In Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, United States, we also
started to increase the capacity of our data center. We estimate
the total cost of this project to be approximately €20 million,
of which we had paid approximately €2 million as of
December 31, 2013. We expect to complete the construction
for this project in 2014.

For more information about planned capital expenditures,
see the | 30als section. There were no material
divestitures within the reporting period.

vestment G

Competitive Intangibles

The assets that are the basis for our current as well as future
success do not appear on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. This is apparent from a comparison of the
market capitalization of SAP AG (based on all outstanding
shares), which was €76.5 billion at the end of 2013 (2012:
€747 billion), with the equity on the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position, which was €16.0 billion (2012: €14.1 billion).
This means that the market capitalization of our equity is more
than four times higher than the book value. The difference

is mainly due to certain intangible assets that the applicable
accounting standards do not allow to be recorded (at all or

at fair value) on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position. They include customer capital (our customer base

Report on Economic Position

and customer relations), employees and their knowledge and
skills, our ecosystem of partners, software we developed
ourselves, our ability to innovate, the brands we have built up —
in particular, the SAP brand itself — and our organization. On
December 31, 2013, SAP ranked third of the most valuable
companies in Germany in terms of market capitalization based
on all outstanding shares. According to the Interbrand “Best
Global Brands” annual survey, SAP ranked again the 25th most
valued brand in the world (2012: 25th). Against other German
brands, the SAP brand ranks third behind Mercedes-Benz

and BMW, and 10th globally against other IT brands. Interbrand
determined our value as US$16.7 billion, an increase of 7%
compared to the previous year (2012: US$15.6 billion).

The results of our investment in research and development,
including R&D investment made in the past, are also a significant
element in our competitive intangibles.

Our customer capital continued to grow in 2013. We gained
more than 21,500 new customers in various market segments
and strengthened our existing customer relationships. To help
us improve insight into our customers’ view of SAP, in 2012

we began measuring our Net Promoter Score (NPS), a metric
that gives a more complete picture of customer loyalty as it
answers the question of how likely our customers would be to
recommend SAP. For more information about our new customers
and NPS, see the Customers section.

Employee-related and R&D activities increased the value of

our employee base and our own software. For more information,
see the Emp al Investment section and the
Researc it section. We also increased the
value of our partner ecosystem by continuing to develop sales
and development partnerships.

109


--- Page 59 ---

Report on the Economic Position of SAP AG

SAP AG is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany, and is the parent
company of the SAP Group, which comprises 272 companies.
SAP AG is the Group holding company and employs most of
the Group's Germany-based development and service and
support personnel.

As the owner of the intellectual property in most SAP software,
SAP AG derives its revenue mainly from software license fees
aid by its subsidiaries for the right to market SAP solutions.

The SAP AG annual financial statements are prepared in
accordance with the reporting standards in the German
Commercial Code (as amended by the German Accounting
Law Modernization Act) and the German Stock Corporation
Act. The full SAP AG annual financial report and unqualified
audit report are submitted to the operator of the Elektronischer
Bundesanzeiger (Online German Federal Gazette) for
ublication and inclusion in the Unternehmensregister (German
Business Register). It is available from SAP AG on request.

INCOME
The income statement uses the nature of expense method and
resents amounts in millions of euros.

110

SAP AG Income Statement - German Commercial Code Short Version
€ millions

2013 2012
Total revenue 8,413 7,812
Other operating income 893 796
Cost of services and materials -2,896 -2,610
Personnel expenses =1,30 -1,417
Depreciation and amortization -309 -278
Other operating expenses -2,197 -2,215
Operating profit 2,514 2,088
Finance income 825 1,144
Income from ordinary activities 3,339 3,232
Income taxes -834 721
Net income _ 2505" 2,511

The total revenue of SAP AG in 2013 was €8,413 million (2012:
€7,812 million), an increase of 8%. Product revenue increased
4% to €6,543 million (2012: €6,295 million). As in previous
years, product revenue was primarily generated from license
fees paid by subsidiaries of SAP AG. The increase in SAP AG
revenue in 2013 was therefore principally the result of the
increase in software and software-related service revenue
achieved by the SAP Group.

Other operating income increased €97 million to €893 million
(2012: €796 million). The year-over-year increase is
due primarily to a rise in gains from currency effects.

SAP AG operating profit increased 20% to €2,514 million
(2012: €2,088 million). SAP AG cost of services and materials
increased 11% to €2,896 million (2012: €2,610 million). SAP AG
cost of services and materials comprises third-party services,
including those provided by SAP subsidiaries. SAP AG personnel
expenses, mainly the labor cost of the developers, service and
support employees, and administration staff employed by SAP
AG, decreased slightly by 2% to €1,390 million (2012: €1,417
million) in spite of headcount increase, primarily because of a
significant decrease in share-based payment related expenses.
Other operating expenses decreased 1% to €2,197 million,
mainly due to lower currency losses that declined €39 million
compared to the previous year.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 60 ---

Finance income was €825 million (2012: €1,144 million),

a decrease of €319 million compared with the previous year,
mainly caused by a €322 million decrease in income from
securities classified as financial assets and €108 million
decrease in investment income. This decrease in finance
income was offset by increases of €10 million in income from
profit transfer agreements and €26 million in net interest
income, as well as a decrease of €76 million in write-downs of
financial assets.

SAP AG income from ordinary activities, which is the sum

of operating profit and finance income, increased 3% to
€3,339 million (2012: €3,232 million). Income tax increased
19% to €831 million (2012: €701 million). The primary cause
was a large reduction in income from securities classified

as financial assets, much of which is non-taxable. After deducting
taxes, the resultant net income decreased €6 million year

over year to €2,505 million (2012: €2,511 million).

ASSETS AND FINANCIAL POSITION

In 2013, SAP AG total assets closed at €22,055 million (2012:
€21,037 million).

Report on the Economic Position of SAP AG

SAP AG Balance Sheet - German Commercial Code Short Version

€ millions

12/31/2013 12/31/2012
Assets
Intangible assets 289 406
Property, plant, and equipment 965 917
Financial assets 16,857 16,664
Fixed assets 18,111 17,987
Inventories 2 4
Accounts receivable 2,857 2,541
Liquid assets 884 307
Short-term assets 3,743 2,852
Prepaid expenses and deferred 113 115
charges
Deferred taxes 63 74
Surplus arising from offsetting 25 9
Total assets _ 22,055 21,037
Equity and liabilities
Shareholders’ equity 11,295 9,717
Provisions 1,203 1,251
Other liabilities 9,549 10,063
Deferred income 8 6
Total shareholders’ equity and 21,037

Financial assets increased 1% compared with the previous
year to €16,857 million, primarily caused by the increase in
contributions to subsidiaries. Short-term assets stood at
€3,743 million (2012: €2,852 million), a year-over-year increase
of €891 million. €316 million of the increase is attributable

to accounts receivable and €577 million to liquid assets.

liabilities

SAP AG shareholders’ equity rose 16% to €11,295 million
(2012: €9,717 million). Against outflows of €1,013 million
associated with the payment of the 2012 dividend, there was a
€2,505 million increase in net income and an inflow of €86 million
from the issuance of shares to service the share-based payments
of employees and Executive Board members. The equity

ratio (that is, the ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets)
increased from 46% in 2012 to 51% in 2013.

111


--- Page 61 ---

Provisions decreased €48 million to €1,203 million. While the
other provisions decreased €107 million to €662 million,
mainly due to lower share-based payment related provisions,
the reserves for tax increased €58 million to €539 million.

Other liabilities decreased €514 million to €9,549 million
(2012: €10,063 million). This decrease is mainly attributable to
contrasting effects: On the one hand, SAP AG made a
scheduled repayment of a bond in the amount of €600 million;
on the other, SAP AG liabilities to affiliated companies decreased
€95 million, mainly due to increased cash contribution by
subsidiaries through SAP AG's centralized management of
finance and liquidity.

SAP AG Cash Flow Statement —
German Commercial Code Short Version

€ millions

2013 2012
Net cash flows from operating 2,987 2,334
activities
Net cash flows from investing -485 4,598
activities
Net cash flows from financing =1,975 -271
activities
Net decrease/increase in cash and 527 -2,535
cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at 307 2,842
the beginning of the year
Cash and cash equivalents at 307
the end of the year
112

Mainly due to the mentioned cash contributions by subsidiaries
through SAP AG's centralized management of finance and
liquidity as well as to positive business performance, the cash
flow from operating activities increased €653 million to
€2,987 million in 2013 (2012: €2,334 million).

SAP AG used net cash flows from investing activities of

€485 million in 2013 (2012: €4,598 million), a year-over-year
decrease of €4,113 million. The outflows were €500 million for
property, plant and equipment and financial assets and €50
million for long-term investments. They were in part offset by
inflows of €66 million from sales of property, plant and
equipment and financial assets. In the prior year, contributions
to subsidiaries’ capital related to the acquisition of Success-
Factors and Ariba occasioned outflows of €4,830 million.

Net cash flows from financing activities were €1,975 million in
2013 compared to €271 million in 2012. In 2013, SAP AG
outflows included the dividend of €1,013 million (2012: €1,310
million and repayments of financial liabilities of €1,015 million.
On the other hand, SAP AG generated inflows of €53 million
from the reissuance of treasury shares and the issuance of new
shares for share-based payments.

At the close of the year, SAP AG held €834 million in short-term
liquid assets (2012: €307 million), a year-over-year decrease of
€527 million.

OPPORTUNITIES AND RISKS

SAP AG is subject to materially the same opportunities and risks

as the SAP Group. For more information, see the O
ort and the Risk Report sections.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 62 ---

Overall Financial Position

EXECUTIVE BOARD’S ASSESSMENT

SAP delivered strong revenue and profit growth in 2013. SAP
HANA, our platform for real-time business applications,

was a major growth engine in 2013. SAP Business Suite powered
by SAP HANA is becoming a leading platform for high-
performance applications.

Our stable, highly profitable core business and our fast-growing
cloud business can together deliver continued growth and

an expanding margin. We still aim to increase total revenue
growth, both for the near term and for the medium term. At

the same time, we want to build still greater profitability for our
business. All in all, SAP remains in good financial shape.

Overall Financial Position

INFLUENCE OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES ON OUR
FINANCIAL POSITION

For more information about our accounting policies, see

the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,

There are no off-balance sheet financial instruments, such as
sale-and-lease-back transactions, asset-backed securities,
and liabilities related to structured entities, that are not disclosed
in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

113


--- Page 63 ---

Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

The German Commercial Code, section 289a, requires that
listed stock corporations publish a corporate governance
statement either as part of their management report or on
their Web site. The Executive Board filed SAP’s corporate
governance statement on February 19, 2014, and published it
on our public Web site at
investors/gover

ap.com/corporate-e

For more information about the corporate governance of SAP,
see the Corporate Gove ce Report section.

PLANNED CONVERSION TO A EUROPEAN COMPANY

In March 2013, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of
SAP AG agreed to convert SAP AG to a European Company
(SE). SAP has begun working on the conversion process. The
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board believe that the
planned change of legal form reflects SAP's position as a global
company with European roots. The European Company legal
form also reflects SAP’s European and international business
activities. The European Company legal form will allow SAP to
optimize its corporate governance structure and the work of its
Supervisory Board and Executive Board.

114

As invited by management, SAP employees and their
representatives in the European Union (EU) and European
Economic Area (EEA) countries elected their delegates to a
Special Negotiating Body (SNB). Negotiations between SAP
management and the SNB regarding the European employees’
involvement in the SE began in September 2013, are ongoing,
and are expected to last six months. SAP intends to seek the
required approval of the shareholders for the conversion of
legal form at the 2014 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders.
If approved, the change of legal form would take effect upon
entry in the commercial register. With the conversion to an SE,
its shareholders automatically become shareholders of SAP
SE. Shareholders’ rights remain unchanged.

CHANGES IN MANAGEMENT

Lars Dalgaard stepped down from the Executive Board and left
the Company on June 1, 2013, to join a private equity firm. He
continues to play an active role as an advisor to the SAP Cloud
business in the Cloud Governance Board.

We have consolidated all responsibility for innovation and product
development under Vishal Sikka, a member of the Executive
Board. With effect from June 1, 2013, all on-premise delivery,
network (Ariba), and Cloud unit development leaders report
directly to Vishal Sikka. Additionally, the Executive Board
nominated Bernd Leukert, executive vice president for
application innovation, to the Global Managing Board with
effect from July 1, 2013. In this capacity, Leukert reports
directly to Vishal Sikka.

Luisa Deplazes Delgado, member of the Executive Board

of SAP AG, Human Resources, and Labor Relations Director
decided to leave SAP with effect from June 30, 2013, to
become the CEO of another company.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 64 ---

In addition to his role as our chief financial officer, Werner
Brandt took on Executive Board responsibility for human
resources and became the labor relations director in Germany.
In this context, Luka Mucic became the head of global

finance to support Brandt in his expanded responsibilities. The
Executive Board nominated Mucic to the Global Managing
Board with effect from July 1, 2013. In October 2013, the
Supervisory Board of SAP AG appointed Luka Mucic chief
financial officer, effective July 1, 2014. Luka Mucic is the
successor of Werner Brandt, who will, as planned, withdraw from
the Executive Board by that time.

On July 21, 2013, the SAP Supervisory Board agreed to
propose that co-CEO Jim Hagemann Snabe be elected to the
SAP Supervisory Board at the SAP Annual General Meeting

of Shareholders in May 2014. This proposal is subject to support
by at least 25% of the shareholders. Jim Hagemann Snabe

will conclude his current role as co-CEO and member of

the SAP Executive Board upon the conclusion of the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders in May 2014.

Bob Calderoni, president of Ariba, an SAP company, and a

member of our Global Managing Board, decided to leave SAP
with effect from January 15, 2014.

Corporate Governance

115


--- Page 65 ---

Information Concerning Takeovers

Information required under the German Commercial Code,
sections 289 (4) and 315 (4), with explanatory report.

— Composition of share capital: For information about the
composition of SAP AG share capital as of December 31,
2013, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (20). Each share entitles the bearer to one
vote. American depositary receipts (ADRs) representing our
shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the
United States. ADRs are certificates representing non-U.S.
shares and are traded on U.S. stock exchanges instead of the
underlying shares. One SAP ADR corresponds to one SAP
share.

— Restrictions applying to share voting rights or transfers:

SAP shares are not subject to transfer restrictions except the

lock-in period under the SAP Share Matching Plan (SMP),

described below. SAP held 34,795,554 treasury shares on

December 31, 2013. Treasury shares did not entitle us to any

rights, and hence to any voting rights or dividend. Shares

issued in 2013 under the employee SMP are subject to
contractual transfer restrictions for a three-year lock-in period
unless the plan member's employment with SAP is ended
during that period. Until that lock-in period has expired, the
participating employees are not ordinarily allowed to dispose
of the shares they have acquired under the plan. We are not
aware of any other restrictions applying to share voting rights
or to share transfers.

Shareholdings that exceed 10% of the voting rights: We

are not aware of any direct or indirect SAP AG shareholdings

that exceed 10% of the voting rights.

Shares with special rights conferring powers of control:

No SAP shareholder has special rights conferring powers of

control.

— Type of control over voting rights applying to employee
shareholders who do not directly exercise their control
rights: As with other shareholders, employee holders of SAP
shares exercise their control rights in accordance with the
law and the Articles of Incorporation. In votes on the formal
approval of their acts at the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders, employee representatives on the Supervisory
Board - as all other members of the Supervisory Board — are
prohibited from exercising the voting rights associated with
their shares.

116

— Legal requirements and provisions in the Articles of Incor-
poration concerning the appointment and dismissal of
members of the Executive Board and amendment of the
Articles of Incorporation:

Conditions for the appointment and dismissal of members
of the Executive Board and amendment of the Articles of
Incorporation reflect the relevant provisions in the German
Stock Corporation Act. Under the Articles of Incorporation,
the Executive Board consists of at least two members who
are appointed for a period of not more than five years by the
Supervisory Board in accordance with the German Stock
Corporation Act, section 84. The number of members of the
Executive Board is decided by the Supervisory Board. Executive
Board members may be reappointed for, or their term of
office extended by, a maximum of five years. The German
Codetermination Act, section 31, provides that a two-thirds
majority of the Supervisory Board membership is required
for Executive Board appointments. If the Supervisory Board
fails to make an appointment with a majority that meets

this requirement, the Mediation Committee must propose an
appointee within one month. Appointments to the Executive
Board can then be made by a simple majority of the
Supervisory Board membership. If the Supervisory Board also
fails to make an appointment with a majority that meets this
requirement, the chairperson of the Supervisory Board has
two votes in the subsequent ballot. The Supervisory Board
can appoint a chairperson of the Executive Board and one or
more deputy chairpersons from among the members of the
Executive Board. The Supervisory Board can revoke
appointments to the Executive Board in accordance with the
German Stock Corporation Act, section 84, if compelling
reasons exist, such as gross negligence on the part of the
Executive Board member. If the Executive Board is short of a
required member, one may be appointed in urgent cases by a
court in accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act,
section 85. In accordance with the German Stock Corporation
Act, sections 179 and 133, an amendment of the Articles of
Incorporation requires a resolution of the General Meeting of
Shareholders with a majority of at least three-quarters of the
share capital represented in the vote and the simple majority
of the votes cast. Section 11 (2) of the Articles of Incorporation
authorizes the Supervisory Board to amend the Articles

of Incorporation where such amendments only concern the
wording.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 66 ---

— Powers of the Executive Board to issue and repurchase — Material agreements with provisions that take effect in the

shares: The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on

May 25, 2011, granted powers to the Executive Board, subject
to the consent of the Supervisory Board, to issue convertible
and warrant-linked bonds and to grant conversion and option
rights in respect of SAP AG shares representing a total
attributable portion of the share capital of not more than €100
million secured by a corresponding amount of contingent
capital. These powers will expire on May 24, 2016. The Executive
Board is also authorized until June 7, 2015, to increase the
share capital by not more than €250 million by issuing new
shares against contributions in cash and to increase the
share capital by not more than €250 million by issuing new
shares against contributions in cash or in kind. For more
details about the different tranches of authorized capital and
the aforementioned contingent capital, see the Articles

of Incorporation, section 4. The Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders on June 4, 2013, granted a power to the Executive
Board in accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act,
section 71 (1)(8), to buy back for treasury on or before June
3, 2018, SAP AG shares attributable in total to not more

than €120 million of the share capital. The power is subject to
the proviso that the shares repurchased, together with any
shares that were previously acquired and are still held by SAP
in treasury and any other shares controlled by SAP, must

not in total exceed 10% of SAP's share capital. Executive Board
powers, such as those described to issue and repurchase
stock and to grant rights of conversion and subscription to
shares of SAP, are widely followed common practice among
German companies like SAP. They give the Executive Board
e flexibility it needs, in particular the options to use SAP
shares as consideration in equity investments, raise funds on
e financial markets at short notice on favorable terms, or
return value to shareholders during the course of the year. To
service the SMP, which is an employee stock plan we established
in 2010, the Executive Board is authorized, subject to
Supervisory Board consent, to issue to participants of the
plan new shares until June 7, 2015. This authorized capital

has been used for plan tranches in 2010, 2011, and 2012 (but
not in 2013), and on December 31, 2013, it empowered the
Company to issue new shares representing a total attributable
portion of the share capital of not more than €29,609,256.

o

o

Information Concerning Takeovers

event of a change of control following a takeover bid: SAP

AG has concluded the following material agreements with

provisions that take effect in the event of a change of control,

whether following a takeover bid or otherwise:

he terms of SAP’s syndicated €2 billion revolving credit

facility include a change-of-control clause. For more infor-

mation about this syndicated credit facility, see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements section, !

his clause obliges SAP AG to notify the banks in case of a

change of control. If, on receiving the notification, banks

that represent at least two-thirds of the credit volume so
require, the banks have the right to cancel the credit facility
and demand complete repayment of the outstanding debt.

f no continuation agreement is reached, the credit facility

would end and the obligation to repay would become effective

at an ascertainable time.

he terms of the German promissory notes totaling
€86 million include a change-of-control clause. For more
information about these German promissory notes, see
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (17b). The clause gives the lenders special termination
rights in case of a change of control. If no continuation
agreement is reached within 30 days after a change of
control, the lenders would be entitled to declare the loan due
and demand repayment of the outstanding debt without
delay.

- In agreements between SAP AG and various banks for
bilateral credit facilities that totaled €487 million on
December 31, 2013, we have agreed customary material
adverse change clauses permitting the banks to terminate if
events occur that are materially adverse to the economic
standing of SAP AG, which may possibly also include a change
of control. In the past, we have drawn on these bilateral
credit facilities only infrequently and only for a few days. We
believe that in view of our current liquidity situation,
termination of these credit facilities would not have a
material adverse effect, at least in the near term.

25).

117


--- Page 67 ---

* SAP issued two bonds in 2010, each in two tranches of

different tenures, totaling €2.2 billion. In 2012, SAP set up a
Debt Issuance Program under which a first tranche of
Eurobonds in the amount of €1.3 billion was issued. In 2013,
anew €4 billion Debt Issuance Program was set up under
which no bonds were issued until December 31, 2013. For
more information about these bonds, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (175).
Under the terms agreed with the buyers, we are required

to notify the buyers of any change of control without delay.
If there is a change of control and SAP is consequently
assigned a lower credit rating within a defined period,
buyers are entitled to demand repayment. We currently do
not have a credit rating with any agency. In case that
condition persists in a change of control event, an early
redemption would only be triggered if no rating agency
assigns a credit rating during the change of control period.

- Under the terms of our U.S. private placements totaling

118

US$2.65 billion, we are required to offer lenders repayment
of outstanding debt if there is a change of control and SAP
is consequently assigned a lower credit rating within a
defined period. For more information about these private
placements, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (17b). Lenders would have at least
30 days to accept the offer. We currently do not have a
credit rating with any agency. In case that condition persists
in a change of control event, an early redemption would
only be triggered if no rating agency assigns a credit rating
during the change of control period.

* We have entered into relationships with other companies
to jointly develop and market new software products. These
relationships are governed by development and marketing
agreements with the respective companies. Some of the
agreements include provisions that, in the event of a change
of control over one of the parties, give the other party a
right to consent to the assignment of the agreement or to
terminate it.

— Agreements to compensate members of the Executive

Board or the employees in the event of a takeover bid:
Agreements have been concluded with the members of the
Executive Board concerning compensation in the event of a
change of control. These agreements, which are customary
in Germany and elsewhere, are described in the Compensation
Report that is an integral part of this management report.
We have no analogous compensation agreements with other
employees.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 68 ---

Opportunity Report

Market dynamics are shifting rapidly as in-memory and cloud
computing are being adopted in enterprise IT. Our customers
rely on SAP as the trusted advisor to successfully lead this
transition not only towards in-memory computing and the cloud,
but also towards driving new business outcomes and enabling
business model innovations. To meet these expectations we
must grow consistently and accelerate the pace of our business
transformation by leveraging the right innovation and exploiting
new opportunities.

We have established a framework for opportunity management
by evaluating and analyzing four key areas: current markets,
competitive landscapes, external scenarios, and technological
trends. Furthermore, we have delved into customer product
segmentation, growth drivers and industry-specific success
factors. These combined insights help the Executive Board
define market strategies for future consideration.

Our shareholder value relies heavily upon a fine balance of
awareness between risk mitigation and value-driven opportuni-
ties. Therefore, our strong governance model ensures that
decisions are based on return, investment required, and risk
mitigation. More importantly, these decisions rely on the talent
and resources within SAP's entire ecosystem, extending even
to our partner relationships. Without these core assets, it would
not be possible to successfully deliver innovation to our
customers in a consumable, inspiring, and sustainable way.

As far as opportunities are likely to occur, we have incorporated
them into our business plans, our outlook for 2014, and

our medium-term prospects outlined later in this report. The
following section therefore focuses on future trends or

events that might result in a departure from our outlook and
medium-term prospects that are positive for SAP.

Opportunity Report

SAP AG is the parent company of the Group and earns most
of its revenue from software license fees and dividends paid by
affiliates. Consequently, the opportunities described below
also apply — directly or indirectly — to SAP AG. Insights and
conclusions apply to segments and portfolio.

OPPORTUNITIES

Opportunities from Positive Development of

Economic Conditions

Economic conditions have a clear influence on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. Our outlook for 2014
and medium-term prospects are based on future economic
conditions and trends, aligned to our corporate growth
strategies. Consequently, should the global economy experience
amore sustained recovery than is reflected in our outlook,

our revenue and profit may exceed our current outlook and
medium-term prospects.

We expect strong growth in emerging markets (Brazil, China, the
Middle East, and Africa). These markets are prime opportunities
for both our established enterprise applications and new
offerings. Africa, for example, is on its way to becoming one

of the new global economic powerhouses. Stable GDP growth
rates are fueled by the continent's vast natural resources and
increasing foreign and African investment in public infrastructure.
Software demand is increasing and we expect double-digit
growth rates. SAP Africa's current business performance gives
evidence of solid market opportunity and execution capabilities.
In addition, customers and partners are actively targeting
Africa and demand a stronger SAP presence in the region. As
aresult, the Board decided to build a targeted strategic growth
plan for the continent to provide strategic answers to key
opportunities and challenges. The expected impact of this
strategy is reflected in our outlook. Additional revenue

and profit opportunities may arise over the course of 2014.

ale)


--- Page 69 ---

In addition, we continue to acknowledge the growing demand
for prudent management of resources and sustainable business
models, both for our customers and for ourselves. In this
context, SAP will progress to leverage the technological
capabilities to solve more complex problems of humanity.

For more information about future trends in the global econ-
omy, the IT market outlook, and the potential influence on SAP,
see the Report on Expected Developments section of this
management report.

Opportunities from Research and Development Traction
Our continued growth through innovation is based on our
ability to leverage R&D resources effectively. We continue to
improve our development processes through design thinking
and lean methodologies. We are accelerating innovation cycles
and engaging more closely with our customers to ensure
accuracy and success.

While speed is a key strength, we also focus on ease of adoption
and providing compelling returns. This allows our customers
to easily consume technologies and software applications with
immediate benefits for their businesses. If we make innovations
available faster than currently anticipated, or if customers
adopt the innovations faster than currently expected, this could
positively impact our revenue, profit, and cash flows and result
in exceeding our stated outlook and medium-term prospects.

For more information about future opportunities in research
and development for SAP, see the rch and Development
and Re Expected Dev s sections of this
management report

port o

opme

120

Opportunities from Our Strategy for Profitable Growth
Our strategy influences our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows. Our mission is to deliver profitable growth
across our portfolio of products, solutions, and services. We will
continue to expand our addressable market to US$350 billion
in 2020, compared to US$110 billion in 2010.

We see opportunities in new product and market areas, such as
in-memory, cloud, mobile, digital marketing, social media,
machine-to-machine, and predictive analytics. We are entering
into these areas through organic development as well as
acquisitions. We also seek to establish new business models

and leverage our expanding ecosystem of partners to maximize
these opportunities.

In addition, our core business applications continue to offer
solid multi-year growth opportunities as we bring innovative
technologies with simplified consumption to our installed base
and continue to add net new customers.

Successful performance relies on our pace of innovation. SAP
is now taking market share in our targeted market categories
and creating new opportunities to increase the business value
for our customers. This should allow SAP to add further
business value and thus increase the share of our customers’
IT spending.

Unexpected portfolio growth may positively impact our revenue,
profit, and cash flows and result in exceeding our stated out-
look and medium-term prospects. Specifically, SAP HANA and
our cloud offerings could create even more demand than is
reflected in our stated outlook and medium-term prospects.

For more information about future opportunities for SAP,
see the Vision, Mission, and Strategy and Report on Ext
nts sections of this management report.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 70 ---

Opportunities from Our Partner Ecosystem

SAP continues to grow and develop a global partner ecosys-
tem. In order to increase market coverage, we want to enhance
our portfolio and spur innovation with the specified objective
of increasing the partner revenue contribution to SAP's overall
revenue target. In addition to strengthening our core, we will
leverage our entire ecosystem to drive adoption of SAP HANA
and cloud solutions as well. As a result, we are creating an
ever-stronger setup, where we, along with our customers and
artners, co-innovate and develop new innovative solutions on
top of SAP HANA. Our unrivaled partner ecosystem is essential
for making SAP HANA the industry's real-time in-memory
latform of the future.

Should the business of our partners develop better than currently
expected, our indirect sales (partner revenue) could grow
stronger than reflected in our outlook and medium-term
rospects. This may positively impact our revenue, profit, and
cash flows and result in exceeding our stated medium-term
rospects.

For more information about opportunities arising from our
artner ecosystem, see the Partner Ecosystem and Re
acted L )pments sections of this management report.

ton

Opportunities from Our Employees

Our employees drive our innovation, are the value to our
customers, and consistently promote our growth and profit-
ability. In 2013, we increased the number of full-time employees,
especially in sales roles to capture growth opportunities. We
anticipate improvements in employee productivity as a result
of our continued endeavors in design-thinking principles. As
described in the Emplc s section, we also run programs that
aim to increase engagement, collaboration, and social innovation.

To ensure continuous innovation and sustained business
success, we need to continuously bring the best and brightest
talent to SAP. To do so, we will further strengthen our brand
perception in the market and optimize our recruiting experience
to emphasize our focus on improving people's lives. Furthermore,
we will maximize mobile channels and innovative talent
strategies to tap into new talent pools.

Opportunity Report

Our outlook and medium-term prospects are based on certain
assumptions regarding employee productivity and engagement.
If the actual employee productivity exceeds these assumptions,
it would positively impact our revenue, profit, and cash flows
and result in exceeding our stated medium-term prospects.

For more information about future opportunities from our
employees, see the Employees section of this management
report.

Opportunities from Our Customer Engagement

SAP goes to market by region, customer segments, line

of business, and industry. We evolve and invest in our go-to-
market coverage model to effectively sell industry-specific
solutions while increasing our engagement with customers.
We focus on the dynamic and fast-changing landscape each
industry faces as technology evolves.

We offer unique services that significantly drive a return on
investment, and continue to actively look at new opportunities
to increase the value we deliver to our customers. Our outlook
and medium-term prospects are based on certain assumptions
regarding the success of our go-to-market approaches. If the
actual go-to-market success exceeds these assumptions, this
would positively impact our revenue, profit, and cash flows, and
result in exceeding our stated medium-term prospects.

121


--- Page 71 ---

Risk Report

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
As a global company, SAP is exposed to a wide variety of risks
across our range of business operations. As a consequence,
the Executive Board has put comprehensive risk management
and internal control structures into place that enable SAP to
entify and analyze risks early on and take appropriate action.
Our risk management and internal control system is designed
to identify potential events that could negatively impact the
Company and to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
achievement of the Company objectives, specifically our
ability to achieve our financial, operational, or strategic goals as
planned.

This system comprises multiple control mechanisms and is an
important element of the corporate decision-making process;
it is therefore implemented as an integral part of SAP's
business processes across the entire Group. Ensuring that our
global risk management efforts are effective and enable us

to aggregate risks and report on them transparently, we have
adopted an integrated risk management and internal control
approach.

SAP AG is a stock corporation domiciled in Germany and issues
securities that are listed on the stock exchanges in Frankfurt,
Berlin, and Stuttgart, in Germany, as well as on the New York
Stock Exchange, in the United States. We are therefore subject
to both German and U.S. regulatory requirements that relate
to risk management and internal controls over financial report-
ing, such as provisions in the German Stock Corporation Act,
section 91 (2), and the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) of
2002, section 404. The Executive Board has established an
early warning system (risk management system) to ensure
compliance with applicable regulations and for the effective
management of risks.

122

Our risk management system is based on five pillars, comprising
a dedicated risk management policy and a standardized risk
management methodology followed by a global risk manage-
ment organization. The internal control system comprises

the internal control and risk management system for financial
reporting (ICRMFR) that also covers the broader business
environment. In 2013, we implemented continuous control
monitoring and continuous auditing in selected areas. Using
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) framework, we define and cover internal
controls all along the value chain on a process and subprocess
level to assure that sound business objectives are set in

line with the organization's strategic, operational, financial, and
compliance goals. In addition, we have a governance model

in place across risk management and the internal control system
to ensure both systems are effective, as well as a central
software solution to store, maintain, and report all risk-relevant
information.

RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY AND FRAMEWORK

The risk management policy issued by the Executive Board
governs how we handle risk in line with the Company's risk
appetite and defines a methodology that is applied uniformly
across all parts of the Group. The policy stipulates who is
responsible for conducting risk management activities and
defines reporting and monitoring structures. We routinely
review and update the policy as necessary. Our global corporate
audit function conducts regular audits to assess the effectiveness
of our risk management system. Every year, SAP’s external
auditor assesses if the early risk identification system is adequate
to identify risks that may endanger the Group's ability to
continue as a going concern. SAP's enterprise risk management
follows COSO II (integrated framework for enterprise risk
management) and covers risks in the areas of strategy,
operational business, financial reporting, and compliance. As of
today, the risk management system analyzes risks and only
assesses or analyzes opportunities where deemed appropriate.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 72 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT METHODOLOGY AND REPORTING
The following sections describe the key content elements

of the risk management process as part of SAP policy: risk
planning, identification, analysis, response, and monitoring.
Risk planning and risk identification for both internal and external
risks are conducted in cooperation between risk managers and
the business units or subsidiaries across the Group. We use
various techniques to identify risks. For example, we have
identified risk indicators and developed a comprehensive

risk catalog that includes risk mitigation strategies for known
product and project risks. Risk identification takes place at
various levels of the Company to ensure that common risk
trends are identified and end-to-end risk management across
organizational borders is enabled. We apply both qualitative
and quantitative risk analysis as well as other risk analysis
methods such as sensitivity analyses and simulation techniques.

To determine which risks pose the highest threat to the viability
of the Group, we classify them as “high,” “medium,” or

“low” based on the likelihood that a risk will occur within the
assessment horizon as well as the impact the risk would

have on SAP's business objectives if it were realized. The scales
for measuring these two indicators are given in the following
tables.

Risk Report

Probability/Likelihood of Occurrence Description

1to19% Remote
20 to 39 % Unlikely

40 to 59 % Likely

60 to 79% Highly Likely
80 to. 99 % Near Certainty

In this framework, we define a remote risk as one that will
occur only under exceptional circumstances and a near certain
risk as one that can be expected to occur within the specified
time horizon. The period for analyzing our risks is at least the
used forecast period. The period for analyzing our risks that
could be possible threats to the Group's ability to continue as a
going concern, is eight rolling quarters.

Impact Level Impact Definition

Insignificant Negligible negative impact on business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows

Minor Limited negative impact on business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows

Moderate Some potential negative impact on business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows

Major Considerable negative impact on business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows

Business- Detrimental negative impact on business, financial position,

critical profit, and cash flows

Based on the likelihood that a risk will occur as well as the
impact the risk would have on SAP's reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flow leads us to classify
the risks as “high,” “medium,” or “low.”

123


--- Page 73 ---

Probability
80-99% L M H H H
60-79% L M M H H
40-59% L L M M H
20-39% L L L M M

1-19% L L L L M
Insignificant Minor Moderate Major Business-Critical
Impact

H = High risk

M = Medium risk

L =Lowrisk

Risk analysis is followed by risk response and risk monitoring.
Our risk managers work in close cooperation with the business
owners, ensuring that effective strategies are implemented

to address risks. Risks may be reduced by taking active steps
based on risk approval. Business owners are responsible for
continuously monitoring the risks and the effectiveness

of mitigation strategies, with support from the respective risk
managers. To provide greater risk transparency and enable
appropriate decision making for business owners, we have
established a risk delegation of authority (RDOA) for relevant
parts of the organization as deemed appropriate. RDOA is a
risk management decision-making hierarchy that helps busi-
ness owners gain timely insight into SAP's riskiest projects and
processes, so they are better able to review the relevant
information, understand the risk profile and associated mitigation
strategies, and determine if their approval is warranted.
Depending on the exposure, approval is required at different

levels of the Company, up to and including the Executive Board.

124

All identified and relevant risks are reported at the local,
regional, and global levels in accordance with our risk
management policy. At local, regional, and global levels, we
have established executive risk councils that regularly discuss
risks and countermeasures and that monitor the success of
risk mitigation. In addition, the Executive Board and Global
Managing Board are informed quarterly about individual risks
based on clearly defined reporting criteria. Newly identified

or existing significant risks that are above a defined threshold
or with a potential significant impact are also reported to

the chairperson of the Supervisory Board and to the chairperson
of the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. This
includes any potential going concern risks.

We also have a process in place that analyzes those risks with
respect to potential effects on liquidity, excessive indebtedness,
and insolvency, which could be possible threats to the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 74 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION

Our risk management organization ensures the coverage of
the functions of risk management governance, strategic,
operational, financial, and compliance risk management, with
regard to SAP targets. The Global Governance, Risk & Compliance
(GRC) organization comprises a group-wide governance
function, which includes regular maintenance and implementation
of our risk management policy. The uniform process model
comprises all essential elements of risk management: risk
planning, risk identification, risk analysis, risk response, and
risk monitoring. This function is also responsible for
standardized risk reporting to risk committees at different levels
of the Company, including the Executive Board and Global
Managing Board as well as the chairpersons of the Supervisory
Board and the Audit Committee.

Our strategic risk management function is responsible for
enabling early identification and mitigation of risks that could
threaten the successful execution of SAP's strategic objectives.
It also supports the successful execution of our corporate
strategy by creating transparency regarding risks that could
threaten commercial interests or intangible assets such as
corporate or product reputation and brand image.

Operational and financial risk management is uniformly
implemented at SAP. GRC risk managers independent of the
business are assigned to each of SAP’s important business
units and business activities and to selected strategic initiatives.
All GRC risk managers, together with assigned risk contacts

in the business units, continuously identify and assess risks
associated with material business operations using a uniform
approach and monitor the implementation and effectiveness
of the measures chosen to mitigate risks. Further financial risk
management activities are performed by our Global Treasury
function.

Risk Report

For hybris, risk management activities are performed by the
chief financial officer and the head of internal controls, internal
audit, and risk management based on their particular area.
GRC risk managers are responsible for supporting and
monitoring the implementation of risk management across
the Group that is both effective and compliant with regulatory
requirements and SAP's global risk management policy. Based
on SAP's risk management policy, all risks and risk-related
matters have to be reported to the Global GRC organization,
and from an organizational perspective, all risk managers
(except for hybris) report to the Global GRC organization.

The head of Global GRC, together with the corresponding
function within SAP's acquired companies (such as hybris), is
responsible for SAP’s internal control and risk management
program, and provides regular updates to the Audit Committee
of the Supervisory Board. The overall risk profile of the Group is
consolidated by the head of Global GRC, who reports to

the head of Global Finance, who is a member of the Global
Managing Board and reports to the CFO.

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING BY THE GROUP

The purpose of a company’s system of internal control over
financial reporting is to ensure with sufficient certainty that its
financial reporting is reliable and in compliance with applicable
generally accepted accounting principles. Because of the
inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting,
it may not prevent or bring to light all potential misstatements
in our financial statements.

125


--- Page 75 ---

SAP's internal control and risk management system for
financial reporting (ICRMSFR) is based on our Group-wide risk
management methodology. The ICRMSFR includes organizational,
control, and monitoring structures designed to ensure that
data and information concerning our business is collected,
compiled, and analyzed in accordance with applicable laws
and properly reflected in the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements as well as in the stand-alone financial statements
of SAP subsidiaries according to local GAAP.

Our ICRMSFR also includes policies, procedures, and measures
designed to ensure compliance of SAP's financial reports

with applicable law and standards. We analyze new statutes,
standards, and other pronouncements, as failure to implement
them would present a substantial risk to the compliance of our
financial reporting. Finally, the ICRMSFR has both preventive
and detective controls, including, for example, automated and
non-automated reconciliations, segregated duties with two-
person responsibility, authorization concepts in our software
systems, and monitoring.

Our Corporate Financial Reporting department codifies all
accounting policies in the Group Accounting and Global Revenue
Recognition Guidelines. These policies and the corporate
closing schedule together define the closing process. Under this
closing process all affiliates prepare, partly supported by
centralized and outsourced services, their financial statements
for consolidation by our Corporate Financial Reporting office.
The corporate financial reporting department and other
corporate departments assist the local subsidiaries’ efforts to
comply with Group accounting policies and monitor their

work. Our corporate audit function and Corporate Financial
Reporting department conduct financial statement audits

of SAP subsidiaries.

126

The Corporate Financial Reporting department conducts all
of SAP's financial consolidation. We outsource some work,
such as valuing projected benefit obligations and share-based
payment obligations, as well as purchase price allocations in
the context of asset acquisitions and business combinations.
The employees who work on SAP's financial reporting receive
training in the policies and processes.

Acommittee chaired by the head of Global Finance and member
of the Global Managing Board, proposes the assessment
results on the effectiveness of the ICRMSFR each year as of
December 31 to the Group CFO based on an analysis of the
design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting. The committee meets regularly to set

the annual scope for the test of effectiveness, to evaluate any
ossible weaknesses in the controls, and to determine
measures to address them adequately. During its own meetings,
the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board regularly
scrutinizes the resulting assessments of the effectiveness of
the internal controls with respect to the IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements.

ts assessment of the effectiveness of SAP's internal controls
over financial reporting was that on December 31, 2013, the
Group has an effective internal control system over financial
reporting.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
GOVERNANCE

The Executive Board is responsible for ensuring the effectiveness
of the risk management and internal control system. The
effectiveness of both systems and their implementation in the
different Executive Board areas is monitored by each board
member. Our Group CFO regularly provides a status on the risk
management and the internal control system to the Audit
Committee. Key risks are reported quarterly to the chairpersons
of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee. The Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board regularly monitors the
effectiveness of SAP’s risk management and internal control
system. In this regard, they requested the Corporate Audit

Combined Management Report


--- Page 76 ---

department to regularly audit various aspects of the risk
management system and its effectiveness. Additional reassurance
will be obtained through the external audit of the effectiveness
of our internal control system over financial reporting and the
internal warning system.

SOFTWARE SOLUTION

We use our own risk management software (SAP solutions for
GRC) to effectively support the governance process. Risk
managers record and address identified risks using our risk
management software to create transparency across all known
risks that exist in the Group, as well as to facilitate risk
management and the associated risk reporting. This information
is available to managers through a mobile app as well as
regularly issued reports, and is consolidated and aggregated
for the quarterly report to the Executive Board and the
Global Managing Board. The solution also supports the
risk-based approach of SAP's internal control and risk
management system for financial reporting (ICRMSFR).

RISK FACTORS

The following sections outline risk factors that we identify and
track using our risk management software (SAP solutions for
GRC). They are presented below at a more aggregated level

as compared to their use in internal controlling, but are broken
down by the same risk categories we also use in our internal
risk management system reporting structure. All described
risks are applicable to different extent to all of our segments
(On-Premise Products, On-Premise Services, Cloud Applications,
and Ariba) unless otherwise noted.

SAP AG is the parent company of the SAP Group. Consequently,

the risks described below also apply — directly or indirectly — to
SAP AG.

Risk Report

Economic, Political, Social, and Regulatory Risk

Uncertainty in the global economy, financial markets, or
political conditions could have a negative impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, and put
pressure on our operating profit.

Our business is influenced by multiple risk factors that are both
difficult to predict and beyond our influence and control. These
factors include global economic and business conditions and
fluctuations in national currencies. Other examples are political
developments and general regulations, as well as budgetary
constraints or shifts in spending priorities of national
governments.

Macroeconomic developments, such as a global economic
crisis, chronic fiscal imbalances and slowing economic
conditions in emerging markets, might decrease the ability of
our customers to invest in our solutions. In addition, changes in
the euro rates for particular currencies might have an adverse
effect on business activities with local customers and partners.
All of this could have an adverse effect on our business results,
financial condition, profitability or expected growth, and could
have an adverse effect on our stock price. Furthermore, political
instabilities in regions such as the Middle East and Africa, and
natural disasters, contribute to economic and political
uncertainty that could also have an adverse effect on our
business results, financial condition, profitability, and expected
growth.

This could have an adverse effect on our customers’ ability and
willingness to make investments in our products and services.
These events could reduce the demand for SAP software and
services, and lead to:

127


--- Page 77 ---

— Delays in purchases, decreased deal size, or cancelations
of proposed investments

— Higher credit barriers for customers, reducing their ability
to finance software purchases

— Increased number of bankruptcies among customers,
business partners, and key suppliers

— Increased default risk, which may lead to significant
impairment charges in the future

— Market disruption from aggressive competitive behavior,
acquisitions, or business practices

— Increased price competition and demand for cheaper
product and services

This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures and dedicated task forces to
address and mitigate the described risks and adverse effects to
the extent possible. We offer our customers standard software
and product packages that are fast and easy to install, as

well as attractive financing models. Furthermore, we continue to
apply cost discipline internally and have a conservative financial
planning policy. Additionally, SAP is continuously reshaping our
organizational structure and processes to increase efficiency.

We estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
likely. Therefore, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
of it having a business-critical impact on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows. This could exacerbate the other
risks we describe in this report or cause a negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this
risk as a high risk.

128

Our international business activities expose us to numerous
and sometimes even conflicting regulatory requirements,
and to risks that could harm our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

We are a global company and currently market our products

and services in more than 180 countries and territories in the

Americas (including Latin America and North America), APJ,

and EMEA regions. Our business in these countries is subject

to numerous risks inherent in international business operations.

Among others, these risks include:

— Conflict and overlap among tax regimes

— Possible tax constraints impeding business operations in
certain countries

— Expenses associated with the localization of our products
and compliance with local regulatory requirements

— Discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies

— Operational difficulties in countries with a high corruption
perception index

— Protectionist trade policies and regulations for import and
export

— Works councils, labor unions, and immigration laws in
different countries

— Data protection and privacy in regard to access by govern-
ment authorities to customer, partner, or employee data

— Difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual
rights in certain jurisdictions

— Country-specific software certification requirements

As we expand further into new countries and markets, these
risks could intensify. The compliance with applicable laws and
regulations to our business is sometimes unclear, subject to
change over time, and sometimes may conflict between different
jurisdictions. Additionally these laws and governments’
approach to enforcement, as well as our products and services,
are continuing to change and evolve. Compliance with these
types of regulation may involve significant costs or require
changes in products or business practices. Non-compliance
could result in penalties being imposed on us or orders that we
stop the alleged noncompliant activity. One or more of these
factors could have an adverse effect on our operations globally
or in one or more countries or regions, which could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 78 ---

We address these risks with various measures depending on
the circumstances, including, for example, a strong legal and
compliance office presence in the main countries, maintaining
an effective Data Protection and Privacy Office and associated
policy, receiving guidance from external economics consultants,
law firms, tax advisors, and authorities in the concerned
countries, and taking legal actions.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a major impact on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

Social and political instability caused by state-based
conflicts, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, war, or international
hostilities, as well as pandemic disease outbreaks or natural
disasters, may disrupt SAP’s business operations.

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, civil and
political unrest (such as in the Middle East and parts of Africa),
or natural disasters (such as hurricanes, flooding, or similar
events) could have a significant adverse effect on the related
economy or beyond. Such an event could lead, for example, to
the loss of a significant number of our employees, or to the
disruption or disablement of operations at our locations, and
could affect our ability to provide business services and
maintain effective business operations. Furthermore, this could
have a significant adverse effect on our partners as well as

our customers and their investment decisions, which could
have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows.

Our mitigation measures have been designed and imple-
mented to minimize such adverse effects. To ensure continuous
operations of all critical business processes, we have been
implementing and operating a worldwide business continuity
management and crisis management system. To enable
effective response and minimize possible losses in case of crisis
situations, we have installed local crisis management teams

at our main locations, supplemented by regional crisis man-
agement teams for the Americas (including Latin America and
North America), APJ, and EMEA regions, and a global crisis
management team.

Risk Report

To protect our key IT infrastructure, critical business systems,
and processes from material adverse effects in crisis situations,
disaster recovery and business continuity plans have been
developed that include implementation of data redundancies
and daily data backup strategies. To verify and improve our
approach, our Global IT organization has been certified to the
internationally recognized ISO 22301:2013 (Business Continuity
Management) standard. In addition, our corporate head-
quarters, which includes certain critical business functions, is
located in the German state of Baden-Wuerttemberg. This
area has historically been free of natural disasters.

We believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is
remote; however, we cannot exclude the possibility of such a
risk occurring and having a business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows,
or causing a negative deviation from our revenue and operating
profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Market Risks

Our established customers might not buy additional
software solutions, renew maintenance agreements,
purchase additional professional services, or they might
switch to other products or service offerings (including
competitive products).

In 2013, we offered a wide range of support services including
SAP MaxAttention, SAP Enterprise Support, and SAP Product
Support for Large Enterprises. We continue to depend materially
on the success of our support portfolio and on our ability to
deliver high-quality services. Traditionally, our large installed
customer base generates additional new software, maintenance,
consulting, and training revenue. Existing customers might
cancel or not renew their maintenance contracts, decide not to

129


--- Page 79 ---

buy additional products and services, switch to subscription
models, or accept alternative offerings from other vendors,
which could have an adverse effect on our maintenance
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

Working closely with SAP user groups, we continuously
monitor the performance and the perceived value of our
support and the satisfaction of our customers. We implement
mitigating steps where required.

We estimate the probability of this risk materializing to be
remote, but we cannot completely exclude the possibility that it
could have a business-critical impact on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. Overall, we classify
this risk as medium risk. This risk factor relates only to our
On-Premise Product and On-Premise Services segments.

The success of our cloud computing strategy depends on
an increasing market adoption of the cloud solutions and
managed cloud services. Insufficient adoption of our
solutions and services could lead to a loss of SAP’s position
as a leading cloud company.

The market for cloud computing is increasing and shows strong
growth relative to the market for our on-premise solutions. To
offer a broad cloud service portfolio and generate the associ-
ated business value for our customers, we have acquired cloud
computing companies such as SuccessFactors and Ariba. Due
to ongoing contracts and previous substantial investments

to integrate traditional on-premise enterprise software into their
businesses, customers and partners might be reluctant or
unwilling to migrate to the cloud.

130

Other factors that could affect the market acceptance of cloud

solutions include:

— Concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage
critical employee or company confidential data

— Customer concerns about security capabilities and reliability

— Customer concerns about the ability to scale operations for
large enterprise customers

— The level of configurability or customizability of the software

- Missing integration scenarios between on-premise products
and cloud-to-cloud solutions

If organizations do not perceive the benefits of cloud computing,
the market for cloud business might not develop further,

or it may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position,
profit, reputation and cash flows.

Among measures to communicate and demonstrate the value
and the benefits of our cloud solutions to the market, we
significantly invest in infrastructure and processes that ensure
secure operations of our cloud solutions including compliance
with all local legal regulations regarding data protection and
privacy as well as data security.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows,
or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and operating
profit target. We classify the risk as a medium risk. This

risk factor relates only to the Cloud Applications and Ariba
segments.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 80 ---

Our market share and profit could decline due to increased
competition, market consolidation and technological
innovation, and new business models in the software industry.

The software industry continues to evolve rapidly and is
currently undergoing a significant shift due to innovations in
the areas of mobile, Big Data, cloud computing, and social
media. While smaller innovative companies tend to create new
markets continuously, large traditional IT vendors tend to
enter such markets mostly through acquisitions.

SAP faces increased competition in its business environment
from traditional as well as new competitors. This could result
in increased price pressure, cost increases, and loss of market
share, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. Additionally customers
could change their buying behavior by accelerating their
acceptance of cloud solutions to reduce their investments.
Furthermore, the trend in the market to invest more in cloud
solutions might lead to a risk related to the potential loss of
existing on-premise customers. It may also have a temporary
adverse effect on our revenue due to conversions from
on-premise licenses to cloud subscriptions from existing SAP
customers in our installed base.

We believe we will be able to protect our leadership in the
market if we continue to execute successfully on our customer-
centric innovation strategy, which is driven by a mix of organic
growth, targeted acquisitions, and attractive cloud solution
offerings. To compete successfully in the market, we continuously
enhance our global processes and adjust our organizational
structures.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this

risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a moderate impact on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a low risk.

Risk Report

Business Strategy Risks

Demand for our new solutions may not develop as
planned and our strategy on new business models and
flexible consumption models may not be successful.

Our software business consists of new software licenses,
software license updates, and support and maintenance fees,
as well as of cloud software subscriptions. Our customers are
looking to take advantage of technological breakthroughs from
SAP without compromising their previous IT investments.
However, the introduction of new SAP solutions, technologies,
and business models are subject to uncertainties as to whether
customers will be able to realize the expected benefits.
Uncertainty may lead customers to wait for reference customers
first, which might result in a lower level of adoption of our

new solutions, technologies, business models and flexible
consumption models, or no adoption at all. This could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows.

To mitigate this risk, SAP is balancing the distribution of

its strategic investments by evolving and protecting its core
businesses and simultaneously developing new solutions,
technologies, and business models for markets, such as mobile,
cloud, database and technology, and social media. Furthermore,
we focus on the design and provision of attractive solution
offers to our customers as well as the provision of support
excellence to ensure customer satisfaction with and after the
implementation of our solution.

131


--- Page 81 ---

We estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
remote, but cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have a major impact on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. We classify
this risk as a low risk.

Our Cloud organization recognizes subscription and support
revenue from our customers over the term of their agreements,
and our business depends substantially on customers
renewing their agreements and purchasing additional
modules or user licenses from SAP as a cloud provider.
Also, any downturns or upturns in cloud sales may not be
immediately reflected in our operating results, and any
decline in our customer renewals would harm the future
operating results of the cloud business.

We recognize cloud subscription and support revenue over the
duration of our cloud business customer agreements, which
typically range from one to three years with some up to five
years. As a result, most of the respective revenue recognized
in a given period originates from agreements entered into in
earlier periods. Consequently, a shortfall in demand for our
cloud portfolio in any period may not significantly impact our
cloud subscription and support revenue for that quarter, but
could have an adverse effect on targeted cloud subscription
and support revenue in future periods.

To maintain or improve our operating results in the cloud
business, it is important that our customers renew their
agreements with us when the initial contract term expires and
purchase additional modules or additional users. Our customers
have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the initial
subscription period, and we cannot assure that customers

will renew subscriptions at the same or at a higher level of
service, or at all.

132

Our customers’ renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a
result of anumber of factors, including their satisfaction or
dissatisfaction with our cloud product portfolio, our customer
support, concerns on efficient and secure cloud operations and
in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, our pricing,
the prices of competing products or services, mergers and
acquisitions affecting our customer base, the effects of global
economic conditions, or reductions in our customers’ spending
levels. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew
on less favorable terms, or fail to purchase additional modules
or users, our revenue and billings may decline, and we may

not realize significantly improved operating results from our
customer base. This could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

In order to continuously improve our services we closely monitor
any issue and work together with customers to perform a root
cause analysis and provide a solution. Furthermore, we are
adapting cloud service delivery to local and/or specific market
requirements such as local or regional data centers.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be remote, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have a major impact on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this
risk as a low risk. This risk factor relates only to our Cloud
Applications and Ariba segments.

If we are unable to scale and enhance an effective
partner ecosystem, increased revenue already included in
our forecast might be endangered.

An open and vibrant partner ecosystem is a fundamental

pillar of our success and growth strategy. We have entered into
partnership agreements that drive co-innovation on our
platforms, profitably expand all our routes-to-market to optimize
market coverage, and provide high-quality services capacity in
all market segments. Partners play a key role in driving market
adoption of our entire solutions portfolio, by co-innovating on
our platforms, embedding our technology, and reselling and/or
implementing our software.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 82 ---

If partners consider our products less strategic and/or

financially less attractive or if SAP fails to establish a network

of qualified partners that meet our quality requirements and

the requirements of our customers, then, among other things,

partners might not:

— Develop a sufficient number of new solutions and content on
our platforms

— Provide high-quality products and services to our customers

— Drive growth of references by creating customer use cases
and demo systems

— Sufficiently embed our solutions to profitably drive product
adoption, especially with new innovations like SAP HANA

— Enable and train sufficient resources to promote sell and
support to scale into targeted markets

— Comply with applicable laws and regulations, resulting in
delayed, disrupted, or terminated sales and services

— Renew their existing agreements with us or enter into new
agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all.

If one or more of these risks materialize, this may have an
adverse effect on the demand for our products and services.
As aresult we may not be able to scale our business to compete
successfully with other software vendors, which could have

an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

SAP continues to invest in long-term, mutually beneficial
relationships and agreements with partners. We continue to
develop and enhance a wide range of partner programs to
retain existing and attract new partners of all types. We offer
training opportunities to a wide range of resources for

our partners. A thorough certification process for third-party
solutions has been designed and established to ensure
consistent high-quality and seamless integration.

Risk Report

Although we consider this risk to be unlikely in view of our
partner strategy, we cannot exclude the possibility that this risk
could have a major impact on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target if it

were to materialize. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Human Capital Risks

If we do not effectively manage our geographically
dispersed workforce, we may not be able to run our
business efficiently and successfully.

Our success is dependent on appropriate alignment of our
internal and external workforce planning processes and our
location strategy with our general strategy. It is critical that we
manage our internationally dispersed workforce effectively,
taking short and long-term workforce and skill requirements
into consideration. This applies to the management of our
internal as well as our external workforce. Changes in headcount
and infrastructure needs could result in a mismatch between
our expenses and revenue. Failure to manage our geographically
dispersed workforce effectively could hinder our ability to run
our business efficiently and successfully and could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows.

133


--- Page 83 ---

We are focusing on mitigating this risk through a range of
activities including succession management; workforce planning
(which aims to achieve diversity and the right mix of talent
and to take account of demographic changes); outsourcing;
external short-term staffing; employer branding; career
management (such as offering opportunities for short-term
assignments and opportunities to improve skills, competencies,
and qualifications); and extended benefit programs — for
example, a performance-oriented remuneration system, an
employer-financed pension plan in certain countries, and
long-term incentive plans.

We estimate this risk to be a remote possibility, but we cannot
underestimate its potential to have a major impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause
a negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

If we are unable to attract, develop, and retain leaders and
employees with specialized knowledge and technology
skills, or are unable to achieve internal diversity and
inclusion objectives, we might not be able to manage our
operations effectively and successfully, or develop
successful new solutions and services.

Our highly qualified workforce is the foundation for our continued
success. Competition in our industry for highly skilled and
specialized personnel and leaders, both male and female, is
intense. In certain regions and specific technology and solution
areas, we have set ambitious growth targets, specifically in
countries such as Brazil, China, and Russia. If we are unable to
identify, attract, develop, motivate, adequately compensate,
and retain well-qualified personnel, both male and female, or if
existing highly skilled and specialized personnel leave SAP and
ready successors or adequate replacements are not available,
we may not be able to manage our operations effectively, which
could have an adverse effect on our reputation and our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. Furthermore, we may
not be able to develop, sell, or implement successful new
solutions and services as planned. This is particularly true as

134

we continue to introduce new and innovative technology offerings
and expand our business in emerging markets. Missing or
inadequately executed benefit and compensation programs
could limit SAP’s ability to attract or retain qualified employees
and lead to financial losses. In addition, we might not be able
to achieve our internal gender diversity objectives to increase
the number of women in management from 18% in 2010 to
25% by 2017. Finally, hiring such personnel could expose us to
claims by other companies seeking to prevent their employees
from working for a competitor.

hese risks notwithstanding, we continue to believe our leading
market position, employer brand, and extended benefit pro-
grams will enable us to hire top talent internationally with the
tential to contribute to SAP's growing business success in
the future. We address the risk of an adverse effect on our
usiness operations from a failure to recruit the employees we
need or from the loss of leaders and employees by seeking to
uild employee and leadership strengths through a range of
targeted professional development, mentoring, and coaching
rograms, a gender diversity program, and a special focus on
accelerated high-potential employee development that aims
to develop talent as well as leadership talent, in particular. A
strong focus on succession planning for leadership and key
sitions seeks for sustainable leadership and to safeguard the
usiness from disruption caused by staff turnover.

Although the risks related to failure to attract, develop, and
retain talent could materialize, we believe that this is unlikely
and that the impact on our reputation, business, financial
osition, profit, and cash flows, or potential negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target would be
moderate. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 84 ---

Organizational and Governance-Related Risks

Laws and regulatory requirements in Germany, the United
States, and elsewhere have become much more stringent.

As a stock corporation domiciled in Germany with securities
listed in Germany and the United States, we are subject

to German, U.S., and other governance-related regulatory
requirements. Changes in laws and regulations and related
interpretations, including changes in accounting standards and
taxation requirements and increased enforcement actions
and penalties may alter the business environment in which we
operate. Regulatory requirements have become significantly
more stringent in recent years, and some legislation, such

as the anticorruption legislation in Germany, the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, and other local
laws prohibiting corrupt payments by employees, vendors,
distributors, or agents, is being applied more rigorously.
Emerging markets are a significant focus of our international
growth strategy. The nature of these markets presents a
number of inherent risks. A failure by us to comply with
applicable laws and regulations, or any related allegations of
wrongdoing against us, whether merited or not, could have

an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit,
cash flows and reputation.

It is difficult to assess the precise potential risk, because there
is a wide variety of complex legal and regulatory requirements
that apply, and therefore an equally wide variety of potential
non-compliance scenarios exist.

However, we continuously monitor new regulatory requirements,
updated or new enforcement trends, and publicly available
information on compliance issues in the computer software
industry, the emerging markets where we invest our resources,
and in the business environment in general. Based on this
information and any other available sources, we continuously
update and refresh our compliance programs to achieve

the most effective approach possible and to ensure that our
employees understand and comply with the SAP Code of
Business Conduct. This process is coordinated by our Global
Compliance Office, a team of dedicated resources that are

Risk Report

tasked with managing our policy-related compliance measures.
Our chief compliance officer coordinates policy implementation,
training, and enforcement efforts throughout SAP. Those
efforts are monitored and tracked to allow trending and risk
analysis and to ensure consistent policy application throughout
the Group. Despite our comprehensive compliance programs
and established internal controls, intentional efforts of individuals
to circumvent controls or engage in fraud for personal gains
cannot always be prevented.

Although we estimate the likelihood of this risk to be remote,
we cannot completely exclude the possibility that this risk
could have a major impact on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a low risk.

Non-compliance with applicable data protection and privacy
laws or failure to adequately meet the requirements of
SAP's customers with respect to our products and services
could lead to civil liabilities and fines, as well as loss of
customers and damage to SAP's reputation.

As a global software and service provider, SAP is required to
comply with the laws in the locations where SAP does business.
SAP and its subsidiaries are facing a surge of data protection
and privacy laws and regulations around the world, with further
changes to be expected in the future, for example, by the
European Data Protection Regulation proposed by the European
Commission. These laws and regulations amend and supplement
existing requirements regarding the processing of personal data
that SAP and SAP customers must fulfill and which we

must consequently address with our products and services.

135


--- Page 85 ---

Failure to comply with applicable laws or to adequately address

rivacy concerns of customers, even if unfounded, could lead
to investigations by supervisory authorities, civil liability, fines,
(in the future, potentially calculated based on the Company’s
annual turnover), loss of customers, damage to our reputation,
and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
osition, profit, and cash flows.

To mitigate these risks, SAP actively monitors changes to laws
and regulations so we can take adequate measures and certify
our existing standards and policies on an ongoing basis. We
ave implemented a wide range of measures to protect data
controlled by SAP and our customers from unauthorized access
and processing, as well as from accidental loss or destruction.
We have implemented a certified Data Protection Management
System in data protection critical areas including support, HR,
global services, marketing, application innovation, and custom
development, whereby implementation is audited internally

and externally by the British Standard Institutions on an annual

basis. Furthermore, customers are provided with security

certifications (such as ISO 2700

reports from our independent auditors and certification bodies.

We estimate this risk to be unlikel

), security white papers, and

ly, but cannot rule out the

possibility of it having a business-critical impact on our business,

financial position, profit, and cas!

flows, causing damage

to our reputation, or causing a negative deviation from our
revenue and operating profit target. We classify this risk as a

medium risk.

136

Failure to respond to meet customer, partner, or other
stakeholder expectations or generally accepted standards
on climate change, energy constraints, and our social
investment strategy could negatively impact SAP's business,
results of operations, and reputation.

Energy and emissions management are an integral component

of our holistic management of social, environmental, and

economic risks and opportunities. We have identified risks in

these major areas:

— Our solutions and green IT

— Our own operations — energy management and other
environmental issues such as carbon management, water
use, and waste

Because our customers, employees, and investors expect a
reliable energy and carbon strategy, we have reemphasized our
previously communicated targets, especially our 2020 target
for greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, our customers
might no longer recognize SAP for its environmental leadership
and might buy other vendors’ products and services. Consequently,
we could fail to achieve our revenue target. If we do not meet
stakeholder expectations in the areas identified, our rating in
sustainable investment indices might decrease, which could
have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows.

In recent years, SAP has shown that it is possible to take a
proactive position on social and environmental issues while
delivering robust financial growth. As a result, we received
great recognition for our sustainability efforts. As a proof point
for SAP's sustainability performance, we continue to be listed
in the most prominent and recognized sustainability indices,
such as the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes and the
Sustainability Leadership Report by Brandlogic. As we did not
meet our greenhouse gas emissions target of 460 kilotons
for 2013, we might fail to meet expectations regarding our
energy and emission performance.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 86 ---

However, we believe that the risk of failing to meet expectations
regarding our energy and emission strategy is unlikely to occur
and that if the risk were to occur, it would only have a moderate
impact on our reputation, business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows, as well as on the achievement of our revenue
and operating profit target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Unethical behavior and non-compliance with our integrity
standards due to intentional and fraudulent behavior

of employees could harm our business, financial position,
profit, and reputation.

SAP's leadership position in the global market is founded on
the long-term and sustainable trust of our stakeholders
worldwide. Our heritage is one of corporate transparency, open
communication with financial markets, and adherence to
recognized standards of business integrity. The SAP Code of
Business Conduct, adopted by the Executive Board on January
29, 2003, put into words the already existing guidelines and
expectations for the business behavior practiced at SAP.
However, we may encounter unethical behavior and non-
compliance with our integrity standards due to intentional and
fraudulent behavior of individual employees, possibly in collusion
with external third parties. In addition to intentional behavior,
problems could also arise due to negligence in the adherence
to rules and regulations. Unethical behavior and misconduct
attributable to SAP could not only lead to criminal charges, fines
and claims by injured parties, but also to financial loss, and
severe reputational damage. This could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

To help prevent this, we instituted a comprehensive compliance
management system (CMS), which is based on the three pillars
of prevention, detection, and reaction. Our CMS program
comprises several educational, counseling, control, and investi-
gative instruments. The objective is to minimize and mitigate
the risk of unethical behavior, whether intentional or negligent.
The SAP Code of Business Conduct is mandatory and applies

Risk Report

to every employee. It provides legal compliance guidance on
how to avoid unethical behavior and solve dilemma situations.
On a yearly basis, the SAP Code of Business Conduct is
re-confirmed by SAP's workforce (except where disallowed by
local legal regulations). We also rolled out and enforce various
additional compliance policies aimed at managing third parties
and preventing misuse of third-party payments for illegal purposes;
ensuring controls around travel, entertainment, gift, and
expense policies; and pushing out a commitment to business
with integrity through our partner and vendor ecosystems.
These efforts are flanked by continuous education including
e-learning and classroom training to target audiences as
identified by compliance risk assessment. The overall CMS
approach by SAP is continuously monitored internally and
externally, and adapted accordingly, if needed.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of intentional
or negligent major unethical conduct to be remote, we cannot
exclude the possibility that this risk could materialize. In that
event, this risk could have a major impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows and could
cause a negative deviation from our operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a low risk.

Communication and Information Risks

Our controls and efforts to prevent the unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information might not always be
effective.

Confidential or strictly confidential information that is related
to topics such as our strategy, new technologies, mergers and
acquisitions, unpublished financial results, or personal data,
could be prematurely or inadvertently disclosed. This could
require us to notify multiple regulatory agencies and, where

137


--- Page 87 ---

appropriate, the data owner, which could result in a loss of
reputation for SAP. For example, leaked information during a
merger or acquisition deal could cause the loss of our deal
target, or our share price could decline in case of prematurely
published financial results. This could have an adverse effect
on our market position and lead to fines and penalties. In
addition, this could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows.

We take a wide range of actions to prevent classified confidential
information from unauthorized disclosure, including procedural
and organizational measures. These measures include mandatory
security awareness training for all employees, standards

for safe internal and external communication, and technical
security features in our IT hardware and communication

channels, such as mandatory encryption of sensitive data.

Although we estimate the likelihood of occurrence of this risk
to be remote, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have a business-critical impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a
negative deviation from our operating profit target. We classify
this risk as a medium risk.

Financial Risks

Our sales are subject to quarterly fluctuations and our sales
forecasts may not be accurate.

Our revenue and operating results can vary and have varied in

the past, sometimes substantially, from quarter to quarter.

Our revenue in general, and in particular our software revenue,

is difficult to forecast for a number of reasons, including:

— The relatively long sales cycles for our products

- The large size, complexity, and extended timing of individual
license transactions

— The introduction of new licensing and deployment models
such as cloud subscription models

138

— The timing of the introduction of new products or product
enhancements by SAP or our competitors

— Changes in customer budgets

— Decreased software sales that could have an adverse effect
on related maintenance and services revenue

— The timing, size, and length of a customer's services projects

— Deployment models that require the recognition of revenue
over an extended period of time

— Seasonality of a customer's technology purchases

— Limited visibility into the ability of acquired companies to
accurately predict their sales pipelines and the likelihood that
the projected pipeline will convert favorably into sales

— Other general economic, social, environmental, and market
conditions, such as the global economic crisis and the
current difficulties for countries with large debt

Since many of our customers make their IT purchasing
decisions near the end of calendar quarters, and with a
significant percentage of those decisions being made during
our fourth quarter, even a small delay in purchasing decisions
for our on-premise software could have an adverse effect

on our revenue results for a given year. Our dependence on
large transactions has decreased in recent years with a trend
towards an increased number of transactions coupled with a
decrease in deal size. However, the loss or delay of one or a few
large opportunities, which are still characteristic of the

large enterprise segment, could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

We use a “pipeline” system to forecast sales and trends in our
business. Pipeline analysis informs and guides our business
planning, budgeting, and forecasting, but pipeline estimates do
not necessarily consistently correlate to revenue in a particular
quarter, potentially due to one or more of the reasons outlined
above. The reliability of our plans, budgets, and forecasts may
therefore be compromised. Because our operating expenses
are based upon anticipated revenue levels and a high percent-
age of our expenses are relatively fixed in the near term, any

Combined Management Report


--- Page 88 ---

shortfall in anticipated revenue or delay in revenue recognition
could result in significant variations in our operating results
from quarter to quarter or year to year. Continued deterioration
in global economic conditions would make it increasingly
difficult for us to accurately forecast demand for our products
and services, and could cause our revenue, operating results,
and cash flows to fall short of our expectations and public
forecasts. This could have an adverse effect on our stock price.
To the extent any future expenditure fails to generate the
anticipated increase in revenue, our quarterly or annual operating
results may be subject to an adverse effect and may vary
significantly compared to preceding or subsequent periods.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this

risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a moderate impact on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a low risk.

External factors could impact our liquidity and increase
the default risk associated with, and the valuation of, our
financial assets.

Macroeconomic factors such as an economic downturn could
have an adverse effect on our future liquidity. We use a globally
centralized financial management to control financial risk,
such as liquidity, exchange rate, interest rate, counterparty, and
equity price risks. The primary aim is to maintain liquidity in
the Group at a level that is adequate to meet our obligations at
any time. Our total group liquidity was €2,841 million on
December 31, 2013. This position is supported by our strong
operating cash flows, of which a large part is recurring, and

by credit facilities on which we can draw if necessary. However,
adverse macroeconomic factors could increase the default
risk associated with our total group liquidity. This could have
an impact on the valuation of our financial assets, which could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

Risk Report

SAP's investment policy with regard to total group liquidity is
set out in our internal treasury guideline document, which is a
collection of uniform rules that apply globally to all companies
in the Group. Among its stipulations, it requires that with limited
exceptions we invest only in assets and funds rated BBB flat
or better. The weighted average rating of the investments of
our total group liquidity is in the range A to A-. We continue to
pursue a policy of cautious investment characterized by wide
portfolio diversification with a variety of counterparties,
predominantly short-term investments, and standard invest-
ment instruments.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be remote, there can be no assurance that the prescribed
measures will be successful or that uncertainty in global
economic conditions could not have a business-critical impact
on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows or
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Management's use of estimates could negatively affect our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

To comply with IFRS, management is required to make many
judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the
reported financial figures. The facts and circumstances as well
as assumptions on which management bases these estimates
and judgments, and management's judgment regarding the
facts and circumstances may change from time to time and
this could result in significant changes in the estimates and
judgments and consequently in the reported financials. Such
changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
position, profit and cash flows.

We have a number of control procedures in place to make sure

that our estimates and judgments are appropriate. For example,
we apply two-person verification to significant estimating.

139


--- Page 89 ---

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of the risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility of
a major impact on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows, or a negative deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Current and future accounting pronouncements and other
financial reporting standards, especially but not only
concerning revenue recognition, may negatively impact the
financial results we present.

We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial
reporting standards and review new pronouncements and
drafts thereof that are relevant to us. As a result of new standards,
changes to existing standards, and changes in their
interpretation, we might be required to change our accounting
policies, particularly concerning revenue recognition, to alter
our operational policies so that they reflect new or amended
financial reporting standards, or to restate our published financial
statements. Such changes may have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, and profit, or cause an
adverse deviation from our revenue and operating profit target.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of the risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility of a
major impact. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Because we conduct operations throughout the world,
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows may
be affected by currency and interest rate fluctuations.

Our Group-wide management reporting and our external
financial reporting are both in euros. Nevertheless, a significant
portion of our business is conducted in currencies other

than the euro. Approximately 71% of our revenue in 2013 was
attributable to operations outside the euro area and was
translated into euros. Consequently, period-over-period changes
in the euro rates for particular currencies can significantly
affect our reported revenue and income. In general, appreciation
of the euro relative to another currency has an adverse effect
while depreciation of the euro relative to another currency has

140

a positive effect. Variable interest balance-sheet items are also
subject to changes in interest rates. Such changes may have an
adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit and
cash flows or cause an adverse deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target.

For more information about our currency and interest rate
risks and our related hedging activity, see the Notes to

the Consolidated Financial Statements section, No
and (25)

(24

We continuously monitor our exposure to currency fluctuation
risks based on balance-sheet items and expected cash flows,
and pursue a Group-wide foreign exchange risk management
strategy using, for example, derivative financial instruments
as appropriate. With regard to our financial debt, we have a
very balanced maturity profile and mixture of fixed and floating
interest rate arrangements in place.

We believe that the likelihood of this risk of significant currency
and interest rate fluctuations materializing is remote and that
if the risk were to occur, its impact on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows could be major, or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit target.
We classify this risk as a low risk.

For more information about risks arising from financial
instruments, including our currency and interest-rate risks and
our related hedging activity, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, 4) to (25)

The cost of using derivative instruments to hedge share-
based payments may exceed the benefits of hedging them.

We use derivative instruments to reduce the impact of our
share-based payments on our income statement and to limit
future expense associated with those plans. We decide
case-by-case whether and to what extent we should hedge this
risk. The expense of hedging the share-based payments could
exceed the benefit achieved by hedging them. On the other
hand, a decision to leave the plans materially unhedged could

Combined Management Report


--- Page 90 ---

prove disadvantageous. This could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position, profit and cash flows or

cause an adverse deviation from our revenue and operating
profit target.

We believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is remote
and that if the risk were to occur, its potential impact on our
business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and operating
profit target would be minor. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Project Risks

Implementation of SAP software often involves a significant
commitment of resources by our customers and is subject
to a number of significant risks over which we often have no
control.

Acore element of our business is the successful implementation
of software solutions to enable our customers to make their
business a best-run business. The implementation of SAP
software is led by SAP, by partners, by customers, or by a
combination thereof. Depending on various factors, such as the
complexity of solutions, the customer's implementation and
integration needs or the resources required, SAP faces a
number of different risks. For example, functional requirement
changes, delays in timeline, or deviation from recommended
best practices may occur during the course of a project. These
scenarios have a direct impact on the project resource model
and on securing adequate internal personnel or consultants in
a timely manner and could therefore prove challenging.

As aresult of these and other risks, SAP and/or some of our
customers have incurred significant implementation costs in
connection with the purchase and installation of SAP software
products. Some customers’ implementations have taken
longer than planned. We cannot guarantee that we can reduce
or eliminate protracted installation or significant third-party
consulting costs, that trained consultants will be readily available,
that our costs will not exceed the fees agreed in fixed-price
contracts, or that customers will be satisfied with the
implementation of our software and solutions. Unsuccessful,
lengthy, or costly customer implementation and integration

Risk Report

projects could result in claims from customers, harm SAP’s
reputation, and could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows.

Our customers continue to follow project approaches to
optimize their IT solutions in a non-disruptive manner. Our
projects also include risk management processes that are
integrated into SAP project management methods intended to
safeguard implementations with coordinated risk and quality
management programs. In our opinion, we make adequate
financial planning provisions for the remaining individual risks.

We estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
unlikely, but we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have a major negative impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause

a negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a medium risk. This risk factor
relates only to our On-Premise Services, Ariba, and Cloud
Applications segments.

Product and Technology Risks

There is a risk that undetected security vulnerabilities
shipped and deployed within our software products might
cause damage to SAP and our customers.

Customer systems or systems operated by SAP itself to provide
services could potentially be compromised by vulnerabilities

if they are exploited by hackers. This could lead to theft,
destruction, or abuse of data, or systems could be rendered
unusable (such as denial of service attack). The detection of
security vulnerabilities in our software, our customers’ systems,
or SAP systems used in the provision of services, especially

in case of exploitation, could prevent us from meeting our
contractual obligations and subsequently might lead to customer
claims and reputational damage, which might have an adverse
effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

141


--- Page 91 ---

SAP has implemented a software security development lifecycle
as a mandatory integral part of our software development
process. We systematically use methods to develop secure
software in all development phases starting early in the design
phase. This includes industry best practices such as automated
security source code scans, mandatory security training for

all developers, and solid testing and validation of our products,
patches, and services before shipment.

SAP has a software security response process in place to
rapidly react to detected vulnerabilities and provide fixes.
We have also improved the roll-out procedures for security-
relevant notes, patches, and service packs to ensure easy
and fast consumption on the customer side.

We cannot completely exclude the possibility of a negative
impact on our customers’ or our own operations globally or in
one or more countries or regions. We estimate the probability
of occurrence of the risk of severe customer and SAP damages
to be unlikely. If such an occurrence happens, it could have a
business-critical impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows as well as on the achievement
of our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this risk
as amedium risk.

142

Undetected defects in the introduction of new products and
product enhancements could increase our costs, and reduce
customer demand.

To achieve market acceptance and high customer satisfaction,
our new products and product enhancements often require
long development and testing periods. Development work and
market introduction are subject to risks. For example, products
might not completely meet our stringent high-quality standards,
including security standards, might not fulfill market needs or
customer expectations, or might not comply with local standards
and requirements. Furthermore, this risk also exists with respect
to acquired companies’ technologies and products where we
might not be able to manage these as quickly and successfully
as expected. Therefore, market launches, entering new markets,
or the introduction of new innovations could be delayed or not
be successful.

Also, new products could contain undetected defects or they
might not be mature enough from the customer's point of view
for business-critical solutions. The detection and correction

of any defects after shipment could be expensive and time
consuming and we might not be able to meet the expectations
of customers regarding time and quality in the defect resolution
process. In some circumstances, we might not be in a position
to rectify such defects or entirely meet the expectations of
customers, specifically as we are expanding our product
portfolio into additional markets. As a result, we might be faced
with customer claims for cash refunds, damages, replacement
software, or other concessions. The risk of defects and their
adverse consequences could increase as we seek to introduce
a variety of new software products simultaneously at a higher
innovation rate. Significant undetected defects or delays

in introducing new products or product enhancements could
affect market acceptance of SAP software products and

could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 92 ---

The use of existing SAP software products by customers

in business-critical solutions and processes and the relative
complexity and technical interdependency of our software
products create a risk that customers or third parties may
pursue warranty, performance, or other claims against us for
actual or alleged defects in SAP software products, in our
provision of services, or in our application hosting services. We
have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to
warranty, performance, or other similar claims.

Although our contracts generally contain provisions designed
to limit our exposure due to actual or alleged defects in SAP
software products or in our provision of services, these provisions
may not cover every eventuality or be effective under the
applicable law. Regardless of its merits, any claim could entail
substantial expense and require the devotion of significant
time and attention by key management personnel. Publicity
surrounding such claims could affect our reputation and the
demand for our software.

We counter these risks using a broad range of techniques,
including project management, project monitoring, product
standards and governance, rigid and regular quality assurance
measures certified to ISO 9001:2008, and program risk
assessments during product development as well as market
introduction phases. In addition, direct customer feedback is
considered in the market release decision process. Delivering
high-quality software products is a priority and part of our core
business. Our strong investment and permanent efforts lead

to a generally high level of quality of our products, which is
made transparent in the defined quality perception and support
index and confirmed by our constantly high customer
satisfaction ratings as measured by customer quality perception
reporting.

Risk Report

We believe that the likelihood that this risk will materialize is
remote but we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk, if it were to occur, could have a business-critical impact
on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and

cash flows, or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Changes in our rights to use software and technologies we
license from third parties, which are an integral part of
SAP's products, could slow down time to market and influence
our license pricing and therefore the competitiveness with
other software vendors. Furthermore, it could diminish

our software's functional capabilities and therefore could
jeopardize the stability of our solution portfolio offering.

The numerous third-party technologies we have licensed and
certain open source software components we use have
become an integral part of our product portfolio. We depend on
those technologies for the functionality of our software or
cloud services. Changes to, or the loss of, third-party licenses
as well as open source licenses being construed could
significantly increase the cost of these licenses and significantly
reduce software functionality and/or usability of SAP's
software products. As a result, we might incur additional
development or license costs to ensure the continued
functionality of our products, which could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.
This risk increases with each acquisition of a company or a
company’s intellectual property assets that had been subject
to third-party technology licensing, open source software,

and product standards less rigorous than our own.

We strive to execute appropriate due diligence and contract
management processes and to continuously monitor
development projects through our product implementation
lifecycle process.

143


--- Page 93 ---

We believe that the probability of occurrence of this risk is likely
and we cannot exclude the possibility of a major impact on

our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or the
possibility of a negative deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

If we are unable to keep up with rapid technological
innovations, new business models, and changing market
expectations, we might not be able to compete effectively.

Our future success depends upon our ability to keep pace

with technological and process innovations and new business
models, as well as our ability to develop new products and
services, enhance and expand our existing products and services
portfolio, and integrate products and services we obtain
through acquisitions. To be successful, we are required to shift
our products and our go-to-market approach to a cloud-
based delivery model to satisfy changing customer demand.

We might not be successful in bringing new solutions,

solution enhancements, and/or services to market before our
competitors. We may also face increasing competition from
open source software initiatives in which competitors may
provide software and intellectual property free and/or under
terms and conditions unfavorable for SAP. In addition, we
might not be able to generate enough revenue to offset the
significant research and development costs we incur to deliver
technological innovations. Moreover, we might not anticipate
and develop technological improvements or succeed in
adapting our products and processes to technological change,
changing regulatory requirements, emerging industry
standards, and changing requirements of our customers and
partners. Finally, we might not succeed in producing high-
quality products, enhancements, and releases in a timely and
cost-effective manner to compete with products, solutions,
and other technologies offered by our competitors, which could
have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows.

144

We will continue to align our organization, processes, products,
delivery model, and services to changing markets and customer
and partner demands. We invent new technology or adopt

the latest technology if there is a clear business opportunity for
SAP and if it provides value to our customers. To ensure

that we remain competitive in the future, we still conduct wide-
ranging market and technology analyses and research projects,
often in close cooperation with our customers and partners.
We strive for strategic acquisitions with the potential to drive
innovation and contribute to achieving our growth target.

We believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is remote;
however, we cannot exclude the business-critical impact this
risk would have on our reputation, business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows, or the potential negative deviation from
our revenue and operating profit target if it were to materialize.
We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Our technology and/or product strategy may not be
successful or our customers and partners might not adopt
our technology platforms and other innovations accordingly.

We offer customers a broad portfolio of products, solutions,
and services. Our technology strategy centers on SAP HANA
as the real-time in-memory computing platform for analytics
and applications. The success of our technology strategy
depends on the convergence of SAP HANA with our mobile,
cloud, and SAP NetWeaver technology platform. It also
depends on the delivery of SAP solutions based on the SAP
HANA platform as well as the success of our new framework

to meet changing customer expectations regarding end-to-end
user experience. Our technology strategy also relies on our
ability to maintain a dynamic network of partner organizations
developing their own business applications using our technology
platforms.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 94 ---

We might not be successful in integrating our platforms,
enabling the complete product portfolio, harmonizing our

user interface design and technology, or bringing new solutions
based on the SAP HANA platform to the market as fast as
expected. In addition, we may not be able to compete effectively
in the area of managed cloud services. As a result, our partner
organizations and customers might not adopt the SAP HANA
platform and our managed cloud services quickly enough or
they might consider competitive solutions. As a result,

this could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows.

We believe that we will be able to deliver additional business
value with minimum disruption to our customers if we
can successfully drive the integration and convergence of our
technology platform offerings, enable our current product
ortfolio for SAP HANA, develop new solutions based on SAP
HANA, and offer comprehensive cloud-based services. We
enable and encourage partners to leverage SAP technology by
roviding guidance about business opportunities, architecture,
and technology, as well as a comprehensive certification
rogram designed to ensure that third-party solutions are of
consistently high quality.

We believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is remote
and that if this risk were to occur, its impact on our reputation,
usiness, financial position, profit, cash flows, and revenue and
operating profit target would be business-critical. We classify
this risk as a medium risk.

Risk Report

Our cloud offerings might be subject to a security attack,
become unavailable, or fail to perform properly.

The software used in our cloud portfolio is inherently complex
and any defects in product functionality, system stability, or
data center operations that cause interruptions in the availability
of our application suite could result in the following:

— Lost or delayed market acceptance and sales

— Breach of warranty or other contract breach or
misrepresentation claims

— Sales credits or refunds to our customers or partners

— Loss of customers and/or partners

— Diversion of development and customer service resources

— Breach of data protection and privacy laws and regulations

— Customers considering competitive cloud offerings

The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors might
be substantial and could have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.
Because of the large amount of data that we collect and
manage, it is possible that hardware failures, defects in our
software, or errors in our systems could result in data loss or
corruption, or cause the information that we collect to be
incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers regard
as significant. Furthermore, the availability of our application
suite could be interrupted by a number of factors, including
customers’ inability to access the Internet, the failure of our
network or software systems due to human or other error, and
security breaches, or variability in user traffic for our application
suite. Additionally, any loss of the right to use hardware
purchased or leased from third parties could result in delays in
our ability to provide our application suite until equivalent
technology is either developed by us or, if available, identified.

We have administrative, technical, and physical security
measures in place as well as contracts that require third-party
data centers to have appropriate security and data protection
and privacy measures in place. In this context, customers
might demand to only use specific and/or local data centers.
However, if these security measures are breached as a result of
third-party action, employee error and malfeasance, or
otherwise, and if as a result someone obtains unauthorized

145


--- Page 95 ---

access to our customers’ data, which may include personally
identifiable information regarding users, our reputation could
be damaged, our business may suffer, local data protection
and privacy laws or regulations might be breached, and we
could incur significant liability.

In addition, our insurance coverage might not cover claims
against us for loss or security breach of data or other indirect
or consequential damages. Moreover, defending a suit,
regardless of its merit, could be costly and time-consuming. In
addition to potential liability, if we experience interruptions in
the availability of our application suite, our reputation could be
harmed and we could lose customers.

Our mitigation measures have been designed and implemented
to minimize such adverse effects. We continuously invest in
protecting the integrity and security of our products and services
as well as internal and external data that is managed within
our data centers. We are consolidating and harmonizing our
data centers including data protection measures to runa

homogeneous landscape that supports the complex infrastructure,

application, and security requirements to deliver the required
service level for cloud solutions.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that any disruption of our cloud operations could result in a
business-critical impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, cash flows, and revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a medium risk. This risk factor
relates only to our Cloud Applications and Ariba segments.

Operational Risks

Third parties have claimed, and might claim in the future,
that we infringe their intellectual property rights, which
could lead to damages being awarded against us and limit
our ability to use certain technologies in the future.

We believe that we will increasingly be subject to intellectual

property infringement claims as the number of products
in our industry segment grows, as we acquire companies with

146

increased use of third-party code including open source code,
as we expand into new industry segments with our products,
resulting in greater overlap in the functional scope of products,
and as non-practicing entities that do not design, manufacture,
or distribute products increasingly assert intellectual property
infringement claims.

Any claims, with or without merit, and negotiations or litigation
relating to such claims, could preclude us from utilizing certain
technologies in our products, be time-consuming, result in
costly litigation, and require us to pay damages to third parties,
stop selling or reconfigure our products and, under certain
circumstances, pay fines and indemnify our customers, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial profile,
profit, cash flows, and reputation. They could also require us

to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on terms that
are not favorable to us, cause product shipment delays, subject
our products to injunctions, require a complete or partial
redesign of products, result in delays to our customers’
investment decisions, and damage our reputation.

Software includes many components or modules that provide
different features and perform different functions. Some

of these features or functions may be subject to third-party
intellectual property rights. The rights of another party could
encompass technical aspects that are similar to one or

more technologies in one or more of our products. Intellectual
property rights of third parties could preclude us from using
certain technologies in our products or require us to enter
into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable or
expensive terms.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 96 ---

The software industry is making increasing use of open

source software in its development work on solutions. We also
integrate certain open source software components from

third parties into our software. Open source licenses may require
that the software code in those components or the software
into which they are integrated be freely accessible under open
source terms. Third-party claims may require us to make

freely accessible under open source terms one of our products
or non-SAP software upon which we depend.

SAP continues to expand its participation in standards
organizations and increase the use of such standards in its
products. Participation in standards organizations might
require the licensing of SAP's intellectual property to contributors
to the standard and to all standards implementers, including
competitors, on a non-discriminatory basis in accordance with
licensing terms defined by standards organizations. Within

the software-related standards field, there is a trend toward
expanding the scope of licensing obligations and narrowing an
intellectual property owner's right to revoke a license if sued
by a licensee. In certain situations, limitations on SAP's rights
to revoke a license could reduce SAP's ability to assert a patent
infringement claim against a third party. Assertion of patents
inadvertently licensed through standards could expose SAP to
third-party claims.

Our Global Compliance Office is responsible for constantly
assessing and managing risks associated with third-party
intellectual property. It works closely with our Global GRC
organization. The Global Compliance Office investigates the
way we handle intellectual property, sets internal policies, and
monitors compliance with these policies.

We consider the probability of this risk materializing to

be likely, and that any claims concerning intellectual property
rights of third parties, open source requirements, or certain
standards could have a business-critical impact on our
business, financial position, profit, cash flows and reputation,
as well as on the achievement of our revenue and operating
profit target, and could also exacerbate the other risks

we describe in this report. We classify this risk as a high risk.

Risk Report

We are named as a defendant in various legal proceedings for
alleged intellectual property infringements. For more information
and a more detailed discussion relating to certain of these
legal proceedings, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Note (23).

Claims and lawsuits against us could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and
reputation.

Claims and lawsuits are brought against us, including claims
and lawsuits involving businesses we have acquired. Adverse
outcomes to some or all of the claims and lawsuits pending
against us might result in the award of significant damages
or injunctive relief against us that could hinder our ability to
conduct our business and could have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is
intrinsically uncertain. Management's view of the litigation may
also change in the future. Actual outcomes of litigation and
other claims or lawsuits could differ from the assessments
made by management in prior periods.

We consider the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
likely, and cannot exclude its business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, cash flows,

and revenue and operating profit target if it were to materialize.
We classify this risk as a high risk.

For more information and more detailed discussion relating
to certain of these legal proceedings, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, \

147


--- Page 97 ---

We might not acquire and integrate companies effectively
or successfully and our strategic alliances might not be
successful.

To expand our business, we have in the past made acquisitions

of businesses, products, and technologies. We expect to

continue to make such acquisitions in the future. Management's

negotiation of potential acquisitions and alliances and

integration of acquired businesses, products, or technologies

demands time, focus, and resources of management and of

the workforce. Acquisitions of companies, businesses, and

technology expose us to unpredictable operational difficulties,

expenditures, and risks. These risks include, among others:

— The selection of the wrong integration model for the acquired

company

- The failure to integrate the acquired business and its different

business and licensing models

— The failure to integrate the acquired technologies or products

with our current products and technologies

- The failure to integrate the acquired company’s operations

across SAP's different cultures, languages, and local protocols,

| within the constraints of applicable local laws

— The failure to meet the needs of the acquired company’s

customers and partners in the combined company

— The diversion of management's time and attention from daily

operations

— The loss of key personnel of the acquired business

— Material unknown liabilities and contingent liabilities of

acquired companies, including legal, tax, accounting

intellectual property, or other significant liabilities that may

not be detected through the due diligence process

— Legal and regulatory constraints (such as contract obligations,
privacy frameworks and agreements, and so on)

— Difficulties in implementing, restoring, or maintaining internal
controls, procedures, and policies

— Practices or policies of the acquired company that may be

is)

148

incompatible with our compliance requirements

— An adverse effect on relationships with existing customers,
partners, or third-party providers of technology or products

— Difficulties in integrating the acquired company’s accounting,
HR, and other administrative systems and coordination of
the acquired company’s research and development (R&D),
sales, and marketing functions

— Debt incurrence or significant cash expenditures

In addition, acquired businesses might not perform as
anticipated, resulting in charges for the impairment of goodwill
and other intangible assets on our statements of financial
position. Such charges may have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. We have
entered into, and expect to continue to enter into, alliance
arrangements for a variety of purposes, including the development
of new products and services. There can be no assurance that
any such products or services will be successfully developed or
that we will not incur significant unanticipated liabilities in
connection with such arrangements. We may not be successful
in overcoming these risks and we may therefore not benefit

as anticipated from acquisitions or alliances.

We counter these acquisition-related risks with many different
methodological and organizational measures. These include
technical, operational, financial, and legal due diligence on the
company or assets to be acquired and a holistic evaluation of
material transaction and integration risks. The methods we use
depend on the integration scenario. Our integration planning

is detailed and standardized, and carried out by a dedicated
integration team. We therefore believe we have minimized this
risk.

Although we estimate this risk to be unlikely, we cannot
completely exclude the possibility that this risk could have a
major impact on our business, financial position, profit,

cash flows, and revenue and operating profit target. We classify
this risk as a medium risk.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 98 ---

We may not be able to obtain adequate title to, or licenses
in, or to enforce, intellectual property.

Protecting and defending our intellectual property is crucial to
our success. We use a variety of means to identify and monitor
potential risks and to protect our intellectual property. These
include applying for patents, registering trademarks and other
marks and copyrights, implementing measures to stop copyright
and trademark infringement, entering into licensing,
confidentiality, and non-disclosure agreements, and deploying
protection technology. Despite our efforts, we might not be
able to prevent third parties from obtaining, using, or selling
without authorization what we regard as our proprietary
technology and information. All of these measures afford
only limited protection, and our proprietary rights could be
challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, or otherwise
affected. Some intellectual property might be vulnerable to
disclosure or misappropriation by employees, partners, or
other third parties. Third parties might independently develop
technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to
our technology. Finally, third parties might reverse-engineer or
otherwise obtain and use technology and information that we
regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we might not be able to
protect our proprietary rights against unauthorized third-party
copying or utilization, which could have an adverse effect on
our competitive position and our financial position, and result
in reduced sales. Any legal action we bring to enforce our
proprietary rights could also involve enforcement against a
partner or other third party, which may have an adverse effect
on our ability, and our customers’ ability, to use that partner's or
other third parties’ products. In addition, the laws and courts
of certain countries may not offer effective means to enforce our
intellectual property rights. This could have an adverse effect
on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash
flows.

Risk Report

We rely on a combination of the protections provided by
applicable statutory and common law rights, including

trade secret, copyright, patent, and trademark laws, license
and non-disclosure agreements, and technical measures to
establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products. We
ave established various internal programs, such as internal
olicies, processes, and monitoring, to assess and manage the
risks associated with standards organizations, open source,
and third-party intellectual property.

We may be dependent in the aggregate on technology that we
icense from third parties that is embedded in our products or
that we resell to our customers. We have licensed and will
continue to license numerous third-party software products that
we incorporate into and/or distribute with our existing products.
We endeavor to protect ourselves in the respective agreements
y obtaining certain rights in case such agreements are
terminated.

We are party to certain patent cross-license agreements with
third parties.

We estimate the probability of this risk occurring as likely, and
that it could have a business-critical impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a high risk.

SAP's business strategy focuses on certain business models
that are highly dependent on a working cyberspace.

A cybersecurity breach could have an adverse effect on our
customers, our reputation, and our business.

The key cybersecurity risks currently applicable to SAP include
state-driven economic espionage as well as competitor-driven
industrial espionage, and criminal activities including, but not
limited to cyber-attacks against on-premise software, hosted,
and cloud services. This might result in, for example, leakage of

149


--- Page 99 ---

confidential information and intellectual property, defective
products, production downtimes, supply shortages, and
compromised data (including personal data). A failure of our
cybersecurity measures could expose our business operations
and service delivery to the described risks, for example, virtual
attack, disruption, damage, and/or unauthorized access.
Additionally, we could be subject to recovery costs, for example,
as well as significant contractual and legal claims by customers,
partners, authorities, and third-party service providers for
damages against us, which could have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

To address the increasing cybersecurity threats, SAP is
continuously adapting and modifying its security procedures.
We have multiple security measures in place, such as technical
IT security measures, identity and access management,

and mandatory security and compliance trainings. In addition,
our security governance model clearly defines security
management accountabilities for all security areas regarding
product security and corporate security that enables us to
respond quickly to identified cybersecurity risks.

Although we still consider the occurrence of this risk to be
unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that this
risk could have a business-critical impact on our business,
financial position, profit, cash flows, and reputation as well as
revenue and operating profit target. We classify this risk as a
medium risk.

We may not be able to protect our critical information
and assets or to safeguard our business operations against
disruption.

SAP is dependent on the exchange of a wide range of information
across our global operations and on the availability of our
infrastructure. With regard to our physical environment, we face
several key security risks such as industrial and/or economic
espionage, serious and organized crime, and other illegal
activities, as well as violent extremism and terrorism. We might
be endangered by threats including, but not limited, to social
engineering, misuse, or theft of information or assets, or

150

damage to assets by trespassers in our facilities or by people
who have gained unauthorized physical access to our facilities,
systems, or information, which could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial profile, profit, and cash flows.

To minimize these risks, we have implemented several technical
and organizational measures designed to safeguard our
information, IT and facility infrastructure, and other assets.
These measures include, for example, physical access control
systems at facilities, multilevel access controls, closed-circuit
television surveillance, and security personnel in all critical areas.
Access to information and information systems is controlled
using authorization concepts. Managers and employees are
regularly sensitized to the issues and given mandatory security
and compliance trainings. We keep these measures under
continuous review to meet current threats.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that any misuse, theft, or breach of security could have a
moderate impact on our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows as well as on our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Our insurance coverage might not be sufficient and
uninsured losses may occur.

We maintain insurance coverage to protect us against a broad
range of risks, at levels we believe are appropriate and
consistent with current industry practice. Our objective is to
exclude or minimize risk of financial loss at reasonable cost.
However, we may incur losses that are beyond the limits, or
outside the scope, of coverage of our insurance and that may
limit or prevent indemnification under our insurance policies.
In addition, we might not be able to maintain adequate insurance
coverage on commercially reasonable terms in the future.
Further, certain categories of risks are currently not insurable
at reasonable cost, which could have an adverse effect on our

Combined Management Report


--- Page 100 ---

business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Finally,
there can be no assurance of the financial ability of the insurance
companies to meet their claim payment obligations.

In view of the scope of our insurance coverage and our selection
of insurers, and because we keep our insurance programs
under constant review, we believe that the likelihood of this risk
materializing is remote.

We cannot exclude the possibility of a business-critical impact
on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and
operating profit target if the risk were to occur. We classify this
risk as amedium risk.

We could incur losses in connection with venture capital
investments.

Through our partnership with SAP Ventures, we plan to
continue investing in new and promising technology businesses.
Many such investments generate net losses and require
additional expenditures from their investors. Changes to
planned business operations have in the past, and may in the
future, affect the performance of companies in which SAP
Ventures holds investments, and that could have an adverse
effect on the value of our investments in SAP Ventures, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. Furthermore, tax deductibility of capital
losses and impairment in connection with equity securities

are often restricted and could therefore have an adverse effect
on our effective tax rate.

To address this risk, SAP Ventures diversifies its portfolio and
manages our investments actively. In addition, our venture
capital activities have a limited scope.

We believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is remote
and that if the risk were to occur, its potential impact on our
business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and operating
profit target would be minor. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Risk Report

Consolidated Risk Profile

Management Assessment of Overall Risks and
Opportunities

SAP consolidates and aggregates all risks reported by

the different business units and functions following our risk
management policy, monitored by a Group-wide risk
management governance function.

Compared to previous years, in 2013 we recognized only minor
changes in the percentages of all risks categorized as “high”

or “medium” in our risk level matrix. At the end of the year, the
number of risks categorized as “high” accounted for 12%
(2012: 9%) of all identified risks, while the risks categorized as
“medium” accounted for 39% (2012: 34%) of all identified
risks.

In our view, considering their likelihood of occurrence and
impact level, the risks described in our aggregated risk report
do not individually or cumulatively threaten our ability to
continue as a going concern. Management remains confident
that the Group's earnings strength forms a solid basis for

our future business development and provides the necessary
resource to pursue the opportunities available to the Group.
Because of our strong position in the market, our technological
leadership, our highly motivated employees, and our structured
processes for early risk identification, we are confident that

we can continue to successfully counter the challenges arising
from the risks in our risk profile in 2014.

151


--- Page 101 ---

Supplementary Report

Bob Calderoni, president of Ariba, an SAP company, and a
member of our Global Managing Board, decided to leave SAP
with effect from January 15, 2014.

152

Combined Management Report


--- Page 102 ---

Report on Expected Developments

FUTURE TRENDS IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY

The experts at the European Central Bank (ECB”) expect

the global economy to expand gradually in response to factors
such as more stable credit conditions around the world. The
ECB bases this expectation on the assumption that, as in 2013,
prospects will improve in the industrialized economies but will
remain subdued in some of the emerging economies compared
to past years.

According to these expectations, the outlook in the Europe,
Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region has improved: The ECB
expects a slow recovery in the euro area in 2014 and 2015,

supported by a slight recovery of domestic and export demand.

Companies in particular will increase their investments in
2014, encouraged by the very low interest rates and by a high
demand for modernization after several years of restrained
investments. The ECB currently expects GDP in the euro area
to grow about 1% in 2014 and 1.5% in 2015. That would bring
GDP back to first-quarter 2008 “pre-crisis” levels by the end of
2015. The ECB also expects the economies of Central and
Eastern Europe to gain traction beginning in 2014.

The ECB is also optimistic about the Americas region. It believes
the economic upturn in the United States will gradually gain
momentum as the residential real-estate and labor markets
continue to brighten up. However, it believes uncertainty
regarding financial policy will continue, with new legislation on
debt capping and public finance under continued discussion.

Future trends in the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region are difficult
to estimate, according to the ECB. In Japan, a consumption tax
rise is due in April 2014. That could cause the economy to pick
up in the first quarter, as consumers bring forward spending.
As aresult, subsequent quarters may see an economic
slowdown. It remains to be seen what effect the wide-ranging
agenda for reform announced by the Communist Party of
China in November 2013 will have. The goal is to set China ona
more sustainable path to economic growth. The ECB believes
the reforms will strengthen the market and the economy
outside the public sector.

» Unless otherwise indicated, all economic information in this section is based on information from
the European Central Bank (ECB),

Report on Expected Developments.

Economic Trends — Year-Over-Year GDP Growth

Percent

2012e 2013p 2014p
World 3.1 3.0 3.7
Advanced economies 1.4 1.3} 2.2
Developing and emerging economies 49 47 5.1
Europe, the Middle East,
and Africa (EMEA)
Euro area -0.7 -0.4 1.0
Germany 0.9 0.5 1.6
Central and Eastern Europe 1.4 25) 28
Middle East and North Africa 41 24 3.3
Sub Saharan Africa 48 BIL 6.1
Americas
United States 28 18) 28
Canada 17 U7 2.2
Central and South America, Caribbean 3.0 2.6 3.0
Asia Pacific Japan (APJ)
Japan 1.4 1.7 17
Asian developing economies 6.4 65 67
China 77 7.7 7.5

e= estimate: p= projection
Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook Update January 2014, “Is the Tide Rising?”
As of January 21, 2014, p. 2.

IT MARKET: THE OUTLOOK FOR 2014

According to International Data Corporation (IDC), a market
research firm based in the United States, economic recovery
in 2014 will lead to a greater increase in spending on IT than
occurred in 2013. That increase is expected to continue to be
higher than the growth in the overall economy. IDC expects
businesses will revert to normal IT upgrade cycles in 2014 as
liquidity bottlenecks are resolved by the return of economic
stability, so companies in particular will increase investment
in IT. Inthe emerging economies, IDC expects IT markets to
recover from the setbacks of the previous year, because
basically demand for IT products is high and conditions are
stable.

153


--- Page 103 ---

According to IDC, software sales should again outpace the IT
market as a whole in 2014. Spending on PCs and tablets should
grow by a percentage in the low single digits: the PC market
has bottomed out and the tablet market should see growth
well into the double digits. Investments in servers and data
storage devices could grow by a percentage in the low single
digits again, and IDC forecasts slightly more growth in the IT
services market in 2014 than in 2013.

The outlook IDC describes for 2014 in the Europe, Middle East,
and Africa (EMEA) region is positive: It believes Western Europe
will almost sustain the slightly improved growth it achieved

at the end of 2013, showing significant positive growth rates for
the full year. The IT markets of Central and Eastern Europe,

the Middle East, and Africa could see growth in the high single
digits, and the IT market in Russia may even approach
double-digit growth, IDC says.

IDC is more cautious about the Americas region: It believes
2014 IT market growth in the United States may fall short of
the 2013 level as demand for smartphones declines. Despite
the uncertainty concerning government policy, IDC predicts
IT investment in the United States will be largely stable. IDC
believes growth in the Latin America IT markets will slow to
single digits.

IDC forecasts that the IT market in the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ)
region will grow by a percentage in the middle of the single-digit
range. However, it believes the market in Japan will decline
slightly. In contrast, IDC predicts the IT market in China, which
was weak in the previous year, should recover well into
double-digit growth in 2014.

154

Trends in the IT Market - Increased IT Spending Year over Year
Percent

2012e 2013p 2014p

World

Total IT 5.3 44 5.1
Hardware 6.3 48 5.4
Packaged software 6.2 5.6 6.2
Applications 6.0 5.6 6.0
IT services 3.2 3.2 3.9

Europe, Middle East, and Africa

(EMEA)

Total IT 5.2 23) 4.4
Packaged software 47 4.6 5.2
Applications 44 45 5.0
IT services 1.4 2.0 3.6

Americas

Total IT 4.2 5S) 4.5
Packaged software 6.8 6.0 6.7
Applications 6.9 6.2 6.5
IT services 4.2 3.7 3.6

Asia Pacific Japan (APJ)

Total IT 6.9 46 6.7
Packaged software 6.9 5S) 6.4
Applications 6.0 Bp 6.4
IT services 4.5 43 5.1

e= estimate, p = projection
Source: IDC Worldwide Black Book Q3 2013

IMPACT ON SAP

SAP expects to outperform the global economy and the IT
industry again in 2014. Four years of growth momentum
underscore our leadership in the transformation of the industry.
We are gaining market share in all regions. We have reinvented
the database and developed the next-generation real time
in-memory platform SAP HANA. We are managing the transition
to the cloud successfully, while growing our core business

and expanding our operating margin.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 104 ---

Thanks to our great progress in strategy and technology

since 2010, we have increased the importance of SAP to our
customers. We are well-positioned to expand our core business
and to accelerate our cloud businesses. We are therefore
confident we can achieve our medium-term targets for 2015
and 2017, assuming that the economic environment and IT
industry develop as currently forecast. Balanced in terms

of regions as well as industries, we are well-positioned to offset
smaller individual fluctuations in the global economy and IT
market.

A comparison of our business outlook with forecasts for the
global economy and IT industry shows that, with our customer-
centered innovation strategy, we can be successful even ina
tough economic environment. Our market and the demands of
our customers are changing rapidly. We anticipated these
changes early.

We plan to continue to invest in countries in which we expect
significant growth, and we aim to expand our market share

in those countries. Such countries include Brazil, China, India,
Russia, as well as countries in the Middle East and Africa. We
therefore expect to see further future growth potential helping
us reach our ambitious 2014 outlook targets and medium-term
aspirations for 2015 and 2017. For more information, see the
Operational Targets for 2014 (Non-IFRS) section.

FORECAST FOR SAP

Strategy for Profitable Growth

SAP seeks to maintain profitable growth across its portfolio of
products and services. Our goal is to expand our addressable
market to US$350 billion in 2020, compared to US$110 billion
in 2010. Our ability to deliver software-based innovation

and value in target growth areas positions us favorably in the
enterprise software market.

SAP's continued growth depends on our ability to deliver

innovative solutions and provide significant value to
our customers. We continue to improve our research and

Report on Expected Developments.

development effectiveness, creating efficiencies and accelerating
innovation cycles to engage more closely with our customers.
We are also investing in our go-to-market channels to expand
capacity and drive greater volume sales. At the same time,
we are expanding our technology partner ecosystem to foster
co-innovation as a force multiplier for creating additiona
business value for our customers.

The success of SAP and our customers depends on our people
— whom we consider our most important asset. Our employees
spark our innovation, deliver value to our customers, an
drive our sustainable growth and profitability. The correlation
between our continued business success and our ability to
attract, retain, and engage top talent is stronger than ever. We
will continue to execute our people strategy to set us apart in
vital areas such as workforce diversity and talent management.
Our ambitious growth strategy and our ability to innovate
depends on creating an environment for our employees that
drives them to unleash their full potential.

Go-to-Market Investment Delivers Customer Value

SAP goes to market by region, customer segment, line of
business and industry. In each region, we seek to concentrate
our sales efforts on the fastest-growing markets with the
greatest business and revenue potential. We evolve and invest
in our go-to-market coverage model to effectively sell industry-
specific solutions while increasing our engagement with
customers in line-of-business functions. We continue to provide
companies of any size — small, midsize, and large — with
tailored offerings that align to their specific budgetary, resource,
and deployment requirements.

155


--- Page 105 ---

Greater Volume and Co-Innovation Through an

Open Ecosystem

SAP continues to engage an expanding partner ecosystem

to increase market coverage, enhance our solutions portfolio,
and spur innovation. SAP and its vibrant partner ecosystem
offer greater choice and business value through the power of
co-innovation, appealing to customers that want to avoid being
“locked in” to a single vendor. SAP partners offer customers
knowledgeable local delivery of solutions across industries and
lines of business. SAP technology partners continue to drive
our research agenda, enhance the SAP portfolio, and monetize
new technology breakthroughs.

Organic Growth and Targeted Acquisitions
Organic growth remains the primary driver of SAP’s strategy.
We will continue to invest in our own product development and

technology innovation, improving the speed, number of projects,

and innovations brought to market. Our ecosystem strategy
enables us to better leverage our innovation by extending it to
our partners to drive additional customer value, based on their

own domain expertise. We will also continue to acquire targeted,

strategic, and “fill-in” technology to add to our broad solution
offerings and improve our coverage in key strategic markets to
best support our customers’ needs.

OPERATIONAL TARGETS FOR 2014 (NON-IFRS)

Revenue and Operating Profit Outlook

The Executive Board is providing the following outlook for the

full year 2014:

— SAP expects full-year 2014 non-IFRS cloud subscription and
support revenue to be in a range of €950 to €1,000 million
at constant currencies (2013: €757 million). The upper end
of this range represents a growth rate of 32% that is similar
to the respective 2013 growth rate after adjusting for
acquisitions.

156

— SAP expects full-year 2014 non-IFRS software and software-
related service revenue to increase by 6% to 8% at constant
currencies (2013: €14,032 million).

— SAP expects full-year 2014 non-IFRS operating profit to be in
arange of €5.8 billion to €6.0 billion at constant currencies
(2013: €5,514 million).

We expect that total revenue growth (non-IFRS) will continue

to depend largely on the revenue from the On-Premise Products
segment. However, the revenue growth we expect from this
segment is below the outlook provided for cloud subscription
revenue (non-IFRS). In light of the rate at which professional
services and other service revenue is growing, we do not
expect strong growth in the On-Premise Services segment.

We expect an increase in segment profit in our On-Premise
division, with On-Premise Products segment profit growing
faster than On-Premise Services segment profit. We expect
only a slight improvement in On-Premise Services segment
profit. The Cloud division is expected to continue with
increasingly positive segment profit in 2014.

In light of the rate at which cloud subscriptions are growing in
our cloud segments, we expect strong revenue growth in those
segments.

We present the following reconciliation from our 2013 IFRS
software and cloud subscription revenue, IFRS software and
software-related service revenue, IFRS total revenue, and
IFRS operating profit to the non-IFRS equivalents to facilitate
comparison between IFRS financial measures and the
non-lFRS financial measures in our 2014 outlook:

Combined Management Report


--- Page 106 ---

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for 2013

€ millions, unless otherwise stated

IFRS Financial Recurring Revenue Adjustments Discontinued Non-IFRS

Measure Not Recorded Operating» Activities? Financial

Under IFRS Measure

Cloud subscriptions and support 696 61 na. na. 757
Software and cloud subscription revenue 5,212 63 na. na. 5,275
Software and software-related service revenue 13,950 82 na. na. 14,032
Total revenue 16,815 82 na. na. 16,897
Total operating expenses 12,336 ) 953 0 11,383
Operating profit? 4,479 82 953 0 5,514

Included in operating expenses are acquisition related charges, share-based payment expenses, and restructuring charges.
2 These financial measures are the numerator or the denominator in the calculation of our IFRS and non-IFRS operating margin, and are included in this table for transparency.

The discontinued activities include the results of our discontinued TomorrowNow business.

The following table shows the estimates of the items that
represent the differences between our non-IFRS financial
measures and our IFRS financial measures.

Non-IFRS Measures
€ millions

sufficient to meet our present operating financing needs also

in 2014 and, together with expected cash flows from operations,
will support our currently planned capital expenditure
requirements over the near term and medium term.

We intend to effect a substantial planned reduction of our
financial debt in 2014 and, at the time of this report, we expect
to make repayments of €586 million over the year. We

will consider issuing new debt, such as bonds or U.S. private

Estimated Actual Amounts

Amounts for 2014 for 2013

Deferred revenue write-down <20 82
Discontinued activities <10 1
Share-based payment expenses 470 to 510 327
Acquisition-related charges 520 to 560 555,
Restructuring charges 50 to 150 70

The company expects a full-year 2014 effective tax rate (IFRS)
of 26.0% to 27.0% (2013: 24.4%) and an effective tax rate
(non-IFRS) of 27.5% to 28.5% (2013: 25.9%).

Goals for Liquidity and Finance

On December 31, 2013, our net liquidity was negative, but

we have additional liquidity reserves. We believe that our liquid
assets combined with our undrawn credit facilities are

Report on Expected Developments.

placements, on an as-neede
conditions are advantageous.
have no concrete plans for fu

Investment Goals
Excepting acquisitions, our p

basis only and if market
. By the time of this report, we
ture share buybacks.

anned capital expenditures

for 2014 and 2015 mainly comprise the construction activities
described earlier in this report. We expect investments of

approximately €194 million
investments can be covered i

Proposed Dividend

luring the next three years. These
n full by operating cash flow.

We plan to continue our divi

lend policy, which is that the

payout ratio should be more than 30%.

157


--- Page 107 ---

Premises on Which Our Outlook Is Based

In preparing our outlook, we have taken into account all events
known to us at the time we prepared this report that could
influence SAP's business going forward.

Among the premises on which this outlook is based are those
presented concerning the economy and on the assumption
that there will be no effects from a major acquisition.

OUTLOOK FOR SAP AG

The primary source of revenue for SAP AG is the license fees it
charges subsidiaries for the right to market and maintain SAP
software solutions. Consequently, the performance of SAP AG
in operating terms is closely tied to the software and software-
related service revenue of the SAP Group.

We expect SAP AG product revenue to increase generally in line
with the rise in software and software-related service revenue
anticipated for the SAP Group in 2014. Assuming there are

no special effects relating to acquisitions or internal corporate
restructuring measures in 2014, we also expect SAP AG
operating profit to grow. Provided the SAP Group continues to
hit its revenue and profit targets, we expect SAP AG to sustain
revenue and operating profit growth into the medium term.

We believe SAP AG, the parent company of the SAP Group, will
receive investment income in the form of profit transfers and
dividends again in the future. The growth we expect from the
SAP Group should have a positive effect on SAP AG investment
income.

158

The outlook projections for the SAP Group in respect of
liquidity, finance, investment, and dividend are equally
applicable to SAP AG.

Among the assumptions underlying this outlook are those
presented above concerning the economy and our expectations
for the performance of the SAP Group.

MEDIUM-TERM PROSPECTS

With SAP HANA as the single platform for our entire solution
portfolio, delivered on-premise or in the cloud, SAP will drive
simplicity and business outcomes for our customers.

We expect our business, our revenue, and our profit to grow,
assuming there is a sustained recovery in the global economy.
Our strategic objectives are focused on the following financial
and non-financial indicators: revenue, margin, customer loyalty,
and employee engagement.

We expect the combination of a stable, highly-profitable core
and fast-growing cloud business to deliver continued growth
and margin expansion. We continue to strive to increase

our total revenue to more than €20 billion by 2015 and revenue
from our cloud business, including cloud-related professional
services, to approximately €2 billion by 2015.

Looking beyond 2015, we introduced new 2017 targets. We now
aim to increase total revenue to at least €22 billion and

revenue from our cloud business to €3.0 to €3.5 billion by 2017.
We have retained our non-IFRS operating margin goal of 35%.
To capture the growth opportunities in the cloud, we now
expect this target to be reached by 2017 rather than in 2015 as
previously stated. We anticipate the fast-growing cloud business
along with growth in support revenue will drive a higher
proportion of more predictable, recurring revenue in the future.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 108 ---

In addition to our financial goals, we also focus on two non-
financial targets: Customer loyalty and employee engagement.
We believe it is essential that our employees are engaged,
drive our success, and support our strategy. Therefore, we plan
to increase our employee engagement index score to 82% by
2015 (2013: 77%). Further, our customers’ satisfaction with
the solutions we offer is very important to us. We want our
customers to not only be satisfied, but also see us as a trusted
partner for innovation. We measure this customer loyalty
metric using the Net Promoter Score (NPS). For 2014, we have
set a target for increasing the NPS by four percentage points
(2013: 12.1%).

SAP's vision to help the world run better and improve people’s
lives comes to life in product innovation that drives business

value for our customers. By delivering on our product roadmap,

SAP is powering a market-wide transformation in how people
and organizations work together and run better. Building ona
track record of innovation, SAP is again at the forefront of a
major shift in the IT sector, away from commoditized hardware
and lower value services, toward renewed investment in
differentiating IT through business software and services that
drive simplicity, efficiency, and a more sustainable business
transformation.

Report on Expected Developments.

159
