

--- Page 1 ---

Ramba Energy Limited (“Ramba” or “the Group”) is an Indonesia-focused
oil and gas exploration and production company listed on the Singapore
Stock Exchange.

The Group ventured into the energy sector in 2008 with the goal of becoming
a significant energy producer in Indonesia.

The Group, through its subsidiaires, holds a 70% interest in the Jatirarangon
TAC block ("Jatirarangon block”), located in West Java, Indonesia; a 100%
interest in the West Jambi KSO block (“West Jambi block”), located in
Sumatra, Indonesia; and a 51% interest in the Lemang PSC block (“Lemang
block”), also located in Sumatra, Indonesia. All of the Group's assets are
located in onshore regions on the Western Indonesian islands of Java
and Sumatra.

Ramba’s logistics business unit, RichLand Logistics (“Richland”), provides

supply chain services including inbound and outbound transportation
activities, distribution management, seaport and airport cargo handling
services, and chemical logistics distribution throughout the region. RichLand
employs over 1,000 employees and has a fleet of over 400 trucks and trailers,
in addition to managing more than 400 ISO-tanks.



--- Page 2 ---

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Ramba Energy Limited,
| would like to present the annual report for the year ended
31 December 2013.

SHAPED BY SOUND STRATEGY

The title of this year's annual report is “Shaped by Sound
Strategy,” a testament to our long-term strategy to become
an energy producer for Indonesia, which we believe will bring
benefits to our shareholders in Singapore. Understanding the
long-term potential of Indonesia as an emerging market, our
Group embarked in this long and laborious journey in 2008,
while always remaining committed to our goal of creating
value from Indonesia's vast natural resources.

The past year was a year of many accomplishments for the
Group’s oil and gas business unit, as Ramba has embarked on
a new phase in its journey. After successful exploration drilling
at the Group’s Lemang block in May 2013, the Group spent
the majority of the past year further studying the block for
potential additional hydrocarbon resources. As a result of the
Group's success at the block, in January 2014, the Government
of Indonesia mandated that the Group transition from its
exploration program to the Plan of Development ("POD") for
commencement of commercial production (“COPD”) in the
future, enabling Ramba to produce oil and gas at a later date.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

“The past year was
a year of many
accomplishments
for the Group’s oil
and gas business
unit, as Ramba
has embarked on
a new phase in its
journey.”

The transition to the POD brings the Group one step closer to
its goal to create value from its oil and gas assets in Indonesia,
as well as continuing to expand its longstanding logistics
services business based in Singapore.

CAPTURING THE INDONESIA OPPORTUNITY

Indonesia, a resource-rich nation with a growing middle and
consumer class, has proven to be an exciting investment
destination. With strong economic fundamentals, on-going
political reforms and an increasingly sophisticated business
environment, we are confident in this country’s future as a
sound emerging market with a robust energy sector.

Few countries have experienced the economic success that
Indonesia has undergone in recent years. With lingering global
economic volatility triggered by the 2008 financial crisis, the
past year proved to be challenging for businesses around the
world, as conditions in Europe, the United States and many
Asian economies still remain extremely fragile. However, in the
midst of this global instability, Indonesia once again proved to
be a sound investment destination. With GDP growth of 5.78%
in 2013, the past year proved to be another successful year for
Southeast Asia’s largest economy.

Furthermore, the upgrades to the country’s investment ratings
in recent years by reputable agencies such as Fitch and
Moody's, combined with year-on-year GDP growth of above
5% since 2010, as well as substantive political and economic
reforms, have left this important emerging market largely
resilient to adverse macroeconomic trends.


--- Page 3 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

With Indonesia projected to become the seventh-largest
economy in the world by 2030 and domestic energy demand
expected to nearly triple to 17 quadrillion British thermal
units*, we at Ramba understand the long-term potential of this
remarkable country.

Lastly, as this year marks the 15th anniversary of Indonesia’s
transition to a democracy following the country’s first
democratic elections in 1999, the Group is proud of how far
Indonesia has come in such a short period of time and remains
highly optimistic when looking ahead to the country’s future.

For these reasons and more, we are proud to offer investors
the opportunity to invest in one of the world’s most exciting
and dynamic emerging markets through the security of the
Singapore Stock Exchange.

COMMITTED TO SINGAPORE

In Singapore, the gateway to Southeast Asia, we see a business-
friendly and diverse commerce hub with opportunities across
the economic spectrum.

The past year has proven to be a landmark year for Singapore
in becoming an investment destination for oil and gas
exploration. Already a global destination for the downstream
oil and gas sector and commodities trading, Singapore is now
emerging as a destination for investment in the upstream oil
and gas sector as well. The past year saw three additional oil
and gas exploration and production companies list on the
Singapore Stock Exchange, substantially increasing the amount
of oil and gas investment opportunities in the country. Ramba
is privileged to offer shareholders the opportunity to invest in
the Indonesian oil and gas exploration opportunity through
the security of this increasingly important stock exchange for
regional oil and gas investment.

Additionally, the Group's logistics subsidiary, RichLand,
continues to thrive in Singapore. Having provided logistics
solutions to customers in Singapore for over 20 years, RichLand
has grown to become a market leader in the country for airport
handling and domestic distribution services. FY2013 was a

year of continued success for the RichLand, as the business
unit achieved revenue growth for the fifth consecutive year,
booking revenue of approximately S$66.0 million for FY2013.

Looking ahead, the Group will work diligently to retain
Singapore as its hub for regional logistics operations, and to
capitalize on this small, yet important country’s unique position
as the gateway to Southeast Asia.

REALIZING OUR VISION

As we look to 2014 and beyond, we will continue our strategy
to optimize both our oil and gas and logistics businesses, and
to provide shareholders with the opportunity to capitalize on
the abundance of business opportunities present in Singapore
and Indonesia.

Our immediate challenge will be to continue to build upon
our past successes while managing our limited resources
responsibly. As oil and gas exploration is a high-risk, high-cost
business, the capital expenditure required to optimize our
asset portfolio is high and the process lengthy. With that said,
we wish to thank shareholders for their continued patience and
support as we get closer to our ultimate goal.

GRATITUDE

Lastly, we would like to thank all shareholders and stakeholders
who have helped Ramba in our company’s journey thus far.
Furthermore, we would like to thank our Board of Directors,
key management, and our external advisors for their on-going
and invaluable guidance. Each member has contributed a
specific set of skills, experience and values to his or her role in
moving the Group forward.

We remain highly optimistic for the future, and we are
excited to turn our vision into a reality through following our
sound strategy.

Sincerely,

Mr Tan Chong Huat
Non-Executive Chairman

* Source: McKinsey Global Institute, “The Archipelago Economy,” 2012.


--- Page 4 ---

CEO’S MESSAGE

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

| am writing in the midst of great change and great opportunity
for Ramba, as the last 12 months have proven to be
transformational for our company.

As both our oil and gas and logistics business units continue to
grow, | am pleased to share our accomplishments over the past
12 months with our valued shareholders.

OIL AND GAS

In following the Group's strategy to optimize our oil and gas
assets, our oil and gas business unit reached many milestones
in FY2013. With a maturing portfolio of three onshore assets
located in Western Indonesia - the most favourable region
in Indonesia for oil and gas exploration - the Group is
continuing to explore and develop these assets for potentially
greater production.

In May 2013, the Group announced its second discovery at the
Lemang block, located in Sumatra, Indonesia, encountering
274 feet of gross pay in exploration drilling. This comes after
the Group's initial discovery at the Lemang block in December
2012, in which the Group discovered 222 feet of gross pay.

Since this discovery, the Group has undertaken an in-depth
study of the block’s Akatara structure with the hopes of
proving up the structure for additional hydrocarbon resources.
This decision proved to be fortuitous, as in February 2014,

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

“We remain
confident that the
Lemang block, as
well as the rest of
Ramba’s oil and

gas assets, has the
potential to take the
Group’s oil and gas
business unit into a
new era in 2014.”

the Group announced the third discovery at the Lemang
block, with Ramba discovering oil and gas at the Akatara-2
appraisal well.

These recent discoveries, as well as the government's
mandate for the Group to transition to the POD for the block,
are bringing the Lemang block closer to future production.

We remain confident that the Lemang block, as well as the
rest of Ramba’s oil and gas assets, has the potential to take the
Group's oil and gas business unit into a new era in 2014.

LOGISTICS

In addition to Ramba’s emerging oil and gas business unit,
the Group's logistics subsidiary, RichLand, remains a leader in
Singapore and the Southeast Asia region.

Traditionally an onshore logistics services provider within
Singapore, RichLand has embarked on a transformational
journey to expand its regional presence and to diversify its
service offerings.

Since the Group's acquisition of RichLand in 2008, RichLand has
successfully moved from being a Singapore-centric enterprise,
to becoming a larger, more regional and more diversified
logistics solutions provider. RichLand has invested heavily in
regional growth since the Group's acquisition, establishing a


--- Page 5 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

formal presence in Malaysia and Indonesia, both of which are
vital regional markets. Additionally, RichLand has embarked
on new and complex projects within the logistics sector to
diversify its service offerings to clients. Most notably, RichLand
began undertaking several large-scale projects for clients in
the oil and gas and petrochemical sectors.

Since 2012, RichLand has been responsible for domestic
warehousing and distribution operations for PT Chandra Asri
Petrochemical Tbk (“CAP”), a major petrochemical company
in the Indonesian market. The $$100-million, 5-year contract
is not only the largest contract in the Group's history, but also
establishes RichLand’s presence in the Indonesian market.
RichLand now manages logistics operations for CAP at
4 locations throughout Java, Indonesia. Additionally, the Group
commenced butadiene distribution operations for a CAP
subsidiary in FY2013, making it the first company in Indonesia
to transport locally manufactured butadiene gas.

Additionally, RichLand’s emerging project logistics division was
awarded its first oil and gas rig mobilisation project in FY2013,
successfully transporting an operational rig from Sumatra,

Indonesia, to Kalimantan, Indonesia, for an established domestic
oil and gas services company. The successful project is another
example of the Group's efforts to diversify its service offerings to
clients, and to evolve within an ever-changing industry.

In looking ahead, RichLandwill continue to pursue opportunities
to expand its regional footprint in new and existing markets,
while keeping Singapore as its main business hub.

LOOKING AHEAD

Looking ahead, we will continue to implement our sound
strategy in all future endeavours, and will continue to find ways
to deliver value to our shareholders. | remain highly confident
in the Group's future, and wish to thank all shareholders and
stakeholders for their on-going support.

Sincerely,

Mr Aditya Wisnuwardana Seky Soeryadjaya
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director



--- Page 6 ---

6 ANNUAL REPORT 2013

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

From left to right: Mr Bambang Nugroho, Mr Tay Ah Kong Bernard, Mr Daniel Zier Johannes Jol, Mr Tan Chong Huat,
Mr Aditya Wisnuwardana Seky Soeryadjaya, Mr Chee Teck Kwong Patrick, Ms Lanymarta Ganadjaja.

“As we look to 2014 and beyond, we will continue in our strategy
to optimise both our oil and gas logistics businesses, and to provide
shareholders with the opportunity to capitalize on the abundance
of business opportunities present in Singapore and Indonesia.”

-Mr Tan Chong Huat,
Non-Executive Chariman


--- Page 7 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

MR TAN CHONG HUAT
Non-Executive Chairman

Mr Tan Chong Huat is the Non-Executive Chairman of Ramba,
holding the position since 2008. He is also the Managing
Partner and one of the founding members of RHTLaw Taylor
Wessing LLP. He is currently the head of its Corporate and
Securities Practice.

Mr Tan has extensive experience in corporate, banking and
project finance law in Singapore and the region, and has acted
in numerous significant corporate transactions. He has been
named a leading practitioner in many reputable professional
publications.

Mr Tan is an adjunct associate professor of the Law Faculty,
National University of Singapore and the Nanyang Business
School, Nanyang Technological University. Besides authoring
two leading pieces of literature on PRC investment laws, he
has co-authored a title on “Corporate Governance of Listed
Companies in Singapore,” and is a co-editor for a new title on
“Corporate governance: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.”

A Fellow with the Singapore Institute of Directors, Mr Tan is also
chairman of corporate governance committees and director of
several public listed companies.

His recent appointments include being council member of
Corporate Governance Council of the Monetary Authority of
Singapore and the Football Association of Singapore.

Mr Tan graduated with a degree in Law from the National
University of Singapore and a Master of Law from the University
of London. He is an advocate and solicitor in Singapore, a
solicitor in England and Wales, and a solicitor in the Supreme
Court of New South Wales, Australia. He is a Notary Public
and a Commissioner for Oaths. He is a fellow of the Singapore
Institute of Arbitrators and the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators
and an accredited arbitrator with the China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission.

MR ADITYA WISNUWARDANA SEKY SOERYADJAYA
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Mr Aditya Wisnuwardana Seky Soeryadjaya is the Chief
Executive Officer and the Executive Director of Ramba, and a
founding member of the Group in its current form.

Mr Soeryadjaya has helped develop the Group's logistics and
oil and gas business units into what they are today. His vision
is to make Ramba a significant energy producer in Indonesia
through continued diversification and growth.

Prior to joining Ramba, he gained international work experience
in the United States, working with the New York office of Ernst
& Young. Additionally, he founded a real estate and mortgage
brokerage company in Irvine, California that was eventually
acquired by a major real estate brokerage.

In 2007, he returned to Indonesia to pursue a career in the
energy sector.

Mr Soeryadjaya graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree
in Accounting from the University of Southern California in Los
Angeles, California, U.S.


--- Page 8 ---

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

air

MR DANIEL ZIER JOHANNES JOL
Commercial Director and
Executive Director

Mr Daniel Zier Johannes Jol is the
Commercial Director and the Executive
Director of Ramba, and a founding
member of the Group in its current form.
He is responsible for the organization’s
strategic direction and oversees the
logistics and oil and gas businesses,
including the supervision of business
development, rebranding, value creation
and streamlining of the business.
He proactively targets, assesses and
executes merger and acquisition
opportunities and is heavily involved
in the  organization’s investment,
fundraising and budget preparation. Mr
Jol’s continuous dedication to develop
the Group's oil and gas business has
helped transform Ramba into a growing
oil and gas company in addition to being
a stable logistics enterprise.

His prior experience includes Upstream
Business Development at Marking
Services Inc, and Operations at Ballast
Ham Dredging, where he was assigned
to various reclamation, soil improvement
and dredging projects in Southeast Asia.

Mr Jol graduated with a Bachelor of
Science degree in Civil Engineering from
Purdue University in West Lafayette,
Indiana, U.S., and a Master’s Degree in
Business Administration from National
University of Singapore.

pi

MS LANYMARTA GANADJAJA
Executive Director

Ms Lanymarta Ganadjaja is the Executive
Director of Ramba. She heads the
Internal Compliance Group with
teams in Singapore and Indonesia.
She also drives the Risk Management
Committee, which reports quarterly to
the Audit Committee and the Board of
Directors. Ms Ganadjaja brings with her
over 25 years of experience in finance,
accounting and auditing. She provides
valuable guidance to the Oil & Gas
Accounting, tax and finance function in
Indonesia.

Prior to joining Ramba, she was the Chief
Financial Officer at Tristar. Additionally,
Ms Ganadjaja was the Financial
Controller and Management Accounting
Director at PT Tirta Investama, the
holding company of Aqua-Danone in
Indonesia. Her previous positions include
Finance and Accounting Manager at PT
Ika Muda Seafoods International and
Internal Auditor at Astra Group.

Ms Ganadjaja holds a degree in
Economics with a major in Accounting
from Parahyangan Catholic University
in Bandung, Indonesia. She also holds
certificates in Certified Management

Accounting, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, Actuary Calculation, Effective
Budgeting, Accounting for Mergers

and Consolidation Financial Reporting,
and Oil & Gas Accounting and Financial
Reporting.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

dn

MR BAMBANG NUGROHO.
Executive Director and Technical Director

Mr Bambang Nugroho is Executive
Director of Ramba and a veteran in the
oil and gas industry.

Prior to joining Ramba, Mr Nugroho
was the Vice President of Business
Development at Elnusa Tristar Ramba
Limited, where he was responsible for
project creation to develop existing oil
reserves and increase production. He
was also with Indonesian state-owned oil
and gas company Pertamina, assuming
various positions including Director and
CEO of the Upstream Business, Vice
President of Corporate HSE, ATD of
E&P Business Development, General
Manager of JOB Pertamina Talisman
Canada Ltd, and Exploitation Manager
of South Sumatra Region.

Subsequent to Mr Nugroho’s appoint-
ment at Ramba, he has since been
appointed as President and CEO
of Elnusa Tristar Ramba Limited.
Mr Nugroho has published many
papers including “Asset Management:
Optimizing the Natural Resources
Assets.”

Mr Nugroho graduated with a degree in
Petroleum Engineering from Bandung
Institute of Technology in Bandung,
Indonesia.

Mr Nugroho is currently a Member of
the Indonesian Petroleum Association,
the Society of Petroleum Engineers and
the Society of Indonesian Petroleum
Engineers.


--- Page 9 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

MR CHEE TECK KWONG PATRICK
Independent Director

Mr Chee Teck Kwong Patrick, PBM, was appointed as an
Independent Director in 2005.

Mr Chee is an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of
the Republic of Singapore since 1980 and is also admitted as a
solicitor of the Senior Courts of England and Wales.

He is currently practicing as a Senior Legal Consultant
with KhattarWong LLP. Mr Chee is a Notary Public and a
Commissioner for Oaths. He is a member of Singapore Institute
of Arbitrators and Singapore Institute of Directors. He also sits
on the board of China International Holdings Limited, Hanwell
Holdings Limited, CSC Holdings Limited, Singapore Windsor
Holdings Limited, Tat Seng Packaging Group Ltd, Hai Leck
Holdings Limited and Hengxin Technology Ltd.

Mr Chee is active in community service and he is also the
recipient of the National Day Awards 2003 - The Public Service
Medal from the President of Republic of Singapore.

Mr Chee holds a Bachelor of Laws (Hons) Degree from the
University of Singapore.

MR TAY AH KONG BERNARD
Independent Director

Mr Tay Ah Kong Bernard is currently the Non-Executive
Chairman of Crowe Horwath First Trust LLP, which is a Certified
Public Accountants firm and Chairman of the Risk Committee
of RHT Capital Pte. Ltd. (“RHT”). RHT is an approved SGX
(Catalist) Continuing Sponsor's Company. Mr Tay is an
Independent Director of several public companies listed on
the SGX Mainboard and Catalist, including a dual Listing on
SEHK Mainboard.

He is the President of the Automobile Association of Singapore
and Chairman of Singapore Road Safety Council. Mr Tay is also
the Vice President of the Singapore Productivity Association
and a member of the Ministry of Home Affairs - Community
Involvement Steering Committee. He was appointed as Senior
Advisor to the Government of Huzhou City, Zhejiang Province
of the People’s Republic of China.

He is a recipient of the Service to Education Award and
Community Service Medal and was conferred the Bintang
Bakti Masyarakat (Public Service Star) and the Pingat Bakti
Masyarakat (Public Service Medal) by the President of the
Republic of Singapore.

In addition, he was a Member of the Resource Panel of the
Government Parliamentary Committees for Home Affairs and
Communications. He had also sat on several committees
under the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority,
which includes the Complaints and Disciplinary Panel - Public
Accountants Oversight Committee, Standing Law Review
Focus Group and Directors’ Duties Study Team. He was also a
Member of the Singapore Corporate Awards Judging Panel for
the Best Annual Report Award.

Mr Tay is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants (U.K.), the Institute of Singapore Chartered
Accountants and the Singapore Institute of Directors. He is
also a Chartered Accountant of Malaysia.

Mr Tay has a wide range of experience from having worked in
public accounting firms in the United Kingdom and Singapore,
the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore and companies in
commerce, industry and management consulting for a period
over 30 years.


--- Page 10 ---

10

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

MR COLIN MORAN
Logistics Director

Mr Colin Moran is the Logistics Director for Ramba and a
member of the Board of Directors of Richland Global Pte Ltd,
the holding company of Richland. He joined the Group in 2010.

Mr Moran brings 25 years of experience, expertise and
leadership to the organization, and is fully responsible for the
development of the logistics business unit. His ambition is
to make RichLand one of the largest Southeast Asian-based
logistics companies through continued geographic growth
and business diversification within the region.

He has in-depth experience in the contract logistics, express
courier and freight forwarding industries specific to the
Southeast Asia region, having spent 18 years based in
Singapore and Indonesia.

Prior to joining Ramba, he was the Vice President of Business
Development for CEVA Logistics for the APAC region. He was
also the Managing Director of TNT Logistics Asia for 5 years,
responsible for the management of over 6,000 employees.

Mr Moran holds several certificates in leadership and supply
chain management from leading international educational
institutions.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

MR LEE SECK HWEE
Chief Financial Officer

Mr Lee Seck Hwee is the Chief Financial Officer for Ramba,
joining the Group since 2008. He is responsible for matters
related to corporate finance and treasury, reporting, accounting
and taxation for the Group. He is actively involved in the
financial and related administrative functions concerning the
Group's acquisition and business opportunities.

Mr Lee brings with him over 30 years of finance experience,
which includes serving as Head of Finance at the group level
of SMOE, Sembcorp Engineers & Constructors, Trans Eurokars,
and Beloit Asia Pacific.

Mr Lee is a Chartered Certified Accountant of the U.K. and
a Chartered Accountant of Singapore. He holds a Master of
Applied Finance from Macquarie University in Australia. Mr Lee
is a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
(U.K.) and the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.


--- Page 11 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT

MR CHRIS WHITMEE
Principal Technical Advisor

An industry veteran with 40 years of oil and gas experience,
Mr Chris Whitmee provides counsel to Ramba for technical
operations related to the Group's assets. In particular,
Mr Whitmee reviews the various work programme and budget
submissions, advises on specific operational programmes
for the evaluation of the Group's various Indonesian assets,
monitors production from the Group's producing asset and
advises on optimisation.

Mr Whitmee has provided previous consulting services to
major multinational oil and gas companies in various countries.
He has extensive experience in the Southeast Asia region as
he has provided consulting services in Indonesia, Malaysia,
Bangladesh, Thailand, the Philippines and Myanmar. He has
also worked in the United States, Europe and Africa in various
industry positions.

Mr Whitmee holds an Honours degree in Oil Technology
from the Royal School of Mines, Imperial College, University
of London.

> e
bh

MR BAMBANG SATYA MURTI
General Manager and Technical Expert

Mr Bambang Satya Murti is the General Manager for the
Lemang block and Technical Expert.

Mr Murti is a geoscientist and lead interpreter with over
20 years of experience in the petroleum industry. Prior to joining
Ramba, he worked with Caltex, Huffco, ConocoPhillips, and
Halliburton. His last posting was to manage a team to maximize
the productivity of seven brown fields in South Sumatra.

Mr Murti is an expert in conducting and leading integrated sub-
surface interpretation teams, block acquisition and evaluation.
Additionally, he has published many papers and is an active
member of the Indonesia Petroleum Association, and the
Indonesia Geologists Association.

Mr Murti was appointed Head of Exploration for the Group in
late 2013.

Mr Murti graduated with a degree in Geology from Gadjah
Mada University in Jakarta, Indonesia.


--- Page 12 ---

12

TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT

MR OTONG ADISAPOETRA
Head of Health, Safety and Environmental Affairs

Mr Otong Adisapoetra is the Head of Health, Safety and
Environmental Affairs for Ramba’s oil and gas business unit.
He is responsible for ensuring safe and sustainable operations
in all areas of the Group’s oil and gas operations. He is leading
a “zero tolerance” policy aimed to increase safety at all Group
sites. He brings a passion for safety and the environment to
the position.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr Adisapoetra was the General
Manager for the TAC Pertamina — Ellipse Energy Jatirarangon
Wahana Ltd. (now known as Ramba Energy Jatirarangon Ltd.).
With 35 years of experience in the oil and gas industry,
Mr Adisapoetra has experience in various roles with IIACO
(Independent Indonesia American Company/Diamond
Shamrock), Maxus Southeast Sumatra Ltd, and Maxus YPF /
Repsol (now CNOOC Ltd).

Mr Adisapoetra’s achievements include the implementation of
ISO-14001 certification for environmental management.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

MR SUTIKNO YUDI SUHARJO
Senior Advisor and Technical Expert

Mr Sutikno Yudi Suharjo joined Ramba in early 2012, and is
a Director for two of the Group's subsidiaries, namely Ramba
Energy Jatirarangon Limited and Ramba Energy West Jambi
Limited.

A veteran of the Indonesian oil and gas industry with nearly
30 years of experience, he has worked for several multinational
oil and gas exploration and production companies operating
in Indonesia, gaining experience in both onshore and offshore
operations. His previous work experience includes Asamera Oil,
Gulf Resources, and ConocoPhillips. Furthermore, Mr Suharjo
gained international experience with Gulf Resources, as he was
responsible for the company’s engineering operations at sites
in Western Canada.

Mr Suharjo holds a master’s degree in petroleum engineering
from Tulsa University in Tulsa, Oklahoma, U.S.


--- Page 13 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

FINANCIAL REVIEW

2013 MILESTONES:

Group announces second
discovery at the Lemang
block encountering 274 feet
of gross pay

RichLand begins work
on first oil and gas rig
mobilisation project
in Indonesia

Group successfully raises
approximately $$19.4
million in gross proceeds
from rights issue

CONFIDENT IN OUR SOUND STRATEGY

Building upon its success in recent years, the Group once again
booked record revenue in FY2013, as total Group revenue
reached $$75.8 million for the year, a 1.2% increase from
$$75.0 million in revenue recorded in FY2012. The increase
in revenue is attributed to the growth of the Group's logistics
business unit.

In February 2013, the Group successfully completed its
rights issue and allotted 96,831,204 ordinary shares, raising
approximately $$19.4 million in gross proceeds. The majority
of the proceeds from the rights issue were used for activities
related to the Group's oil and gas work program.

The success of the rights issue serves as an example of
continued shareholder confidence in the Group’s management
and its strategy for the future.

GREATER CONTRIBUTION FROM LOGISTICS OPERATIONS
As was the case in previous years, the majority of Group
revenue for FY2013 came from the Group's logistics unit,
RichLand. Successful logistics operations throughout the year
resulted in the business unit booking $$66.0 million in revenue
for FY2013, a 4.3% increase from the previous year.

The increase in logistics revenue is attributed to increased
Indonesia operations, awarding of new business to RichLand’s
project logistics business unit, and the successful retention of
major clients in Singapore, all of which were top priorities for
RichLand in FY2013.

OIL AND GAS

As for the Group’s emerging oil and gas business unit, 2013
marked another year of strategic investment in the Group's
exploration assets, most notably the Lemang block. The Group
announced the second successful oil and gas discovery at the

Potential oil and gas
discovery in successful
appraisal drilling at the
Lemang block

RichLand becomes
the first company in
Indonesia to transport
locally manufactured
butadiene gas

Group achieves
record revenue of
$$75.8 million for
FY 2013

block in May 2013, as well as the successful completion of
appraisal drilling at the block’s Akatara-2 well in August 2013.
This appraisal drilling was validated in February 2014, as the
Group announced its third successful oil and gas discovery at
the block.

Following the successful exploration at the Lemang block,
the Group is making preparations for commencement of
commercial production (“COCP”) and will submit the plan of
development (“POD”) to the relevant authorities in due course.

Year-on-Year Revenue

80
5$75.0 9875.8
70 $$68.0
_ 60
A
2 S$51.7
= 50
A
B®
$
2 40
$ $$33.4
: \
[4
‘a2 30
J
2
6
20
10
0
2009 -«2010~=*«011S”S=«iOT—~SC«TB

Financial Year


--- Page 14 ---

14

FINANCIAL REVIEW

GREATER CONTRIBUTION FROM INDONESIA OPERATIONS
Indonesia proved to be a major contributor to the Group's
revenue for FY2013. Revenue from Indonesia assets and
operations comprised approximately 40% of Group revenue
for FY2013, increasing to $$30.4 million.

With on-going oil and gas production, and increased revenue
from logistics operations in the country, the Group is quickly
establishing its presence in the Indonesian market for both of
its core business units.

RichLand increased revenue from Indonesia operations after
commencing operations for domestic butadiene distribution,
an important industrial gas, making it the only company to
transport locally manufactured butadiene gas in Indonesia.

Furthermore, the Group's project logistics business unit
successfully completed its first oil and gas rig mobilisation
project — moving an operational rig from Sumatra, Indonesia,
to Kalimantan, Indonesia - a significant milestone for the
business unit.

Indonesia vs. Total Group Revenue

Year-on-Year Revenue

80
S$75.0 S$75.8
70 S$68.0
60
S$51.7

£ 50
wa
2
$
2 40
o
>
2 $$30.4
a 30 $$27.7
3
6 $$20.8

20

ay S$5.9

()
2010 2011 2012 2013
Financial Year
IB Indonesia ™© Total Group Revenue

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

BALANCE SHEET

Non-current assets increased by $$18.4 million to $81.0 million
mainly due to the increase in the investment for exploration
and evaluation assets by $$13.8 million, resulting from drilling
and exploration activities carried out for the Lemang and
Jatirarangon blocks.

Current liabilities increased by $$6.2 million to $$34.8 million
due to an external loan of $$3.6 million and higher trade
payables of $$1.6 million as a result of oil and gas activities.

OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES

As oil and gas exploration is a high-risk, high-cost business
with intensive capital expenditure required in the initial stages,
the Group recorded a loss attributable to shareholders of
$$15.3 million in FY2013.

The loss is the result of the Group’s operating expenses
increasing to $$89.9 million for the year, mainly due to on-
going costs associated with the Group's continued investment
in its oil and gas exploration and production activities, which
include higher operating costs, equipment costs, and greater
headcount for additional employees. Additionally, the Group
recorded higher operating costs for its logistics business unit
due to higher manpower and operating costs in Singapore as
a result of changing regulations, as well as negative exposure
to foreign exchange rates.

Despite the high costs associated with exploring the Group's
oil and gas assets, management remains confident in its
current financial position. Furthermore, the Group remains
highly optimistic that the on-going investment in its Indonesian
assets will be beneficial for the Group and its shareholders in
the future.



--- Page 15 ---

at

Drilling operations.at the-Lemang bl.

OIL AND GAS TIMELINE:

FEBRUARY 2008:

Group commences acquisition of RichLand
Group Limited with the intent of creating a
business with two core areas of focus: oil and gas
exploration and production and logistics services

DECEMBER 2010:
Group records first oil and gas revenue of S$5.2
million for FY 2010 from Jatirarangon block

JUNE 2011:

Group is awarded the West Jambi block, located
in. Sumatra, Indonesia; Group is given the rights
to manage the block until 2031

JULY 201

Group's initial interest inthe Lemang block valued
by international petroleum consultancy DeGolyer
& MacNaughton at'US$193.6 million

- 511 million Barrels of oil*

+468 billion cubic feet of gas*

OCTOBER 2011:

Group successfully doubles production from the
Jatirarangon block; oil and gas revenue increases
by 61% for the year

DECEMBER 2012:
First discovery at the Lemang block; Group
discovers 222 feet of gross pay at the Selong-1 well

MAY 2013:
Second discovery at the Lemang block; Group
discovers 274 feet of gross pay at the Akatara-1 well

AUGUST, 2013:

Group announces potential oil and gas discovery
in successful appraisal drilling at Akatara-2
appraisal well

JANUARY 2014:
Group announces that Government of Indon
mandates the transition to POD for Lemang block

FEBRUARY 2014:

Group announces third discovery at the Lemang
block after successful well testing at Akatara-2
appraisal well

*Note: Gross recoverable pective resources.



--- Page 16 ---

16

BUSINESS REVIEW: OIL AND GAS

INDONESIA: A UNIQUE OIL AND GAS OPPORTUNITY

As Southeast Asia's largest economy, Indonesia remains one
of the most attractive oil and gas markets in the region. With
a growing middle and consumer class, Indonesia is projected
to become the world’s seventh-largest economy by 2030 with
a projected domestic energy market worth approximately
US$270 billion.*

Understanding the abundance of opportunities in the
Indonesian market, the Group is committed to the country for
years to come.

With proven reserves of approximately 3.7 billion barrels of oil
and 103.3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas**, access to oil and
gas is vital to Indonesia's continued economic growth. Ramba

*Note: McKinsey Global Institute, “The Archipelago Economy,” 2012.
**Note: BP p.l.c., “BP Statistical Review of World Energy,” 2013.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

understands the unique opportunity to exploit oil and gas from
the Group's Indonesian asset portfolio and to contribute to the
country’s future energy needs.

In following the Group's strategy to explore, develop and exploit
onshore assets located in proven basins in Western Indonesia,
Ramba is offering its shareholders the opportunity to invest in
lower-risk, lower-cost assets in Indonesia. All of Ramba’s assets
are in proximity to necessary infrastructure and domestic
energy markets, greatly simplifying the commercialization of
its oil and gas discoveries.

The Group is already producing oil and gas from the
Jatirarangon block, located in West Java, which has been in


--- Page 17 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

BUSINESS REVIEW: OIL AND GAS

<# -

Ramba’s portfolio since 2010. Ramba successfully doubled gas
production from the Jatirarangon block in 2011, resulting in
a 61% increase in oil and gas revenue for the Group for that
fiscal year.

The Lemang block, located in Sumatra, is the largest asset
in the Group's portfolio and has been the primary focus of
exploration operations during the past year. In following
Ramba’s first discovery in exploration drilling at the block
in December 2012, the Group has made a total of three
discoveries at the Lemang block.

These three exploration discoveries mark the largest in the
Group's history, and affirm Ramba’s strategy to create value
from lower-risk, lower-cost assets.

Additionally, the West Jambi block, located in Sumatra, is
the most recent addition to Ramba’s asset portfolio. After
being awarded the KSO agreement in 2011 by Indonesian
State-owned oil and gas company PT Pertamina (Persero)
(“Pertamina”), Ramba has made substantial progress in
its geophysical and geological work and plans to drill two
exploration wells in 2014.


--- Page 18 ---

18

BUSINESS REVIEW: OIL AND GAS

JATIRARANGON BLOCK
WEST JAVA, INDONESIA

OVERVIEW

The Jatirarangon block - Ramba’s sole producing asset —
is located in West Java, approximately 40 kilometres from the
capital of Jakarta. As the block is strategically located in one
of the most populous areas in Indonesia, it provides the Group
with proximity to necessary infrastructure and domestic energy
markets.

Ramba obtained 70% participating interest in the block in
2010, recording its first revenue from oil and gas production in
that same year. The remaining 30% working interest is held by
PT Wahana Sad Karya as a non-operator.

The Jatirarangon block has been in commercial production
since 2004, and holds an estimated 56.7 billion cubic feet of
gas reserves. The block comprises an area of approximately
123 square kilometres and has six known formations, Cisubuh,
Cibulakan, Parigi, Baturaja, Talang Akar and Jatibarang.

Since coming into Ramba’s portfolio, the Jatirarangon block
has been an essential source of revenue for the Group's
emerging oil and gas business unit.

GAS PRICE INCREASE

Ramba is under an agreement to supply the gas produced at
the Jatirarangon block to the Indonesian gas distribution firm
PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) Tbk (“PGN”) until 2014.
In April 2011, Ramba successfully negotiated a 70% increase in
the sale price of gas with PGN to US$4.332/mmbtu with a 3%
escalation per annum. In 2013, the gas sale price increased to
US$4.59/mmbtu.

The Group is already in discussions with third parties for potential
sale of gas from the Jatirarangon block following the expiry of its
current agreement with PGN, and expects a significant increase
in the sale price for gas starting in late 2014.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

LONG-TERM REVENUE FROM GAS PRODUCTION

In 2010, Ramba recorded its first oil and gas revenue due
to production from the Jatirarangon block, recording
$$5.2 million in FY2010.

In 2011, Ramba successfully doubled gas production
from the Western closure of the block, with the JRR-
7 well reaching peak production levels of 4.0 million
standard cubic feet per day (“mmscfd”). The increase in
gas production led to the Group recording $$8.4 million in
gas sales revenue in FY2011, a 61% increase from FY2010.
The revenue from the on-going production from the
Jatirarangon block has been beneficial as the Group's
emerging oil and gas business unit continues its exploration
work program.

Additionally, in 2013, the Group successfully completed
development drilling at the block's JRR-1 well, deepening
the well to approximately 8,900 feet. Hydrocarbons were
confirmed in well log analysis, and extended well testing will
be conducted in the future.

LOOKING AHEAD

The Group expects to maintain production from the
Jatirarangon block in 2014 and beyond, and to continue to
generate oil and gas revenue from the block. As the Group's first
producing asset, the Jatirarangon block serves as an example
to the Group's technical capabilities in commercializing oil and
gas resources.

In the future, the Jatirarangon block will remain a core asset of
the Group's oil and gas division.



--- Page 19 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

BUSINESS REVIEW: OIL AND GAS

LEMANG BLOCK
SUMATRA, INDONESIA

OVERVIEW

The Lemang block is located in Jambi and Riau provinces,
Sumatra, Indonesia, and is the primary focus of Ramba’s current
oil and gas exploration operations. The block is located in the
South Sumatra basin, a proven geological basin with one of
the highest technical success rates for oil and gas exploration
in Indonesia.

Covering an initial area of 4,238 square kilometres, the Lemang
block is the largest asset in Ramba’s portfolio with over 27
prospects and leads.

The Lemang block is adjacent to the Jabung block, a currently
producing block operated by PetroChina with output of
approximately 53,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day
(“boepd") (Jakarta Post, 2012).

In 2009, the Group purchased a 41% participating interest
and operating rights to the block for a purchase price of
US$7_ million. Currently, Ramba’s subsidiary, PT Hexindo
Gamilang Jaya, holds a 51% participating interest in the
Lemang block as a result of the Group's December 2011
restructuring with respect to its interest in the block.

The Lemang PSC agreement expires in 2037.

INDEPENDENT VALUATION OF THE BLOCK

In July 2011, Ramba announced the results of an independent,
third party valuation of the Lemang block. International
petroleum consultancy, DeGolyer & MacNaughton valued
Ramba’s 41% stake in the Lemang block at US$193.6 million*.

The report values 10 prospects and leads throughout the
block, and estimates the block as holding 511 million barrels
of oil and 468 billion cubic feet of gas (gross prospective
recoverable resources).

The 10 prospects and leads covered by the report are Akatara,
Wajik, Ampyang-1, Sagon, Arem Arem, SMD-1, CMP-1,
Ampyang-2, Sagon and Wajik.

EXPLORATION SUCCESS

Since 2011, the Group’s primary focus has been to explore
the Lemang block’s Akatara oil and gas bearing structure,
located in the southeast area of the block. The 2011 DeGoyler
& MacNaughton valuation of the Lemang block estimates the
Akatara structure as holding approximately 147.2 million barrels
of oil (gross prospective recoverable resources, unrisked).

Since this valuation, the Group has made three major
hydrocarbon discoveries at the Akatara structure.

In December 2012, the Group announced its first discovery at
the Lemang block, at the Selong-1 exploration well. During
exploration drilling, Ramba successfully encountered 222 feet
of gross pay (approximately 790 barrels oil per day ("bopd”)
and 16.8 mmscfd).

In May 2013, the Group announced its second discovery
at the Lemang block, at the Akatara-1 exploration well, in which
the Group encountered 274 feet of gross pay (approximately
11.0 mmscfd and 380 barrels of condensate per day).

Most recently, in February 2014, the Group announced its third
discovery at the block, after successfully completing drilling
at the Akatara-2 appraisal well. The intent of appraisal drilling
was to prove up the Akatara structure for potential additional
hydrocarbon resources. Drill Stem Test results were positive,
indicating flow rates of 2,300 bopd and 5.4 mmscfd.

The aggregate initial flow rate of the Selong-1, Akatara-1 and
Akatara-2 wells currently stands at approximately 9,500 boepd.

These discoveries mark the largest exploration discoveries in
Ramba’s history, and validate the Group's long-term strategy in
exploring the Lemang block.

As a result of the exploration success at the Akatara structure,
the Government of Indonesia has mandated that the Group
transition from its exploration program to the POD for the
Lemang block. As this is an important step forward in the
development of the block, the Group is highly optimistic in
the potential for future commercial production from the asset.

*Note: This valuation was conducted prior to the restructuring with respect to the Group's interest in the Lemang block in December 2011.


--- Page 20 ---

20

BUSINESS REVIEW: OIL AND GAS

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

WEST JAMBI BLOCK
SUMATRA, INDONESIA

OVERVIEW

The West Jambi block, located in Sumatra, is the newest
addition to Ramba’s oil and gas portfolio. The block is located
in the northern area of the hydrocarbon-rich South Sumatra
basin, tectonically known as the back-arc basin. The asset
comprises of two areas, West Jambi | and West Jambi Il.
The block is located in one of the most favourable areas for oil
and gas exploration in Indonesia, as the block is strategically
located in proximity to necessary infrastructure, such as the
Trans Sumatra Pipeline.

Ramba holds a 100% working interest in the West Jambi block.

SUCCESSFUL BID FOR ASSET

In June 2011, Ramba formally executed a KSO agreement
with Indonesian state-owned oil and gas company Pertamina
following a successful bid for the West Jambi block in October
2010. The KSO gives Ramba the rights to explore and exploit
the asset for 20 years.

Ramba has performed G&G studies and the reprocessing of
2D seismic data relating to the asset.

FUTURE PLANS
The Group plans to drill 2 exploration wells in 2014, as well as
execute 2D seismic and begin 3D seismic at the block.

BENEFITTING FROM OUR SOUND STRATEGY
As the Group continues its oil and gas work program, it remains
confident in its sound strategy.

As the recent operational success in FY2013 proves, the
Group's long-term strategy is beginning to yield positive
results and value creation, which management expects to be
passed along to shareholders.

As the Group’s work program progresses, management is
excited to continue to exploit future opportunities from its
maturing oil and gas business unit.


--- Page 21 ---

LOGISTICS: TIMELINE: OVER,20 YEARS
OF, DELIVERING PROMISES

1992:
RichLand founded in)Singapore

1992-2004:
RichLand grows to become a leading domestic
logistics company in Singapore

2004:
RichLand lists on Singapore Stock Exchange
Mainboard

2007:
RichLandsexpands into Indonesia

a 7

2008:
RichLand is acquired by Redmount Holdings Limited

2009:

Group changes itsname to Ramba Energy
Limited; ventures intovoil and gas exploration and
production and logistics services

2009:

RichLand expands into chemical logistics sector
through the successful acquisition of a regional
chemical logistics company, giving the Group a
network of agentsiacross the Asia Pacific region
and a current fleet of 400 ISO-tanks

2009:
RichLand establishes RichLand Project Logistics

2010:
RichLand is awarded 2 major chemical logistics
contracts.in Indonesia

2011:
Richkand completes first marinedogistics project
worth $$10 million

2012:

RichLand announces $$100-million warehousing
and distribution contract in Indonesia with PT
Chandra Asri Petrochemical Tbk; new contract
is the largest in RichLand’s history and affirms
RichLand's presence in Indonesia

2012:
RichLand.celebrates 20-year anniversary in Singapore

2013:
RichLand completes'tig mobilisation project in
Indonesia, the first in the Group’s history

2013:

RichLand becomes'the first company in Indonesia
to transport locally manufactured butadiene gas



--- Page 22 ---

22

BUSINESS REVIEW: LOGISTICS

LOGISTICS OVERVIEW

The Group's wholly-owned subsidiary, RichLand, is a thriving
and longstanding logistics business with over 20 years of
experience in providing logistics solutions to customers.
Already a leading logistics company in airport terminal handling
and domestic distribution services in Singapore, RichLand is
now increasing its presence throughout the Southeast Asia
region. With regional offices in Kuantan, Malaysia, and Jakarta,
Indonesia — as well a network of agents spanning from India to
South Korea — RichLand is in transition to become a regionally
competitive logistics solutions provider across Southeast Asia.

RichLand now employs more than 1,000 staff throughout the
Asia Pacific region. Additionally, RichLand operates a transport
fleet of more than 400 trucks and trailers, and manages over
400 ISO-tanks. Furthermore, RichLand manages more than
1,200,000 square feet of warehousing capacity, delivering
more than 2 million tonnes per year.

2013: FIFTH CONSECUTIVE YEAR OF REVENUE GROWTH
The past year saw RichLand achieve record revenue once
again, as it continued its five-year trend of booking year-on-
year revenue growth. In FY2013, RichLand recorded year-end
revenue of S$66.0 million for the year, a 4.3% increase from
FY2012. The increase in revenue is largely attributed to the
Group's Indonesia operations.

Revenue figures for FY2013 reflect the commercial benefits of
RichLand’s on-going investments in new business opportunities
across the region, as well as the results of sustained operations
in Singapore. In addition to regional expansion, RichLand
continued to prioritize customer retention in Singapore with
value-added services, and a new push into spare parts, after-

market supply and distribution.
.

Richland “

—
—— LOGISTICS

~

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

Year-on-Year Revenue

80

70 S$66
$$63
60 S$57

50

S$43
40
S$30
30

20

Logistics Revenue (S$ million)

10

2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

Financial Year

PROJECT LOGISTICS

The Group's project logistics business unit is continuing to
undertake highly complex and sophisticated logistics projects.
After successfully completing its inaugural project in FY2011 -
a $$10-million marine spread project for a major, international
oil and gas company in the Natuna Sea, Indonesia -
the business unit is now providing new and diversified service
offerings to clients in the region.

In FY2013, RichLand successfully completed its first
oil and gas rig mobilisation project in transporting an
operational rig from Sumatra, Indonesia, to Kalimantan,
Indonesia for a domestic oil and gas services company.
The project is the first for RichLand in supporting onshore oil
and gas operations.

Moving ahead, RichLand will continue to explore new
opportunities for its project logistics division, as well as pursue
opportunities for additional offshore projects.


--- Page 23 ---

RAMBA ENERGY LIMITED.

BUSINESS REVIEW: LOGISTICS

23

DELIVERING PROMISES ACROSS THE ARCHIPELAGO

The past year was another year of accomplishments for
RichLand’s operations in Indonesia. Since refocusing on the
Indonesian market in 2010, RichLand has since capitalized
on the country’s economic growth and strong domestic
energy market. After being awarded two major chemical
logistics contracts in 2010, RichLand further expanded its
Indonesia operations in 2012 by securing the largest contract
in the Group's history, a 5-year, $$100-million warehousing
and distribution contract with CAP, a leading Indonesian
petrochemical company.

FY2013 saw an expansion of this important business
relationship with CAP, as RichLand signed a three-year contract
with CAP subsidiary, PT Petrokimia Butadiene Indonesia, for
the transportation of butadiene gas, a liquefied gas used in the
production of synthetic rubber products.

The contract represents not only an important expansion of
RichLand‘s relationship with CAP, but also enables the company
to expand its chemical logistics business in Indonesia through
the distribution of this important industrial gas.

RichLand is the only company in Indonesia to handle locally
manufactured butadiene gas.

After years of investing in operations in the country, the Group
is now seeing the benefits of its longstanding commitment to
Indonesia. RichLand now employs over 500 staff in Indonesia
and manages five domestic facilities in Java with over 700,000
square feet of warehousing capacity.

Additionally, RichLand delivers over 1,000,000 tonnes of cargo
throughout the archipelago, amounting to approximately
4,000 truckloads per month.

ON-GOING INVESTMENTS IN INNOVATION

As an asset owner and operator, RichLand is continuously
investing in assets and systems to offer its customers
considerably greater control in the management of services
and operations. The past year saw RichLand continue to invest
in assets, technology and personnel with the goal of improving
its service offerings to clients.

Most recently, RichLand has committed more than $$1 million
in technology from SAP to improve productivity and visibility
for both Richland and its customers.

Such technology will provide its customers with features such
as dynamic route planning, GPS tracking, electronic proof of
delivery, pre-alert SMS functions for B2C customers, as well
as customer interfacing for visibility and a seamless flow for
invoicing and settlement.

This substantial investment, combined with continuous
employee training and development programs, is essential
in keeping Richland at the forefront of innovation within this
highly complex industry and to ensure that productivity gains
are achieved.

As RichLand’s IT investments gain traction within the business
unit, RichLand will further push into the market for more
differentiating, value-add services with greater profit margins.


--- Page 24 ---

24

BUSINESS REVIEW: LOGISTICS

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

As a leading logistics solutions provider in Singapore, RichLand
has been committed to improving road safety in the country
and leading by example.

Since 2011, RichLand has been a proud supporter of the ‘Safe
Roads Singapore’ campaign in conjunction with the Singapore
Road Safety Council, Singapore Police Force and the Ministry
of Home Affairs.

The campaign is part of the United Nations ‘Decade of Action,’
a global initiative launched in 2011 to reduce traffic deaths
and injuries around the world through improved education,
awareness and training on road safety.

RichLand has been a financial sponsor of the Safe Roads
Singapore campaign and looks forward to working with
stakeholders to improve traffic safety in all areas in which
RichLand operates.

ANNUAL REPORT 2013

\

A

AAA
ZZ
Zz
Z
=
ze
Zz
i
=
ze
=

RichLand

SUCCESS IN SPITE OF ADVERSITY

FY2013 proved to be a challenging yet rewarding year for
RichLand, as the year marked a period of great challenges and
consolidation within the logistics sector in Singapore. There
is no doubt that the landscape in Singapore has changed
dramatically in recent years due to changing regulations and
policies towards manpower and operating procedures, which
have had a significant impact on the logistics industry.

RichLand is no exception, as the business unit encountered
higher manpower and operating costs in FY2013, which
impacted the Group's bottom line. However, with challenges
come opportunities, as is evident in RichLand’s continued
overseas business expansion.

The Group is extremely proud of RichLand’s ability to continue
to deliver its fifth consecutive year of record revenue growth
despite a challenging environment in Singapore.

Looking ahead, RichLand will remain committed to getting
ahead of the change curve and embracing new industry trends
and practices. Whilst not an easy task, the Group understands
the importance of innovating in a challenging time, and remains
committed to Singapore and the Southeast Asia region.
