

--- Page 1 ---

Financial and regulatory environment

In 2013, the eurozone emerged from recession and embarked on

a gradual and fragile recovery. Continuing weakness of domestic
demand, combined with low inflation, prompted the European
Central Bank to lower interest rates and consider further options. The
Federal Reserve on the other hand had been considering the
phase-out (“tapering”) of its monetary asset purchases, given the
progress of the US recovery. Financial markets were resilient in 2013,
although the prospect of tapering hurt emerging markets.

During 2013, progress was made on a wide range of regulatory
initiatives that had been set in motion after the financial crisis.
Important legislative proposals were already underway to strengthen
banks’ capital and liquidity positions and to ensure the resolvability of
banks. The decision in June 2012 to move towards a European
banking union was followed up in 2013 by further work on the
initiatives to create a Single Supervisory and Single Resolution
Mechanism (“SSM” and “SRM”) for the eurozone. The SSM was
agreed upon in 2013 and is expected to become operational by
November 2014. Although progress on regulatory change was
substantial in 2013, several agreements and compromises that were
reached on some of the key issues may hamper the realisation in the
short term of a true level playing field. ING is concerned that, as a
consequence, the single European banking market will remain
fragmented and that this will continue to limit the ability of cross-
border banks to support the recovery of the European economy.

12 NG Group Annual Report 2013

SLOW ECONOMIC RECOVERY, BUOYANT

FINANCIAL MARKETS

EUROZONE EMERGED FROM RECESSION IN 2013

After six consecutive quarters of negative growth, the eurozone
emerged from recession in 2013. From the second quarter onward,
the currency bloc embarked on a slow and gradual recovery. This
revival was mostly export-led, as domestic demand in many
European countries remained depressed by austerity measures and
deleveraging. Eurozone inflation fell from 2% at the start of 2013
to around 1% at year-end. This was partly driven by declining
contributions of food and energy prices. But inflation of other
goods and services also fell, as the slack in the European economy
remained substantial and kept labour costs low. Low inflation also
prompted talk about deflation, and the European Central Bank
(ECB) reacted with a rate cut in November. With the ECB’s main
refinance rate at 0.25% and the deposit facility at 0.0%, room for
further conventional rate cuts was running out.

The US economy performed better, even despite fiscal headwinds in
the form of sizeable tax increases and austerity measures, and a
temporary government shutdown in October 2013. Negative effects
on household income were offset by low interest rates that pushed
debt service payments as a percentage of household income to their
lowest levels in over 20 years. The US housing market also gathered
steam, fuelled by record-low mortgage rates in early 2013. China
recovered from the growth slowdown of late 2012, although
growth seemed to be financed for a worryingly large part by credit.
Economic and financial reforms are underway though.

TAPER PROSPECTS REALITY CHECK FOR OTHERWISE
BUOYANT FINANCIAL MARKETS

Financial markets in developed economies had a good year, with
stock indices up by double digits. It is difficult to overestimate the
importance of the European Central Bank's Outright Monetary
Transactions programme for the restoration of confidence in the
eurozone. The gradual progress towards crisis resolution and
banking union in Europe also helped to cement the positive
sentiment. Financial markets shrugged off the Cyprus bank
restructuring and political problems in various countries during
2013: spreads between European sovereigns continued to decline.
In the second half of 2013, sentiment was also supported by the
fact that the eurozone was emerging from recession.

Financial markets did react when the Federal Reserve announced

it was considering to phase out its monthly asset purchases
(“tapering”) in May. While this did not bring forward a rate
increase, emerging markets saw an outflow of capital and their
equity, bond and currency markets experienced marked losses. This
did not cause major problems though, as emerging markets’ shock
absorbers are now far stronger than before, with more flexible
exchange rate regimes, more abundant official reserves and less
debt in foreign currency.

ING GROUP FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

ING Group had a successful year in 2013, delivering an improved
underlying result while making significant progress on its
transformation. Our underlying result before tax was EUR 4,400
million in 2013, up 17.1% from 2012. The improvement was mainly
driven by a strong performance at ING Bank, which recorded a
21.6% increase in underlying pre-tax results, as well as an improved
operating result for the ongoing business at NN Group which
increased 6.4% in 2013.


--- Page 2 ---

The 21.6% increase at ING Bank mainly reflects a strengthening of
the interest margin, a positive swing in credit and debt valuation
adjustments and the absence of de-risking losses in 2013. This was
partly offset by 7.9% higher underlying risk costs, while underlying
expenses were almost flat despite higher pension costs and
additional restructuring charges.

At NN Group, the operating result for the ongoing business rose
6.4%, mainly due to higher results at Netherlands Life. This was
driven by a higher investment income, in combination with lower
expenses reflecting the impact of the transformation programme.

In 2013, the net result of ING Group decreased by EUR 929 million
to EUR 3,232 million. The net result was positively impacted by the
above-mentioned increases in underlying result before tax of ING
Bank and operating result of NN Group as well as by EUR 550
million improved non-operating results of NN Group's ongoing
business. These positive impacts were more than offset by EUR 575
million one-off charges restoring the reserve adequacy of Japan
Closed Block VA to the 50% confidence level and the EUR 1.5
billion decrease of net result from “Divestments, discontinued
operations and special items”. The EUR 1.5 billion decrease can be
broken down as follows:
¢ In 2012, gains on the divestments amounted to EUR 1,612
million, while in 2013 the result on the divestment of ING‘s life
insurance units in Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand was more
than offset by the loss on the sale of ING Life Korea.
¢ The result from discontinued operations decreased EUR 574
million, mainly due to lower results from ING U.S. reflecting the
2013 sale of 43% of ING U.S., a lower investment margin at
ING U.S., lower revaluations and higher losses on guaranteed
benefit hedges, net of reserve changes. Furthermore, the sale
of a number of Asian entities in 2013 also contributed to
the decrease.
© The 2013 special items predominantly reflected costs for
restructuring programmes, which are essential to reduce our
future annual expenses. In 2013, special items amounted to
EUR -182 million, compared with EUR -949 million in 2012.

Shareholders’ equity decreased by EUR 5.8 billion, from EUR 51.8
billion at the end of 2012 to EUR 45.9 billion at the end of 2013.
Equity was negatively impacted by revaluations of debt securities,
net of deferred interest crediting to life policyholders, due to higher
interest rates (EUR -3.2 billion), exchange rate differences reflecting
the appreciation of the euro against most currencies (EUR -1.9
billion), the impact of the sale of 43% ING U.S. (EUR -2.5 billion)
and the decrease in the net pension asset (EUR -0.9 billion). These
negative impacts were partly offset by the addition of the net result
(EUR 3.2 billion). Underlying net return on equity, calculated as
underlying net result divided by average IFRS-EU equity, increased
to 6.4% from 5.5% in 2012.

IMPORTANT DEVELOPMENTS IN REGULATION AND
SUPERVISION

The most prominent development in 2013 was the agreement

on the Single Supervisory Mechanism, which will result in a
transfer of prudential regulatory powers from eurozone national
authorities to the ECB. This will become effective in November
2014 and constitutes an important first step in creating a European
banking union.

In general, progress was made with a wide range of other
regulatory initiatives. Nevertheless, ING is concerned that several

agreements that were made in 2013 are compromises that hamper
the realisation in the short term of a true level playing field. As a
consequence, the single European banking market will remain
fragmented, which will continue to limit the ability of cross-border
banks to support the recovery of the European economy.

BANK-WIDE REGULATION

Capital Requirements Regulation and Directive IV
(CRR/CRD IV)

In 2013, the European Union adopted a legislative package to
implement the Basel III agreement in the EU legal framework. This
new package consists of the Capital Requirements Directive lV
(CRD IV) and the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). CRR/CRD
\V was officially agreed upon, allowing for the application of the
Regulation on 1 January 2014. The Directive will have to be
transposed into national law and because of this a few months
delay is envisaged. ING is compliant with the requirements set in
the CRR and is waiting for EBA (European Banking Authority) final
technical standards to be approved to allow for full
implementation. Other important key elements of the Basel III
package are still subject to further consideration and calibration
such as the liquidity ratios and the leverage ratio.

Banking Union: Single Supervisory Mechanism ("SSM")

In 2013, the SSM was agreed upon, whereby prudential regulatory
powers will be transferred from eurozone national authorities to
the European Central Bank (ECB). As a result, approximately 130 of
the eurozone’s largest banks will be directly supervised by the ECB
from November 2014. In the opinion of ING the SSM constitutes an
important first step in creating a European banking union. It will
help to reduce the current inter-dependency between national
governments and national banking systems, and at the same time
will help restoring confidence and growth in the eurozone and the
wider European single market. Moreover, it will contribute to
eliminating uncoordinated national supervisory practices, which are
restricting cross-border banks such as ING from transferring funds
within the company and from financing the economy in the most
efficient way.

Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”)

In December 2013, the BRRD was agreed upon which needs to be
transposed into national law by 1 January 2015. It requires banks to
create recovery and resolution plans, and for an ex-ante (“before
the event”) financed resolution mechanism to be set up. Moreover,
the BRRD requires member states’ legislation to allow for resolution
authorities to use the bail-in tool in case of bank failure. ING has
had its recovery plan in place since November 2012 and work on
resolution planning is in progress in cooperation with DNB and the
Dutch Ministry of Finance. The bail-in tool is an important
mechanism in any future resolution scheme as it gives resolution
authorities the power to write down claims of unsecured creditors
of a failing institution and to convert these claims into equity. The
instrument applies to unsecured liabilities with a number of
exceptions, such as guaranteed deposits and secured liabilities
(including covered bonds). The precise modalities of the bail-in rules
are still under discussion. ING supports the bail-in rules as they

are an important component of the new regulatory framework,
aimed at reducing the possibility that tax payer money will be
needed to bail-out institutions in future crises. Although it was
originally foreseen that bail-in rules would apply from 2018,

the EU agreed in December 2013 that they will take effect on

1 January 2016.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 13

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 3 ---

Financial and regulatory environment continued

Contributions (Deposit Guarantee Scheme) and bank levies
On 1 February 2013, the Dutch State nationalised SNS REAAL, the
fourth-largest systemically important bank in the Netherlands. The
nationalisation, carried out under the Netherlands’ 2012 law on
bank intervention, resulted in shareholders subordinated debt (up
to EUR 1 billion) holders being bailed-in. To reduce the amount of
taxpayer money needed for the nationalisation, the government
imposed a one-time levy of EUR 1 billion on Dutch banks as a
contribution to the SNS nationalisation. This levy will need to be
paid by the banks in 2014. To avoid a disproportionate financial
burden for banks and in view of the ability of banks to lend to

the economy, the introduction of the ex-ante Deposit Guarantee
Scheme ("DGS") was postponed to 1 July 2015.

A number of countries in which ING operates have bank taxes in
place. In 2013 the total amount of such taxes paid by ING
amounted to approximately EUR 200 million. This included EUR
149 million of Dutch banking tax and approximately EUR 50 million
of banking taxes in six other EU countries.

Remuneration

On 26 November 2013, the Dutch Ministry of Finance opened

up a consultation on draft legislation on remuneration within the

financial sector. The anticipated effective date of the legislation is

1 January 2015. The legislation introduces a cap for variable

remuneration of 20% of fixed remuneration for staff covered by

a Collective Labour Agreement (“CLA”) in the Netherlands. The

following exceptions are currently included:

¢ For staff in the Netherlands who are not exclusively covered by
the CLA, the 20% cap does not apply on an individual basis,
but it applies to the average across ING in the Netherlands.

¢ For staff that work predominantly outside of the Netherlands,
but within the EU, there is an individual cap of 100% of variable
remuneration for all staff.

¢ For staff that work predominantly outside the EU, there is an
individual cap of 200% of variable remuneration for all staff,
subject to shareholder approval and notification to the regulator.

The proposal also covers a number of other topics, such as strict
conditions on severance pay, prohibition on guaranteed bonuses,
and tightening of claw-back options.

European and local efforts to improve customer protection
In 2013, the European Commission (EC) continued its legislative
efforts to improve consumer protection in financial services,
particularly for mortgages, investment products and bank accounts.
In addition to EU legislative proposals, various local initiatives to
increase consumer protection took place. In the Netherlands, a
general duty of care for financial services providers was introduced
in the Financial Supervision Act on 1 January 2014. In addition,
various regulators attempted to strengthen consumer protection by
publishing regulations, guidance and best practices. The Financial
Markets Authority ("AFM") continued its efforts to enhance client
centricity within banks in the Netherlands. The AFM is also
investigating whether some of the consumer protection
instruments should be extended to small business clients of banks.

FINANCIAL MARKETS REGULATION

European Market Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”)

One of the most significant regulatory developments in the
financial markets in 2013 was the commencement of the phasing
in of EMIR. The main goal of EMIR is to better protect parties to
over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives transactions, as well as the

14 ING Group Annual Report 2013

derivatives market as a whole. This EU regulation on OTC
derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories came into
force in August 2012 and began to be phased in during 2013.
Delegated acts for the Regulation entered into force in March 2013,
requiring trade repositories to apply for recognition under EMIR
and also requiring central counterparty clearinghouses to apply for
authorisation under EMIR. ING has worked hard to comply with
increased reporting requirements on outstanding derivative
contracts. In addition, ING has helped clients meet EMIR’s
requirements.

Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID”)

MiFID is a European Union law that aims at harmonising regulation
for investment services across the European Economic Area (EEA).
MiFID first became effective in November 2007 and is now being
revised to create MiFID ||. Among the main objectives of the
revision are the aim to strengthen investor protection and more
robust and efficient market structures. At the end of 2013, the
negotiations between European Commission, European Parliament
(EP) and Council of the European Union were their final stages. In
anticipation of the new rules, implementation of MiFID within ING
will gradually start in the course of 2014, with full implementation
expected in 2016. As the Dutch government has developed
national legislation that prohibits granting or receiving inducements
for investment services from January 2014, the impact of MiFID II
will be limited in this area. The full impact on ING‘s financial
markets business has yet to be determined, but it is expected to
be meaningful.

Benchmarks

In 2013, financial benchmarks such as LIBOR were at the centre of
attention due to manipulation by banks of the submissions to these
benchmarks. In 2013, the International Organisation of Securities
Commissions (“IOSCO”) and the European Securities and Markets
Authority (“ESMA") issued principles for the benchmark setting
process that ING fully underwrites. ING has been compliant with
the IOSCO and ESMA principles in its submissions to benchmark
panels such as “EURIBOR” and “EONIA”. In September 2013, the
EC published a legislative proposal for a Regulation on benchmarks
which aims to address concerns about the integrity and accuracy
of benchmarks by regulating administrators of benchmarks,
contributors to benchmarks and benchmark users.

Bank structural reform

Throughout 2013, discussions on further structural reforms to the
EU's banking market continued. In the summer, the EC held a
consultation on the main options under consideration as a follow-
up to the Liikanen report. The focus of the consultation was on the
structural separation of certain trading activities in case the size of
these activities compared to a bank’s total activities exceeded
certain thresholds. The EC is expected to come up with a legislative
proposal in early 2014. Based on the Liikanen report (October
2012), the separation proposal should not negatively affect ING’s
business model. ING believes in the strength of the universal
banking model, combining retail and commercial banking activities.
The universal banking model brings major benefits in terms of risk
diversification, capital and liquidity management and consumer
choice, while fulfilling the needs of long-term customer banking
relationships.

In June 2013, a Committee of Experts (“Commissie Wijffels”)
advised the Dutch government on the future structure of Dutch
banking sector. The Committee presented recommendations on


--- Page 4 ---

how to make it more resilient and how to improve its ability to
service the economy. Taking into account the Committee's
recommendations, the Dutch government released a vision
document on the Dutch banking industry in August 2013. The main
features of this vision are the need for a higher leverage ratio of at
least 4% in EU negotiations; a reduction in the maximum loan-to-
value (i.e. mortgage loan to house value) to 100% in 2018, and
80% in the longer term; and further support, in principle, for a
more co-ordinated EU approach towards regulating the industry.

Banker's oath

In 2013, members of ING's Supervisory and Executive Boards and
a broad group of directors of various ING entities signed a
financial institutions oath, commonly referred to as the “Banker's
Oath”. Since 1 January 2013 Dutch law requires that Supervisory
and Executive Board members of financial institutions in the
Netherlands take this oath and thus commit to a set of behavioural
principles that reconfirms the industry's commitment to ethical
behaviour.

RETAIL BANKING REGULATION

Mortgage lending

In early 2013, the Council of the European Union approved the
Mortgage Credit Directive, which aims at preventing irresponsible
lending and maintaining financial stability. The measure also
standardises how loans are advertised to help borrowers compare
them but allows member states to keep existing national regulation
intact. The final text of the Directive was published in December
2013. The deadline for EU member states to transpose it into
national law is expected to be mid-2015. ING offers mortgages in
several European countries and will therefore have to comply with
different regulations in each.

Payment accounts

In May 2013, the EC published a draft of the Basic Payment
Accounts Directive. This Directive aims to increase the comparability
of fees and services, and make it easier to switch accounts. The
measure would also oblige banks to open a basic payment
accounts for any EU resident who applies for one, irrespective of his
or her financial condition. The legislative process is expected to be
finalised before the European Parliamentary elections in May 2014,
after which the Directive needs to be transposed into national law
by mid-2015.

Depending on the adoption of cross-border switching and account
opening measures, the Directive will have limited impact on ING's
payments account processes. ING already offers payment accounts
at transparent low fees in several EU member states and facilitates
easy switching.

INSURANCE REGULATION

Solvency II

Throughout 2013, the European Commission, European Parliament
and the Council (“the trilogue partners”) continued their efforts to
develop the capital adequacy framework for the insurance sector,
Solvency Il. In November 2013, the trilogue partners reached a
milestone with an agreement on key elements of the framework,
but several other important elements are not expected to be
finalised until the second half of 2014. Solvency II’s implementation
is planned for 1 January 2016.

The European supervisory authority for insurers, “EIOPA”, published
“interim measures” for member states, explaining to national

supervisors how they can translate certain elements of Solvency II
into their national laws in 2014. The measures include requirements
on the system of governance, an annual assessment of own risks,
extensive supervisory reporting requirements and guidelines for a
formalised process for internal model applications. As the interim
measures are generally aligned with Solvency II requirements,
implementation of these measures is part of our broader efforts to
become Solvency Il compliant.

ComFrame

ComFrame, short for Common Framework for the Supervision of
Internationally Active Insurance Groups (“IAIGs"), is a global
initiative started by the International Association of Insurance
Supervisors (“IAIS") in 2010. It aims to develop methods for the
group-wide supervision of internationally active insurance
companies, established to create a comprehensive framework for
supervisors to address group-wide activities and risks, and to foster
global convergence. The IAIS continued its public consultation of
ComFrame in 2013 and it is on schedule for adoption in 2018.

In October 2013, the IAIS said it would develop a risk-based global
Insurance Capital Standard (“ICS”), using ComFrame as the vehicle
for its implementation. ICS development will start in 2016, with
implementation by 2019.

As ING is an IAIG, it is closely monitoring the development of
ComFrame and ICS.

Consumer protection package

In July 2012, the European Commission published legislative
proposals to improve consumer protection in financial services.
With the package, the Commission aims to address lack of
transparency, low awareness of risks and poor handling of conflicts
of interest. The package is composed of three legislative proposals:
a regulation on key information documents for Packaged Retail
Investment Products (“PRIPS"), a revision of the Insurance
Mediation Directive (IMD2), and better protection for buyers of
Undertakings for Collective Investments in Transferable Securities
(“UCITS") funds.

In 2013, the package was discussed in the European Parliament and
the Council. The legislation may have a considerable impact on the
distribution of insurance and retail investment products by setting
higher standards for transparency and selling practices. ING will
continue to monitor developments on the consumer package
closely. Since we hold consumer protection in high regard,

ING welcomes this initiative and will follow its further development
closely.

Dutch solvency rules

During 2013, the Dutch Ministry of Finance developed legislation
which adapts local capital adequacy rules for life insurance
companies. The legislation, the so-called “Besluit Prudentiéle
Regels” ("BPR") 2014, became effective on 1 January 2014. BPR
2014 will leave the current calculation method of the Solvency | Wft
(“Wet op het financieel toezicht’) with the Ultimate Forward Rate
(“UFR”) ratio untouched, but introduces a new metric for discussion
with the supervisor which will not be disclosed. This Theoretical
Solvency Criterion ("TSC") needs to be met by the insurer. If the
solvency position of the relevant NN Group life insurance entity is
below the TSC, DNB is entitled to require that a declaration of no
objection be obtained from DNB before making any distributions of
capital (including dividends) and reserves to the Issuer and DNB is
also entitled to require that the relevant entity submit a recovery plan.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 15

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 5 ---

Strategy

ING continues to focus on increasing customer satisfaction, simplifying
its organisation and product offering, strengthening its financial
position and solidifying the sustainability of its business model. This is
taking place against the backdrop of fast-changing technology and
customer expectations, subdued economic growth and an uncertain
regulatory environment.

ING has substantially completed the separation of its banking and
insurance operations. This is required by the European Commission,
but ING also thinks it is in the interests of all stakeholders, especially

of our customers. The main reason is that it simplifies the organisation.

We made significant progress with our restructuring programme in
2013. As a result, we have now reached the final stage of this process.
Arefined and sharpened Bank strategy for 2014 and onwards will be
presented in the first half of 2014.

16 ING Group Annual Report 2013

STRATEGIC PRIORITIES AT THREE LEVELS

ING has strategic priorities at the Group, Bank and Insurance levels.
All are ultimately in line with our mission: To set the standard in
helping our customers manage their financial future. ING aims to
deliver financial products and services in the way our customers
want them: with exemplary service, convenience and at
competitive prices.

ING Group’s strategic priorities in 2013 were: strengthening our
financial position, restructuring, repaying the remaining state aid
and building both stronger and sustainable banking and insurance/
investment management businesses.

ING Bank’s strategic aim is to be a strong, predominantly European
bank for its customers. ING Bank wants to be a leading domestic
full-service bank in attractive, stable home markets, as well as a
leading commercial bank in the Benelux with a strong position in
Central and Eastern Europe.

On the insurance side, the focus is on service to customers,
generating capital, growing profitability and improving efficiency.
NN Group's strategy is therefore about offering appealing and easy
to understand products and services, multi-access distribution and
efficient and effective operations in the 18 countries in which it

is active.

In the following, we will report on the progress that was made in
2013 on these strategic priorities.

STRATEGIC CONTEXT

At ING we believe that a focus on our customers is a good basis for
contributing to the creation of a healthy economy and stable
society. It gives clear direction to our employees and we believe
that it helps to provide good returns for our shareholders.

Our goals are to help people and businesses build their future, to
realise their ambitions and to help them manage their financial
risks. We want to be a financial institution our customers are
comfortable with and are eager to refer to friends, colleagues,
business partners and family. We put the customer first, offering
her or him superior experiences at attractive costs and giving
employees opportunities to grow and go the extra mile for
customers.

The strength of the company is, among other things, based on its
relatively high customer satisfaction levels, solid financial position,
multi-channel distribution strategy and international network. ING
is a sustainability leader in its sector. Bank-specific strengths are a
strong brand awareness in countries where we are active, and the
fact that we are a pioneer in digital banking.

ING invests in building solid relationships with its customers, based
on the quality of service and sound financials. We believe
opportunities can arise if we continue to work hard on regaining
trust, demonstrating that we care, explaining better why certain
strategic choices are made and also on getting more out of the
wealth of talent we have within our workforce.


--- Page 6 ---

Strengths Weaknesses

* Positive recognition from * Subdued economic growth in
customers in many countries some of the core markets.
for its banking and insurance * Financial sector has an
services. unfavourable public image in
Solid financial position. many countries.
¢ Multi-channel distribution
strategy.
¢ International network.
Sustainability leader in its sector.

Bank-specific
* Pioneer in digital banking.
¢ Well-known, strong brand.

Opportunities Threats

Regaining trust and * Ongoing uncertainty about
demonstrating care, especially regulatory changes. Lack of
towards customers. an international level playing field.

* Transparency. Explaining better
why strategic choices are made.

* Cultural change. Tapping more
into the talents of employees.
Further developing a transparent
no-nonsense culture.

Bank-specific
* Possibly from new entrants from
outside of the industry.

Bank-specific

¢ Frontrunner position in digital
solutions give the Bank an edge in
innovation.

ING's solid foundations, based on a long legacy as a financial
institution, give us an excellent starting position to face existing and
future challenges, and to grasp opportunities to become a better
company for all our stakeholders. Specifically on the banking side
of the business, we strive to make optimal use of our leading
position in digital banking.

STRENGTHENING THE FINANCIAL POSITION

ING places great importance on strengthening its financial position
in order to put itself in the best position to facilitate the economy.
In 2013 we gained financial strength. Capital and funding
improved, our liquidity position remained strong, earnings
remained resilient. However, risk costs went up slightly in a weak
economic year in many of the markets in which we operate.

In January 2012, the Bank unveiled Ambition 2015, a set of
aspirations that included increasing our capital. Attaining a core
Tier 1 capital ratio under Basel III of at least 10% by 2013 was a
target we managed to sustain throughout 2013. At year-end, it
stood at 11.7% under Basel II and 10.0% on a fully loaded
pro-forma basis under Basel Ill. The leverage ratio under Basel III
was 3.9%, which is also in line with Ambition 2015 (4.0%) and
already complies with the CRD IV threshold of 3.0% by 2015.

ING Bank is making clear progress on meeting the other regulatory
CRD IV-requirements, and other aspects of Ambition 2015. For
example, ING maintained a liquidity coverage ratio of more than
100% in 2013; a level we aimed at for 2015. Also, the targeted
balance sheet optimisation at ING Bank is substantially complete.

ING Bank's underlying result before tax was mainly driven by a
strengthening of the interest margin, less volatility in credit and
debt valuation adjustments (““CVA/DVA") in Commercial Banking
and the Corporate Line, and the absence of de-risking losses in
2013. The profitability of ING Bank went up: the underlying return
on IFRS-EU equity was 9.0% in 2013, which is higher than it was in
2012 (7.0%) and brings our 2015 target within reach (10 to 13%).

Our strong funding position enabled us to continue supporting
our customers through lending in 2013.

Strong cost control continues to be a priority at the Bank in order
to remain competitive and to be able to face external factors, such
as high regulatory costs and bank taxes. The underlying cost/
income ratio improved from 60.3% in 2012 to 56.8% in 2013.

Results at NN Group showed significant improvement in 2013, on
an operating basis. The improvement reflects a higher investment
margin following the partial transfer of assets and liabilities from
WestlandUtrecht Bank to Nationale-Nederlanden Bank, lower
expenses resulting from the transformation programme in the
Benelux, improved results in the non-life business and lower
funding costs.

STRONG PROGRESS ON RESTRUCTURING PLAN AND

REVISION OF TIMELINES

During 2013, ING made progress on its Restructuring Plan to fully

separate its banking and insurance and investment management

activities. We reached several milestones, for example:

e Assuccessful initial public offering (IPO) of the US insurance
business (ING U.S.).

¢ Completion of the divestment of ING Insurance/IM Asia.

¢ An agreement in November 2013 with the EC on revised
timelines for the European and Japanese Insurance divestments,
which together formed ING Insurance and were renamed
NN Group on 1 March 2014.

The preparations for the base case IPO of NN Group are
progressing well, which is expected to allow us to go to the market
in 2014.

DELIVERING ON RESTRUCTURING
ING continued to make strong progress on its restructuring
programme in 2013, entering the end-phase of its transformation.

To meet the agreement with the European Commission (EC) of

November 2012, ING had to divest more than 50% of its Asian and

25% of its US insurance and investment management activities by

2013. Both requirements were met:

¢ The divestment of the Asian insurance and investment
management activities was effectively completed in 2013.
ING Life Japan will be included in the scope of the NN Group
base case IPO in 2014. In May 2013 ING U.S. started trading on
the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol VOYA.
The successful sale of 38 million ING U.S. shares in October 2013
brought ING‘s stake down to 57%. The divested 43% was more
than the required 25% and moved ING closer to meeting the
required divestment of over 50% by the end of 2014. 100% has
to be reached by year-end 2016.

ING was also able to reduce the core debt from EUR 7.1 billion at
year-end 2012 to EUR 5.0 billion at year-end 2013. This was due to
strong capital generation within ING Bank, allowing an upstream
payment to the Group, as well as to proceeds from the US IPO and
the sale of part of the direct stake in the Brazilian insurer Sul
América S.A. (SulAmérica).

As ING has committed to eliminate core debt, proceeds from the
divestments will be used to that end, provided they are not needed
to maintain the leverage of the remaining insurance businesses. The
value of the remaining 57% stake in ING U.S., the remaining stake

ING Group Annual Report 2013 17

aie amo |

ral
g
3
2
cs
3
3
Ff
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunosoe jenuue Aueduios yuaied §

uonewsojul 1240 9

uonewsojul jeuonippy Z


--- Page 7 ---

Strategy continued

in SulAmérica and the European Insurance business will be more
than sufficient to cover the residual core debt of the Group.

Other divestments announced and/or completed in 2013 were:

¢ ING’s 26% interest in Vysya Life Insurance. Insurance units in
Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand.

¢ ING’s investment management business in Taiwan.

ING's 49% stake in Korean insurance venture KB Life Insurance

Company Ltd. (KB Life).

¢ ING's investment management business in South Korea.

¢ ING Life Korea, which was ING‘s wholly-owned life insurance
business in South Korea.

¢ ING's 70% stake in the Malaysian investment management
business.

¢ The Thai investment management units.

¢ ING’s 50% stake in its Chinese insurance joint venture ING-BOB
Life Insurance Company.

¢ ING’s 33% stake in China Merchants Fund.

¢ The Mexican mortgage business.

The divestments in 2013 made ING a simpler, smaller and stronger
company.

REVISION OF TIMELINES

On 6 November 2013 ING announced that, together with the

Dutch State, it had reached an agreement with the EC on revised

timelines for the European and Japanese insurance and investment

management divestments:

¢ The timeline to divest more than 50% of these businesses
remains unchanged at year-end 2015.

¢ The deadline to divest 100% of these businesses was accelerated
from year-end 2018 to year-end 2016.

¢ The entity for the base case IPO of ING’s European insurance
and investment management activities, will include ING Life
Japan. ING Life Japan is therefore to be divested in line
with timelines for the European insurance and investment
management businesses.

The reason for the amendments was that a standalone sale of ING
Life Japan was not considered feasible in a manner that meets the
demands of ING’s stakeholders. After carefully exploring and
evaluating the options available for the divestment of ING Life
Japan, the outcome was its inclusion in the entity for the base case
IPO. As part of the revised agreement, ING will accelerate the
timeline as described to year-end 2016. This provides further clarity
on the base case IPO of NN Group. The preparations for this are
progressing well, which is expected to allow us to go to the market
in 2014.

REPAYING STATE AID

ING is grateful for the support the Dutch State extended during the

financial crisis years 2008 and 2009. In 2013 two major milestones

were reached:

¢ An agreement was reached with the Dutch State on the
unwinding of the Illiquid Assets Back-Up Facility (“IABF”). The
facility was established in 2009, at the depth of the financial
crisis, in order to reduce the risk and uncertainty for ING from a
portfolio of US Alt-A mortgage securities. Market developments
allowed the unwinding of the facility, including the start of the
sale of the securities, with an expected cash profit for the Dutch
State of approximately EUR 0.4 billion. Unwinding the IABF also
freed up EUR 2 billion of ING Bank's risk-weighted assets and is

18 ING Group Annual Report 2013

expected to add approximately 10 basis points to ING Bank's
core Tier 1 ratio. As a result of the unwinding, the restrictions as
part of the IABF-agreement will no longer be applicable,
including the right of the Dutch State to nominate two members
for appointment to the Supervisory Board. The current State
nominated member of the Supervisory Board will no longer have
special approval rights regarding certain decisions and will have
a position equal to the other members of the Supervisory Board.
The unwinding was completed early 2014 and resulted in a cash
profit for the Dutch State of EUR 1.4 billion.

¢ Strong capital generation at the Bank facilitated the payment of
another tranche of core Tier 1 securities on 6 November 2013,
reducing the principal amount of outstanding State aid to EUR
1.5 billion. ING received EUR 10 billion in state aid from the Dutch
State in November 2008. Including the latest repayment in
November 2013, ING has so far repaid EUR 11.3 billion to the
Dutch State, including EUR 8.5 billion in principal and EUR
2.8 billion in interest and premiums. The final tranches of EUR
1.175 and EUR 1.075 billion are scheduled to be paid by March
2014 and by May 2015. The total annualised return for the Dutch
State is expected to be 12.5%.

The total contribution to the Dutch State to date of EUR 4.9 billion
includes premiums and interest on the repayment of core Tier 1
securities, the unwinding of the IABF, guarantee fees paid on the
government guaranteed bonds issued in 2009 and bank levies.

ING also reduced the Dutch State guaranteed funding by EUR
3.6 billion to EUR 2.5 billion at year-end 2013. The remaining bonds
matured in March 2014.

STRENGTHENING THE BUSINESSES

On the surface, the business of a financial institution such as ING
may seem to be principally about money. In reality, ING’s business
is centred on people and trust. Only by acting with professionalism
and integrity can we maintain our stakeholders’ confidence and
build the company's reputation. At the heart of our values are the
ING Business Principles, which are the global standard for the
behaviour expected of every employee at ING:

> We act with integrity.

> We are open and clear.

> We respect each other.

> We are environmentally and socially responsible.

Based on these Business Principles are the five ING “Customer
Golden Rules” which form a key component in our approach
towards customer suitability for our banking and insurance
operations. ING has been using the Customer Golden Rules since
2009 and made them an integral part of our Product Approval and
Review Process (“PARP”). Through this process, ING attempts to
make sure that all newly developed and existing products and
services meet the set requirements for doing business.


--- Page 8 ---

ING’s 5 Customer Golden Rules

. We strive to meet customers’ needs throughout their life cycle.
Through the right products and proper advice, we will keep customers
happy.

We offer fair value to customers. Depending upon the customer's
motivation, offering appropriate risk coverage or monetary value will
be the only way to achieve sustained success.

N

w

. We explain the risks, returns and costs of our products and services.
Transparency and easy-to-understand language are crucial to our
business.

4

. We regularly assess products, services and sales practices. Only
through constant checks and balances can we ensure that we are
giving customers what they want and need most.

re

. We work only with professional and licensed distributors. Our partners
and distributors are a reflection of us. We will make sure that anyone
selling our products is properly trained, qualified and licensed.

Two examples show how this translates into business practice:

¢ In the first quarter of 2013, ING took another step towards
greater transparency by publishing its Environmental and Social
Risk (ESR) Framework online. ING has applied its ESR policies to
its business activities since 2003. ING's ESR Framework is applied
at both the client and transaction levels at ING Bank. For NN
Group the framework includes two policies that specifically
address responsible investing: the ING Voting Policy and the
ING Defence Policy. This ensures informed decision-making
that is compliant with ING’s Business Principles.

¢ In keeping with our clients’ expectations, our sustainable
products offerings grew across all our business lines in 2013.
There was growth in renewable energy project finance, green
lending, charity related savings accounts and sustainable
mandates in our investment services.

ING's efforts were publicly recognised in 2013. ING was included in
the DJS! World Index and the DJS! Europe Index. The DJS! World
Index lists the top 10% of companies within the ordinary Dow
Jones Index in terms of best-in-class performance across economic,
environmental and social criteria. ING's inclusion in these indexes
underscores its standing as one of the leading sustainable
companies within the diversified financial sector. ING's 2013 score
of 76 is 32 points higher than the sector average of 44 points,
placing ING in the 99th percentile for the sector. This implies that
only 1% of diversified financials score higher than ING. The
improvement demonstrates ING’s increased performance in
integrating sustainability into its business activities.

For a more comprehensive overview of ING's sustainability
strategy and performance, please see the ING Group Sustainability
Report 2013.

The strength of a company is also determined by the quality of its
workforce. ING is a great place to work, as surveys have shown.
Among other factors, remuneration needs to be well-balanced to
retain and recruit highly qualified staff. Therefore, ING ensures that
its remuneration policy in general, but especially for senior
management, the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board
maintains a balance between short-term and long-term value
creation. ING also makes sure that the remuneration policy is
properly correlated with our risk profile and the interests of all
stakeholders. A comprehensive overview of this framework can
be found in the Remuneration chapter in this Annual Report.

BANK

The essence of our strategy is built around the customer. In our
view customers basically want a solid bank they can trust. ING Bank
focuses on the safety of depositors’ money. We believe that ING
Bank has strong deposit gathering capabilities and a good funding
mix. ING aims to maintain a solid capital base, smooth and low-cost
deposit raising and a careful, environmentally and socially
responsible investment selection.

The customer is also looking for ease of use and corporate
responsibility. The Net Promoter Scores (“NPS”) methodology
measures if customers recommend a company to their family and
friends. ING Bank's NPS for 2013 shows that customer satisfaction
with our services is quite high in the countries in which we are
active. In 11 countries in which ING Bank operates with retail
banking activities, it is number 1 or 2 in a peer group comparison.

ING Bank adapts to the changing needs of its customers, who
increasingly want insight into their financial situation and future.
Security of data is, of course, a prerequisite. Customers want to
make more use of digital banking services and especially of mobile
services. Therefore, ING has made mobile banking services available
for retail customers in all countries where it is present. Now,
millions of customers carry ING Bank in their pockets. This also
contributes to a paperless delivery of our products and services,
reducing our own and our customer's environmental footprint. The
rapid shift to mobile is starting to move from the retail world into
Commercial Banking as well.

To serve customers, ING Bank's strategy is also built around
operational excellence and balance sheet optimisation. In 2013, we
made progress towards operational excellence by improving our
service and by streamlining our organisation and systems. In order
to remain competitive and strong, cost control continues to be a
priority at the Bank. ING Bank is used to operating in lean,
competitive markets which has helped it become a leader in
innovative distribution. It has a prominent position in internet
banking with a “direct first, advice when needed” model and a
relationship-driven commercial bank offering competitive products
in terms of price, efficiency and effectiveness. Nevertheless, there is
room to further improve the efficiency of our processes. The mobile
and digital revolution means customers now expect fast and simple
solutions tailored to their individual needs and an offering that is
constantly evolving.

In 2013, ING Bank further optimised its balance sheet, for example
through balance sheet integration. This is to address the mismatch
in the funding gap and surplus across all key countries within the
Bank. The focus is on generating local lending assets for local funds
entrusted, while growing global Commercial Banking assets. For
more details, please see the Banking overview chapter in this
Annual Report.

It is important to have motivated and engaged employees who

are able to adapt quickly enough to the new demands of our

customers and who can build and foster long-term relationships

with them. ING Bank made progress in 2013 in being a top

employer. A few examples demonstrate this:

© ING Bank’s annual engagement survey was conducted in
September and October 2013, and had a high response rate of
81%. Compared with 2012, the results show an increased
confidence in the long-term future of the company and the

ING Group Annual Report 2013 19

aie amo |

ral
2
3
S
Ey
a
é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uorewsojU! 42430 9

uonewsojul jeuonippy £


--- Page 9 ---

Strategy continued

on-going commitment to customer focus. There were also
improvements in career development and retention.

e ING Bank received “Great Place to Work” awards in Luxembourg,
Germany and Spain. “Great Place to Work” is the world’s largest
employee satisfaction study, surveying employees at about 5,500
companies and conducted by “Great Place to Work". According
to this survey, ING was the only financial institution in the top-25
of best multinational workplaces in Europe.

¢ ING Bank also received external recognition as a top employer in
France, Poland, Belgium and Italy.

A refined and sharpened Bank strategy for 2014 and onwards will
be presented in the first half of 2014.

INSURANCE/INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT

In September 2013, NN Group presented an overview of its
business, strategy, capital framework, executive team and how it is
preparing for the base case IPO in 2014. NN Group is a leading
insurance and investment management company with a strong,
predominantly European presence in 18 countries. With more than
12,000 employees, it offers retirement services, insurance,
investments and banking to retail, SME, corporate and institutional
customers. In 2013, its future brand name was revealed: NN.

In November 2013, it was announced that the base case IPO of
ING's European insurance and investment management activities,
will include ING Life Japan. More information is provided in the
Insurance chapters in this Annual Report.

NN Group N.V., formerly called ING Insurance Topholding N.V.,
merged with ING Verzekeringen N.V. effective as of 1 March 2014.
As a result the legal entity ING Verzekeringen N.V. ceased to exist
and NN Group N.V. became the legal successor of ING
Verzekeringen N.V. as the holding company of the European and
Japanese insurance and investment management operations. In this
Annual Report, NN Group will be used to indicate these operations.

NN Group's focus is on customers, on generating capital, on
growing profitability and on improving efficiency. NN Group's
strategy will therefore be about offering appealing and easy

to understand products and services, multi-access distribution
and efficient and effective operations in the 18 countries in which
it is active.

In line with its ambition to be a leading, responsible and customer-

centric organisation NN Group introduced its new corporate values,

which are connected to its roots, heritage and common purpose:

¢ “We care”: We see our customers as the starting point of
everything we do. We respect each other and believe working
together leads to better results. We take our role in society
seriously.

¢ “We are clear”: We are easy to understand, transparent and
accessible. We listen carefully and take action accordingly. We
keep our promises.

¢ “We commit”: We take responsibility for what we do. We act
with integrity. We focus on our long-term objectives.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

ING focuses on implementing strategic measures that are robust
under all circumstances, and on being flexible in order to be able
to adapt to change.

20 ING Group Annual Report 2013

In 2013, ING was able to make good progress on the strategic
priorities for ING Group: strengthening the financial position,
restructuring, repaying state aid and building both stronger
and sustainable banking and insurance and investment
management businesses.

ING reached several milestones that demonstrate clear progress on
its Restructuring Plan to fully separate its banking and insurance
and investment management activities. Most marked were the
successful IPO of the US insurance business, further divestments of
Asian insurance and investment management businesses and the
announcement of the agreement with the EC on revised, quicker
timelines for the European and Japanese Insurance divestments.

The preparations for the base case IPO of NN Group are
progressing well, which is expected to allow us to go to the market
in 2014. In 2013, the future brand name was revealed: NN. We
believe NN Group has a strong position as a provider of retirement
services, insurance, investments and banking in 18 countries and is
well-positioned to capitalise on socio-economic trends.

Once the restructuring of the Group is complete by the end of
2016 and the Bank is a stand-alone business, ING Bank aims to
produce a competitive return on IFRS-EU equity of 10% to 13%
through low costs and with a low-risk balance sheet. ING aims

to build on its leading position as a predominantly European bank
with a strong international network focused on providing
customers with consistently high-quality services. ING’s main
priority is to finance the economy, even in a volatile economic
and regulatory environment.

Allin all, in 2013 ING became simpler, stronger and better
positioned to serve its customers in a sustainable way.


--- Page 10 ---

Capital management

Active capital management is an important factor in achieving
ING's strategic and financial objectives. ING prioritises capital
adequacy at all levels within the organisation, and value creation
for our shareholders. Maintaining sufficient financial flexibility

is especially necessary, given the rapidly changing regulatory
landscape and the restructuring of ING which has entered its
final phase.

ING Group capital structure

in EUR billion 2013 2012
Equity 45.9 51.8
Core Tier 1 securities 1.5 2.3
Core debt 5.0 71
Hybrids 75 9.2
Total capital Group 59.9 70.4

State repayment

in EUR million 2013 2012
Redeemed 750 750
Premiums & coupons 375 375
Total repaid 8,500 7,750
Total premiums & coupons 2,781 2,406
Outstanding 1,500 2,250

Contributions provided to / earned by the Dutch State, 2008-2013

in EUR million

Core Tier 1 repayment premiums & coupons 2,781
IABF net transaction result 1,378
Government guaranteed bonds —_ guarantee premiums 375
Bank levies recurring tax 324
Total 4,858

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AT THREE LEVELS

ING Group continues to manage capital on a consolidated basis at
three levels — ING Group, NN Group and ING Bank — because ING
has set strategic objectives at each of those levels. Within ING Bank
and NN Group there are different entities that have their own
ratings and capital requirements. The overall approach of ING
Group's Capital Management is to meet these requirements, but
also to challenge them constantly to ensure optimal use of capital.

Capital Management is integral to the way the Group manages its
businesses and legal entities. ING's Capital Management strategy is
driven by the strategic aims of the Group and the risk appetite set
by the Board. At all times, sufficient financial flexibility should be
preserved to meet important financial objectives such as the
repayment of the core Tier 1 securities. At the foundation of the
capital plan are ING's risk appetite statements that determine target
setting above the minimum regulatory requirements.

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENTS AT ING GROUP.
The current focus areas at ING Group Capital Management are to
repay the core Tier 1 securities to the Dutch State and to eliminate
core debt. Repayment of the core Tier 1 securities will primarily be
funded out of capital generated by ING Bank. The proceeds from
divestments of insurance businesses will be used to eliminate

core debt.

During 2013 core debt decreased by EUR 2.1 billion to EUR 5.0
billion. ING Bank N.V. paid a dividend to ING Group of EUR 1.5
billion to facilitate a reduction in the core debt. The proceeds of
EUR 0.8 billion related to the partial sell-down of our stakes in ING
U.S. and SulAmérica were also used to reduce core debt. This was
offset by a conversion of EUR 1.0 billion of Insurance debt taken up
from ING Group into equity, in preparation of the base case IPO.

In November 2012, ING Group made a commitment to repay the
Dutch State the remaining core Tier 1 securities in four equal
tranches of EUR 1.125 billion each, subject to approval from the
Dutch central bank (DNB). The first two of these tranches of EUR
1.125 billion were repaid in November 2012 and November 2013.
As announced on 6 November 2013 and as agreed with the
European Commission, the net present value of the financial
benefits realised through liability management actions (EUR 50
million) will be added to the repayment of March 2014. The final
tranche will therefore be repaid by May 2015 at a total cost of
EUR 1.075 billion. After this final payment ING will have repaid the
EUR 10 billion of State aid from 2009 at a total cost of EUR 13.5
billion, providing the Dutch State with an internal rate of return
of 12.5%.

At the end of 2013, we also reduced our State support by
unwinding the Illiquid Assets Back-up Facility ("IABF”). Since then,
the Dutch State has sold the remaining USD 11.5 billion of securities
in the portfolio through three auctions for an average price of
77.3%. The unwinding resulted in a cash profit for the Dutch State
of EUR 1.4 billion. As a result of the unwinding, the restrictions as
part of the IABF agreement will no longer be applicable.

The total contribution to the Dutch State to date of EUR 4.9 billion
includes premiums and interest on the repayment of core Tier 1
securities, the unwinding of the IABF, guarantee fees paid on the
government guaranteed bonds issued in 2009 and bank levies.

up Annual R 113 21

ING Gre

aie amo |

ral
2
3
8
cI
3
3

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

squnoooe jenuue Auedwo> yuaieg ¢

uonewsojul 1240 9

uonewsojul jeuonIPpY Z


--- Page 11 ---

Capital management continued

During 2013, ING Group received dividends from ING Bank and
NN Group which it used to reduce core debt. In the second quarter,
NN Group paid a dividend to ING Group of EUR 775 million; this
included the EUR 0.6 billion proceeds from the IPO of the US
Insurance business, ING U.S. (Voya) and proceeds from the sale of
part of the stake in the Brazilian insurer Sul América S.A.
(SulAmeérica). In addition, ING Bank paid a dividend to ING Group
of EUR 1.5 billion to facilitate a further reduction of the Group
core debt. Other dividend flows from ING Bank to ING Group in
2013, next to the dividend for the core Tier 1 repayment of
November, were a EUR 330 million dividend payment to finance
the capital injection into Nationale-Nederlanden Bank.

The remaining stake in ING U.S. was transferred to ING Group from
NN Group on 30 September 2013. The subsequent sale of another
tranche of 15% shares in ING U.S. took place in October. This
reduces the ING Group's stake to approximately 57%. The sale
proceeds were EUR 800 million and will be used to reduce core
debt at the Group.

At the end of 2013, another tranche of the SulAmérica stake was
sold by ING Group. The proceeds of EUR 110 million were
upstreamed to ING Group as a dividend payment to further reduce
core debt. Early 2014, ING closed the sale of a subsequent tranche
of the SulAmérica stake to Swiss Re. The proceeds of EUR 180
million brought ING‘s stake to 9.7%.

Finally, ING Group converted EUR 1,000 million of intercompany
debt with NN Group into equity, to help prepare the NN Group
balance sheet for the planned IPO (initial public offering) in 2014.
This increased core debt by the same amount. During the whole of
2013, the net capital flows enabled ING Group to reduce the core
debt significantly from EUR 7.1 billion at the end of 2012 to EUR
5.0 billion at the end of 2013.

ING took actions in 2013 to reduce volatility in IFRS equity:

¢ The ING Pension Fund became financially independent on
1 January 2014, reducing volatility for ING Group, ING Bank
and NN Group.

¢ NN Group refined the market interest rate assumption that is
used in determining certain components of the insurance
liabilities for the separate account pension business in the
Netherlands in the fourth quarter of 2013.

NN Group moved towards fair value accounting on the reserves for
Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits of the Japan Closed Block VA
in the first quarter of 2014.

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENTS AT NN GROUP

The most important development during 2013 was the successful
IPO of 28.8% of Voya in May and the subsequent sell-down to
57% in October. Total proceeds of these transactions amount to
EUR 1,433 million and were used to reduce core debt at ING
Group. Since the initial IPO price of USD 19.50, the share price has
seen a strong performance ending the year at USD 35.15. The value
of the remaining stake is EUR 3.8 billion. From 30 September the
remaining stake has been directly held at the Group level.

During the year, ING was able to close the divestment of its life
insurance units in Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand. On 24
December, ING closed its divestment of ING Life Korea. After
exploring and evaluating the options for the divestment of ING Life

22 ING Group Annual Report 2013

Japan, the conclusion was that a standalone sale of this business
was not feasible so it will be included in the NN Group IPO.

The base case scenario for NN Group is to become a standalone
business through an IPO in 2014. The timing will depend on market
conditions, readiness and performance. To be ready for an IPO NN
Group needs to be capitalised in line with its peers. Another key
requirement is that NN Group has access to the debt markets on

a standalone basis with its own ratings, whereas financial
entanglements with ING Group entities need to be at arm’s length.

For more details, see the Strategy and Insurance overview chapters
in this Annual Report.

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENTS AT ING BANK

ING Bank manages its capital position primarily based on its
published core Tier 1 ratio, which is the main constraining factor
and the most widely used variable to assess the capitalisation of
banks. The published ratio up till now was the Basel 2.5 ratio, but
at the start of 2014 it moved to the Basel III ratio. ING Bank has set
an ambitious target for its core Tier 1 ratio of 10% under Basel III,
based on ING’s risk appetite and which compares well to its

peer group. In 2013 it achieved that ratio on a fully loaded
pro-forma basis.

ING needs to take into account other constraints, including:

¢ Other regulatory capital requirements: such as the amount of
additional capital, lower Tier 2 capital, the impact of the Basel |
floor and the leverage ratio (as part of Basel Il).

¢ Economic capital requirements: although it is currently not a
constraining factor, economic capital is used to manage the
Bank's risk profile and to set limits.

* Rating agency considerations: each rating agency provides a
different analysis and specific topics may need to be addressed.

ING Bank's capital position has been significantly strengthened over
the last few years. During 2013, capital generation was again
strong, enabling ING Bank to pay EUR 3.0 billion in dividends to the
Group. Apart from the EUR 1.5 billion extraordinary dividend in the
second quarter, these dividends pertained to a transfer of EUR 330
million into Nationale-Nederlanden Bank and the repayment of EUR
1,125 million of core Tier 1 securities in November.

In addition, ING Bank issued USD 2 billion CRD IV-compliant Tier 2
securities. Next to that, ING Bank called its USD 2 billion 8.5% Tier
1 hybrid on 15 December 2013 and executed a successful exchange
offer on EUR 4.7 billion of existing Tier 2 securities for new CRD
\V-compliant Tier 2 securities. The pick-up of this transaction came
out at 55% and resulted in EUR 2.6 billion extra Tier 2 capital.

The unwinding of the IABF added approximately 10 basis points to
ING Bank's core Tier 1 ratio. At the end of 2013, ING Bank’s core
Tier 1 ratio was strong at 11.7%. The fully loaded pro-forma Basel
Ill core Tier 1 ratio at the end of 2013 stood at 10.0%, while the
phased in ratio came out at 10.7%.

Over the coming years the guiding principles for ING’s capital
management will be cash capital generation, optimising the capital
structure and financial flexibility. ING Bank believes that it will enter
the Basel Ill era well-prepared with a strong capital position to
withstand financial market challenges, new regulations and weak
economic conditions.


--- Page 12 ---

Risk management

Like every financial services company, ING is exposed to a variety of
risks which can have a negative impact. As a financial intermediary
performing a “transformation” function, ING cannot operate
without taking measured and managed risks. Therefore, strong and
integrated risk management in the daily business activities and
strategic planning is a must for sustainable value creation. An
important element of strong and sustainable risk management is
transparency which is reflected in the further enhancement of our
risk disclosures.

The essence of our business is transformation, which takes many
forms and serves various customer needs. In our retail banking
operations, for example, we transform on-demand entrusted
deposits into long-dated mortgage loans. Through our payments
and cash management operations we make money available when
and where customers need it. Geographic transformation takes
place through our international commercial banking network when
we help corporate customers fund their international business
plans. Our insurance business provides products and services in
retirement services, insurance, investments and banking to help
customers secure their financial future.

THREE LINES OF DEFENCE

The key objective of risk management at ING is to make sure that
all risks are managed in the best possible way for all relevant
stakeholders. To this end, we have built a strong risk culture that
supports appropriate behaviours and judgements within a strong
risk governance and a comprehensive risk appetite framework. As
part of this ING applies a “three lines of defence” governance
model for risk management, whereby ownership for risk is taken
at three levels in the organisation.

The commercial departments form the first line of defence and they
have primary responsibility for the day-to-day risk management.
They originate loans, deposits, insurance and wealth management
products and other products to help our customers manage their
financial future. They know our customers well and are well
positioned to act in both the customers’ and ING's best interest.
The second line of defence consists of oversight functions with a
major role for the risk management organisation headed by the
chief risk officer (CRO). The membership of the CRO on the Bank
and Insurance boards ensures that risk management issues are
heard and discussed at the highest level, thus establishing the
appropriate tone at the top. The CRO steers a functional,
independent risk organisation, which supports the commercial
departments in their decision-making. Also importantly, it has
sufficient countervailing power to prevent risk concentrations and
other forms of excessive risks. The third line of defence is the
corporate audit function, which independently assesses and
ensures the functioning and effectiveness of the first two lines.

MANAGING CHANGES

The essence of risk management is the power to limit the impact of
unfavourable events, being either expected or unexpected. Within
ING Bank we continuously challenge understanding, measurement,
and management of risk using advanced technology and common
sense in a manner that supports our strategy and retains trust
among all our stakeholders. This is becoming more important as
the world in which we operate changes rapidly.

With respect to developments in financial regulation and
accounting standards, ING is following these closely and is taking
action to ensure the Bank and Insurance units can cope with the
changes. In 2013, ING Bank took further steps to prepare for the
improved regulatory capital and liquidity framework for banks

— Basel II, and within the EU, CRR/CRD IV — and is well positioned
to operate under this new framework. Furthermore, the Bank
supports the European Commission's creation of a banking union
for eurozone banks, where the Single Supervisory Mechanism and
the Single Resolution Mechanism will strengthen banks. NN Group
has strengthened the balance sheet by ensuring the business
becomes less susceptible to the market environment. In addition,
the Insurance company has continued preparations to ensure
compliance with forthcoming Solvency II regulations.

Both within the Bank and the Insurance company, ING has a risk
appetite framework in place that projects and restricts the impact
of adverse markets on ING's capital and liquidity position, based on
a number of different risk metrics. An important element of such a
risk appetite framework is the monitoring and reporting, which
not only includes internal reporting but also external disclosures.
Therefore, in 2013 the Bank reaffirmed its commitment to the
Enhanced Disclosure Task Force (“EDTF”), by extending the
implementation of the EDTF recommendations. ING is a member

ING Group Annual Report 2013 23

aie amo |

ral
g
3
2
cs
3
3
Ff
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunosoe jenuue Aueduios yuaied §

uonewsojul 1240 9

uonewsojul jeuonippy Z


--- Page 13 ---

Risk management continued

of this taskforce, which consists of a collaboration between users
and preparers of financial reports, such as global financial
institutions, investors, rating agencies and external auditors. In
addition, ING increasingly conducts company-wide and portfolio-
specific stress tests as a supplementary tool to assess resilience to
adverse market conditions and to act upon if mitigating actions are
deemed necessary. Customer behaviour and demographics have an
important bearing on risk management and are consequently
modelled and incorporated in our risk appetite framework. Given
the continuously changing environment, the underlying
assumptions are regularly reviewed, as are all relevant metrics.

Despite some signs of recovery, the weak macroeconomic
environment persisted through 2013. Against this backdrop, ING’s
risk position continued to hold up well. This position was driven by
active risk management, but also by on-going restructuring and
reform programs in both the banking and the insurance businesses.
Both the Bank and the Insurance operations continued to optimise
and de-risk their balance sheet. The total exposure in the GIIPSC
(Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Spain and Cyprus) countries
decreased by EUR 5.5 billion to EUR 62.3 billion. In addition, the
Bank continued to transform its debt securities portfolio into a
liquidity book as part of the strategy to optimise the balance sheet.

The weak economic environment continued to contribute to
elevated levels of risk costs in 2013, while the percentage of
non-performing loans increased to 2.8% which represents

EUR 15.9 billion lending credit outstanding. The additions to the
provisions for loan losses rose by 8% year-on-year to EUR 2,289
million, resulting in ING Bank's stock of provisions rising to

EUR 6.2 billion at the end of 2013. ING Bank’s overall provision
coverage ratio defined as the stock of provisions divided by the
non-performing loans, improved from 36.9% at year-end 2012 to
38.6%. Next to additional provisioning, several other mitigating
actions were taken. In 2013, the Bank further included the impact
of the deteriorated market circumstances in the regulatory capital
models by including recent observations in the various portfolios.
Despite these measures the Bank maintains a strong capital
position, with the Bank’s core Tier 1 ratio on a fully loaded Basel III
basis remaining stable at 10.0% at year-end 2013, meeting ING's
Ambition 2015. Other contributing factors were strong capital
generation, selective de-risking and divestments. The strong capital
position enabled ING Bank not only to repay another tranche to the
Dutch State, but also allowed ING Bank to use capital to further
reduce the Group's core debt. Further, in 2013 DNB performed an
Asset Quality Review for commercial real estate primarily focusing
on relevant income producing real estate portfolios. Provisions and
Pillar | capital levels for ING Bank for the portfolios in scope were in
line with the results of the Asset Quality Review.

The Bank improved its funding profile and ensured its liquidity
position stayed within regulatory and internal targets. The full-year
2013 long term debt issuance totalled EUR 25.7 billion compared
with EUR 33.1 billion issued in 2012. The issuance volume was
lower due to a combination of an asset growth slowdown and
increasing funds entrusted. As a result, ING Bank’s loan-to-deposit
ratio, excluding securities that are recorded at amortised costs in
loans and advances and excluding the [ABF government receivable,
improved in 2013 from 1.13 at 2012 year-end to 1.04%, thereby
already complying with ING‘s 2015 Ambition of below 1.10.

24 ING Group Annual Report 2013

Over the year, NN Group strengthened its balance sheet by refining
asset/liability management to optimise risk-reward trade-offs. As a
result, the Insurance business is less susceptible to market
movements and is well positioned for selectively increasing
investment returns. In addition, with the implementation of
Solvency Il expected in 2016 — following agreement on

Omnibus Il - NN Group has continued preparations to comply
with Solvency Il strengthening risk models, risk assessment and
risk governance. Non-financial risk issues continuously demand our
attention since they can seriously impact the functioning of our
different businesses. These issues differ for each business activity
and require tailored approaches to counter them. ING, for example,
monitors possible new fraud methods and practices that can
emerge following the introduction of new retail payment methods
and products, and continues to expand anti-fraud programmes in
our insurance and lending acceptance processes. A concrete action
has been the implementation of geo-blocking in the Netherlands,
whereby debit cards are blocked outside the EU unless the
customer requests otherwise. In combination with a new type of
chip integrated into cards this has significantly mitigated the risk of
criminal skimming activities. Furthermore, as a result of lessons
learned from other events, such as the manipulation of financial
benchmarks, ING Bank is strengthening its own methodologies
and procedures.

The growth of electronic distribution and communication channels
has increased the speed and convenience with which our
customers can conduct their banking business with us. We are
committed to providing this convenience without compromising
security standards. ING has implemented and continues to
implement comprehensive prevention, detection and responsive
measures to defend its customers, its information and its systems
against cyber attacks and reduce the level of any losses. The
Distributed Denial of Service (“DDoS”) attacks on (Dutch) banks in
April 2013 made it clear that the investments ING Bank is making
in this domain are more necessary than ever and deliver

positive results.

By virtue of its function as a financial intermediary ING plays an
important role in society. We are continuously developing our
products according to our customers’ changing demands and
ensure that they comply with our proper values and principles,
through, for example, sales suitability programmes. As part of its
risk culture, ING continued refining the integrated sustainability
objectives in its business strategies and activities and managing the
related social and environmental risks. ING took another step
towards greater transparency in 2013 by publishing its
Environmental and Social Risk (ESR) Framework online, which
includes ESR policies that ING has applied to its business activities
since 2003 and further expanded in 2013. Furthermore, in line with
European Union requirements, risk management plays an
important role in evaluating the performance and determining the
remuneration of senior management, ensuring that remuneration is
properly correlated with our risk profile and the interests of all
stakeholders.

All these changes make the company stronger, simpler and more
sustainable as it focuses on retail banking in Europe, its world-class
commercial banking network, and being a preferred supplier of
protection products for our Bank and Insurance customers. A
comprehensive, more detailed chapter on ING Group's risk
management practices is contained later in this Annual Report.


--- Page 14 ---

Information technology

Information technology (IT) has vastly transformed the way both
the banking and insurance industries interact with their customers.
Mobile, particularly in banking, and direct channels in general have
become a significant force in distribution. Increasingly, the
innovative use of technology will be essential in creating a superior
customer experience and will more and more play a leading role in
the way ING does business. By continuously investing in innovative
technology, developing superior IT skills and putting the customer's
interest first in everything we do, ING aims to distinguish itself as a
leading financial services company.

Information technology plays a crucial role in ensuring ING remains
a competitive and an innovative financial services player. It
underpins ING's banking and insurance business propositions.

In 2013, new and existing IT projects supported ING in its strategy
to be a strong, simple and sustainable business.

SEPARATION

Both IT departments at the Bank and the Insurer continued to work
on separation projects in the IT Readiness Program which began in
2010, and which was established because of the planned
separation of ING Group's Bank and Insurance operations into
standalone businesses.

By the end of 2013, the separation of Bank and Insurance IT
systems was almost complete. Both the Bank and Insurance worked
towards completing the last projects required to complete
disentanglement. From early January 2014, the Bank will no longer
be involved in meeting the IT infrastructure needs of Insurance
(with the exception of Insurance Belgium). In the process hundreds
of servers and internal connections were decommissioned. A new
Insurance/Investment Management data centre was established,
more than 700 applications have been migrated and a new
network has been put in place with additional security capabilities
and services. In addition, a new workplace environment for
Insurance/Investment Management was established which hosts
10,000 users.

BANK

At the Bank, ING announced its new IT strategy “Creating value for
our customers through six strategic pillars — the power of IT." The
strategy is aimed at meeting customer needs such as reliability,
security and customer centricity by being agile, efficient and
working collaboratively.

The new strategy is in line with ING's vision that technology and
innovation play a crucial role in the future of ING Bank.

ING aims to further strengthen its ability to replicate applications
and reuse solutions across different countries and business units.
An example of this was the creation of responsive websites (no
matter what device customers use, the content of the site will
always fit perfectly on the screen) in several countries, which was
developed through sharing knowledge, applications and expertise
across countries.

The IT department remains committed to further embedding an
agile way of working throughout its whole organisation as a core
principle in the way it works, because ING’s aim is to respond
swiftly and efficiently to changing customer demands. Also, IT will
continue to further automate IT processes, where possible. This
results in products and services coming to market faster and at
lower IT cost.

ING began a programme involving outside experts and ING
resources to further strengthen ING‘s resilience to cybercrime
attacks and will bring this to a higher level and make it a
continuous point of attention. In 2013, in the Netherlands, ING
Bank came under a serious Distributed Denial of Service (“DDoS”)
attack, causing service outage and hindering access to online
banking for customers. ING Bank regretted the temporary loss of
service and worked intensively to defend its infrastructure and to

ING Group Annual Report 2013 25

aie amo |

ral
g
3
2
cs
3
3
Ff
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uonewsojul 1240 9

uonewsojul jeuonippy Z


--- Page 15 ---

Information technology continued

make it more resilient to DDoS attacks, not only in the Netherlands
but on a global scale. In parallel, it worked with the Dutch justice
department to investigate the source of the attacks.

ING Bank finalised the construction of a new data centre in
Roosendaal, which will enable the consolidation of data centres in
the Netherlands and in Commercial Banking.

INSURANCE

Information technology plays a crucial role in supporting NN Group
as a leading insurance and investment management organisation.
In 2013, NN Group made significant progress in restructuring its
operations in preparation for a standalone future.

The IT department worked towards laying the foundation for
Insurance's independent future. The IT strategy (excellent
technology products and services, collaboration across the value
chain and efficient and effective operations) was refined during
2013 and a multi-year IT transformation programme has been
launched to support the strategy. The programme's aim is to
restructure the IT environment so it becomes even more effective
and efficient in support of the NN Group businesses and their
customers into the future.

Security and stability of IT systems remains paramount. Armed with
new insights into bolstering websites following the DDoS attacks
on ING Bank in the Netherlands, websites and portals were
boosted against external threats. IT maintains a strong focus on
enhancing IT security, resulting in effective and integrated risk
mitigation, and to also stay ahead of security fraud developments.
As multi-channel distribution and the importance of client-facing
applications are increasing, an improvement programme was
initiated to increase system availability. The programme will result in
significantly greater availability for both internal and external users
from the first quarter of 2014.

In 2013, Investment Management successfully completed its
two-year programme to establish a standardised global platform
for front, mid and back office operations. Most investment centres
across three continents now use this platform. It has led to a
significant simplification of the IT landscape for Investment
Management. In 2014, Investment Management intends to
introduce direct execution, where customers can make buy/sell
transactions and view their portfolios online.

Improving the customer experience is a core priority at NN Group.
In Europe outside the Netherlands, IT worked in conjunction

with the business to introduce a direct servicing channel. It will
enable customers to communicate directly with ING anytime

and anywhere.

Within Nationale-Nederlanden Bank, NN Group invested in
portals to enable more straight-through processing and to also
streamline their use. It also invested in Customer Relationship
Management tooling and analytics, to among other things,
personalise the customer experience.

26 ING Group Annual Report 2013


--- Page 16 ---

Banking overview

MANAGEMENT BOARD BANKING
on 31 December 2013

R.A.J.G. (Ralph) Hamers
chief executive officer

V. (Koos) Timmermans
vice-chairman
P.G. (Patrick) Flynn
chief financial officer
W.F. (Wilfred) Nagel
chief risk officer
W.L. (William) Connelly
CEO Commercial Banking
C.P.A.J. (Eli) Leenaars
CEO Retail Banking International
H. (Hans) van der Noordaa
CEO Retail Banking Benelux

Financial overview*
in EUR million 2013 2012

Total underlying income 15,305 14,313
Underlying operating expenses 8,694 8,638
Underlying additions to loan loss provisions 2,288 2,121
Underlying result before tax 4,323 3,554
Underlying interest margin 1.42% 1.32%
Underlying cost/income ratio 56.8% 60.3%
Client balances: net production funds entrusted

(EUR billion) 27 23
Client balances: net production lending (EUR

billion) 6 0
Underlying risk costs in bp of average RWA 83 74
Risk-weighted assets (year-end, in EUR billion,

adjusted for divestments) 283 276
Underlying return on equity based on IFRS-EU

equity 9.0% 7.0%
Underlying return on equity based on 10% core

Tier 1** 11.7% 8.8%
Employees (FTEs, year-end, adjusted for

divestments) 63,805 65,173

* Underlying numbers are derived from IFRS-EU, excluding the impact
of divestments and special items

** Underlying after tax return divided by average equity based on 10%
core Tier 1 ratio

Underlying income

in EUR million 2013 2012
Retail Banking 10,162 9,090
Commercial Banking 4,994 4,963
Corporate Line Banking 149 260
Total Banking 15,305 14,313

Underlying result before tax

in EUR million 2013 2012
Retail Banking 2,603 1,963
Commercial Banking 1,817 1,635
Corporate Line Banking -97 -44
Total Banking 4,323 3,554

Europe’s weak economy and new financial regulations made it a
difficult year for the banking industry, but ING Bank still produced

a strong result in 2013. The Bank continued to be involved in

ING Group's restructuring programme, worked hard to optimise its
balance sheet, and announced more cost reductions in Retail
Netherlands, ING Belgium and Commercial Banking at the beginning
of 2013. Further progress was made on customer centricity,
operational excellence and being a top employer.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The underlying result before tax (excluding the impact of
divestments and special items) increased 21.6% to EUR 4,323
million in 2013 from EUR 3,554 million in 2012. This increase mainly
reflects a strengthening of the interest margin, less volatility in
credit and debt valuation adjustments ("CVA/DVA") in Commercial
Banking and the Corporate Line, and the absence of de-risking
losses in 2013. This was partly offset by 7.9% higher risk costs,
while expenses were almost flat despite higher pension costs and
additional restructuring charges.

Total underlying income rose 6.9% to EUR 15,305 million in 2013,
from EUR 14,313 million in 2012. The underlying interest result
increased 1.2% to EUR 11,804 million driven by an improvement of
the interest margin to 1.42% from 1.32% in 2012, whereas the
average balance sheet declined by 5.7%. The interest margin on
lending and savings products improved, supported by repricing in
the loan book and lowering of client savings rates. This more than
offset the impact of lower lending volumes, partly caused by the
transfer and sale of WestlandUtrecht Bank (“WUB") assets to

NN Group, and lower interest results in Bank Treasury following a
lengthening of the Bank's funding profile. Commission income rose
3.3% to EUR 2,244 million. Investment and other income strongly
improved to EUR 1,257 million, from EUR 477 million in 2012.

This improvement was mainly explained by the positive swing in
CVA/DVA adjustments (which were EUR 74 million positive in 2013,
compared with EUR 640 million of negative CVA/DVA impacts in
2012), while 2012 included EUR 478 million of selective de-risking
losses in the European debt securities portfolio, against nil in 2013.
Excluding both items, investment and other income was 25.8%
lower, mainly due to lower gains on the sale of equity and debt
securities.

Underlying operating expenses increased slightly by 0.6% to

EUR 8,694 million, compared with EUR 8,638 million in 2012.

The increase was mainly due to higher pension costs and additional
restructuring charges taken in the second half of 2013, which were
largely offset by the benefits from ongoing cost-saving initiatives,
the partial transfer of WUB staff to Nationale-Nederlanden Bank
and lower impairments on real estate development projects.

The underlying cost/income ratio improved to 56.8%, from 60.3%
in 2012.

The net addition to the provision for loan losses increased to

EUR 2,288 million, from EUR 2,121 million in 2012, reflecting the
continued weak economic environment. Risk costs were 83 basis
points of average risk-weighted assets compared with 74 basis
points in 2012. The underlying return on IFRS-EU equity was 9.0%
in 2013, up from 7.0% in 2012.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 27

aie amo |

squnoooe jenuue Auedwo> yuaieg ¢ sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD apueusanob ayeiodiop €

uonewsojul 1240 9

uonewsojul jeuonIPpY Z


--- Page 17 ---

Banking overview continued

ING‘s presence at 31 Dec 2013

ING Retail Banking
Benelux is the leading
bank in the Benelux.

ING Retail Banking International*
is active in Australia, Austria, China,

France, Germany, India, Italy, Poland,
Romania, Spain, Thailand and Turkey.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

It was a year of continued challenges for ING Bank and for the
banking industry as a whole. The external environment remained
challenging, which was felt by the Bank in the form of continued
high risk costs and weak demand for lending; however, net inflow
of funds entrusted, mainly retail, remained solid. Towards the end
of 2013 the European economy showed some signs of
improvement but it remains vulnerable. Despite the difficult
conditions, ING Bank produced a solid result in 2013.

International investor sentiment towards Europe improved in 2013,
illustrated by growing interest in bank shares and more capital
flows back into the eurozone. The banking sector became less
dependent on finance provided by funding from the European
Central Bank (ECB).

REGULATION AND SUPERVISION

New regulatory requirements imposed on Europe's banks have
resulted in higher expenses and higher costs for capital and
liquidity. An important development in 2013 was the agreement on
the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”) for banks in the
eurozone, which will involve a transfer of prudential regulatory
powers from national authorities to the ECB. About 130 of the
eurozone'’s largest banks, including ING Bank, will be directly
supervised by the ECB by the end of 2014.

ING regards the SSM as an important first step in creating a
European banking union. It will help eliminate uncoordinated
national supervisory practices, which are restricting cross-border
banking groups like ING from making internal funds transfers and
financing the economy.

Another key regulatory milestone was the agreement on the Capital

Requirements Regulation/Capital Requirements Directive (“CRR/CRD
lv"), the implementation of Basel III in the EU. An increase in the

28 NG Group Annual Report 2013

quality and quantity of capital is a central element of this new
regulatory framework, as is the introduction of a harmonised
liquidity framework. The rules came into force in January 2014,
although important elements are subject to further consideration
and calibration, such as the liquidity and leverage ratios.

Important steps were also taken by the European authorities in
crisis management regulation, in particular on the “bail-in”
proposals. The bail-in tool gives resolution authorities the power to
write down the claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution
and to convert those claims into equity. This applies to unsecured
liabilities with a number of exceptions, such as guaranteed deposits
and secured liabilities (including covered bonds). Although it was
originally foreseen that bail-in rules would apply from 2018, we
anticipate they could be introduced as early as 2016.

RESTRUCTURING

ING Bank continued to be involved in preparations for the NN Group
IPO as a base case. Relevant parts of WestlandUtrecht Bank
(“WUB") have been transferred to Nationale-Nederlanden Bank as
part of amendments to the EC Restructuring Plan announced in
November 2012, paving the way to divest these operations as part
of the NN Group IPO. In May, ING Bank paid the Group a dividend
of EUR 1.5 billion to facilitate the reduction of the Group double
leverage. Early July, ING Bank paid a dividend of EUR 330 million to
facilitate the capital injection into Nationale-Nederlanden Bank after
the transfer of WUB. Continued strong capital generation
furthermore facilitated the repayment of EUR 1.125 billion of core
Tier 1 securities, including a EUR 375 million in premiums and
interest, by ING Group to the Dutch State in November.

During the year ING took several more steps to unwind its support
from the Dutch State. In 2013 ING Bank reduced the Dutch

State guaranteed funding by EUR 3.6 billion to EUR 2.5 billion,
mainly through a tender offer. The remaining bonds will mature


--- Page 18 ---

in March 2014. In November 2013, ING announced that it had
reached an agreement with the Dutch State on the unwinding of
the Illiquid Assets Back-up Facility ("IABF”). In February 2014 ING
and the Dutch State completed the unwinding of IABF.

BALANCE SHEET OPTIMISATION

ING Bank worked hard to optimise its capital structure and met
most of the CRD IV requirements before they were implemented.
In November ING Bank announced and also executed a number of
liability management actions to optimise the capital structure in
anticipation of the upcoming CRD IV implementation.

ING Bank's balance sheet has also been reduced and strengthened.
The balance sheet declined following the transfer and sale of

EUR 8.3 billion of assets and EUR 3.7 billion of liabilities from WUB
to Nationale-Nederlanden Bank, and the sale of EUR 2.2 billion of
Dutch mortgages and EUR 1.0 billon of US Real Estate Finance
(“REF”) Loans. The balance sheet was also impacted by the
divestment of ING Direct UK in the first quarter of 2013 and the
sale of EUR 0.8 billion mortgage portfolio in Australia in the second
quarter of 2013.

ING Bank is on track to reach the target of EUR 54 billion balance
sheet integration (excluding off-balance positions) by 2015. Balance
sheet integration refers to the continuous efforts we put into trying
to minimise balance sheet inefficiencies that may arise because of
the fact that our client asset base and our client liability base do not
always grow at the same pace over time and across countries. This
also includes looking for synergies between different ING units
that have different balance sheet structures (some are client deposit
driven, others are client asset driven).

Since 2011, we have completed EUR 48 billion of balance sheet
integration to optimise local balance sheets, of which EUR 14 billion
was realised in 2013.

ING Bank attracted a net inflow of funds entrusted (adjusted for
WUB transfers, the divestment of ING Direct UK and currency
impacts) of EUR 27.3 billion during the year. Retail Banking
generated EUR 18.8 billion of net inflow, driven by continued
growth outside of the Netherlands. Total net lending grew by
EUR 5.5 billion (also adjusted for the sale of Dutch mortgages and
US REF loans), despite muted demand and pricing discipline.

COST CONTAINMENT

In February 2013 a second phase of ING Bank’s Retail Netherlands’
cost reduction programme was announced on top of the
programme announced in November 2011, followed by an
extension of the existing cost-saving programme in the fourth
quarter of 2013. Including this extension, total headcount
reductions are 4,400 FTEs and will result in EUR 460 million annual
cost savings by 2015. Since the start of the programme, there has
been a reduction of about 2,900 FTEs and EUR 279 million has
been saved.

The projects announced by ING Belgium at the beginning of 2013
to align its products and services with the new mobile banking
environment are on course. ING Belgium's cost-saving target by
2015 is EUR 160 million. By the end of 2013 cost savings of EUR

41 million have been achieved.

Commercial Banking’s restructuring programme is also on track and
by the end of 2013 cost savings of EUR 138 million were realised.
Commercial Banking continued with its global change programmes

which aim to save EUR 260 million by 2015 and at the same time
improve product delivery and enhance the One Bank client
experience. An example is the integrated client coverage approach,
focusing on unifying the sales force and harmonising client services.
For more information see the chapter on Commercial Banking.

The previously announced cost-saving initiatives are expected to
reduce expenses at ING Bank by EUR 880 million by 2015, of
which EUR 458 million has already been achieved since the start of
the programmes.

CUSTOMER CENTRICITY

As a bank we play an important role in helping our retail and
commercial customers make the right decisions by providing them
with products and services that meet their needs. Our role is to
support the economy; ING Bank can only achieve long-term
business success if it contributes towards economic development,
a healthy environment and a stable society.

We strive to meet growing demand from customers for products
that not only generate good financial results, but also serve social
and environmental objectives. We do this by integrating
sustainability considerations into our business and by managing
the socio-environmental risks of our transactions and
engagements. We updated our Environmental and Social Risk
Framework and embedded client screening as part of the client
on-boarding process.

Some of our products help relieve social and environmental
problems. For example, we offer retail customers in the
Netherlands an ING Savings Account for UNICEF which supports.
UNICEF, the UN children's charity; and in India we offer farmers
products to cover their credit needs before, during and after
harvest time.

In our lending and saving activities, ING's Groenbank helps
businesses make their activities more sustainable. ING Groenbank is
the number two green bank in the Netherlands and was the lead
arranger of a record EUR 100 million green loan to a Dutch energy
company in 2013. ING has also created a Sustainable Lending team
to identify and support sustainable business opportunities within
commercial banking. The team has a global mandate, to identify
and promote growth areas in the sustainability arena.

Microfinance can help under-banked communities gain access

to financial services, contributing to poverty reduction. ING's
microfinance portfolio, financed by ING Groenbank, is active in
India, Africa and, since 2013, in Turkey. ING Turkey's microfinance
activities are facilitated by an ING Groenbank loan of EUR 30
million which is part of the total microfinance portfolio of EUR

75 million.

We continue to innovate. In 2013 we launched “responsive”
websites for example at ING Austria, ING Czech Republic and ING
Italy. These are sites where no matter what device is being used
(smartphone, tablet or PC), the site content will always fit in

the screen.

ING Vysya Bank introduced an iPhone-based mobile app to extend
its reach into remote cities and rural areas. ING Bank Slaski was the
first bank in Poland, and one of the first in the world, to offer
contactless ATM technology, increasing the number of contactless
ATMs. Using best practices from around the ING world, ING Turkey

ING Group Annual Report 2013 29

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 19 ---

Banking overview continued

introduced an innovative and award-winning branch concept to
respond to changing customer demands. In these newly designed
branches, customer centricity is brought to the fore, with ample
room for customer interaction by means of, for example, self-
service facilities. The bank also introduced an iPad mobile banking
app which helps sales teams service customers across retail and
commercial banking.

Customers in Belgium have been embracing new technologies
faster than anticipated, leading to greater use of digital services and
prompting further process automation. In the Netherlands, the
number of mobile log-ons at ING exceeded online banking log-ons
for the first time in the third quarter of 2013.

Addressing the problem of the subdued housing market in the
Netherlands, ING Bank introduced an online “stress test” which
helps homeowners see whether their financial planning can be
improved. ING Netherlands also launched an online tool
(Afloswijzer) to help customers decide whether to save or pay off
their mortgage.

Customer-led change is at the heart of ING Bank. In Retail Banking,
our full service franchises in the Netherlands and Belgium are
evolving as online and mobile channels grow in importance. And in
our direct franchises we are expanding our product range.

Commercial Banking is restructuring its organisation to provide a
more consistent customer experience across sales, servicing and
back office support.

We are becoming the primary bank for more customers. ING Spain,
for instance, started 14 years ago only with savings; now it is well
on the way to becoming the primary bank for many customers, and
a multi-product bank.

In 2013 we enjoyed a number of key milestones and external
recognition. ING-DiBa, for example, surpassed EUR 100 billion
funds entrusted and ING Spain surpassed one million payments
accounts.

Customers voted ING Direct Australia as the Best Bank in Australia
and ING-DiBa was named Germany's most admired bank for the
seventh year in a row. ING was named “Bank of the Year 2013” in
Western Europe by The Banker, the global financial magazine which
is part of the Financial Times Group; The Banker also named ING
“Bank of the Year” in Belgium, and “Bank of the Year” in the
Netherlands for the third year in a row. Commercial Banking
received several awards in recognition of ING's capabilities in trade
finance and structured finance. High profile deals demonstrated
Commercial Banking’s skill in combining its expertise to create
tailored solutions for clients across countries and industries sectors.

OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE

Operational excellence is a key priority at ING Bank. We align

our systems, structure and processes to deliver the best customer
experience in a cost-effective way. The big transformations

we have initiated in the Netherlands and Belgium, and in
Commercial Banking, are laying the groundwork for a lower

cost base.

ING in the Netherlands is improving its customer services by
focusing on easy-to-use operational processes. To reach this goal,

30 ING Group Annual Report 2013

ING applied 10 simple principles for each operational process, such
as “never ask the customer for information we already have”. In
Belgium, customers can now request business loans online. ING
Turkey in 2013 became the first bank in the country to offer an
electronic invoicing solution which reduces paper and other costs.
ING Romania launched Fast Track Light Automation, an application
to handle loan applications for new Mid Corporate Business
customers within 48 hours.

TOP EMPLOYER

Remaining a top employer is a key priority at ING Bank. Having
motivated employees is essential for success because they build
lasting relationships with customers.

Top Employer teams are organised in each business line, with
responsibility for executing at a local level the bank-wide Top
Employer action plan.

Across the banking businesses, best practices are shared in the
three global priorities identified to bring more focus and
consistency to the Top Employer programme: performance
management, development, and efficient & effective collaboration.

ING France, ING Italy, ING Poland, ING Belgium and ING Spain
received local Top Employer Awards. ING Luxembourg, Interhyp,
ING-DiBa and ING Spain have also received European “Great Place
to Work Awards”, placing them in the top-25 of Best Multinational
Workplaces in Europe. ING is the only financial institution in this
European ranking. This success strengthens our employer branding
and demonstrates that we are on track with our Top Employer
programme.

However, there are several challenges facing us as an employer.
First, the general sentiment towards banks is still not positive.
Second, we had to lower the headcount at ING Bank to reduce
costs and keep our organisation flexible. These measures (also from
previous years with an impact on 2013) resulted in a total reduction
of internal staff at ING Bank by 2,022 FTEs in 2013 despite growth
in Retail International. Third, we tightened up our remuneration
policy in the Netherlands. Despite these challenges, the outcome of
our annual employee engagement survey showed an increased
confidence in the long-term future of the company which illustrates
the resilience of our staff in a difficult environment.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

ING Bank made good progress during the year towards its
Ambition 2015 targets, despite the difficult banking market and
economic conditions. The underlying net profit of ING Bank
improved to EUR 3.2 billion in 2013. This was due to a
strengthening of the interest margin, good cost control, and
supported by the absence of de-risking losses in 2013 and less
volatility from CVA/DVA impacts. The funding profile of the bank
improved, which enabled us to continue to support our customers,
although demand for assets remained subdued.

We continued to deliver on our strategic priorities: sharpening our
business focus; reducing costs; making capital, funding and liquidity
more robust; and meeting customers’ demand.

We include sustainability criteria in our business decision-making.
We have witnessed a continued increase in the volume of
sustainable portfolios across all our operations. For more details


--- Page 20 ---

see the business chapter in ING’s Sustainability Report.

We achieved what we set out to do on the balance sheet:
increasing the leverage ratio, strengthening the funding profile
and meeting our Basel III capital ratio target.

We kept a steady course, and serving customers’ needs remained
at the heart of our business. ING will continue to pursue
technological innovation to support retail customers’ needs,

and we will use our expertise and international network as a
leading commercial banking for our corporate clients, both inside
and outside Europe.

Our main ambition is to finalise our disentanglement from the
Dutch state. Our longer-term ambition is to develop a mature
banking model in each country where we operate.

Above all, ING Bank aims to build on its leading position as
a predominantly European bank with a strong international
network focused on providing customers with consistently
high-quality services.

ING Group Annual Re}

31

aie amo |

ral
2
3
8
cI
3
3

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

squnoooe jenuue Auedwo> yuaieg ¢

uonewsojul 1240 9

uonewsojul jeuonIPpY Z


--- Page 21 ---

Retail Banking

Customer First, Digital First

> Continued focus on customer needs with
easy and fair products at low costs

> Providing fast and innovative responses in
a rapidly changing banking environment

> Digital innovation a top priority

Financial overview*

in EUR million 2013 2012
Total underlying income 10,162 9,090
Underlying operating expenses 6,138 5,961
Underlying additions to loan loss provisions 1,421 1,166
Underlying result before tax 2,603 1,963
Underlying cost/income ratio 60.4% 65.6%
Customer balances: net production funds

entrusted (EUR billion) 19 28
Customer balances: net production lending

(EUR billion) 6 12
Underlying risk costs in bp of average

risk-weighted assets 100 82
Risk-weighted assets (year-end, EUR billion,

adjusted for divestments) 152 143
Underlying return on equity based on 10%

core Tier 1** 13.2% 9.5%

* Underlying numbers are derived from IFRS-EU, excluding the impact
of divestments and special items.

** Underlying after tax return divided by average equity based on 10%
core Tier 1 ratio.

Underlying income

in EUR million 2013 2012
Retail Netherlands 4,079 3,897
Retail Belgium 2,321 2,194
Retail Germany 1,388 1,193
Retail Rest of World 2,374 1,807
Total Retail Banking 10,162 9,090

Underlying result before tax

in EUR million 2013 2012
Retail Netherlands 872 983
Retail Belgium 663 601
Retail Germany 598 441
Retail Rest of World 471 -62
Total Retail Banking 2,603 1,963

32

VG Group Annual Rep

Retail Banking provides banking services to individuals and small
and medium-sized enterprises in Europe, Asia and Australia. A full
range of products and services is provided, albeit offerings may
vary according to local demand. Retail Banking has leading
positions in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany,
Australia and Poland. It also has solid positions in its other markets
— Spain, France, Austria, Italy, Romania, Turkey and India — where it
challenges the established players. It has equity positions in TMB
Bank (Thailand) and Bank of Beijing (China). Every country has the
same strategic focus: to provide easy and fair banking, at low costs,
according to the “direct if possible, advice when needed” principle.

In addition to putting the customer first, operational excellence and
being a top employer, the focus in 2013 was on “digital first”,
providing customers with a consistent and improved experience
across all channels and on maintaining a safe electronic banking
environment. Although in many areas the economic and social
uncertainty persisted in 2013, Retail Banking’s performance

was strong.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Retail Banking’s underlying result before tax rose 32.6% to EUR
2,603 million in 2013 from EUR 1,963 million in 2012, mainly due to
higher interest results following improved margins on lending and
savings, and the absence of de-risking losses on the investment
portfolio, which were prominent in 2012. This was in part offset by
higher expenses and increased risk costs.

Underlying income rose 11.8% to EUR 10,162 million. The interest
result was 6.3% higher, driven by improved margins on lending and
savings, the latter following reductions in customer savings rates,
which more than offset the impact of the transfer and sale of
portfolios, mainly related to the partial transfer of WestlandUtrecht
Bank (“WUB”) to Nationale-Nederlanden Bank. Adjusted for
currency impacts and the aforementioned transfers and sales, net
inflow in funds entrusted was EUR 18.8 billion, predominantly in
Germany and Rest of World. Net lending growth was EUR 5.8
billion, of which EUR 4.2 billion was in residential mortgages.
Commission income rose 3.0% due to higher fees from the
securities business. Investment and other income improved to

EUR 396 million from a loss of EUR 137 million in 2012, mainly due
to the absence of losses from the selective sale of European debt
securities, which dampened income by EUR 462 million in 2012,
and higher dividend from Bank of Beijing.

Underlying operating expenses increased 3.0% to EUR 6,138
million, mainly due to higher pension costs and additional
restructuring charges recorded in the Netherlands as part of the
existing efficiency programmes. This was largely offset by the
benefits from the ongoing cost-savings initiatives and the partial
transfer of WUB staff to Nationale-Nederlanden Bank. The
underlying cost/income ratio improved to 60.4%, from 65.6%
in 2012.

The additions to the provision for loan losses increased by 21.9%
to EUR 1,421 million, or 100 basis points of average risk-weighted
assets compared with 82 basis points in 2012. The increase was
mainly caused by higher risk costs in the Dutch mortgage and
business lending portfolio, as well as in India and Turkey.

The underlying return on equity, based on a 10% core Tier 1 ratio,
rose to 13.2% from 9.5% in 2012 due to higher results, while


--- Page 22 ---

average risk-weighted assets remained stable. In 2013, however,
total risk-weighted assets increased by EUR 9 billion to EUR 152
billion at year-end, mainly caused by adjusted parameters to reflect
the ongoing weakness of the Dutch economy and its impact on the
mortgage and business lending portfolio, and despite early signs of
an improvement in the Dutch housing market in the last quarter.

RETAIL BANKING

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

In a rapidly changing banking environment, both from a consumer,
regulatory and technology point of view, our customers remain at
the heart of what we do. We maintain a dialogue with them and
are constantly adapting and improving our products, services and
processes. Everything is geared to achieving our goal: to be the
preferred bank for our customers, a goal that is driven by customer
centricity, operational excellence, balance sheet optimisation and
being a top employer. We can only be successful when we respond
to our customers.

ING's retail banks have different roots: some have their origins in
traditional, universal banks, while others were set up as new
businesses, such as the former ING Direct units. In 2013, ING
continued to combine these two retail models, with all business
units following the same strategy and converging to the same
model: easy and fair, and at low costs. The product and service
range is thereby tailored to local customers and circumstances, with
a focus on “digital first”. Around the world, customers are
increasingly interacting with ING through digital channels, with
mobile taking the lead. We think that mobile banking is the future
of retail banking. Therefore, we are sharing mobile banking best
practices across business units, so we can respond quickly to
changing needs and bring new solutions to our customers as fast
as possible, shorten the time to market and be more efficient.
Consumers worldwide are also increasingly self-directed and
empowered. They look for fair pricing and transparent terms and
conditions from their bank and compare these with what other
banks offer. They also want a seamless experience, whether they
use a mobile, tablet, PC, phone or visit a branch. All business units
therefore continued to invest in IT in order to respond rapidly to
recent innovations.

In each of the sections below, we outline some of the main social,
economic and regulatory developments of 2013, and show

how we responded to them to help customers make the right
financial decisions.

The overall approach is driven by our Retail Standards Board, which
is composed of the most senior leaders in the Retail Banking
organisation. It sets standards in retail banking, creating and
nurturing a sustainable knowledge-sharing culture throughout the
Bank. Its priorities in 2013 were device-independent online
banking, security and fighting cybercrime, social media and
business/customer intelligence.

Our customer-centric focus has resulted in most countries achieving
first or second place in Net Promoter Scores (NPS) compared with
competitors. ING applies the NPS methodology in nearly all
countries to measure customer engagement and the results are
used to improve customer services and internal processes.

To achieve our vision of becoming the preferred bank for our
customers, we must have employees who are committed and

motivated. A Top Employer programme was launched in 2011
and since then Top Employer teams in every country where we
operate have been steadily working to meet common standards.
The programme will be continued in 2014.

As for sustainability, we are meeting the increasing demand for
products and services that not only generate good financial returns,
but also meet clear social, environmental and ethical objectives.
Furthermore, we aim to offer our product offering to all society
segments, including young people, the physically challenged and
the economically disadvantaged. That is why we offer micro
finance to entrepreneurs and proactive assistance to mortgage
holders in financial distress. We are increasing the number of
branches that have barrier-free access and are reaching out to
“under-banked"commurnities in India. In 2013, many of our
business units offered products and services to people with special
needs. Our sustainable activities are embedded in the activities of
all our business units.

RETAIL NETHERLANDS

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The underlying result before tax of Retail Netherlands decreased
11.3% to EUR 872 million in 2013 compared with EUR 983 million
in 2012, due to additional restructuring charges and an increase in
risk costs.

Underlying income rose 4.7% to EUR 4,079 million in 2013,
reflecting higher interest results on lending and savings due to an
improvement in margins, supported by a reduction in customer
savings rates. These improvements were partly offset by lower
volumes following the transfer and sale of EUR 8.3 billion of assets
and EUR 3.7 billion of liabilities from WestlandUtrecht Bank (WUB)
to NN Group, together with the sale of another EUR 2.2 billion of
mortgages. Excluding these sales and transfers, net production of
mortgages was EUR -0.4 billion in 2013, while other lending, mainly
business lending, decreased by EUR 2.2 billion. Net production in
funds entrusted was nil, mainly caused by new legislation for local
governments to place surplus cash at the National Treasury and an
acceleration of redemptions on mortgages.

Operating expenses increased 3.6% to EUR 2,330 million in 2013,
including EUR 97 million of additional restructuring charges taken
in the second half of the year, which were part of an extension of
the efficiency programmes currently running. Excluding the
restructuring charges, expenses decreased 0.7% from 2012, despite
higher pension costs, reflecting the benefits of the efficiency
programmes and the transfer of WUB staff to Nationale-
Nederlanden Bank as from mid-2013. Net additions to loan loss
provisions rose to EUR 877 million from EUR 665 million in 2012,
mainly due to higher risk costs on mortgages and to a lesser
extent business lending, reflecting the continued weakness in the
Dutch economy.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

As was the case in most European countries, the Netherlands had
to cope with strong economic headwinds in 2013. There was a
sharp increase in unemployment in the Netherlands, particularly in
the first half of 2013, and a record high in corporate bankruptcies.
The housing market remained weak but began to stabilise in the
second half of the year, with house prices declining at a less rapid
rate and demand picking up. In the course of 2013, the economy
began to show signs of improvement as the country emerged from

ING Group Annual Report 2013 33

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 23 ---

Retail Banking continued

a year-long recession, with a pickup in externally-orientated sectors
such as industry and transport helping to offset continued weak
domestic demand.

The overall performance of Retail Netherlands (Retail NL) was good,
despite the ongoing adverse economic circumstances. Income has
improved despite the current low interest rate environment in
combination with a weak demand for business loans and a still
fragile housing market. Underlying expenses were slightly down,
when not taking into account the strong increase in pension costs.
The poor economic climate, however, is also reflected by higher
risk costs.

Retail NL has a top two market position in the Netherlands, serving
almost eight million retail and private banking customers and nearly
700,000 SME and Mid-Corporate customers. Although customer
demand for digital banking services continued to increase, ING
maintained a substantial physical presence with 268 branches and
375 ING Service Points.

Retail NL's mortgage market share declined by 1.4%-point, mainly
due to the transfer and sale of part of the WUB portfolio. The
full-year net production in mortgages (excluding transfers and sales)
was EUR -0.4 billion (2012: EUR 1.8 billion). The non-performing
loans ratio increased to 1.9% (2012: 1.4%) of total mortgage loans,
which is still relatively low.

In recent years we have substantially reduced, among other things,
the number of savings and related products from over 60 to a
much smaller and more convenient product range. We kept
improving our product range by screening and review product
processes, making them simpler and more customer-friendly.

We have to constantly adapt to changing market circumstances and
control costs in order to remain efficient. Following the measures
announced, the number of full-time employees (FTEs) will be
reduced by 4,400 by the end of 2015. So far, the headcount has
been reduced by 2,900 FTEs.

Customer centricity

We make daily banking easy and stand by customers at decisive
moments in their lives by providing personal, active and service-
oriented solutions. To this end, we have launched a new campaign,
“Orange Banking” (Orange is ING), illustrating our engagement with
Dutch society. This campaign, which is driven by the needs of our
customers, was rolled out in 2013 and will be continued in 2014.

Based on the principle “Customer Interest First”, Retail NL maintains
a customer-centric organisation. A programme has been in place
for several years to ensure that the customer's interest is always at
the centre of our activities. This programme aims at simplifying
customer processes, improving our products and services and
motivating employees to put the customer's interest first. These
Customer Interest First-focused objectives are also included in the
Key Performance Indicators for all our employees, including those
of management.

We are in a constant and meaningful dialogue with customers and
regulators to get their feedback and improve our performance.

For example, customer feedback told us that SME customers would
appreciate more personal contact with ING. As a result, in 2013, a
further 30,000 SME customers were given access to a relationship

34 ING Group Annual Report 2013

manager. Under our Net Promoter Score (“NPS”) programme,
which has been in place since 2009, some 250,000 customers a
year give us their opinion on their customer experience. We also
get customer feedback from several Customer Advisory Boards.
We let customers know how we follow-up on their feedback via
a dedicated page on our website.

We also get in touch with our customers via online media, from
online seminars on topics such as housing, business lending, and
the Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA) to the use of social media. In
November, the CEO of ING Netherlands used Google Hangout, the
instant messaging and live video chat platform, to talk with
customers about various issues, including mobile banking, online
communications with the bank and the future of banking.

We are also constantly improving our successful mobile banking
apps for retail and corporate customers by adding functionalities
requested by them. We achieved an important milestone in the
third quarter of 2013 when mobile log-ons exceeded internet
banking log-ons for the first time. Mobile traffic increased from
over 25 million at year-end 2012 to over 41 million visits a month at
the end of 2013.

We have introduced a number of tools that help customers make
the right financial decisions, such as the Mortgage Stress Test
(Hypotheken Stress-test) and the Buffer Calculator (Buffer-
berekenaar). ING has also introduced the Mortgage Repayment
Calculator (Afloswijzer) — an online tool to help consumers decide
whether it is better to save or repay their mortgage. As part of our
social engagement efforts, we also offer customers who face an
involuntary and substantial decline in income a mortgage
repayment scheme called the Interest Payment Freeze (Hypotheek
Rentepauze) to help them out.

At ING Zakelijk (ING Corporate), we launched the Entrepreneurial
Financing (Ondernemend financieren) campaign in 2013 which,
among other things, allows relationship managers to have a
dialogue with customers about the various credit options.

We hosted a number of roundtable sessions with SME and
Mid-Corporate customers in 2013 on relevant topics during which
we shared our financial and sector knowledge. ING Mid-Corporate,
together with ING Private Banking, launched a platform for
family-owned businesses to share knowledge and provide benefits
to the customer from the expertise of these two business lines.

ING Private Banking started a strategy to enhance customer centricity
internally and the customer experience externally. This involved
relocating staff to branches to increase our local presence and increasing
the number of Client Service Teams. We opened our first Private
Banking branch in Wassenaar and nine more will be added in 2014.

Another initiative to support Dutch businesses is the Orange Trade
Mission Fund (Oranje Handelsmissiefonds), founded by ING, KLM
and MKB-Nederland in collaboration with the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs. Each year, the fund offers 10 businesses the opportunity to
develop their international plans with an Orange Trade Mission
package, which provides fully-supported participation in official
trade delegations, a customised trade mission or participation in
international fairs. The 10 winners in 2013 are being monitored and
their know-how, experience and stories will eventually be shared

as an example for other Dutch businesses.


--- Page 24 ---

In September, several customers of ING Private Wealth & Asset
Management, together with ING and other Dutch companies,
launched the Dutch Orange Capital Enterprise Fund (Ondernemend
Oranje Kapitaal). The Fund makes capital, expertise and advice
available to SMEs. The objective is to give the Dutch economy a
much-needed boost, and at the same time offer investors an
attractive and sustainable commercial return.

Reaffirming ING’s commitment to sustainable lending and saving,
ING's Groenbank (Green Bank) was the lead arranger of a record
EUR 100 million syndicated green loan to Dutch energy company
Eneco. One of the primary objectives of ING Groenbank is to
stimulate sustainable entrepreneurship by offering interest-rate
reductions for sustainable projects, ranging from solar panels to
wind turbines and waste factories. ING Groenbank also attracts
green saving deposits from retail customers in the Netherlands

— Groen spaardeposito’s — and allocates these funds to provide
green lending services to SMEs, Mid-Corporates and Corporate
Clients, and to provide microfinance lending to ING subsidiaries.
At year-end 2013, ING Groenbank had a balance sheet total of
EUR 769 million.

In October, ING introduced the ING Savings Account for UNICEF.
ING donates 0.10% per annum calculated over the total average
savings balance on these accounts. This money is used to support
a UNICEF-led education project in Madagascar.

The ING Socially Responsible Investment portfolios consider social
and environmental criteria when investing the funds of retail and
private-banking customers. These criteria have been integrated into
the investment-decision process of the ING Investment Office.

The process also includes an analysis of both the financial and
sustainability performance. Since its introduction in 2008, the ING
Socially Responsbile Investing Index has outperformed the MSCI
World Index and the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.

Customer centricity has become an integral part of various bank
employee courses, such as the general Enter@ING programme for
new employees, as well as for specific positions like SME
relationship managers. Educating and training staff to give them
the skills to help customers and ensure that customers remain at
the centre of our attention is a key goal.

Our efforts have been recognised by various organisations,
confirming that we are well on the way to become our customers’
preferred bank. ING won several awards in 2013, including three
“Bank of the Year” awards for the Netherlands, Belgium and
Western Europe from The Banker, part of the Financial Times
Group; the “Best Bank in the Netherlands” award from Global
Finance, the Mobile Banking Campaign “Penny for your thoughts”
won the SAN Accent 2012 Award in the category Financial Service
Industry; the “Gouden Oor Erkenning” for complaints
management; and the “Complain Online”award for the fastest and
best handling of complaints. ING achieved second position in the
Social Media Monitor's “Best Bank in the Netherlands”. ING Private
Banking was “highly commended” by the Financial Times.

Operational excellence

We have improved customer service since 2012 by focusing on
easy-to-use operational processes and making it easier for
customers to change their personal data. We apply 10 simple
principles for each operational customer process, such as: “never

ask the customer for information we already have”. Furthermore,
customers should always receive confirmation of changes made
in their data and customer satisfaction has to be measured for all
processes. These principles force us to improve and to introduce
our solutions as easy as possible, from the customer point of view.
In 2013, we realised the first results of simplifying our customer
operational processs. For example, the child and youth account
opening process is now shortened from 28 questions to 4 clicks.

In September, ING and other parties piloted a new smartphone
payment method. During the three-month trial in the city centre of
Leiden, around 1,000 consumers paid for goods and services using
their smartphone at 180 retail shops with the amount to be paid
debited directly from their bank account. Pilot results showed that
for the majority of the participating consumers mobile payments
exceeded their expectations. Based on customer and retailer
feedback, ING was able to improve this process even further.

A first nationwide market introduction is scheduled for the second
half of 2014. Also in 2013, ING set up a system with Chambers of
Commerce, whereby if a business changes its address or other
details with its local chamber, the details of the change are relayed
automatically by the chamber to ING. There is no need for the
business separately to notify ING of the change.

Cyber security is a growing concern for all banks. ING has therefore
been working with the Dutch Ministry of Justice, other banks,
consumer organisations and businesses to discuss better ways of
combatting cyber attacks. Retail NL suffered several attacks in 2012
and has improved its defensive measures since. However, also ING
experienced Distributed Denial-of-Service ("DDoS") attacks in 2013,
during which its website was bombarded with data traffic and, as a
result, Mijn ING, the Mobile Banking app and iDEAL payments
were blocked for some time. We have since taken further counter
measures to block unwanted traffic. At no point during these
attacks have customer details been compromised.

Top Employer

Several Top Employer initiatives were launched in the Netherlands
in 2013. They included a new career platform, “Steer Your Career”,
which helps employees determine their strengths and passions,
what they want in their business life and how to achieve it. Physical
wellbeing is supported by the introduction of Energy@ING, which
teaches employees to manage their energy level. More than 4,000
have signed up to the programme. The scope of The New Way of
Working (Het Nieuwe Werken), was extended and is now available
to over 5,000 employees at head office locations, creating flexible
working conditions and the opportunity to have a better work/life
balance. ING employees have asked to be given more flexibility over
how they use their staff benefits. As a result, the Benefits Budget
(Keuzebudget) has been introduced as from 2014, giving them
better control over some of their benefits.

Top Employer initiatives will continue to be developed in 2014.

WestlandUtrecht Bank

Following a European Commission decision in November 2012
the banking activities of WestlandUtrecht Bank were partly
combined with those of Nationale-Nederlanden, which is to be
divested as part of NN Group. The resulting retail bank (Nationale-
Nederlanden Bank) manages its funding and distribution strategy
in the Dutch market independently from ING Bank.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 35

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 25 ---

Retail Banking continued

WestlandUtrecht Bank continues to service remaining portfolios
within ING Retail Banking Netherlands.

RETAIL BELGIUM

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The underlying result before tax of Retail Belgium increased 10.3%
compared with 2012 to EUR 663 million, due to higher income
supported by volume growth.

Underlying income rose 5.8% to EUR 2,321 million, from EUR 2,194
million in 2012, mainly reflecting higher interest results driven by
further growth in customer balances, while margins on current
accounts declined. In 2013, net production in funds entrusted was
EUR 3.7 billion. The net mortgage production was EUR 1.0 billion,
while other lending grew slightly by EUR 0.1 billion.

Operating expenses increased 3.6% compared with 2012 to EUR
1,476 million, mainly due to higher expenses for the deposit
guarantee scheme and inflation-driven cost increases, which were
partly offset by the benefits from the efficiency programmes. Risk
costs were EUR 183 million, or 89 basis points of average risk-
weighted assets. This is an increase of 8.9% on 2012, reflecting
higher additions for business lending and mortgages, though the
latter still remained relatively low.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Following the 2012 recession, economic growth picked up in
Belgium in 2013, with gross domestic product increasing by 0.2%.
Private consumption started to recover in 2013, increasing by 0.6%
in real terms, and house price growth stabilised just above the
inflation rate. The improvement in household confidence implied a
slightly higher risk appetite. As a result, savings deposits increased,
but at a lower pace than in the years before 2013.

The ING investor barometer showed improved confidence among
retail investors throughout the year.

ING Belgium (ING BE), one of the largest retail banks in the country,
provides its 2,400,000 (year-end 2013) private and business
customers with a full range of banking products and services. It
continued to carry out its “direct if possible, advice when needed”
strategy. It maintained its leading position as a strongly customer
focused bank. This was evidenced by, among other things, winning
the 2013 “Bank of the Year — Belgium” award from The Banker in
recognition for “its solid financial and commercial performance”
and “its strategy for investing in new channels”.

The Bank continually responds to the fast-changing customer
behaviours and expectations and adopts new technologies to meet
their needs. It improved its direct channels, both for private and
business customers. It launched, for example, a new app for tablets
and, in September, ING BE became the first bank in Belgium where
business customers can sign and activate their business lending
contract online. ING BE's specialist advisers were equipped with a
new computer device that enables customers to sign for advice-
related products such as investment or lending products outside
the branch, for example at home. This project, which started in
2013, will be further rolled out in 2014.

Over the past four years, direct sales of simple online products have
more than doubled, accounting for more than 40% of ING BE's
total simple product sales. Coupled with the increasing number of
cumulated downloads of its mobile application since 2011
(448,000), this confirms the increasing use of direct banking by its
customers. Daily mobile transactions more than tripled year-on-year
in 2013.

36 ING Group Annual Report 2013

ING BE also continued the transformation programme for its branch
network and 63 branches were renovated. By year-end, more

than 600 out of 748 branches had been completely refurbished
into open and more customer-friendly branches. The branches are
at the crossroads of advice and online banking in ING BE's
distribution model.

Private Banking, which has a top three position in Belgium, was
awarded “Best Private Bank in Belgium” by the magazine World
Finance. The total amount of Private Banking funds entrusted and
assets under management in Retail Belgium was EUR 17.6 billion
(+ 4.9% since 2012).

The Bank's continuous efforts to make banking easy paid off. For
the 7th year in a row, ING Belgium experienced a net year-on-year
growth of its customer base. The net growth of active customers
amounted to 62,000, to a total of nearly 500,000 active customers
since the introduction in 2007 of its “direct if possible, advice when
needed” strategy.

Moreover, for the first time, more than 100,000 ING Lion accounts,
the Bank's free online current account, were opened in one year.

As a result of fundamental changes in customer behaviour, in
particular the greater use of online and mobile banking, ING BE
announced in early 2013 a plan to reduce the number of employees
between then and the end of 2015. While the number of
employees in Belgium decreased, mainly as a result of natural
attrition, the Bank continued to hire new people. In 2013, 314 new
FTEs were welcomed at ING BE. Given the external challenges, the
Bank raised its focus on cost containment. While continuing to
invest in innovative customer-oriented solutions, ING BE ensured
that other expenses were either frozen or reduced.

The new Collective Labour Agreement, which was signed at
the end of 2013, aims to moderate the rise in salaries until 2016.

Customer centricity

ING BE continued to offer products and services that best meet
customers’ needs and to improve access through new mobile
banking facilities. ING BE’s mobile banking app, Smart Banking,
was launched for tablets in 2013, providing a user experience in line
with customer expectations for a tablet device. With this app
customers can easily manage their income and expenditure with
the “My budget” tool, and make transfers to any beneficiary.

ING BE's open guided architecture fund range regrouping high
quality funds from selected investment companies experienced a
consistent above-the-market performance. The open-guided
architecture fund offer was enlarged with the launch of the ING
Core Fund. This Fund, which groups a limited selection of funds
from several investment companies with a Morningstar rating of
three stars or more, witnessed the strongest increase in funds
entrusted of all funds over the past five years.

Since 2013, all branches have also been equipped with Wifi and
iPads, to help ING BE’s customers discover the multiple advantages
of online and mobile banking.

The Bank invested in new customer intelligence and lead-
management solutions, enabling it to offer the right product
to the right customer, at the right moment, and through the
right channel.


--- Page 26 ---

Through its corporate social responsibility (CSR) policy ING BE aims
to manage its business not solely on the basis of financial criteria
but also by giving the necessary weight to the environment, ethical
considerations and the needs of society in general.

Against this background, ING BE committed itself to improve the
accessibility of its branches for physically challenged people. By the
year-end, more than 600 branches had been renovated to meet
this objective. The Bank also strives to reduce its carbon footprint
every year. Branches and ING BE's two main buildings have been
“carbon neutral” since 2007. They use 100% green electricity and
foster a strict waste-recycling policy. Various projects aimed at
reducing the use of paper, such as paper cheques and paper
payment orders, were started in 2013, in coordination with efforts
to improve the ease of use of electronic alternatives, such as
Home’Bank. On top of these initiatives, sustainability is also
embedded in ING BE's product offering to private customers. While
the growth of real-estate eco loans to private customers stabilised
in 2013, eco car loans increased by close to 5% year-on-year.

ING BE's employees participated in various initiatives enabling to
raise funds for children and education (ING Run for UNICEF, Special
Olympics and Ekiden Run). The ING Solidarity Award represented
one of ING BE’s strongest CSR initiatives throughout the year. More
than 1,400 organisations participated in this contest, with over
200,000 voters on the Award platform. In total, 70 non-profit
organisations throughout the country were rewarded with financial
support from ING BE.

Operational excellence

ING BE launched a new version of Home’Bank, the Bank's online
banking service, which is fully integrated with the ing.be website. It
provides easier navigation, more product information and a clear
overview of the different functions. Business customers were also
given a more complete online banking service during the year.
From 2013, legal entities have been able to open accounts and
manage mandates within the Home’Bank Plus and Telelink Online.
Business customers can also manage a more complete range

of professional accounts on Smart Banking for smartphones

and tablets.

Top Employer

In a fast-changing world, ING BE strives to give its employees

the means to develop themselves, and to create a working
environment that favours well-being, performance, mobility,
flexibility and growth.

The local Top Employer programme implemented a new induction
course for newly recruited staff. It also rejuvenated its Performance
Management Approach to ensure continuous constructive
feedback. This new approach supports employees in developing
their employability and managers in their people-coaching role
while reinforcing the role of HR as a strategic business partner.

For the seventh year in a row, ING BE received a Top Employer
Certification from the CRF institute. It also won the Corporate HR
Award at the annual HR Excellence Awards ceremony, in
recognition of its efforts to increase its employees’ employability.
ING BE created the ING Mobility Centre in 2013. It helps employees
whose positions were made redundant find other jobs in ING BE or
elsewhere.

The Bank organised an ING Day in October for all employees to
celebrate success, prepare for future challenges and reinforce
company pride.

Record Bank

Retail Belgium includes Record Bank, the fourth-largest retail
savings institution in the country, with close to 730,000 customers
(up from 700,000 in 2012). Record Bank serves retail, professional
and small business customers with safe, simple and transparent
savings and lending products.

Its strength is the personal approach taken by its network of
around 1,500 independent agents, credit brokers and vendors. Its
funds entrusted volumes went up by 8% compared with 2012,
with a strong increase in savings and deposits of EUR 1.3 billion, as
a result of its excellent position in the Belgian savings market.

The Bank continues to invest in online facilities to support its
various distribution channels. In December, it launched its Mobile
App for smartphones — Record Bank Mobile - giving customers the
ability to check account balances and make bank transfers.

Under the Belgian government's Bank Switch Service
(Bankoverstapdienst) customers should be able to switch banks
within eight working days. The service has proved to be a great
success for Record Bank, which has welcomed about 11% of the
people switching in 2013. They have been attracted by Record’s
free current account, competitive savings rates, and personal
contact with a local banking agent.

ING Luxembourg

The Luxembourg economy showed signs of gradual recovery in
2013, with an expected GDP growth rate of around 2.0%. Against
this background, ING Luxembourg — a top five, full universal bank
in the country — delivered a solid performance. The Bank has a local
as well as a wide international customer base, with 114,000
customers, of which 84,000 are retail, and 16 branches. It is fourth
in the mid-corporate market and third in the corporate market.

Its funds entrusted have grown by 10% since year-end 2012, driven
by Commercial Banking (+14% in net funds entrusted). There was
also an increase in retail funds entrusted in 2013 (+4%): Retail
Banking benefited from the success of its savings campaign,
focusing on all the savings solutions proposed by ING Luxembourg.

ING Luxembourg reduced by 80% the time it takes for corporate
customers to access the Bank's website and improved the online
account opening process for retail customers with “First time
right”. The bank also launched an improved version (2.0) of ING
Mobile, ING Luxembourg's mobile app for mobile devices.

As for its Top Employer ambitions, ING Luxembourg was in 2013
again included in the “Great Place to Work” ranking for
Luxembourg. The Bank was awarded “Best Multinational
Workplace in Europe” in the ranking of 100 Best Companies to
Work for in Europe. ING Private Banking was awarded “Best Private
Bank” in Luxembourg.

On 10 April 2013, Luxembourg announced its intention to switch,
from 1 January 2015, to the automatic exchange of information
under the European Savings Tax Directive, thus following a general
international trend. ING Luxembourg continually informs its
customers of any changes in regulation, in this case an obligation
by both the bank and the customer to comply with local tax
regulation. ING Luxembourg further advises its customers to
contact a tax adviser if necessary and (re-)affirm that they

comply with local tax regulations following the European Savings
Tax Directive.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 37

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 27 ---

Retail Banking continued

RETAIL GERMANY

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Retail Germany's underlying result before tax rose 35.6% to EUR
598 million in 2013, compared with EUR 441 million in 2012, due
to continued volume growth in most products and improved
margins on savings.

Underlying income increased by 16.3% to EUR 1,388 million,
compared with EUR 1,193 million in 2012. The increase reflects
higher interest results stemming from higher lending and savings
balances and increased margins on savings supported by a
reduction of the core savings rate in the beginning of 2013.
Commission income rose by EUR 27 million from 2012, reflecting
higher income from security brokerage. Investment and other
income was slightly down, as the absence of de-risking losses in
2013 was offset by increased negative hedge ineffectiveness. Funds
entrusted grew by EUR 9.2 billion in 2013. Lending growth was
EUR 2.7 billion, of which EUR 2.2 billion was in mortgages.

Operating expenses increased 6.0% compared with 2012, due to
higher personnel expenses reflecting an increase in headcount and
increased expenses for the deposit guarantee scheme, in line with
the growth of the business. The cost/income ratio improved to
51.1% from 56.1% in 2012. The additions to the provision for loan
losses slightly declined in 2013 to EUR 82 million (or 37 basis points
of average risk-weighted assets), from EUR 83 million (or 38 basis
points of average risk-weighted assets) in 2012.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS
Retail Germany consists of ING-DiBa Germany, ING-DiBa Austria
and Interhyp.

After a weak start, Germany's economy gained momentum in the
course of 2013. At year-end, its unemployment rate was at 6.8%
and gross domestic product had risen by 0.5% over the entire year,
despite the weakening of most economies in Europe. Germany's
export industry gained volume and private household consump-
tions increased as well. Due to the stable economic conditions,
housing prices are solid and actually showing growth, especially in
and around large cities. The Austrian economy is also on a positive
track, benefitting from its close ties with Germany. The economy
grew by 0.3% year-on-year in 2013 and should accelerate further in
2014.

In Germany, ING-DiBa is a fast growing bank, and the third largest
by number of customers, with a continuous focus on the customer.
Its customer satisfaction ratings remain high, which is contributing
to strong business growth. An easy-to-understand product range,
with only 10 different products, offered with the highest service,
24 hours a day, are the ingredients for meeting all main needs of a
retail banking customer.

ING-DiBa remained committed to its mission to be simple and
uncomplicated, giving it the opportunity to increase its market
position in the still very fragmented German banking market. It
continued to show consistent growth in 2013 in all products.

In September, ING-DiBa in Germany and Austria attracted its eight
millionth customer, and the total number of customers in 2013
increased by 300,000. Total customer balances in 2013 rose by
EUR 12.6 bilion and now exceed EUR 179 billion, of which total
funds entrusted amount to EUR 105.9 billion. During 2013 the one
millionth payment account was opened and Consumer Lending
surpassed EUR 4 billion in volume.

38 ING Group Annual Report 2013

In the area of knowledge sharing, ING-DiBa profited from the
experience in social media in the Netherlands and Spain by
implementing their best practices on listening to and engaging with
customers through social media.

The folding of ING's Commercial Banking activities in Germany into
ING-DiBa in 2011 has given the Bank more scope to contribute to
ING's balance sheet optimisation programme. Synergies are
achieved by Retail Banking providing funding at a competitive level,
while Commercial Banking is generating an additional sources of
high quality assets.

ING-DiBa Austria, which is reported under Retail Germany, had
521,000 customers at the end of 2013, up slightly from 515,000 at
the end of 2012. Total retail balances at year-end 2013 amounted
to EUR 7.6 billion, an increase of EUR 0.3 billion, of which total
funds entrusted were EUR 7.4 billion.

Interhyp, Germany’s biggest mortgage broker, was awarded
“Best Mortgage Financer” by renowned Euro magazine, for the
eighth year running, for best service, advice and price. Interhyp
increased its local branch and tied-agent network to almost 70
in 2013.

Customer centricity

ING-DiBa is a socially responsible bank. First of all, it treats
customers fairly by offering easy-to-understand products with no
strings attached. ING-DiBa Germany, for example, launched an
initiative, aiming at making all its letters and e-mail templates easier
to understand. This, in turn, should lead to fewer additional
inquiries and, consequently, to a better customer experience. Prior
to the launch, many workshops were held, an electronic handbook
was published and an ongoing newsfeed set up. A survey showed
ING-DiBa is well on track reaching targeted aims.

Second, it is a caring employer, providing staff with a range of
ancillary, non-work related benefits such as sports classes, cooking
classes and child care provision. Third, it gives something back to
society. ING-DiBa Austria, for example, launched the Club
Thousand (Vereinstausender ) initiative in 2013, which involves
donating EUR 1,000 to 50 Austrian non-profit clubs. More than
900 clubs and their members participated in this campaign by
applying to be one of the 50 clubs to which the donations were
granted. This raised ING-DiBa’s brand awareness significantly.

ING-DiBa Germany has the Customers Gain Customers (Kunden
werben Kunden) initiative to give current customers an incentive to
recommend ING to their friends and family. For every new
customer, the recommender can choose to donate EUR 40 to
UNICEF or receive a premium instead.

Operational excellence

ING-DiBa continued to focus on improving its product and service
efficiency to help customers manage their finances. For example, in
2013 ING-DiBa Germany launched a new internet banking site
that is easier to use with all types of device — computer,
smartphone or tablet.

ING-DiBa Austria also launched a new website, along with online
and mobile banking tools, to improve service and delivery.

Top Employer
ING-DiBa considers its staff to be a distinguishing asset and
maintaining a strong corporate culture is a key success factor.


--- Page 28 ---

Consequently, high priority is placed on being a Top Employer and
a “Great Place to Work”. As part of its corporate social
responsibility commitments, ING-DiBa runs special educational
programmes for staff aged over 50 and initiatives for hiring
disabled and socially disadvantaged people. It introduced additional
support to help staff with childcare and healthcare. For example,
young parents are given EUR 150 a month for childcare and all
employees are offered a professional, fully paid-for health check-up.

ING-DiBa Germany and Austria, as well as Interhyp, were
recognised as one of the best national employers in 2013 by the
renowned Great Place to Work Institute. ING-DiBa Germany was
also named a “Best Workplace in Europe 2013”. The results of the
ING-DiBa annual employee survey are discussed at the Bank's
leadership summit and at other levels as a way of strengthening our
corporate culture.

Awards

ING-DiBa Germany received several awards in recognition of its
high service and quality standards in 2013. It won the Deutschlands
Beliebteste Bank (Germany's Most Preferred Bank) award, from the
readers of German Euro magazine for the seventh year in a row. It
was also elected “Online broker of the Year” for the fourth time in
a row by Borse Online. Mobile brokerage accounts for only a low
percentage of trades executed by ING-DiBa, but it is increasing.
ING-DiBa Austria received the “Recommender 2013 Awards” in
May 2013 for its excellent customer focus.

RETAIL REST OF WORLD

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The underlying result before tax of Retail Rest of World rose to EUR
471 million, compared with a loss of EUR 62 million in 2012, when
results were impacted by EUR 441 million of losses related to
selective de-risking of the investment portfolio.

Underlying income increased to EUR 2,374 million from EUR 1,807
million in 2012. Excluding de-risking losses, income rose 5.6%
mainly due to improved commercial results in most countries, and a
higher dividend received from the Bank of Beijing. The interest
result increased 2.2% due to higher margins, partly offset by
currency impacts. Excluding currency effects and adjusted for
divestments and the sale of a mortgage portfolio in Australia, net
production in mortgages was EUR 1.4 billion, while the net growth
in other lending was EUR 3.2 billion in 2013. Funds entrusted
reported a net inflow of EUR 5.8 billion.

Operating expenses increased slightly by 0.3% to EUR 1,623 million
in 2013 from EUR 1,618 million in 2012, as higher expenses due to
business growth were largely offset by favourable currency
impacts. Risk costs rose to EUR 280 million, or 64 basis points of
average risk-weighted assets, compared with EUR 250 million, or
50 basis points of average risk-weighted assets, in 2012. The
increase in risk costs was mainly in India and Turkey reflecting the
economic turmoil, partly offset by lower additions in Romania and
the UK legacy portfolio.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Retail Rest of World comprises ING Australia, ING France, ING Italy,
ING Romania, ING Bank Slaski (Poland), ING Spain, ING Turkey and
ING Vysya Bank (India), as well as TMB Bank (Thailand) and Bank of
Beijing (China) in which ING has equity positions. ING Direct UK
was sold in March 2013 but Retail Rest of World still includes a UK
legacy portfolio which is in run-off.

The economic picture in the “rest of the world” is mixed. Activity in
most of the remaining big eurozone countries, is now firming.
Spain is showing promising signs of leaving the crisis behind, thanks
to a strong export performance, and Italy is also slowly turning up.
The recovery in France is also expected to moderately gain pace
during 2014. In emerging markets, the picture is also mixed. The
Chinese authorities are focusing on stability, and are prepared to
tolerate a slightly slower pace of activity as this goal is achieved.
Australia has been buffeted by volatile markets, but has been
helped by central bank easing, and should deliver robust growth in
2014/15. Meanwhile, political developments in Turkey and Thailand
have coloured a deteriorating investor sentiment towards emerging
markets, with rate increases in Turkey likely to weigh on growth. In
contrast India’s central bank response to market unrest has been far
better received and is likely to generate less of a drag on growth.
Both Poland and Romania are on track for reasonable growth in
2014, though market sentiment to Central and Eastern Europe has
been tempered by political unrest elsewhere in the region.

In India, Poland, Romania and Turkey, we offer products and
services to all customer segments, whereas in Australia, Italy, France
and Spain we focus on retail customers. However, in 2013, ING
launched a pilot to serve small businesses in Spain.

All businesses continued to converge to the same model: easy and
fair, with a focus on “digital first”. Progress was made in building
the preferred bank and establishing a primary relationship with our
customers, in which our payment account serves as the “anchor”
product. In 2013, 1.2 million payment accounts were added,
resulting in a total of more than 12 million payment accounts. ING
Spain reached the milestone of one million payment accounts. In
ING Italy, almost half of customers out of one million customers,
have a payment account. In 2013, ING Australia passed the 1.5
million customer milestone. Rest of World welcomed close to
900,000 new customers, bringing the total at year-end to 14.3
million, excluding Bank of Beijing and TMB Bank.

ING in Spain, Turkey and France were one of the first banks in the
world to launch “responsive” websites, which provide customers
with a consistent experience regardless of the device used.

Driven by the Retail Standards Board, progress was made in
exchanging best practices and knowledge-sharing. For example,
seven business units now use the same tool for listening to social
media conversations. The webcare teams in all business units have
been organised along the same lines, using the Netherlands’
model. As for mobile banking, ING France's app was considered a
best practice and copied by numerous units, thereby saving time
and development costs. In most countries, the ING app is highly
rated by its users.

Further progress was made with the One Bank strategy in Spain,
Italy and France. According to plan, this brings together the retail
and commercial banking lines of business within a country. As a
result, these units now operate as One Bank, with the legal
formalisation still to be finalised, except for ING France, which
successfully merged ING Direct, ING Commercial Banking and ING
Real Estate Finance in 2013.

Customer centricity

We continued to put our customers first by having simple products
and services that best meet their needs at fair pricing and focusing
on digital channels.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 39

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 29 ---

Retail Banking continued

There were a number of mobile banking and digitalisation
developments in 2013. ING Romania launched an app for making
contactless payments by smartphone, called ING Pay; ING
Australia’s new mobile app won the 2013 “Mobile Award"; ING
Vysya Bank released an app that increases its reach into remote
cities and rural areas; and ING Italy’s mobile app is now used by
50% of its customers within a year after launch.

In line with our strategy to serve customers through their channel
of choice, ING in Spain, Italy and France now have 28, 13 and 2
branches, respectively. At TMB Bank in Thailand, a simplified
process allows customers to complete transactions quickly; account
opening in a branch, for example, takes only 15 minutes.

ING Turkey launched a ground-breaking social media campaign for
consumer loans called #BirlweetimeBakar, which offers customers
tangible benefits: the more they tweet, the lower the loan interest
rate. Using best practices from around the ING world, Turkey also
introduced an innovative, award-winning branch concept which
includes self-service facilities and greater improves customer
interaction. By the year-end it had been introduced to 40 branches,
and our aim is to convert all branches within the next three years.

In India, as part of our corporate social responsibility, ING offers
farmers a range of products, including the Kisan Credit Card, to
cover their credit requirements at the pre- and post-harvest stages.
We also offer customised products for various agricultural activities.

ING Bank Slaski published its first corporate social responsibility
(CSR) report — ING The Art of Responsibility — a follow-up to the
CSR strategy it adopted in May 2012. It describes how the bank
achieves its business objectives by building sustainable, transparent
and ethical relationships with customers, employees, business
partners, investors and vendors.

ING Italy launched BitBumBam, a contest aimed at supporting
projects and ideas that help new generations learn and develop
through the innovative use of technology. ING France launched a
programme to manage money during the “back to school” period
and ING Turkey started “Orange Drops”, a programme for eight to
nine-year-olds to educate them about the importance of saving.
This helps to build the case for including financial education in the
nation’s school curriculum.

ING Vysya Bank worked on providing banking services to the
“unbanked” residents of villages with less than 2,000 inhabitants,
most of whom are illiterate, as part of its financial inclusion
initiatives.

ING Australia launched Dreamstarter, Australia’s first crowdfunding
initiative, specifically focused on bringing the ideas of social
entrepreneurs to life. This online initiative uses the power of social

media and community collaboration to raise the profile of people
with innovative ideas for social change.

Operational excellence

All business units around the world focus on operational excellence
to provide a superior customer experience at optimised costs.

In Poland, ING Bank Slaski was the first bank in the country to
offer contactless ATM withdrawals. It also launched a commerce

40 ING Group Annual Report 2013

and auction platform called ALEO for Polish entrepreneurs; by the
year-end more than 10,000 companies had registered for it.

ING Romania introduced Fast Track Light Automation, a frequently
used credit facility for new mid-corporate customers which
processes transactions within 48 hours. ING Vysya Bank improved
its infrastructure facilities and created a uniform “look and feel”
fo its 527 branches.

Security and anti-cybercrime efforts remained an important priority
in all business units. In 2013, ING's Cybercrime Taskforce was
launched, creating a common framework and implementing best
practices for combatting cybercrime and e-banking fraud.

Top Employer

Many Top Employer initiatives were continued around the world.
ING Australia ran workshops to identify which tools and processes
should be improved. ING Romania helped staff develop their
careers by, for example, creating a mentoring framework. ING
Turkey implemented a performance management system to
monitor training for, and communication with, all employees. The
CRF Institute awarded Top Employer certificates to ING Spain, ING
France, ING Bank Slaski and ING Italy. ING Spain also received a
European Great Place to Work Award. “Great Place to Work” is the
world’s largest employee satisfaction study, surveying about 5,500
companies. In 2013, 1.35 million employees were surveyed across
19 countries in Europe.

Awards

We won a number of awards during the year, most notably in the
field of customer centricity and digital leadership. For instance, ING
Australia was chosen Australia's most beloved bank by customers
at the Mozo People’s Choice Awards and ranked in the top 10 of
national brands as the only bank. ING Spain won a “Digital
Executive Award” for internet distribution, while ING Turkey led
with direct banking innovation and an award-winning new branch
concept — to name a few.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

All business units will continue to focus on the customers’ needs
with easy and fair products, with a focus on “digital first’. They will
also continue to provide fast and innovative responses, when and
where required, with digital innovation remaining a top priority.
This is all part of ING's overall aim to help customers manage their
finances, now and for the future. Our aim is also to make a positive
contribution to society and the environment. We therefore respond
to society's increasing demand for products and services that meet
clear social, environmental and ehtical objectives. We will continue
to do so in 2014.

In 2014, continued attention will be spent on the local Top
Employer programme, as we need committed and motivated
employees to help realise our ambition to become the customer's
preferred bank.


--- Page 30 ---

Commercial Banking

Client service at the heart of Commercial Banking

> We are a stronger commercial bank in 2013

> We focus on delivering a superior
client experience

> We make investments to become an even
better network bank

> And we focus on the One Bank structure
and balance sheet optimisation

Financial overview*

in EUR million 2013 2012
Total underlying income 4,994 4,963
Underlying operating expenses 2,310 2,372
Underlying additions to loan loss provisions 867 955

Underlying result before tax 1,817 1,635
Underlying cost/income ratio 46.3% 47.8%
Client balances: net production funds entrusted

(EUR billion) 8 5
Client balances: net production lending (EUR

billion) 0 -11
Underlying risk costs in bp of average RWA 68 72
Risk-weighted assets (year-end, in EUR billion) 127 124
Underlying return on equity based on 10% core

Tier 1** 11.0% 9.0%

* Underlying numbers are derived from IFRS-EU, excluding the impact of
divestments and special items

** Underlying after tax return divided by average equity based on 10%
core Tier 1 ratio

Underlying income

in EUR million 2013 2012

- Industry Lending 2,004 1,953
- General Lending and Transaction Services 1,358 1,459
- Financial Markets 1,439 871
- Bank Treasury, Real Estate & Other 193 680
Total Commercial Banking 4,994 4,963

Underlying result before tax

in EUR million 2013 2012
- Industry Lending 934 848
- General Lending and Transaction Services 518 632
- Financial Markets 618 20
- Bank Treasury, Real Estate & Other -253 135
Total Commercial Banking 1,817 1,635

Despite the weak global economy, Commercial Banking posted

a solid financial result while further developing its sustainable
business model. We continued building our franchises by
strengthening our capabilities to deliver a superior client service.
Throughout our businesses, we have maintained strong client
relationships. We have made significant progress in refocusing and
streamlining our activities, maintaining tight cost discipline and
advancing initiatives to further optimise our balance sheet. During
2013 we continued towards our objective of transforming ourselves
into a simpler, stronger and more sustainable bank.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

Commercial Banking’s underlying result before tax rose 11.1% to
EUR 1,817 million from EUR 1,635 million in 2012. Credit and debt
valuation adjustments (“CVA/DVA”), fully recorded in Financial
Markets, were EUR 173 million positive in 2013 versus EUR 457
million of negative adjustments in 2012. Excluding CVA/DVA,
underlying result of Commercial Banking was 21.4% lower than

in 2012, mainly caused by lower income in Bank Treasury, Real
Estate & Other, partly offset by good cost control and lower

risk costs.

Industry Lending posted an underlying result before tax of

EUR 934 million in 2013, up from EUR 848 million in 2012, primarily
due to higher income in Structured Finance and Corporate
Investments combined with lower risk costs, which more than
offset lower results on Real Estate Finance due to a downsizing of
the portfolio in line with ING Bank’s strategy. The underlying result
before tax of General Lending & Transaction Services decreased to
EUR 518 million from EUR 632 million in 2012. The decline was
mainly attributable to lower interest results reflecting lower
volumes in General Lending and margin pressure in Payments &
Cash Management, while expenses were up due to investments in
IT to enhance product capabilities. This was partly offset by lower
risk costs. Financial Markets’ underlying result increased to

EUR 618 million from EUR 20 million last year, reflecting the
aforementioned positive swing in CVA/DVA impacts. Underlying
result of Bank Treasury, Real Estate & Other dropped to EUR -253
million in 2013, from EUR 135 million in 2012, mainly due to lower
income from Bank Treasury activities following the lengthening of
the Bank’s funding profile and the further wind-down of the Lease
run-off business. This was partly offset by lower impairments on
real estate development projects.

Commercial Banking’s total underlying income rose 0.6% to

EUR 4,994 million compared with EUR 4,963 million in 2012.
Excluding CVA/DVA, income declined 11.1% on 2012, due to lower
interest results, especially in Bank Treasury and Financial Markets,
but also in General Lending. Adjusted for currency impacts and the
sale of a US Real Estate Finance portfolio, net lending declined
slightly by EUR 0.2 billion in 2013, as lower volumes in Real Estate
Finance, General Lending and the Lease run-off portfolio was offset
by growth in Structured Finance and Trade Finance Services. Net
funds entrusted grew by EUR 8.5 billion. Underlying operating
expenses decreased 2.6% to EUR 2,310 million, due to good cost
control and lower impairments on real estate development projects.
The underlying cost/income ratio improved to 46.3%, from 47.8%
in 2012.

Risk costs decreased to EUR 867 million, or 68 basis points of
average risk-weighted assets, from EUR 955 million, or 72 basis
points, in 2012. The decrease was mainly visible in Industry Lending,

ING Group Annual Report 2013 41

aie amo |

ral
2
3
8
cI
3
3

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

squnoooe jenuue Auedwo> yuaieg ¢

uonewsojul 1240 9

uonewsojul jeuonIPpY Z


--- Page 31 ---

Commercial Banking continued

although risk costs in Real Estate Finance slightly increased.
In General Lending risk costs were also lower.

The underlying return on equity, based on a 10% core Tier 1 ratio,
increased to 11.0% from 9.0% in 2012 due to higher results and
lower average risk-weighted assets. At year-end 2013, however,
risk-weighted assets were 2.8% higher than a year ago, mainly due
to lower foreclosure values of real estate assets partly offset by
lower volumes and currency impacts.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Commercial Banking is a strong European bank with a market
leading franchise in the Benelux and a good position in the rest of
Europe, in particular in Central and Eastern Europe. We have a
global franchise and market leading positions in selected areas in
Industry Lending and in liquidity management, as well as focused
and efficient global Trade Finance Services and Financial Markets
businesses.

We are a relationship bank for clients around the world and serve a
range of organisations, including multinational corporations,
governments, financial institutions and supranational organisations,
through an extensive network of offices in more than 40 countries.
We provide a range of products and services to support our clients’
needs. Our lending capabilities anchor most of our client
relationships. Transaction Services products, such as International
Payments & Cash Management, Trade Banking and Working
Capital Solutions are tailored, through integrated solutions and
advice, to meet our clients’ short- and long-term banking and
liquidity requirements. Financial Markets, as the Bank's gateway to
the professional markets of the world, services our client’s every
day needs in treasury services through to capital markets, risk
management and structured financial products.

Over many years, ING has built a high quality Industry Lending
business, operating within sectors in which we add value. We
provide specialised commercial lending, originating well-structured
loans that strike the right balance between what clients want and
achieving good risk adjusted returns. We are leaders in many
different industries and are acknowledged for our commitment to
clients and excellent quality of service.

We are simplifying our internal organisation, harmonising and
streamlining the way in which we service clients across products
and countries. We continue to invest in our operating platforms,
upgrading our technology and strengthening our processing
capabilities. This new operating model will lead to faster and better
service, fewer points of contact, better tailored solutions and an
enhanced experience for clients. It will improve our overall
connectivity, by harmonising processes and practices throughout
our business, enabling seamless service delivery and better
collaboration with colleagues around the world. This integrated
approach to services, better management information and a more
efficient way of working, will create an enhanced “One Bank”
client experience across our network.

Our continued balance sheet optimisation efforts in 2013 provided
additional capacity for us to support clients. We progressed with
building integrated domestic banks by combining Retail Banking’s
deposit gathering capabilities with Commercial Banking’s
origination capabilities, resulting in a further strengthening of our
business model.

42 ING Group Annual Report 2013

It is our ambition to be the best bank for our clients and to provide
the highest quality of service; to be a bank that delivers the
products and services in the way clients want to receive them;
with greater standardisation, uniformity in products and pricing
across borders.

GENERAL LENDING AND TRANSACTION SERVICES

GENERAL LENDING

Within our General Lending business, the challenge is to maintain
margins and volumes within our established risk appetite while
competition intensifies, in particular in markets where large
domestic banks protect their core franchises. General Lending has
maintained its position as market leader in the Benelux and Central
and Eastern Europe (CEE) as bookrunner in the syndicated loan
market, and continued to support our corporate clients through our
international network. We constantly strive to improve our
corporate lending products to ensure these remain in alignment
with changes in client needs, market developments and regulation.
To deal with these changes in an effective way, further
standardisation of our product offering and streamlining of lending
processes and documentation across countries is in progress.

TRANSACTION SERVICES

We offer Transaction Services through integrated advice and
solution selling. These activities require a strong emphasis on
technology and operational processing. To remain competitive and
to enhance our capabilities, we are continuing with our investment
programme. Most notably, Payments & Cash Management is
undertaking a multi-year programme to improve cost efficiency,
improve client service across borders, implement market-
competitive new technology and comply with new regulatory
obligations. The Single Euro Payments Area (“SEPA”)
implementation was a high priority area in 2013. SEPA will also
remain high on the agenda in 2014 given the announcement by
the European Commission, early January 2014, to extend the

1 February 2014 deadline with an additional six-month transition
period to 1 August 2014.

Included within Transaction Services is Bank Mendes Gans (BMG)
and Trade Finance Services (TFS). BMG is a market-leading provider
of specialist liquidity management solutions, including global
cash-pooling and netting, to multi-national corporations.

TFS finances, settles and mitigates risks of international trade for
clients in all markets globally, but primarily in Asia, Central and
Eastern Europe, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East.

For corporate clients, our Working Capital Solutions team has
established ING as a recognised provider of receivables and
payables solutions. It was awarded several prestigious client
mandates in 2013, and in 2014 it will concentrate on further
strengthening its market position and execution capabilities.

INDUSTRY LENDING

We have Industry Lending teams specialising in different sectors
and competing in selective markets across the world. These are
grouped between Structured Finance (“SF”) and Real Estate Finance
(“REF”) businesses.

STRUCTURED FINANCE

The Structured Finance division aims for a consistent top-10
position globally in the markets in which it competes. We have
three structured commercial lending services groups.


--- Page 32 ---

The Energy, Transport and Infrastructure Group (ETIG) specialises
in capital-intensive industry sectors such as oil and gas, mining,
offshore services, shipping, utilities and power, and infrastructure.
ETIG performed well in 2013. The structured metals and energy
finance business has continued to develop business in CEE and in
Latin America. The utilities and power team continued to do
business in North America and worked on renewable projects in
Europe. Container finance remained a market with reasonable
opportunities, although in shipping markets supply continues

to exceed demand. Our approach to the shipping market has
been cautious for many years and the loan book is performing
within expectations.

The Specialised Financing Group comprises a number of global
teams largely engaged in arranging, underwriting and lending
against business cash flows in sectors such as telecommunications,
media and technology. In 2013 our clients have been able to take
advantage of excess supply of credit in the market, which has made
it challenging to retain asset levels.

International Trade and Export Finance supports international trade
in basic commodities such as oil, oil products, metals, grain, sugar
and cotton. We also finance the export of capital goods and offer
services to clients with long-term financing supported by export
credit agencies. ING maintained its consistent support and high
service levels in the commodity finance business, and continued

to grow the Structured Export Finance hub in Germany. ING has
become the leading bank in the syndicated loan market for
companies in the commodities business.

Sustainable business practices

A Sustainable Lending team was established within Industry
Lending at the end of 2012 to help ING become the preferred bank
for fulfilling clients’ sustainability agendas, explore new business
opportunities in sustainable areas and build expertise in niche
markets. It supports the re-balancing of our lending portfolio
towards companies that follow sustainable business practices.

In 2013, the Sustainable Lending team worked with various experts
and clients to facilitate a better understanding of the potential
business opportunities in sustainable markets and build the
necessary capacity to partner with clients in financing their
sustainability needs.

REAL ESTATE FINANCE

Real Estate Finance's (“REF”) primary activity is lending to investors
in income-producing real estate backed by first mortgages. During
2013, REF sought to maintain the quality of its credit portfolio,
while reducing its total exposure to this asset class, which was
reduced significantly over the year. The volume of loan assets
decreased to EUR 24 billion in 2013 reaching the target previously
set for 2015. REF's loan portfolio was the subject of two asset
quality reviews by the DNB, the Dutch central bank, which validated
our own assessment of its credit quality.

FINANCIAL MARKETS

FM is a well-diversified business exposed to developed markets and
fast-growing economies and focused on rates and currencies more
than credit. In this business unit we offer a broad range of global
solutions to assist our clients in the management of their exposures
to foreign exchange, interest rate, equity, commodity or credit
movements. FM also acts as ING’s interface to these markets.

Credit exposure of derivatives are revalued for counterparties and
for notes issued by ING and these elements, referred to as
CVA/DVA, are included in the trading results of FM. As the results
of these movements are not actively managed, these CVA/DVA
results are not considered in the core results of the underlying
trading and sales business. In 2013 these non-core results were
positive, against negative non-core results in 2012.

During 2013, FM enhanced its offering through the introduction of
new specialised services, the introduction of a sales trading
function, renewed focus on technological automation for client
execution and the introduction of a global sales Client Relationship
Management system.

In addition to market structure changes, new capital rules continue
to increase the capital required to support trading businesses, and
dilute return on capital. As a consequence, FM will continually
analyse and re-assess its business profile to ensure that we continue
to maintain and outperform ING's return targets.

BANK TREASURY, REAL ESTATE & OTHER

BANK TREASURY

To adapt to new regulations and to execute ING's balance sheet
optimisation strategy, ING has been coordinating treasury activities
across all business lines within the Bank. This has been made
possible through significant asset transfers across countries to
guarantee an optimal use of our internal funding.

Bank Treasury (BT) has helped improve ING's liquidity position and
supported the development of a strong Funds Entrusted base
which will support future asset origination within Commercial
Banking. Through its investment portfolio management arm, BT is
continuously transforming the bank investment portfolio into a
liquid asset buffer, applying selective de-risking while maintaining
the net interest margin of the portfolio.

Finally, BT continues to closely monitor developments concerning
the future European banking union and other regulatory changes
that will affect the Bank’s liquidity profile. Balance sheet
optimisation will remain a priority for ING in the coming years.

REAL ESTATE & OTHER

Commercial Banking has a separate unit involved in the run-off and
closure of non-core activities. The Real Estate & Other (“RE&O”)
division consists of the residual assets of the legacy businesses sold
or discontinued within the former Real Estate Development and
Real Estate Investment Management businesses. It also includes
General Lease operations outside ING's home markets which have
been placed in run-off. A dedicated organisation was established to
oversee the discontinuation of operations ensuring the necessary
control and management oversight.

RE&O continued to reduce its exposure substantially despite the
ongoing challenging market. RE&O also succeeded in accelerating
the wind down of several lease operations by the sale of lease
portfolios. Although impairments and risk costs are still at
considerable levels, the portfolio is adequately provisioned and
being wound down in a controlled manner.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 43

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 33 ---

Commercial Banking continued

CUSTOMER CENTRICITY, OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE,
TOP EMPLOYER

CUSTOMER CENTRICITY

Client service remains at the heart of Commercial Banking and
market leadership positions were maintained within our core
franchise areas.

Since 2010, hundreds of clients have participated annually in the
Net Promoter Score (NPS) programme of Commercial Banking. The
detailed client feedback received through this programme is used
to monitor and improve clients’ experiences, optimising our services
and internal processes. The NPS programme has been implemented
in selected countries and will be further rolled out in Europe and
the US in 2014.

In the Netherlands, customer surveys carried out by Greenwich
Associates confirmed Commercial Banking’s number one position
for the fourth consecutive year. The Greenwich results show that
ING has a primary position in term of lead relationships, followed at
some distance by other large banks in the Netherlands.

ING was also recognised by Euromoney and Global Finance as
“Best Bank in the Netherlands”. The Banker awarded ING Bank the
“Bank of the Year in the Netherlands” accolade for the third year
in a row, “Bank of the Year in Belgium” and “Bank of the Year in
Western Europe”. These awards are a true recognition of our
commitment to support our clients during this challenging financial
period.

Structured Finance maintained its strong positions in its markets
and was successful in seven categories of the annual Project
Finance International awards, including the “Corporate Deal of
the Year (Europe), the “PPP Deal of the Year (Europe)” and “Rail
Deal of the Year (Europe)”. Trade and Commodity Finance
maintained a top three position in its markets and won awards
from Trade Finance for example “Best Structured Commodity
Finance Bank (Global)”.

In addition ING is number-one bookrunner for Offshore Services
syndicated loans in 2013 according to Dealogic’s Global
Bookrunner league tables.

We also retained our number one position in key areas such as
Mandated Lead Arranger (MLA) for syndicated loans in the
Netherlands by number of deals and number one MLA and
bookrunner in the Benelux by number of deals. For the fourth
consecutive year ING Commercial Banking received recognition as
the “Best Equity Broker in the Benelux” in the Extel Survey.

Similarly in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE), ING maintained its
strong market position, supporting its key client base. Many
important transactions were closed and again Commercial Banking
was ranked number one in CEE league tables as MLA and
bookrunner by number of deals. For the second consecutive year,
readers of Treasury Management International magazine (TMI)
named ING Commercial Banking as “Best Cash Management Bank
in Eastern Europe”.

While market conditions have been challenging, ING executed
major benchmark transactions for our clients, strengthening our
relationships through our consistent support and by excelling in
high value-added advice and creative financing solutions.

44 ING Group Annual Report 2013

Clients appreciated ING's hands-on, creative approach, ability to
co-ordinate a complex blend of products in a time-critical manner,
structuring expertise and our seamlessly delivered support.

¢ ING Corporate Finance, for example, acted as joint financial
adviser to Heathrow (AH) Ltd, in the sale of Stansted airport to
Manchester Airports Group for GBP 1.5 billion. The largest
shareholder of Heathrow (AH) Ltd is the Spanish conglomerate
Ferrovial with which ING has enjoyed a longstanding
relationship.

¢ ING won several mandates for the refinancing of Clondalkin’s
core debt financing of approximately EUR 585 million, primarily
in fixed and floating rate notes. The transactions, which included
a receivables securitisation programme alongside a USD Term
Loan, have transformed the structure of the Clondalkin Group,
an international producer of high value-added packaging
products and services, and resulted in a positive outlook from
rating agencies.

¢ ING played a leading role in the GBP 3.6 billion whole business
securitisation for Arqiva, a top communications infrastructure
and media services company in the UK. Included was an
innovative financing structure and security package, in which a
wide range of ING products was involved (Structured Finance,
Financial Markets and Debt Capital Markets), enabling Arqiva to
secure a BBB rating on senior bonds from Standard & Poor's and
Fitch. This transaction has received a Project Finance
International Award in the category Europe, Corporate Deal of
the Year.

¢ ING also acted as Mandated Lead Arranger in the landmark EUR
1 billion project finance facility for the 288 megawatt Butendiek
offshore wind park, contributing to the Commercial Banking
portfolio of renewable power project financings. The Butendiek
project will make an important contribution to Germany's
transition towards renewable energy.

The increase in the volume of sustainable business across our
Commercial Banking activities echoes the global trend for an
increase in sustainable investments, lending and finance. We strive
to meet the growing demand from clients for products with clear
social and environmental objectives. From our financing and
lending activities to payroll and cash management, we witness
first-hand how trends can impact our business and that of our
clients. “Financing Sustainability” was the theme of ING
Commercial Banking’s marketing campaign, highlighting
environmentally friendly transactions in 2013, such as the above-
mentioned Butendiek transaction, that helped finance the
transformation towards a more sustainable economy.

OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE

Commercial Banking is now in the execution phase of a strategic
investment programme to improve the client experience, enhance
product delivery and achieve business efficiency by creating a
robust, cost-effective operating model that will support the
business and streamline technology across all product lines and
countries over the coming years. The initiative includes greater
investment in mobile solutions and global IT applications and a
move to more hub-based booking and processing of Commercial
Banking business.

This will improve the overall flexibility of our Commercial Banking
business model, while supporting further balance sheet
optimisation. The establishment of two new Global Services &


--- Page 34 ---

Operations ("GSO") hubs was completed in 2013. The GSOs will
support multiple locations across Commercial Banking, delivering
standardised, shared booking and processing in a high quality,
cost-effective manner. This will result in greater agility, consistency
of services for clients and management of risk. Overall, Commercial
Banking aims to deliver superior client experience.

TOP EMPLOYER

Banking is all about people: our people’s engagement, sustainable
performance and strong development are key drivers for successful
client servicing. With continued pressure on our cost base in 2013,
we had to make difficult decisions in several areas. At the same
time, we had to keep employees engaged and motivated.
Commercial Banking therefore made it a priority to continue to
build a learning organisation in 2013. We enhanced our offerings
both in technical training for all staff as well as in specific
leadership programmes.

One example was the development of international learning
curriculums, offered through global learning portals. We combined
this with the launch of our “Heart of Orange Leadership”
programme, in which leaders take time to reflect on what drives
them, learn to mobilise competent teams and share experiences.
These initiatives are contributing to a strong and agile workforce.
We remain a people business.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

Despite the weak global economy, Commercial Banking posted a
solid financial result, deepened its client relationships and
strengthened its capabilities.

We are transforming into a simpler, stronger and more sustainable
bank. We continued to refocus and streamline our activities,
maintained cost discipline and pursued our initiatives on balance
sheet optimisation.

Our ambition is not only to become a stronger bank, but also a
better bank for our clients, who increasingly choose banking
relationships based on the quality of solutions offered, combined
with effective service delivery. To become that better bank we have
reconfirmed our target customer base and the products we offer,
and are adapting the way we serve and deliver products to them.
We have launched a number of initiatives to optimise our business
model across products and countries, streamlining our operational
infrastructure and renewing our IT platform.

In summary, we are profitable, we are developing our already
impressive capabilities in Europe and elsewhere and, most
important of all, we are delivering what clients want.

ING Group Annual Report 2013

45

aie amo |

ral
2
3
S
Ey
a
é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uorewsojU! 42430 9

uonewsojul jeuonippy £


--- Page 35 ---

Insurance overview

MANAGEMENT BOARD NN GROUP N.V.
on 1 March 2014

MANAGEMENT BOARD ING VERZEKERINGEN N.V.
on 31 December 2013

R.A.J.G. (Ralph) Hamers
chief executive officer
E. (Lard) Friese
vice-chairman

D. (Delfin) Rueda

chief financial officer

Financial overview*/***

S.D. (Doug) Caldwell

chief risk officer

P.G. (Patrick) Flynn

W.F. (Wilfred) Nagel

D.E. (Dorothee) van Vredenburch

in EUR million 2013 2012
Operating result ongoing business** 886 833
Non-operating items ongoing business: -229 -779
of which gains/losses and impairments 97 70
of which revaluations 3 319
of which market and other impacts -329 -531
Japan Closed Block VA -669 105
Special items before tax -126 -451
Result on divestments and discontinued
operations 221 770
Result before tax 83 478
Taxation/minority interest 35 10
Net result 48 468
New sales life insurance (APE) 1,227 1,353
Total administrative expenses ongoing business 1,807 1,806
Cost/income ratio ongoing business (adm. exp./
operating income) 37.2% 36.1%
Investment Management AuM (end of period,
in EUR billion) 174 185
Combined ratio (Netherlands Non-life,
year-to-date) 101.5% 101.5%
NN Group IGD Solvency ratio 257% 236%

* Underlying numbers are derived from IFRS-EU, excluding the impact
of divestments, discontinued operations and special items

** Operating result is underlying result before tax excluding non-operating
items.

*** Excluding the results of the discontinued operations of ING U.S. and the
results of Insurance Other.

Operating result ongoing business

in EUR million 2013 2012
Netherlands Life 686 604
Netherlands Non-life 79 103
Insurance Europe 199 219
Japan Life 162 196
Investment Management 130 109
Other -371 ~398
Total 886 833
Underlying result before tax

in EUR million 2013 2012
Operating result ongoing business* 886 833
Non-operating items ongoing business -229 779
Japan Closed Block VA -669 105
Underlying result before tax NN Group 12 159

* — Excluding the results of the discontinued operations of ING U.S. and the
results of Insurance Other.

46

2013

NG Group Annual Repo

ING made significant progress restructuring its insurance and
investment management businesses in 2013. In Europe, NN Group
progressed towards becoming a standalone business, significantly
transforming its operations. ING U.S. was listed on the New York
Stock Exchange and the divestment of the Asian insurance and
investment management businesses was largely completed. In all
its businesses, ING continued to work towards improving the
customer experience.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The operating result ongoing business of NN Group was EUR 886
million in 2013, a 6.4% increase compared with EUR 833 million in
2012, mainly driven by higher operating results for Netherlands
Life, Investment Management and the Other segment. This
improvement was partially offset by lower operating results for
Insurance Europe, Japan Life and Netherlands Non-life.

The loss from non-operating items related to ongoing business
improved to EUR 229 million in 2013 from EUR 779 million in 2012.
Revaluations, which amounted to a loss of EUR 319 million in 2012
due to the impact of negative revaluations of equity hedges and
real estate investments of Netherlands Life, improved to a gain of
EUR 3 million in 2013. The provision for guarantees on separate
account pension contracts (net of hedging) in the Netherlands had
a EUR 202 million lower adverse impact as reflected in market and
other impacts.

The result before tax of Japan Closed Block VA was a loss of EUR
669 million in 2013, compared with a profit of EUR 105 million in
2012. This decrease was primarily due to a EUR 575 million charge
in order to bring the reserve adequacy of the business line to the
50% confidence level as of 1 October 2013, due to a change in the
segmentation of operations that was introduced in the fourth
quarter of 2013.

Special items before tax improved to a loss of EUR 126 million in
2013 from a loss of EUR 451 million in 2012, as a result of the
provisions set up for the restructuring programme in the
Netherlands in 2012 and reduced costs for the operational
separation from ING in 2013.

Results on divestments and discontinued operations was EUR 221
million in 2013, compared with EUR 770 million in 2012. The result
in 2013 mainly reflected NN Group's share in net result from
discontinued operations. Furthermore, the gain on the sales of the
insurance operations in Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand were
offset by the loss on the sale of ING Life Korea. The result in 2012
reflected the gain on the sale of Insurance Malaysia and NN
Group's share in the net result from discontinued operations, partly
offset by goodwill write-offs on the insurance and investment
management operations in Korea.

The result before tax decreased to EUR 83 million in 2013,
compared to EUR 478 million in 2012. This decrease was the result
of lower results on divestments and a decrease in the result for
Japan Closed Block VA as a result of the one off charge of EUR 575
million, partly offset by a lower loss of non-operating items and
lower adverse impact from special items.


--- Page 36 ---

NN Group's presence at 31 Dec 2013

#1 Life insurer

in the Netherlands.

Suis

sks

Top-four market positions in
many European countries

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

In 2013, ING made strong progress in restructuring its insurance
and investment management activities. In Europe, preparations

for a base case IPO (initial public offering) advanced well and,
depending on market conditions, a transaction is planned for 2014,
with NN Group N.V. as the IPO entity.

Accelerating the transformation of the European insurance and
investment management operations was a major priority during
the year. This resulted in increased efficiency and effectiveness, a
sharper strategic focus, improved processes and systems and in
the Netherlands, reduced management layers of support staff.

In 2013 the business continued to execute its customer-focused
strategy. In many countries it won awards for this approach. In
Romania, for example, ING won awards from PRIMM-Asigurari si
Pensii magazine for “Quality of Services in Life Insurance” as well
as an award for “Excellence in Administration” of the ING Optim
pension fund. Netherlands Non-life launched a website to help
intermediaries provide better customer service. In Greece, a new
health product was launched with easy-to-understand language,
illustrations and an easy-to-use manual. Japan Life received a
three-star rating (out of a maximum of three) from HDI Japan
(“Help Desk Institute”) for its after-sales call centre.

More than 71% of Investment Management's funds have
outperformed their respective benchmarks on a three year
weighted-average basis.

AGREEMENT WITH EUROPEAN COMMISSION

In November, ING and the Dutch State reached an agreement with
the European Commission (EC) on a revised timeline for the
divestment of the European and Japanese businesses. Under this
revised agreement, it was announced that Japan Life would be
included in the base case IPO.

As such, the timeline to divest more than 50% of Japan Life has
effectively been extended by two years to year-end 2015. This is
the agreed timeline to divest more than 50% of ING’s European
insurance and investment management businesses.

Also as part of the revised EC agreement, ING will accelerate the
time to complete the 100% divestment of its insurance and
investment management activities in Europe and Japan by two
years, to year-end 2016.

NN GROUP

NN Group is a leading insurance and investment management
company with a predominantly European presence in 18 countries.
Its purpose is to help customers secure their financial futures:
helping them manage and protect their assets and income through
pensions, investments, insurance, savings and mortgages.

Its strategy is to deliver an excellent customer experience by
offering appealing and transparent products and services, multi-
access distribution, efficient and effective operations, and to
maintain a solid balance sheet that keeps customers’ money safe
and delivers shareholder value.

In October, future plans were announced to rebrand the insurance
and investment management activities in Europe and Japan as NN.
This new identity links the company’s heritage and Dutch roots
with the requirements of an international forward-looking brand.

Local business descriptors will be added to the NN brand in
different countries. Investment Management will rebrand as
NN Investment Partners. The operational rebranding process is
scheduled to begin after NN Group has been successfully
brought to the market.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 47

ae amoum L

o
8
3
8
A
o
é
2
5
3
4
3
8

sjuno29e |enuue pajepijosuo>

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

oneUojul 840 9

uonewsojul feuoRIppy £


--- Page 37 ---

Insurance overview continued

As part of the preparations to become a standalone company
through a base case IPO, changes were made to the reporting
segmentation in the fourth quarter of 2013, as follows:

¢ Netherlands Life

¢ Netherlands Non-life

e Insurance Europe

e Japan Life

© Investment Management
¢ Other

e Japan Closed Block VA

AMERICAN DIVESTMENT

In May, ING U.S. listed on the New York Stock Exchange and began
operating as a publicly traded company. The listing initially reduced
ING Group's stake in ING U.S. to 71%.

In September, the remaining stake in ING U.S. was transferred from
NN Group to ING Group. Later in the year, ING Group successfully
sold a second tranche of shares, reducing its stake further to 57%.

The 2012 Amended Restructuring Plan requires ING Group to
divest at least 25% of ING U.S. by 31 December 2013; more than
50% by 31 December 2014; and 100% by 31 December 2016.

ASIAN DIVESTMENT

Good progress was made in 2013 in divesting the Asian Insurance
and Investment Management businesses. By year-end, most of
these businesses, including ING’s life insurance companies in South
Korea, Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand, its 26% interest in ING
Vysya Life Insurance Company Ltd and its 49% stake in South
Korean insurer KB Life had been divested. An agreement had also
been announced to sell a 50% stake in the Chinese insurance joint
venture ING-BOB Life Insurance Company. It also completed the
sale of its 33% stake in China Merchants Fund, which was
announced in 2012. Investment Management businesses in
Malaysia, Thailand and South Korea were also sold. The sale of the
interest in the joint venture ING Financial Services Private Limited to
Hathway Investments was completed. In early 2014, an agreement
was reached to sell the investment management business in
Taiwan. ING resolved the remaining divestment of its Asian
insurance and investment management operations with the
inclusion of ING Life Japan in the base case IPO of NN Group.

GOVERNANCE NN GROUP

On 28 February 2014, before the finalisation of the 2013
consolidated financial statements, ING Insurance Topholding N.V.
legally merged with its wholly-owned subsidiary ING Verzekeringen
N.V. The legal merger became effective as of 1 March 2014 and on
that date the merged entity was renamed NN Group N.V. Through
this merger, the legal entity ING Verzekeringen N.V. ceased to exist
and NN Group N.V. became the legal successor of ING
Verzekeringen N.V.

NN Group N.V. became the entity for the base case IPO for the
European and Japanese insurance and investment management
operations. Until 1 March 2014 these operations were conducted
under the umbrella of ING Verzekeringen N.V. In this Annual
Report, NN Group will be used to indicate these operations.

48 ING Group Annual Report 2013

The board of NN Group NV. consists of:
¢ Ralph Hamers, CEO
° Lard Friese, vice-chairman

© Delfin Rueda, CFO

¢ Doug Caldwell, CRO
e Patrick Flynn

¢ Wilfred Nagel

e

Dorothee van Vredenburch

GOVERNANCE ING U.S.

Prior to the completion of its initial public offering (“IPO”) in May
2013, ING U.S., Inc. (“ING U.S.) was an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of ING Group. Following the ING U.S. IPO, and
consistent with the terms of its shareholder agreement with ING
U.S., ING Group retained control of a majority of the ING U.S.
board of directors and ING U.S. continued to be part of ING
Group's consolidated business operations. ING U.S. has announced
that it expects to rebrand over the course of 2014 to Voya Financial,
Inc. and to change its legal name to Voya Financial, Inc. in April
2014. In May 2014 the ING U.S. Investment Management and
Employee Benefits businesses also will begin using the Voya
Financial brand.

ING U.S. has elected to be treated as a “controlled company” for
purposes of NYSE corporate governance rules, and accordingly,
for as long as ING Group owns more than 50% of the ING U.S.
outstanding common stock, ING U.S. will not be subject to the
requirement that a majority of its directors be “independent” as
defined under such rules.

The board of ING U.S., Inc. consists of:
¢ Rodney Martin, Jr, chairman

¢ John Boers

Patrick Flynn

Barry Griswell

Dick Harryvan

Frederick Hubbell

Henny Koemans

Wilfred Nagel

David Zwiener

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE

NN Group's aim is to help customers secure their financial future.
NN Group's strategy focuses on offering appealing and easy-to-
understand products and services, multi-access distribution and
efficient and effective operations. In line with its ambition to be a
leading, responsible and customer-centric organisation.

Enhancing the customer experience means being accessible,
listening to the needs of customers, following-up on their
expectations, and offering them products and services that are
suitable to their needs. The result is that we help create a stronger
financial future for our customers.

In 2013, new corporate values were introduced which place the
customer first and put emphasis on products being easy to
understand, transparent and accessible. NN Group cares about its
customers, aims to be clear, and commits to them.


--- Page 38 ---

SUPPORTING AND DEVELOPING EMPLOYEES

For a customer-focused organisation such as NN Group, engaged
employees are the key to success. This means attracting the right
people, empowering them, giving them clear accountability and
ensuring that they focus on continuous development and set
ambitious but realistic goals.

Employees are encouraged to invest in themselves and in their
employment prospects. Employees are given, for example, training,
coaching and internships. In the Netherlands they are also offered
retraining advice if they are made redundant.

2013 was a year of major transition for the insurance and
investment management operations in the Netherlands. As
announced in November 2012, the transformation programme in
the Netherlands is expected to result in an estimated headcount
reduction of 1,350 FTEs over the period 2013-2014. By the end of
2013, a reduction of 818 FTE was realised.

The restructuring has resulted in stronger governance, better
integrated support functions, and three distinct Dutch business
lines: Netherlands Life, Netherlands Non-life and Nationale-
Nederlanden Bank. Supporting employees through this transition
was a key priority for the company.

A three-year collective labour agreement was signed, which
included the goal of stabilising labour costs as well as integrating
WestlandUtrecht employees into Nationale-Nederlanden Bank.
Despite the turbulence of the past few years, employee
engagement remained high. This was also reflected in employees’
willingness to involve themselves in community activities outside
the company in many countries.

SUSTAINABILITY

Embedding sustainability in core activities and processes remained
a key priority. The businesses strive — in their daily actions and
decision making — to strike a balance between financial interest and
their impact on society and the environment. This entails — amongst
others — offering products and services that are suitable,
transparent and contribute to the financial wellbeing of our
customers.

NN Group's ambition is to play a leading role in improving industry
standards. Its aim is to be a trusted partner in financial matters,
providing guidance and financial education so consumers better
understand and secure their financial future. Efforts to become an
even stronger company for stakeholders, for example by continuing
to make things easier and simpler for customers, are a significant
aspect of its business strategy.

In the field of responsible investing, Investment Management has
taken significant steps in integrating environmental, social and
governance (“ESG") aspects into the investment process.
Sustainable assets under management increased by 8.3% to

EUR 3.5 billion. In line with being an active investor, Investment
Management also attends shareholder meetings of its investee
companies. In 2013 it introduced the publication of quarterly Active
Ownership reports on its voting and engagement activities.

ING became one of the founding signatories of the United Nations
Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI) in 2012, which underlines
its commitment to embedding ESG considerations into strategy and

decision making. In 2013, the PSI strategy for the coming years
was written and approved by all PSI members.

NN Group takes its role in society seriously. Activities range from
financial education to health and wellbeing initiatives. They
involve raising funds and employees volunteering their time for
special projects.

SOLVENCY II

Throughout 2013, the insurance business worked towards meeting
the European Union's Solvency II Directive's requirements,
particularly with respect to adapting ING's risk measurement, risk
management and reporting to the levels required.

The trial Internal Model Application Package ("IMAP") was
submitted to DNB, the Dutch regulator, in 2013. The submission
was a first step towards gaining approval for an internal model for
the quantification of NN Group's capital requirements. The review
of the IMAP by the College of Supervisors (a group of international
supervisors) and the further firming up of Solvency Il measures will
form the basis of ING’s implementation efforts.

In November, a major milestone was reached in Brussels. The
European Parliament, Council and European Commission reached
a political deal on the Omnibus || Directive - amending the 2009
Solvency Il Framework Directive. Solvency II's implementation is
planned for 1 January 2016.

NN Group will continue to play a role in discussions with the
industry and with regulators on developing Solvency I! so that it is
robust and helps life insurance companies continue to meet the
long-term financial needs of their customers.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

In 2013 strong progress was made in the European and Japanese
insurance and investment management restructuring programme
and on improving the customer experience and operational
performance.

NN Group's overall ambition is for customers to choose its products
and services based on their previous positive experience with its
businesses. The priorities for the business are to be a strong,
sustainable company, delivering excellent customer service and
transparent products. The priorities also include providing multi-
access distribution, having efficient and effective operations and
generating capital.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 49

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 39 ---

NN Group

> Leading insurance and investment
management company with a predominantly
European presence

> NN to be the future brand name

> Strong presence across mature and
growth markets

> Focused on delivering a superior customer
experience and operational excellence

NN Group is a leading insurance and investment management
company with a strong, predominantly European presence in

18 countries. With more than 12,000 employees, it offers
retirement services, insurance, investments and banking to retail,
SME, corporate and institutional customers. NN Group's aim is to
help customers secure their financial future. In 2013, it leveraged
its scale in mature markets and delivered profitable growth in
emerging markets. In many countries NN Group won awards for
its customer-focused approach, and for making things easier and
simpler for customers.

NETHERLANDS LIFE

> Responding to changes in the Dutch life
insurance market

> Delivering operational excellence in the group
pensions and life businesses to create a
customer-driven organisation

> Lowered costs and improved capital position

Netherlands Life's airn is help its customers make the right decisions
about their financial future, by providing effective and easy-to-
understand products. In 2013, the individual life insurance market
continued to go through major change. In response to this,
Netherlands Life is lowering costs by streamlining its processes and
systems. In pensions it is well positioned to capture more
opportunities in the growing Defined Contribution market. In all

its businesses, Netherlands Life is committed to improving the
customer experience.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The operating result for Netherlands Life was EUR 686 million in
2013 compared with EUR 604 million in 2012, mainly due to a
higher technical margin partly offset by lower fees and premium
based revenues.

The investment margin decreased to EUR 535 million in 2013 from
EUR 542 million in 2012, after a slight decline in investment income
mainly due to lower dividends on equity securities.

Compared with 2012, fees and premium-based revenues in 2013
decreased by EUR 47 million to EUR 461 million, mainly due to the
run-off of the individual life closed book portfolio as well as lower
cost charges to clients within individual unit-linked insurance
policies from 2013 onwards.

In 2013 the technical margin was EUR 237 million, a 68.1% increase

from EUR 141 million in 2012, mainly driven by non-recurring
movements in technical provisions in both years.

50 ING Group Annual Report 2013

Administrative expenses decreased to EUR 472 million in 2013
compared with EUR 495 million in 2012, mainly due to the
transformation programme in the Netherlands partly offset by
higher pension expenses.

DAC amortisation and trail commissions declined 18.5% to EUR 75
million in 2013, in line with the decline in new life sales and
reduced acquisition costs, as a result of the commission ban on
complex products in the Netherlands.

Gains/losses and impairments decreased to a EUR 43 million loss in
2013 from a gain of EUR 138 million in 2012. The loss in 2013 was
mainly due to impairments on real estate, while the gain in 2012
was mainly driven by realised gains on equities.

Revaluations improved to a gain of EUR 27 million compared to a loss
of EUR 296 million in 2012. Negative real estate revaluations in 2013
were more than offset by positive revaluations of private equity. The
loss in 2012 included a EUR 206 million loss on equity hedges and a
EUR 149 million negative revaluation of real estate, partly offset by a
EUR 20 million positive revaluation of private equity.

The 2013 loss of EUR 329 million in market and other impacts was
mainly a result of the change in the provision for guarantees on
separate account pension contracts (net of hedging). This included a
non-recurring loss of EUR 177 million from a refinement of the
market interest rate assumption to further align the accounting and
the hedging for the separate account pension business. In 2012, the
loss from the change in the provision for guarantees on separate
account pension contracts (net of hedging) was EUR 530 million.

Special items were a loss of EUR 22 million in 2013, primarily due to
preparation costs for the base case IPO. This compared to a loss of EUR
225 million in 2012 which primarily reflected reorganisation provisions
related to the transformation programme announced in late 2012 as
well as expenses related to the operational separation from ING
Group.

Result on divestment was a gain of EUR 6 million in 2013,
compared with a loss of EUR 25 million in 2012. The loss in 2012
was related to the final settlement of the divestment of group
pension contracts which were transferred to an industry wide
pension fund.

The result before tax was a gain of EUR 325 million in 2013,
compared with a loss of EUR 335 million in 2012, driven by an
improvement in non-operating items and lower adverse impact
from special items as well as the increase in operating result.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Netherlands Life offers a range of group life and individual life
insurance products. Its group life policies are primarily group
pension products. Its individual life insurance business primarily
consists of the closed-block operation of the individual life
portfolios (comprising a range of discontinued products sold prior
to 2012) of Nationale-Nederlanden, RVS and ING Verzekeringen
Retail, formerly known as Postbank Insurance. Netherlands Life also
provides pension administration and management services through
its AZL brand.

Netherlands Life was the largest life insurer in the Netherlands as
measured by Gross Written Premiums (GWP) in 2012, the most
recent year of official figures, collected by DNB.


--- Page 40 ---

In the pensions market, the persistently low-interest rate
environment and longevity risk have increased employers’ funding
costs for pension schemes. Through Netherlands Life's Pensions
division, Netherlands Life provides pension solutions to businesses
of all sizes. It offers insured and non-insured pension solutions,
bundled and unbundled options, and works in close collaboration
with pension administrator AZL and ING Investment Management.
Netherlands Life Pensions is able to help existing and new
customers move from Defined Benefit to Defined Contribution
pension schemes, giving employers greater certainty over the
funding cost of their pension schemes and at the same time
reducing risk and capital requirements for Netherlands Life.

The individual life insurance market is going through major change,
driven in part by the economic downturn which is affecting
consumer confidence and spending patterns, and by new
regulations related to commissions on how individual life insurance
products are sold. A major shift towards bank annuity products is
taking place. In response to these developments, Netherlands Life is
lowering costs by streamlining its processes and systems, and
improving the customer experience. Netherlands Life is focused on
providing excellent service to clients who have purchased individual
contracts in previous years. It will continue to provide simple
solutions by offering term life and direct annuities to prospective
retail customers.

In 2012, Netherlands Life stepped up its efforts in compensating
customers with individual unit-linked policies based on the
compensation scheme with two consumer protection organisations
and also based on additional measures (‘‘flankerend beleid”) that
comply with the “Best in Class” criteria as formulated by the Dutch
Minister of Finance. By early 2013, all policyholders of an individual
unit-linked policy were informed about their compensation. The
agreements with the two consumer protection organisations

are not binding on policyholders. For more information, please
refer to ‘Legal proceedings’ in the Accounts section of this

Annual Report.

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE

Netherlands Life measures and analyses its Net Promoter Score
(NPS) results and complaints. It adjusts processes in line with
customers’ feedback and expectations.

In pensions, its objective is to help customers make informed
decisions about their financial future throughout their lives. In 2013,
Netherlands Life improved the quality of its communication

with customers. For example, it introduced a new website
www.thuisinpensioen.nl where customers can find answers to
questions about pensions.

PRODUCTS

Netherlands Life launched a Defined Contribution (DC) pension
product (Essentie Pensioen) in 2012 which bundles insurance from
Nationale-Nederlanden, pension administration by AZL and
investment management services from Investment Management. It
launched another DC product (Bewust Pensioen) in 2013, which is
based on a straight-through-processing framework and offers
guarantees and investment opportunities. With these two
products, Netherlands Life is well positioned to capture more
opportunities in the growing DC market.

DISTRIBUTION

As a result of the legislative ban in 2013 on commissions for complex
financial products and stricter requirements for certification, there
has been a reduction in the number of intermediaries in the Dutch
market. At the same time new distributors have appeared, who are
expanding their services, and distributing pension products together
with financial advice to their clients.

In group life, Netherlands Life is increasingly offering DC
propositions, both insured and non-insured, alongside its full
service Defined Benefit (DB) pension solutions. Furthermore, due to
the greater use of digital tools, processes are becoming more
efficient for customers.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

Netherlands Life’s ambition is to help its customers make the right
decisions about their financial future and it will achieve this by
guiding them through effective and easy-to-understand products.

NETHERLANDS NON-LIFE

> The profitability of income protection
products improves

> Run rate expenses are decreasing due to
product and process innovation

> Customer service is improving

Netherlands Non-life’s aim is to lower expenses, create innovate
products and to further improve customer and intermediary service
levels. It continues to sell its products through multiple distribution
channels. Intermediaries continue to play an important role, but
bancassurance and direct channels are also an integral part of
Netherlands Non-life’s distribution strategy.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The operating result for Netherlands Non-life was EUR 79 million in
2013, a 23.3% decline compared with EUR 103 million in 2012,
mainly due to a lower operating result in the Property & Casualty
(P&C) segment partly offset by a higher operating result in the
Disability & Accident (D&A) segment.

Operating income was EUR 1,729 million in 2013, a 6.2% decrease
compared with EUR 1,844 million in 2012. This decrease was
largely driven by lower earned premiums in the SME P&C and D&A
segments due to the challenging economic conditions and an
underwriting focus on value and return over volume. Other income
comprising commission income earned by NN Group’s wholly-
owned insurance brokers, Mandema and Zicht, showed a decrease
as a result of the new legislation prohibiting insurance companies
to pay commissions to brokers, which became effective in 2013.

Expenditure improved to EUR 1,651 million in 2013 compared with
EUR 1,741 million in 2012. This improvement was driven by a
significant reduction in claims frequency for disability and accident
insurance products following the implementation of a recovery
programme in 2011 and 2012. The recovery was also strengthened
by a significant improvement in the claims experience for short-
term disability products. The restored profitability of the Income
business was partly offset by a relatively high volume of significant
claims in the fire product line and several large storms in the fourth

ING Group Annual Report 2013 51

aie amo |

ral
2
3
S
Ey
a
é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uorewsojU! 42430 9

uonewsojul jeuonippy £


--- Page 41 ---

NN Group continued

quarter of 2013, which increased expenditures in the P&C
market segment. Administrative expenses increased by EUR

19 million mainly as a result of higher pension expenses, which
more than offset the impact of the transformation programme
in the Netherlands.

The result from non-operating items was a gain of EUR 4 million in
2013 compared with a loss of EUR 15 million in 2012. The positive

result reflects improved revaluations of both real estate and private
equity assets in 2013 and negative revaluations of the direct equity
hedge in 2012.

Special items were a loss of EUR 16 million in 2013, primarily due to
preparation costs for the base case IPO. This compared to a loss of
EUR 140 million in 2012, which mainly reflected reorganisation
provisions related to the transformation programme announced in late
2012 and expenses for the operational separation from ING Group.

The result before tax increased to a gain of EUR 66 million in 2013
from a loss of EUR 51 million in 2012. The decrease in operating
result was more than offset by an improvement in non-operating
items and special items.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Netherlands Non-life offers a broad range of non-life insurance
products — motor, transport, fire, liability, travel and disability and
accident insurance — to retail, self-employed, SME (small and
medium-sized enterprise) and corporate customers. It does this
through multi-channel distribution such as regular and mandated
brokers, ING Bank and direct via the internet. Its Movir brand offers
individual disability insurance to specific groups in the medical and
business professions.

In the Netherlands, Netherlands Non-Life was the third largest
provider of non-life insurance products (excluding healthcare
insurance) measured by Gross Written Premiums (GWP) in 2012,
the most recent year of official figures, as collected by DNB.

The economic downturn continued to affect the non-life business
in 2013, most visibly in disability and accident insurance.
Netherlands Non-life is gradually increasing the profitability of this
product line having adjusted premiums and having made
operational improvements in the claims process.

Furthermore, by innovating products and processes it lowered run
rate expenses. In the property and casualty business, it downsized
the product portfolio in line with the focus on retail, SMEs and the
self-employed.

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Netherlands Non-life broadened its non-life insurance package for
companies in 2013. It introduced, for example, cover for disruption
to web shops such as cybercrime, and launched an insurance
package to protect employers and their businesses against illness
and disability. The broadened range of insurance also supports
intermediaries who are able to offer their business customers more
insurance options.

In the retail space, Netherlands Non-life began to offer online
travel insurance and cover against unexpected legal expenses.

A new website was launched for intermediaries (www.adviseur.
nn.nl) which includes a tool to select customers for mailing
promotions.

52 ING Group Annual Report 2013

Netherlands Non-life is constantly improving its processes by
implementing straight-through-processing (STP). This not only
enhances the customer experience but reduces manual work,
errors and costs.

DISTRIBUTION DEVELOPMENTS

Netherlands Non-life continues to distribute its products through
third-party channels, but in 2012 it started to provide retail
products via its own direct channels, and it enhanced these
channels in 2013. In the SME market for income protection and for
property and casualty products, the intermediary channel remained
the dominant distribution channel because of the complexity and
the need-for-advice nature of the products. Distribution via ING
Bank continued to deliver encouraging results in the Property and
Casualty market.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

The weak economic environment continued to affect the business,
but Netherlands Non-life is on track with profit recovery. It
continues to improve its products and processes, enhance the
customer experience and to lower expenses.

INSURANCE EUROPE

> Accelerated portfolio growth by improving
the customer experience

> Focus on protection and investment products
and building a multi-channel distribution
platform

> Priority on cost containment

In spite of the challenging macroeconomic environment in many
European countries, Insurance Europe achieved growth in 2013 by
increasing multi-channel distribution and improving service levels,
which resulted in higher NPS scores. Insurance Europe has a strong
focus on profitable growth.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The operating result for Insurance Europe was EUR 199 million in
2013, a 9.1% decline compared with EUR 219 million in 2012.
Lower investment margin and a lower technical margin were partly
offset by lower administrative expenses.

The investment margin for 2013 was EUR 105 million, compared
with EUR 122 million for 2012. This decline reflects lower re-
investment yields and the impact of a regulatory change, both in
the Czech Republic.

Fees and premium-based revenues decreased slightly from EUR 514
million in 2012 to EUR 507 million in 2013, mainly due to lower
unit-linked premiums in Belgium and Luxembourg.

The technical margin decreased to EUR 191 million in 2013 from
EUR 210 million in 2012, mainly due to lower surrender results in
Greece and lower morbidity margin in Romania and Greece. These
declines were partly offset by a EUR 10 million reclassification of
the Belgian crisis tax, booked in the technical margin in 2012,

to DAC amortisation and trail commissions in 2013.


--- Page 42 ---

Administrative expenses were EUR 310 million in 2013, a 7.2%
decrease compared with EUR 334 million in 2012. This decrease
partly reflects the incurrence of a one-off financial institution tax in
Hungary of EUR 15 million in 2012 and tight cost control
throughout the region in 2013, the impact of the latter partly offset
by investments in new business in Turkey.

DAC amortisation and trail commissions decreased slightly to EUR
319 million in 2013 from EUR 321 million in 2012. DAC
amortisation and trail commissions in Belgium decreased due to a
new commission agreement with distributor ING Bank Belgium as
well as lower sales, offset by the reclassification of the Belgian
crisis tax.

Non-operating items increased to a gain of EUR 53 million in 2013
from a loss of EUR 66 million in 2012. This increase reflects a EUR
48 million gain on the sale of Dutch and German government
bonds in Belgium in 2013, as compared with capital losses and
impairments on financial and government bonds in Belgium and
Spain in 2012.

Special items were a loss of EUR 9 million in 2013, primarily related
to expenses for a regional transformation programme. This
compared with a loss of EUR 38 million in 2012, which included
expenses related to the operational separation from ING, expenses
for the transformation programme and expenses related to the
base case IPO.

The result before tax increased to EUR 243 million in 2013 from EUR
115 million in 2012. The decrease in operating result was more than
offset by an improvement in non-operating items and special items.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Insurance Europe primarily offers life insurance, mainly to retail,
self-employed, SME and corporate customers in 11 countries:
Poland, Turkey, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Romania,
Hungary, Bulgaria, Belgium, Spain, Greece and Luxembourg. It also
offers pensions in some of these markets and non-life insurance in
Belgium and Spain, and healthcare insurance in Greece.

In Europe, Insurance Europe was in 2012 the largest provider of life
insurance in Romania and Hungary, and had top-four positions in
the Czech Republic and Greece — in each case measured in GWP. It
was the largest provider of mandatory pensions in Poland, Slovak
Republic, Romania and Hungary, and voluntary pensions in
Romania — in each case measured by assets under management.

CUSTOMER FOCUS

Insurance Europe is making clear progress in improving the
customer experience and received awards for this in several
countries. In Poland an electronic application for customers
significantly reduced online claims handling and service time. In
Romania new functions in MyING, the first self-service portal in the
local life insurance market, were introduced. Spain launched a

new customer website including a self-service portal with improved
functionality; policies can now be delivered within two days

from application.

In the Czech Republic, about 80% of claims are processed within
five days. In Belgium the car insurance claim process was
redesigned to make it clearer for customers. In Turkey the website
was re-launched with more functions, and the customer portal’s
self-service capability was enhanced; in addition, a mobile

application was introduced to give customers access to their
accounts at any time and wherever they are.

In Bulgaria annual pension statements can now be received by
email, which brings convenience and reduces paper usage.

PRODUCTS

Insurance Europe offers both protection and investment products.
It introduced several customer initiatives in 2013 in line with its
strategy to improve the customer experience. In January Greece
launched its new health product, Orange Cross, with plain
language, illustrations and an easy-to-use manual. In December
2012, ING in the Czech Republic launched For You, breast cancer
insurance cover for women which includes online access to
information and help about cancer prevention. For You has been
well received by customers, achieving an excellent NPS score. In
2013 Spain became the second country to offer For You.

Spain signed a collaboration agreement with Mutua Madrilena
Group, and started selling its car insurance with special benefits for
ING customers. Poland achieved success with its “Insure yourself
and trick the cancer” campaign, which was voted the best
campaign in the finance category of the Zloty Spinacz awards, a
prestigious public relations award. The campaign was recognised
for its corporate responsibility features, including cancer prevention
and education about healthy living and the importance of regular
medical examinations. Romania launched the country’s first online
life insurance service. Turkey introduced a long-term life product,
using online and offline distribution channels. Luxembourg
launched a unit-linked life insurance solution for the French market.

DISTRIBUTION

Insurance Europe is building a multi-channel distribution platform
to serve customers across all channels. It continues to invest in tied
agents via the Tangerine programme which pools ING's regional
know-how and provides a best-practice template on how to run a
tied agent sales force. Tangerine is being introduced country-by-
country and is already increasing tied agent productivity. Insurance
Europe is also investing in the broker channel, especially in Turkey.

In bancassurance, Insurance Europe is signing up more banking
partners as well as working closer with existing partners. In
November a partnership was announced with Anadolubank in
Turkey, where bancassurance arrangements performed well in
2013. NN Group in Luxembourg is building partnerships in France
and Italy.

Turkey launched a pilot network of retail insurance shops selling
ING products and those of its competitors. In Spain, a pilot network
of insurance agents (Orange Points) in the country’s smaller cities
was established to reach new and existing customers not covered
by the company’s branch network, which is located in the

large cities.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

Insurance Europe made clear progress in improving the customer
experience and broadening its distribution base in 2013.

New products and value propositions were introduced. Its
customer focus approach resulted in increasing NPS scores and
several awards.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 53

aie amo |

w
ral
2

3
S
Ey
a

é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uoneWsosU! 12410 9

uonewsosu! jeuonIppy


--- Page 43 ---

NN Group continued

JAPAN LIFE

> Market leader in niche Corporate Owned Life
Insurance (COLI) segment

> Production innovation and distribution strength
result in improved market adaptability

> Strong profitability and cash generation

The Japanese life insurance market is the second largest market in
the world. Although it is mature, it has attractive growth
opportunities in some large segments and channels. In November
2013, ING announced Japan Life would be included within the base
case IPO of NN Group.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The operating result for Japan Life was EUR 162 million in 2013, a
17.3% decline compared with EUR 196 million in 2012, due to the
27% depreciation of the Japanese yen against the euro in 2013.

Fees and premium-based revenues were EUR 436 million in 2013, a
11.0% decrease compared with EUR 490 million in 2012, due to
the depreciation of the Japanese yen against the euro. Excluding
this currency effect, fees and premium based revenues increased by
10.0% driven by strong COLI sales and favourable persistency.

The technical margin decreased to EUR 2 million in 2013 compared
with EUR 23 million in 2012, as the 2012 technical margin included
strong mortality and morbidity results, while surrender results
declined in 2013 following improved persistency in the portfolio.

Administrative expenses were EUR 106 million in 2013, a 18.5%
decrease compared with EUR 130 million in 2012, due to the
depreciation of the Japanese yen against the euro. Excluding
currency effects, administrative expenses remained broadly stable,
increasing by 1.0% compared to 2012.

DAC amortisation and trail commissions decreased to EUR 177
million in 2013 compared to EUR 197 million in 2012. Excluding
currency effects, DAC amortisation and trail commissions increased
by 11.7% due to higher in-force volume.

Gains/losses and impairments increased to EUR 42 million in 2013
from EUR 4 million in the prior year, mainly caused by asset
rebalancing. Revaluations decreased to a loss of EUR 11 million in
2013 from a gain of EUR 10 million in the previous year.

The result before tax decreased to EUR 192 million in 2013 from
EUR 209 million in 2012, due to the decrease in operating result.
This was partly offset by an improvement in non-operating items.
assumption.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

In Japan, NN Group primarily offers a range of COLI (“Corporate-
Owned Life Insurance”) products to SMEs and owners and
employees of SMEs through independent agents and
bancassurance. COLI products are traditional life insurance policies
that a company, typically an SME, takes out on the lives of
executives or employees, whereby the company is both the
policyholder and the beneficiary of the policy. COLI products are
designed to address the protection, savings, and retirement

54 ING Group Annual Report 2013

preparation needs of SMEs and owners and employees of SMEs
in a tax-efficient manner.

In 2012, Japan Life was Japan’s third largest provider of COLI
products measured by Annual Premium Equivalent (APE).

Japan Life believes that customer centricity is crucial to its success.
Continuously improving the customer experience is one of its
priorities. Key improvements in 2013 included the redesign of
approximately 200 application and request forms, and the
improvement of the interactive voice response process at the

call centre.

In 2013, Japan Life received a three-star rating (out of a maximum
of three) for its after-sales call centre from the service and support
industry organisation, HDI-Japan (“Help Desk Institute”),
emphasising the company’s commitment to deliver superior service
to its customers and distribution partners.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

The continued shift towards professional distribution channels, such
as independent brokers and banks, is creating growth opportunities
for Japan Life. Its aim is to grow faster than the market boosted by
its strong presence in these channels.

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT

> Global asset manager with EUR 174 billion in
assets under management (AuM)

> Investing responsibly and effectively with 71%
of funds above benchmark

> Focus on growing third party business

Investment Management operates from a strong middle and back
office, enabling solid investment performance and room for further
growth in assets under management. It is preparing for the base
case IPO of NN Group, making its business simpler by streamlining
its governance and divesting several activities in Asia.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The operating result for Investment Management was EUR 130
million in 2013, a 19.3% increase compared with EUR 109 million in
2012, driven by higher fees and lower administrative expenses.

Fees were EUR 444 million in 2013, a 3.3% increase compared with
EUR 430 million in 2012, as outflows in lower yielding proprietary
assets were offset by inflows in higher margin products. As a result,
the ratio of fees to average AUM improved slightly from 24.5 basis
points in 2012 to 24.8 basis points in 2013.

Administrative expenses were EUR 314 million in 2013, a 2.2%
decrease compared with EUR 321 million in 2012, primarily due

to non-recurring costs incurred at the end of 2012.

The result before tax increased to EUR 131 million in 2013 from EUR
105 million in 2012, as a result of the increase in operating result.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Investment Management offers a wide variety of actively managed
investment products and advisory services to retail and institutional
customers in all major asset classes and investment styles. In
addition, it manages the assets of NN Group's businesses.


--- Page 44 ---

Investment Management offers its products and services globally
through regional centres in several countries across Europe, the
United States, the Middle East and Asia, with the Netherlands as its
main investment hub. As at 31 December 2013, Investment
Management had EUR 174 billion of AuM, of which EUR 104 billion
was managed for third party retail and institutional customers and
the remaining EUR 70 billion for the general account of NN Group's
businesses.

In 2013, Investment Management continued to simplify and
streamline its operations, in line with the separate divestment of
the Asian insurance and investment management businesses.
During the year, ING completed the divestment of its 33.3% stake
in China Merchant Fund, ING Funds Berhad in Malaysia, ING IM
Thailand, and ING IM Korea. It also closed down its regional office
in Hong Kong. The offices in Singapore and Japan are part of the
Investment Management organisation and as such included in the
base case IPO. In early 2014, an agreement was reached to sell the
investment management business in Taiwan.

In 2013, Investment Management again scored highly compared
to the industry average in its annual client satisfaction survey. It
received various awards that highlighted its customer centricity.
On the operational side, it completed the transformation of its
infrastructure to a simpler, more advanced environment that
enables even better investment performance and that further
improves the customer experience.

PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION

Investment Management produces and distributes its products
globally. It operates from a modern middle and back office with
sufficient capacity to increase its operations without infrastructure
constraints. It has a global distribution network across various
distribution channels. This network will help it grow its third-party
business in the future.

This expansion will be also driven by successful products. More
than 71% of its funds have outperformed their respective
benchmarks on a three-year asset-weighted basis as at 31
December 2013. 43% of Investment Management's investment
funds had a four- or five-star Morningstar rating, which was above
the industry average.

INVESTING RESPONSIBLY

In managing investments, Investment Management is committed to
the UN Principles for Responsible Investment. In 2013, it integrated
environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors as a screening
criterion into all its investment strategies. These factors can have a
significant impact on long-term performance. Sustainable assets
under management increased by 8.3% to EUR 3.5 billion. In line
with being an active investor, Investment Management visits
shareholder meetings of its investee companies. In 2013, it
introduced the publication of quarterly active ownership reports on
its voting and engagement activities. For more information on
these and other sustainability-related subjects, please refer to

the ING Group Sustainability Report.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

Investment Management aims to partner with its customers for
the long run. It will continue to focus on delivering best-in-class
performance and services for its customers. It has a strong focus
on growing its third-party business. Its future name will be NN

Investment Partners which signifies its ambition to be a partner
to its customers rather than a general supplier of products.

OTHER

> Nationale-Nederlanden Bank offers integrated
wealth management solutions and successfully
introduced two savings products

> Solvency Il provides ING Re with opportunities
to improve NN Group’s capital allocation

“Other” comprises the business of Nationale-Nederlanden
Bank and ING Re (NN Group’s internal reinsurer), the results of
the holding and other results.

Nationale-Nederlanden Bank accelerated efforts to become a
one-stop shop for integrated financial solutions for retail customers,
supported by the integration with a part of WestlandUtrecht Bank
(“WUB") as well as the launch of new savings products. As of

1 July 2013, the profitable operations of WUB, including assets and
liabilities, were partially transferred to Nationale-Nederlanden Bank.
Solvency II will provide ING Re with new business opportunities.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The operating result for the Other segment was a loss of EUR 371
million in 2013, compared with a loss of EUR 398 million in 2012.
The improvement largely reflects lower funding costs offset by a
lower result from the reinsurance business.

Holding result was a loss of EUR 345 million in 2013, an
improvement of 15.6% compared with a loss of EUR 409 million in
2012, largely due to lower interest expense on hybrids and debt.
Interest expense on hybrids and debt was EUR 167 million in 2013,
a decrease of 23.0% compared with EUR 217 million in 2012,
mainly reflecting a EUR 2 billion senior debt refinancing by ING
Group in September 2013.

Operating result reinsurance business was a loss of EUR 15 million
in 2013, compared with a gain of EUR 22 million in 2012. The 2013
result was negatively impacted by a EUR 31 million one-off loss on
a specific reinsurance contract.

Operating result Nationale-Nederlanden Bank was a loss of EUR
11 million in 2013, compared with a loss of EUR 14 million in 2012,
due to start-up and integration expenses.

Non-operating items was a gain of EUR 29 million in 2013,
compared with a loss of EUR 24 million in 2012, due to
improvements in gains/losses and impairments, reflecting the
reallocation of the investment portfolio of ING Re in 2013, and
lower losses from revaluations.

Special items amounted to a loss of EUR 79 million in 2013,
compared with a loss of EUR 43 million in 2012. The loss in 2013
was primarily due to expenses related to the restructuring and
integration of WestlandUtrecht Bank operations at Nationale-
Nederlanden Bank. The 2012 loss included EUR 94 million in
expenses related to the operational separation from ING Group and
preparation costs for the base case IPO, EUR 56 million in goodwill
impairments, and a EUR 26 million reorganisation provision. These
negative items were largely offset by a pension provision release of
EUR 133 million.

ING Group Annual Report 2013 55

aie amo |

ral
2
3
S
Ey
a
é
2
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

sjunospe enue Auedwio> quased §

uorewsojU! 42430 9

uonewsojul jeuonippy £


--- Page 45 ---

NN Group continued

Result on divestments was a loss of EUR 50 million in 2013,
primarily reflecting a EUR 62 million loss on the sale of the Mexican
mortgage business.

The result before tax was a loss of EUR 471 million in 2013,
compared with a loss of EUR 452 million in 2012, as improvements
in the operating result and non-operating items were more than
offset by higher special items and a lower result on divestments.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Nationale-Nederlanden Bank offers a range of banking products,
especially mortgages and savings, to retail customers in the
Netherlands. In addition, it coordinates the distribution of
Nationale-Nederlanden’s individual life and retail non-life insurance
products in the Netherlands to enable a comprehensive product
offering to retail customers in the Netherlands.

It distributes these products through intermediaries, Nationale-
Nederlanden's direct channel and ING Bank. Nationale-
Nederlanden Bank aims to build a high quality mortgage book and
it has a strong and well-capitalised balance sheet.

In June, Nationale-Nederlanden Bank launched two savings
products: one with a floating interest rate and the other with fixed
interest rate and term. It also introduced an innovative mortgage
pledge service (Hypotheektoezegging), where customers are given
a mortgage commitment before buying a house. The commitment
is conditional upon the absence of subsequent changes in the
personal circumstances and the acceptance of the house as
collateral for the mortgage.

In 2013, it became apparent that consumers increasingly favoured
self-directed business, execution-only services via call centres and
online rather than financial advice-related services.

The Bank expanded service capacity in its direct channels, set up
a web-care team to communicate with customers through social
media and introduced www.adviseur.nn.nl, a portal for
intermediaries, so they can better service their customers.

ING RE

ING Re is NN Group's internal reinsurer located in the Netherlands.
ING Re primarily offers reinsurance to NN Group's businesses. It
manages its risks through ceding excess insurance risk to external
reinsurers and hedging (a major part of) its market risks. ING Re
also reinsures the minimum guarantee obligations of the Japan
Closed Block VA. In the segment reporting, the results from this
reinsurance agreement are reported by ING Re under the Japan
Closed Block VA segment (whilst the rest of ING Re results are
reported under the Other segment).

In 2013, ING Re reviewed its key processes and strengthened its
governance in preparation for Solvency II and to increase efficiency.
Solvency II provides ING Re with new opportunities to improve

NN Group's capital allocation. By reinsuring risks from NN Group's
business lines and pooling them centrally at ING Re, diversification
benefits can be achieved, resulting in capital efficiencies for

NN Group.

56 ING Group Annual Report 2013

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

Nationale-Nederlanden Bank aims to become a one-stop shop for
integrated financial solutions for retail customers. With its portfolio
of integrated solutions, a strong brand and its extensive distribution
base it aims to have a competitive presence in the Dutch financial
sector. ING Re will continue to support NN Group businesses by
providing reinsurance services.

JAPAN CLOSED BLOCK VA

> The Closed Block primarily consists of
single premium variable annuities sold from
2001 to 2009

> Focus on managing risks, cost and
efficiency management

Japan Closed Block VA primarily consists of single premium variable
annuities (SPVA) sold from 2001 to 2009. In 2009, ING in Japan
ceased the sale of SPVA products in Japan, placed the portfolio in
run-off and classified it as closed-block business.

FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS

The operating result of Japan Closed Block VA was EUR 80 million
in 2013, a 5.9% decrease compared with EUR 85 million in 2012.
Excluding currency effects, the operating result increased by 19.1%,
mainly driven by higher operating income.

Fees and premium based revenues were EUR 136 million in 2013, a
decrease of 8.1% compared with EUR 148 million in 2012, due to
the 27% depreciation of the Japanese yen against the euro during
2013. Excluding currency effects, operating income increased by
15.0% due to the strong performance of the Japanese equity
markets which boosted the account value of the closed-block
annuity portfolio.

The increase in administrative expenses to EUR 18 million in 2013
from EUR 13 million in the prior year was due to preparation for
business restructuring as a part of the ING Group divestment plan.

DAC amortization and trail commissions fell to EUR 38 million in
2013, compared with EUR 50 million in 2012, as DAC related to the
annuity portfolio was written-down entirely on 1 October 2013, as
part of the charge to restore the reserve adequacy of the business
line to the 50% confidence level, due to the change in
segmentation.

Non-operating items were a loss of EUR 749 million in 2013
compared with a gain of EUR 21 million in 2012. The loss in 2013
was primarily the result of the EUR 575 million charge taken to
bring the reserve adequacy of the business line to the 50%
confidence level as of 1 October 2013.

The result before tax was a loss of EUR 669 million in 2013,
compared with a gain of EUR 105 million in 2012. This decrease
was primarily due to the incurrence of the EUR 575 million charge
to restore the reserve adequacy to the 50% confidence level.


--- Page 46 ---

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Japan Closed Block VA comprises NN Group's closed-block single
premium variable annuity (SPVA) individual life insurance portfolio
in Japan. This portfolio consists of SPVA products with substantial
minimum guarantee obligations sold predominantly from 2001 to
2009. In 2009 ING ceased the sale of these products and placed
this portfolio in run-off. This portfolio has been classified as a
closed-block and is managed as a separate segment.

Over 90% of the portfolio is projected to run off by 2019, due to
the short-term maturity profile of the SPVA products.

The minimum guarantee obligations of Japan Life under the
closed-block portfolio are fully reinsured by ING’s internal reinsurer,
ING Re. ING Re manages this risk through a sophisticated hedging
programme. Japan Life is responsible for managing the policies, the
relationships with customers, the distribution partners and the
Japanese regulatory authority.

CONCLUSIONS AND AMBITIONS

The majority of the closed-block SPVA portfolio is projected to
run off relatively quickly. The focus is on prudently managing risks
via hedging to release capital, as well as on cost and efficiency
management.

The Corporate governance section starting on page 62 and the
paragraphs of the Remuneration report “Remuneration policy

for senior management” and “2013 remuneration structure senior
management” on pages 81-87 are incorporated by reference

in this Report of the Executive Board.

AMSTERDAM, 17 MARCH 2014
THE EXECUTIVE BOARD

57

ING Gro

are amouM |

ral
g
3
2
cs
3
3
a
3
8

sjunooe jenuue pajepijosuoD

squnoooe jenuue Auedwo> yuaieg ¢

von ewsojul 12410 9

uonewsojul jeuonippy Z
