

--- Page 1 ---

Beiersdorf’s Brands

Every day, millions of consumers trust Beiersdorf’s innovative, high-quality skin
and body care products. Our successful international brand portfolio is tailored
to meet the individual needs and wishes of consumers, as well as regional re-
quirements. The ongoing development of our strong brands is the basis for this
closeness to consumers and markets, and hence for Beiersdorf’s success.

tesa provides innovative self-adhesive products and system solutions. The
manufacturer is a global market leader in a large number of application areas
thanks to its many years of experience in coating technology and developing
adhesive masses.

Our Brand Portfolio

Florena
ee

Aquaphor

HEALING OINTMENT

Hansaplast
“4

Eucerin la prairie

‘SWITZERLAND

LEK

PROFESSIONAL

SU RB KI

Business and Strategy

Beiersdorf is a global leader in the consumer goods industry with over 16,500
employees in more than 150 affiliates worldwide. We have two separate busi-
ness segments.

The Consumer Business Segment, whose strong brands focus on the interna-
tional skin and body care markets, is our main business.

The tesa Business Segment is a pioneering manufacturer of self-adhesive
products and solutions for industry, craft businesses, and consumers.

Consumer Business Segment

BLUE AGENDA - THE STRATEGIC COMPASS

Beiersdorf will be the number 1 Skin Care company in its relevant categories and
markets. Its Blue Agenda, which clearly defines the company’s objectives and
how to implement them, was developed in 2012 to achieve this goal. The Blue
Agenda focuses on five main areas:

°

Strengthening our brands - first and foremost NIVEA

Increasing our innovative power

Systematically expanding our impact and presence in the emerging markets
as well as strengthening our home markets in Europe

© Increasing efficiency and speed

Dedicated employees.

oo

°


--- Page 2 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Beiersdorf's Brands
Business and Strategy

Completing the Blue Agenda is expected to take three to five years. Beiersdorf
made substantial progress towards this objective in 2013. The results for the
past year reflect this success, with sales and earnings both rising significantly.
Our market share has increased and our brand presence has been strengthened
in many countries - both in the emerging markets and in Europe. Our positive
performance in our German home market is particularly noteworthy.

NEW BRAND AND CORPORATE IMAGE

Work on the gradual rollout of the new NIVEA logo and design, including the re-
design of the NIVEA Men product category, continued in the year under review.
The plan is to complete the process by the end of 2014. The brand's core has
been revitalized and brand recognition fundamentally improved. It is clearly
differentiated from the competition and the NIVEA umbrella brand now has a
uniform image.

Once the NIVEA brand logo had been changed, the corporate logo was also re-
vised so as to create a uniform, eye-catching corporate image. In January 2014,
Beiersdorf presented the new logo with its clean, clear design. Modifying the
shade of blue to match that used by NIVEA has created a link between the com-
pany and its flagship brand. The logo symbolizes the company’s focus on skin
care and on the future. The lettering evokes the company’s focus on quality and
contemporary development, building a bridge between its tradition and its
future.

INNOVATIVE POWER

In addition to continued developments and support for innovations such as
NIVEA's Deodorant Invisible for Black & White, new product launches - includ-
ing NIVEA Deodorant Stress Protect, NIVEA In-Shower Body Lotion, and NIVEA
Cellular Anti-Age face care, and Eucerin’s VOLUME-FILLER - made significant
contributions to the positive trend in financial year 2013.

The reorganization of the Research and Development unit, a key focus of our
strategic activities in the year under review, has been successfully completed.
The new Research and Development model is no longer structured to reflect
broad procedural stages but is aligned with our six core categories - Body, Face,
Sun, Men, Deo, and Shower. This ensures that innovations are focused even
more strongly on consumer expectations, allowing us to optimally leverage
existing potential, increase our innovative power, and exploit our competitive
advantages.

CLOSEST TO MARKETS

We continued to push forward with the expansion of our global development
and production capacities in 2013. The regional development lab for the Latin
American market was constructed in Silao, Mexico, and is scheduled to become
fully operational in mid-2014 as well as the production facility. The development
lab for the Far East region in Wuhan, China, was also expanded further. Our re-
gional development activities aim to get closer to consumers in the emerging
markets by local adaptions. In India Beiersdorf will invest more than €30 million
in constructing a production facility that is scheduled to start operations in 2015
with around 300 employees. Beiersdorf intends to use local products to consol-
idate its position on the rapidly growing Indian market and to gain market share.

19

SPEED AND EFFICIENCY

Improving the company’s efficiency and speed leads to a sustainable increase in
its growth and earnings power. For example, concentrating the marketing
budget on initiatives with a broad reach significantly improves the efficiency of
our marketing spend without increasing costs. Beiersdorf works continually to
make processes more efficient, speed up decisions, and optimize cost struc-
tures.

DEDICATED EMPLOYEES

Dedicated employees are a critical success factor when it comes to preserving
long-term competitiveness and innovation in a globalized world. In line with our
Blue Agenda, our corporate culture now concentrates more strongly on a clear
focus, entrepreneurship, and a performance-driven approach. Attractive career
development programs and locations, flexible working models, and a unique
corporate culture are increasingly important means of attracting talent and re-
inforcing long-term ties with the company. Since Beiersdorf is a global company,
diversity is a crucial competitive factor. Among other things, we are working
hard to provide support for women in the form of mentoring and networking
programs and to offer flexible working conditions for mothers and fathers. In
addition, Beiersdorf is focusing on ensuring a more internationalized workforce.

tesa Business Segment

INNOVATIVE PRODUCT SOLUTIONS

The tesa Business Segment is an independent part of the Beiersdorf Group that
develops, produces, and markets self-adhesive products and system solutions
for industry, craft businesses, and consumers. Consistently high quality, ex-
tremely innovative thinking, and the use of state-of-the-art technology are core
elements of its brand philosophy and strategy.

tesa focuses primarily on developing effective solutions and high-quality prod-
ucts for a wide cross-section of customer groups. In its industrial business, tesa
primarily provides system solutions for companies in the automotive, electronics,
printing and paper, and construction industries. In the electrical industry, tesa
adhesive systems are used in particular in mobile devices such as smartphones,
tablet PCs, and MP3 players.

tesa Labtec GmbH specializes in the forward-looking Pharma business area. The
affiliate develops and produces transdermal systems, also called pharmaceuti-
cal plasters, for the pharmaceutical industry. It also focuses on medicated oral
films that dissolve in the mouth without the need for additional fluids.

tesa offers specialist dealers a constantly expanding product range that is con-
tinuously optimized and adapted to meet the changing needs of customers in
crafts businesses, such as building.

The tesa umbrella brand provides consumers in Europe and Latin America with
a comprehensive range of innovative products for use in the home, office, and
garden. In addition to the classic tesafilm adhesive tape, these include innova-
tive solutions for insulation, painting and masking, repairing, packaging, and
mounting, as well as household insect protection products.


--- Page 3 ---

20

In the Craftsmen business area, tesa focuses on customized ranges and market-
ing concepts for professional craftsmen, such as painters and varnishers.

tesa’s international industrial business is concentrating on expanding its global
structures, so as to offer customers everywhere optimum solutions and first-
rate service. tesa is systematically expanding its business in the markets of
Europe and Latin America so as to be able to offer distribution partners a range
of products tailored to their needs.

Highly qualified employees and ongoing business process optimization enable
tesa to respond quickly and flexibly to market changes, to design new solutions
to problems, and develop needs-based products. Knowledge of production
processes, the analysis of current industry trends, and its wide range of high-
quality, market-driven products offer tesa competitive advantages, ensuring its
success.

Management and Control

The Executive Board manages the company and is dedicated to sustainably in-
creasing its value. In addition to the functional areas of responsibility within the
Executive Board - Finance, Human Resources, and Supply Chain, and Consumer
Brands, Pharmacy, and R&D - there are regional areas of responsibility. This re-
gional allocation of responsibilities is a key factor in ensuring the Executive
Board is closely involved in the company’s operational business. The Chairman
of the Executive Board is responsible at an overarching level for corporate de-
velopment, corporate communications, the internal audit function, and sustain-
ability. The tesa Business Segment is managed as an independent subgroup.

Information on the remuneration of the Executive Board and the Supervisory
Board as well as on incentive and bonus systems is provided in the Remunera-
tion Report, which forms part of the Group Management Report. The Corporate
Governance Statement in accordance with § 289a Handelsgesetzbuch (German
Commercial Code, HGB) has been made publicly available on the company’s
website at
Additional information regarding management and control, the general manage-
ment structure, and the Declaration of Compliance in accordance with § 161
Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG) is also provided in the
Corporate Governance Report.

WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/CORPORATE_GOVERNANCE_STATEMENT.

Value Management and Performance

Management System

The goal of Beiersdorf’s business activities is to sustainably increase the com-
pany’s market share by achieving qualitative growth and at the same time to
expand its earnings base. The long-term key performance indicators - sales
growth in conjunction with market share, EBIT, and the EBIT margin (the ratio of
EBIT to sales) - are derived from this. The goal is to generate internationally
competitive returns through systematic cost management and the highly effi-
cient use of resources.

The company has created an efficient management system in order to meet
these strategic goals. Corporate management derives the business perfor-
mance targets for the individual units in the Group for the coming year from the
Group's strategic business goals. This planning covers all segments and affili-
ates. Generally, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board formally adopt the
Group's planning for the following year in the fall.

Actual key performance indicators are compared with target values and with
the current forecast for the year as a whole at regular intervals during the fiscal
year. These comparisons are used to manage the business in line with the objec-
tives.

The tesa Business Segment forms a separate, independent unit within the
Group. It is also managed on the basis of sales growth, the operating result
(EBIT), and the EBIT margin.

Economic Environment

General Economic Situation

Global growth was positive in 2013, though it remained down on the previous
year. While parts of the eurozone moved out of recession, growth in emerging
markets and developing countries was somewhat more modest than in previous
years.

GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

2.8

1.91.9

a EUI7
D H USA
0.6704

Japan

previous year
mi current year

CONSUMER SPENDING (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

0.8 0.9

Japan

D i USA

previous year
current year

*Commerzbank Research


--- Page 4 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Business and Strategy
Economic Environment

The economy in Europe contracted slightly in 2013. The banking crisis in Cyprus
caused uncertainty at the beginning of the year. The eurozone showed positive
economic growth starting in the second quarter, driven by increased exports,
consumer spending, and capital expenditure. However, these favorable trends
were mitigated by structural adjustments and public sector budget consolida-
tion in many countries - measures that began during the euro and sovereign
debt crisis. As a result, the economies in Southern Europe continued to decline
year-on-year, though more slowly than before. Assessments of the economic
situation by industry, retailers, and service providers increasingly improved
over the course of the year.

The German economy has recovered, recording the strongest growth within the
eurozone. This trend was primarily the result of initial increases in capital spend-
ing and foreign demand flanked by the expansionary monetary policy and low
interest rates.

The economy in the United States grew only slightly in 2013. Growth was driven
mainly by consumer spending, which rose as a result of the positive labor mar-
ket trend. Public spending cuts and the budget dispute in the fall depressed
growth.

In Japan, a change in monetary policy led to growth in particular in the first half
of 2013. The weak yen also fueled rising exports, and thus positive economic de-
velopment. The growing budget deficit had a negative impact.

Growth in China declined again slightly in 2013 versus the previous year. The
decrease was due to weaker demand for Chinese products abroad and uncer-
tainty relating to the Chinese central bank’s tighter monetary policy.

The situation in the other emerging markets was mixed. Growth was flat com-
pared with the previous year in India and declined in most of the remaining
emerging markets in Southeast Asia. Brazil saw muted growth in 2013. Although
investments in connection with the soccer World Cup lent strong positive
momentum, unemployment rose and the rise in consumer spending slowed.
Growth in Russia was also weak, as consumer spending in particular - which has
been strong in recent years - eased.

INFLATION RATE (IN %)*
Change versus previous year

2.5
2.0 21
15 14 15
0.2
| | | 0.0 =
D EUI7 USA Japan

previous year
mi current year

* Commerzbank Research

21

Sales Market Trends

The growth rate in the cosmetics market relevant for Beiersdorf was up slightly
on the prior year in 2013 at a global level. The Asia, Middle East, and Latin
America regions were the main growth drivers. However, growth in the Latin
American markets was down significantly on the prior-year figure. The saturated
markets in Western Europe and North America saw only slight growth year-on-
year. The effects of the weak economy and the associated poor consumer sen-
timent were felt in the Southern European markets in particular.

Global industrial sales markets grew in 2013. China remained the growth driver,
seeing a consistent increase in industrial production. Europe was dominated by
what was still a relatively weak first half of the year, but has seen clear momen-
tum since mid-year. The same applies to the Southern European countries that
were particularly hard-hit by the euro and sovereign debt crisis. North and Latin
America recorded robust growth in the industrial sales markets.

Procurement Market Trends

In 2013, global procurement markets were impacted by the euro and sovereign
debt crisis as well as by the weakened global economy, which affected the United
States and China in particular. The price of oil was relatively stable in 2013, but
remained at the high level of USD 105 per barrel. This was due in part to the con-
tinued unstable political situation in the Near and Middle East. Increases in raw
materials prices were more moderate than expected in 2013 despite highly vol-
atile availability and price trends on the markets for specific raw materials that
are used in a large number of our products. We continued to ensure raw mate-
rials security at our production facilities in 2013 by engaging in forward-looking
primary materials management and by establishing additional alternative
sources of supply.

The Economic Situation - Summary

In the Consumer Business Segment, the strong growth rates recorded by the
cosmetics markets in Asia and Latin America in particular contributed to the
healthy overall performance. Sales in the saturated cosmetics markets of Ger-
many and parts of Western Europe also recorded encouraging growth. The tesa
Business Segment once again lifted sales both in the industrial markets and in
the consumer business.


--- Page 5 ---

22

Results of Operations - Group

Results of Operations, Net Assets, and

Financial Position

INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

2012 2013 % change
Sales 6,040 6,141 17
Cost of goods sold -2,217 -2,255 17
Gross profit 3,823 3,886 17
Marketing and selling expenses -2,539 -2,605 2.6
Research and development expenses -159 -154 -3.3
General and administrative expenses -311 -312 0.3
Other operating result (excluding special factors) -79 -1 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) 735 814 10.7
Special factors -37 6 -
Operating result (EBIT) 698 820 174
Financial result* 15 -5 -
Profit before tax" 713 815 15.0
Income taxes* -259 -272 5.4
Profit after tax*

Percentage changes are calculated based on thousands of euros.
“The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the retrospective application of IAS 19 (2011).

454 543 20.5

See the disclosures in the section entitled “Changes in Accounting Policies” of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

SALES

Organic Group sales in 2013 were up 7.2% on the prior-year figure. The Consumer
Business Segment grew by 7.0%, while tesa generated a sales increase of 8.5%.
Nominal Group sales rose by 1.7% as against the previous year, to €6,141 million
(previous year: €6,040 million).

In Europe, organic sales were up 1.1% on the prior year. Nominal sales amounted
to €3,390 million (previous year: €3,417 million**), 0.8% lower than the prior-
year figure.

In the Americas region, organic sales in Latin America again achieved double-
digit growth rates. Overall, organic growth in the Americas amounted to 9.0%.
Nominal sales decreased by 4.9% to €1,092 million (previous year: €1,149 million).

The Africa/Asia/Australia region reported organic growth of 19.8%. In nominal
terms, growth of 12.5% to €1,659 million was achieved (previous year: €1,474
million**).

EXPENSES/OTHER OPERATING RESULT

Cost of goods sold rose by 1.7%, and hence in proportion to sales. Marketing and
selling expenses rose disproportionately to sales, to €2,605 million (previous
year: €2,539 million). Spending on advertising, trade marketing, and similar
items contained in this heading amounted to €1,495 million (previous year:
€1,460 million). Research and development expenses amounted to €154 million,
down 3.3% on the previous year (€159 million). General and administrative
expenses rose to €312 million (previous year: €311 million). The other operating
result (excluding special factors) amounted to €-1 million (previous year:
€-79 million).

OPERATING RESULT (EBIT, EXCLUDING SPECIAL FACTORS)

The Beiersdorf Group's results of operations are determined on the basis of the
operating result (EBIT) excluding special factors. This figure is not part of IFRSs
and should be treated merely as voluntary additional information. The special
factors listed are one-time, non-operating transactions.

GROUP SALES (IN € MILLION)

5,571 5,633 6,040 6,141

2010 2011 2012 2013

GROUP SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/ Australia

27.0
Europe
55.2
Americas
17.8

**The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the reclassification of the Turkish affiliate from Western Europe to A/A/A.


--- Page 6 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 23

EBIT excluding special factors rose to €814 million (previous year: €735 million),
while the EBIT margin was 13.2% (previous year: 12.2%). In the Consumer Busi-
ness Segment, EBIT excluding special factors amounted to €638 million (previ-
ous year: €606 million), while the EBIT margin was 12.5% (previous year: 12.0%).
EBIT in the tesa Business Segment rose from €129 million in 2012 to €176 million
in the past fiscal year; the EBIT margin was 16.9% (previous year: 13.0%).

The Group operating result before special factors in Europe was €542 million
(previous year: €562 million**). The EBIT margin was 16.0% (previous year:
16.5%**). The operating result before special factors in the Americas was
€82 million (previous year: €78 million), while the EBIT margin was 7.5% (previ-
ous year: 6.8%).

In Africa/Asia/Australia, EBIT excluding special factors amounted to €190 mil-
lion (previous year: €95 million**). The EBIT margin was 11.5% (previous year:
6.4%").

SPECIAL FACTORS

Special factors of €6 million (previous year: €-37 million) related to both busi-
ness segments in 2013. In the Consumer Business Segment, expenses of €12 mil-
lion were incurred as part of the realignment of corporate structures and pro-

cesses, mainly resulting from the reorganization of the business in China. In the
tesa Business Segment, income of €18 million was generated in 2013 in connec-
tion with the closure of a production facility in Singapore. Special factors in the
previous year related exclusively to the Consumer Business Segment and con-
sisted of expenses incurred in the course of the realignment of corporate struc-
tures and processes (€24 million), an expense resulting from the acquisition in
full of our Turkish affiliate (€6 million), and an impairment loss on the Chinese
hair care brands (€7 million).

OPERATING RESULT (EBIT)
EBIT rose to €820 million (previous year: €698 million). This corresponds to an
EBIT margin of 13.4% (previous year: 11.6%).

FINANCIAL RESULT

The financial result amounted to €-5 million (previous year: €15 million*). The
main reasons for the change were declining interest income, higher interest ex-
penses for pension provisions, and lower net income from investments.

INCOME TAXES
Income taxes amounted to €272 million (previous year: €259 million*). The tax
rate was 33.4% (previous year: 36.4%").

RECONCILIATION TO EBIT EXCLUDING SPECIAL FACTORS

in € million in % of sales
Group
Operating result (EBIT) for 2013 820 13.4
Special factors included in the other operating result 6 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2013 814 13.2
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2012 735 12.2
Consumer
Operating result (EBIT) for 2013 626 12.3
Special factors included in the other operating result -12 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2013 638 12.5
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2012 606 12.0
tesa
Operating result (EBIT) for 2013 194 18.7
Special factors included in the other operating result 18 -
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2013 176 16.9
Operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) for 2012 129 13.0

GROUP EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

699 646 735 814

2010 2011 2012 2013

GROUP PROFIT AFTER TAX (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

425 434 480 537

2010 2011 2012* 2013

*The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the retrospective application of IAS 19 (2011).

See the disclosures in the section entitled “Changes in Accounting Policies” of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
**The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the reclassification of the Turkish affiliate from Western Europe to A/A/A.


--- Page 7 ---

24

PROFIT AFTER TAX

Profit after tax increased to €543 million (previous year: €454 million"); the re-
turn on sales after tax was 8.8% (previous year: 7.5%). Excluding special factors,
profit after tax amounted to €537 million (previous year: €480 million*). The
corresponding return on sales after tax was 8.7% (previous year: 8.0%").

Results of Operations - Business Segments
CONSUMER

EARNINGS PER SHARE - DIVIDENDS

Earnings per share amounted to €2.35 (previous year: €1.96*). Excluding spe-
cial factors, earnings per share amounted to €2.33 (previous year: €2.08").
These figures were calculated on the basis of the weighted number of shares
carrying dividend rights (226,818,984). The Executive Board and Supervisory
Board will propose a dividend of €0.70 per no-par-value share carrying dividend
rights to the Annual General Meeting (previous year: €0.70). For further infor-
mation on the number, type, and notional value of the shares, please refer to the
section 18 “Share Capital” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

SALES - CONSUMER BUSINESS SEGMENT

Europe Americas Africa /Asia / Australia Total
Sales 2013 Cin € million) 2,787 950 1,366 5,103
Sales 2012°* Cin € million) 2,807 1,012 1,229 5,048
Change (organic) (in %) 0.9 9.0 19.0 7.0
Change (nominal) Cin %) -0.7 -6.1 11.1 11

Sales by the Consumer Business Segment grew organically by 7.0% in 2013. The
strong euro led to a reduction of 6.1 percentage points in this figure as a result
of negative effects from currency translation. Structural changes, which were
primarily the result of the acquisition of the Turkish affiliate in the previous year,
boosted growth by 0.2 percentage points. In nominal terms, sales therefore in-
creased by 1.1% to €5,103 million (previous year: €5,048 million).

The healthy organic sales trend is proof of the systematic implementation of our
corporate strategy as manifested in our internal Blue Agenda program. We in-
creased our market share in both the saturated markets of Europe and the
emerging markets and achieved double-digit growth rates in some cases,
thanks to strong innovations and outstanding marketing concepts. Our three
core brands - NIVEA, Eucerin, and La Prairie - achieved very encouraging
growth rates.

NIVEA achieved organic growth of 7.5% worldwide in 2013. The key growth
drivers were NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Body, and NIVEA Sun. In the NIVEA Deo cate-
gory, the launch of Stress Protect was particularly successful. This category was
also boosted by strong growth in the emerging markets. Growth by NIVEA Body

came from the successful launch of In-Shower as well as the complete category
relaunch. The launch of Protect & Refresh Spray was a significant growth driver
for NIVEA Sun. NIVEA Face also contributed to NIVEA’s growth, with the launch
of Cellular Anti-Age.

Our Eucerin brand generated strong organic growth of 11.5%, thanks in particu-
lar to the launch of Eucerin VOLUME FILLER and the development of Eucerin
Even Skin. Sales growth in the USA, Latin America, and Scandinavia was particu-
larly strong.

In the exclusive cosmetics segment, our La Prairie brand recorded an organic
increase in sales of 7.5%. The Caviar Collection, with its strong core product
portfolio and the launches of Skin Caviar Luxe Sleep Mask and Skin Caviar Luxe
Soufflé Body Cream made a particular contribution to this growth. The White
Caviar Collection was another key growth driver, with four new products. Sales
growth in China and Russia was particularly strong.

EBIT was €638 million (previous year: €606 million), while the EBIT margin rose
to 12.5% (previous year: 12.0%).

CONSUMER SALES (IN € MILLION)

4,698 4,696 5,048 5,103

2010 2011 2012 2013

CONSUMER EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

599 537 606 638

2010 2011 2012 2013

*The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the retrospective application of IAS 19 (2011).

See the disclosures in the section entitled “Changes in Accounting Policies” of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
**The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the reclassification of the Turkish affiliate from Western Europe to A/A/A.


--- Page 8 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 25

EUROPE

CONSUMER SALES IN EUROPE

Western Europe Total

2,196 591

Eastern Europe

Sales 2013 (in € million) 2,787
Sales 2012" (in € million) 2,196 611 2,807
Change (organic) in) 1.2 -0.4 0.9
Change (nominal) in) 0.0 -3.3 -0.7

“The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the reclassification of the Turkish affiliate from Western Europe to A/A/A.

Organic sales in Europe were up 0.9% on the previous year. In nominal terms,
sales declined by 0.7% to €2,787 million (previous year: €2,807 million).

Sales in Western Europe rose 1.2% on the prior year. Significant sales growth
was achieved in the United Kingdom and Spain in particular. Sales also per-
formed well in Germany. This was primarily due to successful innovations. The
markets of Southern Europe saw the first signs of a slight economic recovery.

AMERICAS

Encouraging sales growth was seen for NIVEA Body and NIVEA Sun, while
Eucerin recorded strong growth.

Sales in Eastern Europe declined by 0.4%. Sales in Poland were on a level with
the previous year, while Russia failed to match the prior-year sales figure due to
the overall market downturn. However, we did further expand our market posi-
tion in Russia. Eucerin saw extremely strong growth in the region.

CONSUMER SALES IN THE AMERICAS

North America
334 616

Latin America Total

Sales 2013 (in € million) 950
Sales 2012 (in € million) 331 681 1,012
Change (organic) in) 4.6 114 9.0
Change (nominal) (in) 11 -9.6 6.1

Organic sales in the Americas region rose by 9.0%. At €950 million, nominal
sales were down 6.1% on the previous year (€1,012 million), largely due to ex-
change rate changes for the Brazilian real, the Argentinean peso, and the Vene-
Zuelan bolivar.

Sales in North America were up 4.6% on the previous year. NIVEA Shower per-
formed well, while Eucerin saw extremely strong growth.

Latin America saw sales growth of 11.4%, driven by excellent growth rates in
Brazil and strong increases in most other key markets. NIVEA Deo, NIVEA Body,
and NIVEA Sun in particular performed extremely well across all markets. Eucerin
also saw very strong growth.

CONSUMER SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/Australia

26.8
Europe
54.6
Americas
18.6

CONSUMER SALES IN EUROPE (IN € MILLION)

2,855 2,792 2,807 2,787

2010 2011 2012* 2013

“The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the reclassification of the Turkish affiliate from Western Europe to A/A/A.


--- Page 9 ---

26

AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA

CONSUMER SALES IN AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA

Total

Sales 2013 Cin € million) 1,366
Sales 2012° Cin € million) 1,229
Change (organic) (in %) 19.0
Change (nominal) Cin %) 11.1

* The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the reclassification of the Turkish affiliate from Western Europe to A/A/A.

The Africa/Asia/Australia region recorded a 19.0% increase in organic sales.
The nominal increase was 11.1%, largely due to exchange rate changes of the
Japanese yen and the Indian rupee. Sales amounted to €1,366 million (previous
year: €1,229 million).

China, India, and Japan turned in very good performances, and most other key
markets also generated good or extremely good growth rates. Growth in China

tesa

resulted particularly from the successful relaunch of our Chinese hair care
brands, SLEK and Maestro, and NIVEA’s strong performance. In particular, sales
of NIVEA Deo and NIVEA Body increased across all markets. Eucerin also saw
extremely good growth.

SALES - tesa BUSINESS SEGMENT

Europe Americas Africa /Asia / Australia Total
Sales 2013 Cin € million) 603 142 293 1,038
Sales 2012 Cin € million) 610 137 245 992
Change (organic) (in %) 21 9.0 23.8 8.5
Change (nominal) Cin %) -11 3.8 19.4 47

Organic sales by the tesa Business Segment were up 8.5% on the previous year.
Exchange rate effects depressed this figure by 2.3 percentage points. Struc-
tural changes resulting from the sale of tesa Bandfix AG in the previous year re-
duced growth by 1.5 percentage points. In nominal terms, sales therefore rose
by 4.7% to €1,038 million (previous year: €992 million). EBIT increased to
€176 million (previous year: €129 million). The EBIT margin was 16.9% (previous
year: 13.0%).

tesa INDUSTRIAL BUSINESS

The industrial business again performed very well, with organic sales growth of
11.0%. Both the direct customer business and the distribution business in all re-
gions played a role in this. Business growth was particularly brisk in Asia and in

the USA, again driven by the electronics and automotive industries. In nominal
terms, sales declined by 0.3% to €764 million (previous year: €766 million) due
to a business area being transferred to the consumer business. As a result, the
share of the tesa Business Segment'’s total sales accounted for by the industrial
business decreased to 73.6% (previous year: 76.6%).

In the electronics industry business, we built on last year’s success with special
foam tapes, which are used to secure smartphone displays. An additional focus
was on optically clear films, which are used to assemble the various layers with-
in the displays. We manufacture these sophisticated products in the clean room
unit of our Hamburg factory. Other successful products in this segment include
electrically conductive adhesive tapes, which are used to conduct away the

CONSUMER SALES IN THE AMERICAS (IN € MILLION)

824 875 1,012 950

2010 2011 2012 2013

CONSUMER SALES IN AFRICA/ASIA/AUSTRALIA (IN € MILLION)

1,019 1,029 1,229 1,366

2010 2011 2012* 2013

* The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the reclassification of the Turkish affiliate from Western Europe to A/A/A.


--- Page 10 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 27

electric charge produced in these devices, as well as adhesive tapes for mount-
ing and removing battery packs that can be removed without leaving a residue.

In the automotive area, the introduction of innovative security labels allowing
individual vehicles to be reliably identified was successful. The new system is
primarily geared towards the strict statutory requirements in China. Particularly
flexible adhesive tapes with very high adhesive strength for mounting cables in
vehicle headliners were also very well received. The new products simplify the
production process by replacing the more laborious use of liquid hot-melt adhe-
sives. Around the world, we launched new, solvent-free coated fabric tapes for
bundling and mounting wire harnesses. These new products meet the increas-
ing requirements of the automotive industry for environmentally sustainable
materials.

With regard to products for the printing industry, sales of a new variety of spe-
cial foam tapes for flexographic printing performed very well. These softprint
products are used to secure the plates to the plate cylinder. Our innovation en-
sures the edges are secured particularly soundly, preventing the plates from
coming loose at these critical points during printing.

In our new Pharma business area, we finished work on establishing the produc-
tion infrastructure. We implemented a comprehensive quality management
system that meets the demanding requirements of both the European Union
and the FDA, the US regulatory authority. We began manufacturing and deliver-
ing the first marketable products on schedule in the second half of the fiscal
year. At the same time, we expanded our portfolio of contract development
projects for more well-known customers.

Our anti-counterfeiting and anti-tampering solutions business, which is bundled
in the tesa scribos business area, again performed well. PrioSpot® brought us
additional customers from the consumer goods and technology industries.

The Building Supply business area again saw considerable growth in products
based on our new, patented ACX technology. The focus is on high-performance,
weather-resistant, and particularly durable bonding solutions that can be used
by the building and construction industry both indoors and outdoors.

tesa CONSUMER BUSINESS

The consumer products and professional craftsmen businesses, which are fo-
cused on Europe and Latin America, performed positively. Organic sales grew
by 1.0%. Nominal sales rose by 31.2%, from €189 million in the previous year to
€248 million, due to the transfer of a business area from the industrial business.
The consumer business contributed 23.9% (previous year: 18.9%) of total sales
by the tesa Business Segment in the period under review.

We expanded our market share in the two strategic business areas that make up
the consumer business - home improvement solutions and products for the of-
fice supplies and stationery sector - as well as in the Craftsmen business. Both
product innovations and marketing activities, which are increasingly focusing on
consumers in addition to specialist retailers, contributed to this. We recorded
disproportionately strong growth in Eastern Europe and France.

tesa SALES BY REGION (IN %)

Africa/Asia/ Australia

28.2
Europe
58.1
Americas
13.7

tesa SALES (IN € MILLION)

873 937 992 1,038

2010 2011 2012 2013

tesa EBIT (IN € MILLION)
Excluding special factors

100 109 129 176

2010 2011 2012 2013



--- Page 11 ---

28

Net Assets - Group

NET ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

Assets Dec. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2013
Non-current assets* 1,717 1,900
Inventories 734 733
Other current assets* 2,311 2,181
Cash and cash equivalents 834 984

5,596 5,798
Equity and liabilities Dec. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2013
Equity* 3,143 3,405
Non-current provisions* 471 470
Non-current liabilities* 141 142
Current provisions 506 527
Current liabilities 1,335 1,254

5,596 5,798

* The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the retrospective application of IAS 19 (2011),

See the disclosures in the section entitled “Changes in Accounting Policies” of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Non-current assets increased by €183 million as against the prior-year figure
to €1,900 million (previous year: €1,717 million). Long-term securities were re-
classified due to shorter maturities and new purchases were made. Capital
expenditure on property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets amounted
to €227 million (previous year: €193 million). Of this amount, €147 million (pre-
vious year: €148 million) was attributable to the Consumer Business Segment
and €80 million (previous year: €45 million) to the tesa Business Segment. The
change is mainly attributable to investment in the Consumer Business Seg-
ment’s new factory in Mexico and tesa’s new headquarters near Hamburg.
Depreciation, amortization, and impairment losses amounted to €106 million
(previous year: €130 million). In addition, impairment losses of €15 million were
recognized in the previous year on the goodwill of EBC (Turkey) and of €7 mil-
lion on the Chinese hair care brands. At €733 million, inventories remained ona
level with the previous year (€734 million). Other current assets decreased to
€2,181 million (previous year: €2,311 million). This item includes short-term secu-
rities of €791 million (previous year: €926 million), which declined by €135 mil-
lion as against the prior year. Trade receivables, which are also contained in the
current assets item, rose by €38 million to €1,102 million (previous year:
€1,064 million).

Cash and cash equivalents rose to €984 million (previous year: €834 million).
Net liquidity (cash, cash equivalents, and long- and short-term securities less
current liabilities to banks) increased to €2,529 million (previous year: €2,436
million). Current liabilities to banks rose by €19 million year-on-year and
amounted to €40 million (previous year: €21 million).

At €612 million, total non-current provisions and liabilities were unchanged as
against the prior-year figure (€612 million). Total current provisions and liabili-
ties decreased by €60 million to €1,781 million (previous year: €1,841 million) as
a result of a decline in trade payables due to operational factors. The equity ratio
was 59% (previous year: 56%). The share of non-current liabilities amounted to
10% (previous year: 11%) and the share of current liabilities to 31% (previous
year: 33%).

FINANCING STRUCTURE (IN %)*

56

2

59

2D

33
EE
10 31
a

mmm Equity Non-current liabilities mam Current liabilities

“The prior-year figures have been adjusted due to the retrospective application of |AS 19 (2011).

See the disclosures in the section entitled “Changes in Accounting Policies” of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.


--- Page 12 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 29

Financial Position - Group

CASH FLOW STATEMENT - GROUP (IN € MILLION)

2012 2013
Gross cash flow 545, 648
Change in working capital -25 -119
Net cash flow from operating activities 520 529
Net cash flow from investing activities 382 -139
Free cash flow 138 390
Net cash flow from financing activities -243 -195
Other changes. -2 -45
Net change in cash and cash equivalents -107 150
Cash and cash equivalents as of Jan. 1 941 834
Cash and cash equivalents as of Dec. 31 834 984

Gross cash flow amounted to €648 million in the period under review, up
€103 million on the prior-year value.

The change in working capital led to an outflow of €119 million (previous
year: €25 million). This comprised the €53 million increase in receivables and
other assets and the €67 million decrease in trade payables and current provi-
sions. Inventories were ona level with the previous year.

The net cash outflow from investing activities amounted to €139 million in the
period under review (previous year: €382 million). Net cash inflows of €37 mil-
lion from securities, €37 million in interest and other financial income received,
and proceeds of €14 million from the sale of property, plant, and equipment,
and intangible assets were offset by capital expenditure of €227 million for
property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets.

Free cash flow was €390 million, up €252 million on the prior-year value (€138
million). The net cash outflow of €195 million from financing activities (previous
year: €243 million) mainly comprised the Beiersdorf AG dividend payment of
€159 million, and interest and other financing expenses paid in the total amount
of €53 million.

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €984 million (previous year: €834 mil-
lion).

Financing and Liquidity Provision

The primary goal of financial management at Beiersdorf is to safeguard liquidi-
ty. The type and volume of transactions are in line with the Group’s basic oper-
ating and financial business. Scenarios and rolling 12-month cash flow planning
are used to establish liquidity requirements.

Overall Assessment of the Group’s Economic

Position

Business developments in 2013 show that Beiersdorf is on the right track. The
Group’s two business segments performed extremely well. Both the Consumer
Business Segment and the tesa Business Segment recorded encouraging
growth rates. Group sales amounted to €6,141 million (previous year: €6,040 mil-
lion). Our organic sales were up 7.2% on 2012. Group EBIT increased to €820 mil-
lion (previous year: €698 million). After adjustment for special factors, EBIT was
€814 million (previous year: €735 million). Excluding special factors, the EBIT
margin was 13.2% (previous year: 12.2%).

The Consumer Business Segment made successful progress thanks to the sys-
tematic implementation of the corporate strategy, which is based on our Blue
Agenda. This strategic compass aims to make Beiersdorf more competitive and
enhance its economic success. Its success can be seen particularly in the perfor-
mance recorded by the emerging markets and the launch of new, high-selling
products.

The tesa Business Segment once again lifted sales both in the industrial markets
and in the consumer business.

COMPARISON OF ACTUAL AND FORECAST BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

Forecast for 2013
in 2012 Annual Report

Sales growth (organic)

Forecast for 2013 Forecast for 2013
in H1 2013 Report in 9M 2013 Report Result in 2013

Consumer (in %) above market 5-6 6-7 7.0

tesa (in%) slightly above market 4-5 6-7 8.5

Group (in %) above market 5-6 6-7 7.2
EBIT margin (excluding special factors)

Consumer (in %) further increase above 12 above 12 12.5

tesa (in%) slight improvement approx. 14 approx. 16 16.9

Group (in %) further increase 12-13 approx. 13 13.2



--- Page 13 ---

30

The healthy sales growth of 7.0% in the Consumer Business Segment clearly
exceeded the original forecast for fiscal year 2013. The expansion of our impact
and presence in the emerging markets, where our progress was faster than
expected, was a particular contributing factor. In addition, our expectations
regarding the market success of our innovations in 2013 were exceeded. The
operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) and the EBIT margin both in-
creased in fiscal year 2013, as forecast.

The tesa Business Segment again recorded a positive performance in the past
fiscal year. With sales growth of 8.5%, tesa outperformed the forecasts, due in
particular to the healthy trend in the automotive and electronics growth mar-
kets. Expectations for the operating result (EBIT, excluding special factors) and
the EBIT margin were exceeded in fiscal year 2013.

Judgments by Management

With the exception of the initial application of IAS 19 (2011), no accounting poli-
cies were applied and no related options were exercised in the consolidated
financial statements that differ from those in prior years and that, if applied or
exercised differently, would have had a material effect on the results of opera-
tions, net assets, and financial position. Information on the effects of the use of
estimates, assumptions, and judgments by management can be found in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Research and Development

Beiersdorf’s expertise in the area of research and development has been driving
the company’s success for more than 130 years.

The Consumer Business Segment develops innovative products that are tailored
to meet the individual wishes and needs of consumers worldwide. Beiersdorf
products offer compelling quality, effectiveness, and excellent tolerability.

The tesa Business Segment develops and markets innovative, high-quality self-
adhesive system and product solutions, making it a world leader in its field.

990 people were employed in the Research and Development area worldwide
at the end of 2013 (previous year: 965), 554 (previous year: 528) of whom were
in the Consumer Business Segment and 436 (previous year: 437) in the tesa
Business Segment.

Consumer

IN-DEPTH EXPERTISE IN SKIN CARE RESEARCH

Beiersdorf is known throughout the world for its leading-edge skin care exper-
tise. Beiersdorf’s scientists work continually to enhance their knowledge of the
complex processes taking place in the skin. In addition, they make use of the
latest scientific discoveries and also gain important new insights from collabo-
rating with external partners. In the year under review, the Research and Devel-
opment area focused on the complex processes involved in skin aging and on
finding better approaches to this issue. How skin ages depends on an extremely
wide range of factors. It is critical to find out which factors have a causative in-
fluence on the aging process and which are merely secondary. Beiersdorf is per-
forming in-depth research into why the abilities of the epidermis and connective
tissue to regenerate and repair themselves decline during the aging process.

For example, it has developed a method of demonstrating the core damage
caused directly by sunlight to the DNA of epidermal stem cells. In addition to
looking at epidermal stem cells, Beiersdorf researchers also studied dermal
stem cells. They found a specific cluster of these cells, which are critical to skin
regeneration, located in the vicinity of the capillaries, the number of which also
declines during the aging process. This enhanced the researchers’ understand-
ing of why the cells in older skin no longer function as efficiently.

Research on connective tissue is critical because this is responsible for wrinkles
and declining elasticity. Such problems are especially common in skin that has
been exposed to light. In aged connective tissue, the regular production and
degradation of the connective tissue fibers collagen and elastin is impaired. Ac-
cording to the latest insights from Beiersdorf’s research team, a specific colla-
gen receptor called Endo 180 is one reason why damaged fibers do not degrade
properly. This receptor is used by connective tissue cells to ensure the uptake of
damaged collagen fragments. Acute or chronic UV damage impairs the function
of Endo 180, which contributes to an excessive accumulation of these frag-
ments.

EXPANDED SCOUTING FOR NEW IDEAS

Beiersdorf’s Research and Development unit has integrated third-party knowl-
edge for many years now. Open Innovation - systematically enhancing colla-
boration through the timely integration of leading research institutions, univer-
sities, and suppliers in Beiersdorf’s international innovation network and its
“Pearlfinder” initiative - is a central component of Beiersdorf’s innovation activ-
ities. The aim is to further enhance Beiersdorf’s innovative potential by integrat-
ing external ideas and solutions. Scouting for new ideas and solutions was ex-
panded in 2013 and is now firmly anchored within the Research and Develop-
ment organization. A number of teams focus on innovations from external
partners and sources. Their coordinated activities and strategies enable the
company to make even more effective use of new ideas from external sources.
This also means systematically looking beyond the boundaries of our own in-
dustry for new and interesting product forms and ingredients.

The “Pearlfinder” Open Innovation initiative was launched back in 2011. It is
based on an online platform where companies, institutions, and scientists from
around the world can collaborate with Beiersdorf in a secure environment on
scientific topics and questions that serve as the basis for forward-looking inno-
vations. A growing number of external innovators are using “Pearlfinder” to
provide their own ideas and solutions to these issues. Increasingly, Beiersdorf is
now working with innovators it did not previously know about.

Additional Open Innovation activities with external innovators were initiated
under the “Pearlfinder” umbrella in fiscal year 2013. These include preparations
for an ideas contest in spring 2014 in cooperation with “in-cosmetics” - the
world’s largest trade fair for cosmetics ingredients. Further information on
“Pearlfinder” can be found at HTTP://PEARLFINDER.BEIERSDORF.COM.

RECOGNIZING AND MEETING CONSUMERS’ NEEDS

When developing new products, the top priority for Beiersdorf researchers is to
meet consumers’ wishes and needs. State-of-the-art consumer research methods
have provided support in this area for over a decade. Based on a method devel-
oped in the past few years, consumers use visual and associative techniques to
communicate the emotions they feel while they are using the products. In addi-
tion, a variety of communication channels are used to gather consumer feed-


--- Page 14 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Results of Operations, Net Assets, and Financial Position 31

Research and Development

back, which then flows into the development process. The resulting data and in-
formation is used to supplement the scientific work when developing new prod-
ucts and adapting them to meet regional conditions and requirements. Before
being launched, all products are tested for safety and optimal effectiveness using
the latest scientific methods. Every year, over 1,300 studies involving approxi-
mately 40,000 participants are conducted to demonstrate effectiveness, deter-
mine tolerability, and improve our understanding of consumer preferences.

EXPANSION OF REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT CENTERS.

No two markets are alike. Beiersdorf continued to drive forward its global re-
search and development activities by expanding its regional development
centers so that it can provide personal care products that are tailored to meet
regional needs to its consumers around the world. The regional lab for the Latin
American market in Silao, Mexico, will be fully operational in mid-2014. In addi-
tion, the lab that opened in 2012 in Wuhan, China, was expanded in the year un-
der review to become a central hub for the Far East region. Its core tasks include
conducting local consumer tests, adapting formulas and packaging solutions,
and regional sourcing. In the USA and Japan, Beiersdorf works to capture and
efficiently implement ideas in the markets there as quickly as possible. By ex-
panding its development labs directly in the regions, Beiersdorf is continuing to
systematically implement its “Closest to Markets” strategic focus and is getting
even closer to its consumers.

INNOVATIONS

The Consumer Business Segment applied for patents for 65 innovations in fiscal
year 2013 (previous year: 87). Beiersdorf launches a constant stream of attrac-
tive new products on the market. Key launches in the period under review in-
cluded the following:

© Beiersdorf researchers have developed an innovative anti-aging formula in
the form of the NIVEA Cellular Anti-Age face care range. This combines the
advantages of effective anti-aging ingredients with very special sensory
properties.

© NIVEA In-Shower is a completely new application system for Beiersdorf body
care products. The result of years of in-depth research and a large number of
consumer studies, it marks another milestone in Beiersdorf’s emulsion tech-
nology. The product is applied to wet skin in the shower and is then rinsed off.
It instantly provides the care of a body lotion without needing to wait for it to
be absorbed. The product range comprises the versions In-Shower Body
Milk, In-Shower Body Lotion, and In-Shower Soft Milk.

© NIVEA SUN Protect & Refresh Spray combines effective protection against
UVA and UVB radiation with a refreshing experience for the skin. The product
offers a dual cooling effect: The aerosol’s evaporative cooling effect and
menthol interact with cold sensors in the skin to create an instantly noticeable,
refreshing effect. The formula is extremely light and rapidly absorbed and,
thanks to the modern aerosol spray, it can be applied upside down, allowing
the user to spray difficult-to-reach patches of skin (such as the back) them-
selves.

© NIVEA MEN Active Age is a new care range designed for men aged 40 and up.
It comprises three products - the Night Regenerator, Day Moisturizer, and
Aftershave Balm. What is particularly innovative about the product range is
that it includes the world’s first night cream for men. The care range moistur-
izes men’s skin for up to 24 hours, reduces wrinkles, enhances firmness, and
protects skin from drying out.

© Beiersdorf research has spent many years intensively investigating the link
between stress and sweating. This research resulted in NIVEA Deodorant
Stress Protect, which has a highly effective combination of two different anti-
perspirant active ingredients, an antibacterial formula, and nurturing avoca-
do oil. Its reliable 48-hour protection against stress-related perspiration and
body odor was scientifically proven in a number of application studies and
the results were published in the International Journal of Cosmetic Science’.

© Eucerin VOLUME-FILLER restores volume to the facial skin. Over time, skin in-
creasingly loses its firmness and elasticity, and its tissue volume declines. The
formula with highly effective magnolol increases the amount and size of
volume-giving cells**, while oligopeptides stimulate the collagen network for
a firmer skin structure**. Hyaluronic acid supplies skin with intensive moisture
and reduces wrinkle depth.

© Eucerin AtopiControl is Eucerin’s first intensive care series for both the epi-
sode-free and acute phases of neurodermatitis. Omega-6 fatty acids from
evening primroses and grapeseed oil stabilize the skin’s protective lipid lay-
er, while Licochalcon A, which is derived from licorice root, soothes reddened
skin. For skin care during acute phases, AtopiControl Acute Care Cream,
which is even suitable for babies’ especially sensitive skin, is the optimal part-
ner product.

© Hansaplast Elastic+ Waterproof is the first plaster that offers the feel and
flexibility of an elastic fabric plaster while protecting wounds against water.
It is based on the innovative Hi-DRY TEX technology with its highly effective
three-ply layering structure. The plaster is comfortable to wear and provides
reliable protection against contact, dirt, and water, allowing wounds to heal
unimpeded.

The La Prairie Group in Zurich, Switzerland, expanded its Skin Caviar Collection
in 2013 to include the products Skin Caviar Luxe Sleep Mask and Luxe Soufflé
Body Cream.

Skin Caviar Luxe Sleep Mask is an intensive care mask that smoothes the skin
during the nightly regeneration phase and replenishes its moisture reserves.
The mask supplies nutrients that help make skin look firmer. The innovative for-
mula improves the texture and lines appear finer.

Skin Caviar Luxe Soufflé Body Cream is an intensive care product for the entire
body that helps improve the skin’s firmness and elasticity, providing deep-down
care. In addition, it strengthens the skin’s moisture barrier, preventing water
loss.

*T. Schmidt-Rose, F. Lehmbeck, A. Birger, B. Windisch, R. Keyhani, and H. Max, “Efficient sweat reduction of three different antiperspirant application forms during stress-induced sweating,”

International Journal of Cosmetic Science 2013 Dec; 35(6):622-631.
**In vitro study.


--- Page 15 ---

32

The La Prairie Group also expanded its anti-aging range to include an Eye and
Lip Contour Cream.

The Anti-Aging Eye and Lip Contour Cream provides intensive, nourishing care
to the area around the eyes and lips, which is low in moisture. The cream fills in
and smoothes lines and fine wrinkles from the inside. Its anti-aging effect is cre-
ated by a large number of substances that supply moisture and nutrients to the
skin.

tesa

SOLVENT-FREE MANUFACTURING PROCESSES

At tesa, research in 2013 remained focused on enhancing solvent-free technol-
ogies for manufacturing particularly high-performance single- and double-sided
adhesive tapes. The technology center developed a process in which even so-
phisticated carrier materials such as tissue and non-woven products can be
coated without the use of solvents.

VALUE-ADDED SPECIAL PRODUCTS

tesa has developed a heat-activated adhesive tape that can conduct electricity
for use in the electronics industry. This can be used to produce particularly
strong electrically conductive bonds for flexible conductor strips in smart-
phones and tablet PCs, for example. Manufacturers are increasingly demanding
bonding solutions for assembling electronic devices that firmly bond compo-
nents while allowing easy and residue-free removal in the case of assembly
errors and repairs, or so that the product can be disposed of in an environmen-
tally responsible way at the end of its life. tesa researchers developed a new
process for this.

As industrial customers’ development processes become shorter, it is increas-
ingly important for new types of adhesive tapes to be ready for series produc-
tion within a very short space of time. This is why tesa is developing new lami-
nation processes that allow all the functional layers of an adhesive tape to be
assembled quickly, flexibly, and particularly firmly. These processes help meet
new requirements in the automotive industry for bonding components to car
bodies.

ADHESIVE MASSES THAT MEET THE HIGHEST REQUIREMENTS
New acrylate adhesive masses are a key element in offering innovative adhesive
tapes for expanded requirement profiles. They are characterized by their par-
ticularly strong hold and by their extremely high resistance to aging, the weather,
and chemicals. In fiscal year 2013, tesa developed highly transparent, pure ad-
hesive masses that flow onto uneven surfaces particularly well. This allows
transparent bonding of 3D components. One example of an application is bond-
ing the printed - and hence uneven - glass displays of smartphones and tablet
PCs.

For more information on Research and Development at Beiersdorf please visit
WWW.BEIERSDORF.COM/RESEARCH.

* excluding Beiersdorf Hair Care China.

Sustainability

For Beiersdorf, “care” is a core value and part of its core business. This encom-
passes not only skin care and protection, but also responsibility towards our fel-
low human beings and our environment. Sustainability is a living component of
our corporate culture and is strategically anchored in all our business process-
es. Beiersdorf’s goal is to continue to combine success and responsibility.

Consumer

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY

The “We care.” sustainability strategy that Beiersdorf developed in 2011 focuses
on three fields of activity: “Products,” “Planet,” and “People.” The company has
defined clear, long-term objectives for each field of activity. By 2020, Beiersdorf
aims to:

© generate 50% of its sales from products with a significantly reduced environ-
mental impact (base year 2011),

© have reduced its CO, emissions by 30% per product sold (base year 2005),
© reach and improve the lives of one million families (base year 2013).

The focus in 2013 was on continuing to roll out this strategy throughout the
company and on implementing projects in all three areas.

PRODUCTS

Beiersdorf has expanded its systematic product lifecycle assessments to addi-
tional product categories so as to improve the integration of sustainability as-
pects in the innovation process. In addition, FSC-certified papers are being suc-
cessively rolled out for all NIVEA folding boxes.

Beiersdorf has made considerable progress towards deploying to sustainable
palm kernel oil. In addition to participating in the Roundtable on Sustainable
Palm Oil (RSPO), the company is also active in the newly formed “Forum fiir
nachhaltiges Palmdl” (the German Forum for Sustainable Palm Oil). By 2020,
Beiersdorf intends to switch the raw materials concerned to segregated or at
least mass balanced palm (kernel) oil and corresponding derivatives. Until the
changeover is complete, Beiersdorf will purchase certificates on the Green Palm
trading platform. In 2013, 100%* of the palm oil and palm kernel oil equivalents
contained in its feedstocks were covered by certificates. In 2014, the first raw
materials will be physically switched to mass balance certified palm kernel oil.

In addition, Beiersdorf has decided to discontinue its use of polyethylene parti-
cles (microparticles, scrub particles) in its care products worldwide as of the
end of 2015. Although the use of this ingredient in skin care is considered harm-
less, extremely skin-friendly, and non-allergenic, it is viewed critically in some
quarters due to the increased incidence of plastic in the world’s oceans. Beiers-
dorf aims to help protect the environment with this precautionary decision in
favor of finding alternatives to plastic particles in skin care products.


--- Page 16 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Research and Development
Sustainability

PLANET

To reach its goal of reducing CO, emissions by 30%, Beiersdorf is systematically
working to significantly increase energy efficiency at all its locations and to
drive forward the use of renewable energies.

Beiersdorf’s factory in Argentona (Spain) installed a photovoltaic facility at the
beginning of 2013. The facility has 480 solar modules with a capacity of up to
170,000 kilowatt-hours; this corresponds to about 10% of the production faci-
lity’s total annual requirements. In addition, Beiersdorf Consumer plans to meet
all its electricity needs in Germany with renewable energy starting in 2016.

Beiersdorf’s “Blue Building” program for constructing and using buildings aims
at sustainably managing the entire lifecycle of its owner-occupied properties
throughout the world. “Blue Building” helps to save energy, conserve resources,
and at the same time to promote a healthy working environment for all em-
ployees.

Beiersdorf’s new production center in Mexico is one of only a few facilities of its
kind in the world to be planned in accordance with the LEED Platinum environ-
mental standard. Compared with other production facilities, the new facility
emits significantly less CO,, consumes less water, and uses resources more effi-
ciently - despite its significantly higher production capacity.

Beiersdorf is also underscoring its social and ecological commitment by build-
ing the new “Troplo-Kids” daycare center in Hamburg, the location of the com-
pany’s headquarters. The new daycare facility, which offers 100 places, will help
improve the work-life balance and is fully compliant with the criteria of the Ger-
man Sustainable Building Council (DGNB).

In addition, Beiersdorf - as in previous years - implemented initiatives for low-
ering CO, emissions along the entire value chain. In 2008, road transports were
switched to rail in Switzerland. In 2013, the concept was applied in Germany.
Now, a significant amount of the volumes transported in the two countries is
handled by rail. Beiersdorf also developed a new logistics concept that optimizes
the use of containers, reduces the number of transports, and hence significantly
lowers CO, emissions and cuts costs.

PEOPLE

Beiersdorf aims to reduce the number of work-related accidents and to continue
to improve workplace safety with its company-wide “zero accidents” policy. For
example, Behavioral Based Safety (BBS) principles have been established to
make employees aware of possible sources of danger and hence develop safe
working practices and optimize workplace safety. These define clear behavior
patterns for avoiding accidents that are expressed in terms of “I will” and “I will
not” rules. The concept will be extended to include additional countries in 2014.

In the year under review, Beiersdorf launched the “NIVEA cares for family” initi-
ative. The latter’s focus on supporting and assisting families is in keeping with
the company’s social traditions and corresponds to the core values of the
Beiersdorf brands - first and foremost NIVEA. The objective of this initiative is
to strengthen families in three areas. Under long-term local projects, children

33

will be given access to social and academic education, among other things, and
mothers will receive individual support. In addition, NIVEA wants to give fami-
lies the opportunity to spend more time with each other. Employees play a lead-
ing role in successfully implementing social responsibility at Beiersdorf. During
the “NIVEA Family Days” held worldwide in December, employees were able to
support local families. The voluntary employee component of the CSR strategy
will be strengthened in the future and expanded to include additional initiatives.

CSR at Hansaplast/Elastoplast focuses on strengthening first aid in everyday
situations. It aims to offer first aid training events in the units’ local regions, in-
creasing the ability to provide first aid if needed. Hansaplast /Elastoplast units
in France, Canada, and the Netherlands have already been successfully working
with their local Red Cross organizations for a long time. This initiative will now
be extended to other countries.

Additional information can be found at wwW.BEIERSDORF.COM/SUSTAINABILITY.

tesa

HIGH LEVEL OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

Since 2001, tesa has been systematically establishing a proprietary environ-
mental management system. It successfully completed the second phase of its
environmental program in 2013 and in fact exceeded its ambitious goals, espe-
cially due to the contributions made by its production locations worldwide. CO,
emissions have been reduced considerably since the program began. In addi-
tion, solvent usage, waste, and emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs)
were cut significantly. Almost all facilities are certified in accordance with ISO
14001, the international environmental standard.

Currently, tesa is working to determine various ecological footprints in the pro-
duction process in order to further enhance its environmental compatibility.
Using the eco-balance method, entire product lifecycles are being analyzed for
their environmental effects - from raw materials extraction through the materi-
als used, the manufacturing and transportation of the products, down to dis-
posal after use. This work can be used, for example, to check whether more
environmentally friendly alternatives for individual product components or
packaging are available. Among other things, the goal is to consistently in-
crease the proportion of recyclable materials used.

SPONSORSHIP OF UNESCO BIOSPHERE RESERVE

In the year under review, tesa intensified the long-term partnership with the
UNESCO biosphere reserve in Lower Saxony’s Elbe valley that it entered into in
2011. tesa employees can take part in a variety of activities, all of which contrib-
ute to maintaining this highly biodiverse, environmentally sensitive floodplain
landscape (corporate volunteering). Following on from the joint plantings in re-
cent years, the reserve planted oak trees on a large scale in 2013 with financial
support from tesa. This is the first step towards establishing a virgin forest typ-
ical of the landscape in the reserve. In addition, a flat water area was created to
underscore the area’s floodplain character, supporting species conservation of
cranes and black storks within the forest. Additional plantings involving em-
ployees are planned for the spring of 2014.


--- Page 17 ---

34

SUCCESSFUL COOPERATION IN SOCIAL PROJECTS

Once again, tesa took part in a large number of social projects in 2013. The com-
pany has entered into a long-term cooperation with nonprofit initiatives whose
offerings are in line with the “tesa Corporate Giving Policy.” These include “Ini-
tiative Mentor - Hamburg e.V.” and the “Chancen fiir Kinder” foundation. tesa’s
affiliates participate in their own projects. For example, tesa employees in
France took part in the “Heroes Race” (Course des Héros) for the fourth time. As
well as the athletic challenge, their aim was to attract additional supporters and
collect donations. All employees were invited to take part in a survey in order to
enhance CSR at tesa. Around 200 of them provided feedback as well as voicing
wishes and suggestions for future projects that would be appropriate for tesa.

All tesa’s activities are documented in an annual report that is available at
WWW.TESA.COM/RESPONSIBILITY.

Employees

SUCCESSFUL TOGETHER

The Beiersdorf Group employed 16,708 people worldwide at the end of 2013
(previous year: 16,605). Of this figure, 5,696 (previous year: 5,697) or 34% (pre-
vious year: 34%) were employed in Germany. At the end of the fiscal year, 12,890
people worked in the Consumer Business Segment (previous year: 12,811). The
tesa Business Segment accounted for 3,818 employees (previous year: 3,794).

Consumer

MOTIVATIONAL WORKING ENVIRONMENT

INCREASES COMMITMENT

Our employees are vital to our success. They manage strong brands, develop
innovations, and enthuse consumers around the world with high-quality prod-
ucts. The Human Resources department's forward-looking activities aim to
support the strategic goals from Beiersdorf’s Blue Agenda.

In the year under review, the following topics addressed by Beiersdorf’s Human
Resources department are particularly worth mentioning:

© encouraging a culture of candid feedback
© fostering creativity through diversity

© enhancing cross-border collaboration

© Integrated Talent Management

In addition, Beiersdorf’s Human Resources department is specifically focused
on fostering motivation and a performance-driven culture. Dedication and en-
thusiasm at work are crucial for long-term corporate success.

OPEN COMMUNICATION STRENGTHENS

EMPLOYEES’ EMOTIONAL TIES

A key means of enhancing Beiersdorf’s corporate culture lies in fostering a cul-
ture of candid and honest feedback. Out of the many initiatives in fiscal year
2013, the introduction of a global feedback process is particularly worth men-
tioning: TEAMVOICE 2013 was the first global employee survey of all Beiersdorf
companies, and was conducted in collaboration with an international market
and opinion research company. A total of 89% of the employees surveyed pro-
vided feedback on the main factors constituting a good working environment.
The survey results are made available in anonymized form within the individual
teams, who discuss them together and use them to derive relevant measures for
the employees concerned. The aim of this dialog is to foster openness and trust
at team level, strengthening long-term employee loyalty.

DIVERSITY FOSTERS CREATIVITY

Beiersdorf is a global company, which means that diversity is not an end in itself,
but a crucial competitive advantage. Diversity fosters creativity: Beiersdorf sys-
tematically promotes diversity in its workforces. In the year under review, the
Human Resources department compiled a global diversity action program with
a key focus on gender and internationalization that contains clear objectives
with regard to employee development and recruitment.

GROUP EMPLOYEES
as of Dec. 31

19,128 17,666 16,605 16,708

2010 2011 2012 2013

EMPLOYEES BY REGION (IN %)
as of Dec. 31; total 16,708 employees

Africa/Asia/Australia

27.5
Europe
59.2
Americas
13.3



--- Page 18 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Sustainability
Employees

For women, mentoring and networking programs were initiated. Creating more
flexible working conditions for both men and women improves the work-life
balance. These measures are already delivering initial results: The percentage of
women in management positions in Germany rose from 22.5% at the end of 2012
to 25.5% at the end of 2013. We intend to systematically pursue this path over
the coming years and to increase this figure to 30% by 2020.

As part of the continued internationalization of its workforce, Beiersdorf is
focusing on increasing the number of international employees at its Hamburg
location. The number of senior managers with international experience is to be
increased throughout the Group.

GLOBAL (NET)WORKING

In the year under review, Beiersdorf created BluePlanet - a global internal plat-
form for communication and collaboration that makes cross-border and cross-
functional teamwork faster and more efficient. Employees can use this digital
platform to hold direct discussions with each other, sharing knowledge and ex-
periences. This will enable solutions for their daily work to be found and imple-
mented faster. BluePlanet saves time and money by reducing the number of
business trips, streamlining meetings, and avoiding the use of e-mail. It repre-
sents a new dimension in collaboration and brings the Beiersdorf world even
closer together.

CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

AND QUALIFICATIONS ENSURE SUCCESS

The Human Resources department supports team leaders in ensuring the devel-
opment of their teams. Continuous professional development and knowledge
acquisition are part of the Integrated Talent Management program. A wide
range of opportunities for individual employees to strengthen their profession-
al and personal skills are regularly revised in line with the company’s strategy
and organizational development so as to ensure that the specialized skills and
management expertise needed are kept up to date as optimally as possible.

Equally typical of the company’s Human Resources work are its wide variety of
international initiatives: For example, Beiersdorf cooperates with local universi-
ties in Southern Europe, where the economic situation is currently extremely
strained, to give talented young recruits an opportunity to make a global con-
tribution to the Group. In Mexico, Beiersdorf’s Research & Development area is
collaborating with local universities to recruit qualified new staff for the new
Beiersdorf development laboratory in Silao. Around 550 positions shall be cre-
ated in the laboratory and the production facility in the period up to the end
of 2015.

35

tesa

CONSTRUCTION OF NEW tesa HEADQUARTERS.

Planning activities associated with the construction of the new corporate head-
quarters in Norderstedt near Hamburg Airport were one focus of Human Re-
sources work in 2013. Relocation is scheduled for 2015 and affects around 800
employees. The plans focused on how the new space is to be used as well as on
optimizing communication and social facilities. Preparations were made in close
cooperation with the codetermination bodies and with employees.

NEW CONCEPT FOR EMPLOYEE DIALOG

The new concept for the dialog between individual employees and managers
was launched in the year under review. The aim is to enhance tesa’s open corpo-
rate culture in line with its Strategy 2015, to further improve the working atmos-
phere through dialog based on mutual respect, and to expand the leadership
culture. The new concept separates the review from the assessment of employ-
ees’ variable salary components and focuses on mutually open and constructive
feedback. This creates more transparency for employees as to how their abili-
ties and prospects are seen. The new concept was positively received by all in-
volved.

FEEDBACK FROM EMPLOYEE SURVEY

Under the motto “tesa wants to know!” all employees at tesa SE were asked to
provide feedback in a survey that was conducted in cooperation with a market-
leading research and consulting institution. The results offer important informa-
tion on how employee motivation can be further improved and their ties with
the company strengthened. The tesa factory in Offenburg already conducted
the survey back in 2012 and received an award for its working environment in
the year under review.

SUCCESSION PLANNING AND TALENT MANAGEMENT

As a rule, tesa fills important management positions from within its own ranks.
This preserves the company’s expertise in relation to its customers, markets,
and product applications. The succession planning and talent management pro-
cess has now been revamped with the goal of identifying and developing the
right talents in good time before positions become vacant. Succession planning
scenarios for the most important positions in the tesa Business Segment are
being developed at all organizational units based on a global process.


--- Page 19 ---

36

Risk

Report

Integrated Risk and Opportunity Management
Entrepreneurial success cannot be achieved without consciously taking risks.
Risk management helps us to master the risks associated with the strategic ob-
jectives of the business and to maximize our strategic potential. Regular strategy
reviews ensure that opportunities and risks are reasonably balanced. We incur
risks only if there is a corresponding opportunity for an appropriate increase in
value and if they can be managed using established methods and measures
within our organization. Relevant risks are identified and captured in a struc-
tured manner. They are classified based on the estimated probability of occur-
rence and the potential financial impact if they were to occur.

Risk management is an integral part of central and local planning, management,
and control processes, and conforms to consistent standards across the Group.
Our open communications policy, the risk inventory carried out at regular inter-
vals, and the planning and management system ensure that our risk situation
is presented transparently. Risk management is coordinated at Group head-
quarters.

Accounting-related Internal Control System

An accounting-related internal control system is used to ensure the correctness
of the bookkeeping and accounting as well as the reliability of the financial re-
porting in the consolidated financial statements and the Group Management
Report. This integral element of the consolidated accounting process comprises
preventive, monitoring, and detective measures designed to ensure security
and control in accounting and the operational functions. The security measures
embedded in the organizational structure and workflows are intended to pre-
vent errors, while the controls aim to reduce the probability of errors occurring
during processes and to discover any errors that are made. Among other things,
the measures include the separation of functions, manual and IT-based approval
processes such as dual controls, IT checks, access restrictions and authorization
concepts for the IT system, and systems-based processes for handling Group
accounting data. Procedural instructions, standardized reporting formats, and
IT-based reporting and consolidation processes support Group accounting and
financial reporting for the companies included in the consolidated financial
statements.

Shared service centers provide uniform processing of the core accounting pro-
cesses at Beiersdorf AG and its European affiliates. The basic principles and
processes and the reporting structure for Group accounting are documented in
an accounting and financial control manual and a risk management manual.
Legislation, accounting standards, and pronouncements are analyzed for their
relevance and impact and taken into account as necessary.

Independent Monitoring

Our Internal Audit department monitors risk management and compliance with
the internal control system by means of systematic audits. The department is
independent of the Group’s operating activities, and regularly reviews our busi-
ness processes and the systems and controls we have put in place. In addition,

the external auditors audit the risk early warning and monitoring system. They
regularly report their audit findings to the Supervisory Board and in particular
to its Audit Committee.

Our Risk Profile

STRATEGIC AND SECTOR-SPECIFIC RISKS

Maintaining and increasing the value of our major consumer brands with their
broad appeal is of central importance for Beiersdorf’s business development.
We have geared our risk management system towards protecting the value of
our brands. Our compliance with high standards of product quality and safety is
the basis for our consumers’ continued trust in our brands. We therefore per-
form in-depth safety assessments, which take into account consumer feedback
on earlier products, when developing new products. Our products are subject
to the strict criteria of our quality management system throughout the entire
procurement, production, and distribution process.

Innovations based on strong research and development are a precondition for
consumer acceptance of our products, and for the latter’s appeal. Prudent brand
management captures consumer trends as well as the results of in-depth mar-
ket and competitive analyses, and at the same time ensures that the brand's
core remains intact and is carefully enhanced.

Strong brands that balance innovation and continuity are our response to fierce
global competition on price, quality, and innovation. We have laid the ground-
work for identifying consumer wishes and reflecting them in the products we
develop even faster by developing and implementing the “Consumer Insights”
process. This also counteracts the growing retail concentration and the region-
al emergence of private label products.

Since expertise-based brands require a high degree of upfront investment in in-
novation and marketing, the continuous expansion of our trademark and patent
portfolio plays a key role. In particular, the systematic registration and enforce-
ment of our intellectual property rights prevents imitations and counterfeiting
of our products, and thus helps safeguard and further increase the earnings po-
tential previously created. Third-party intellectual property rights are identified
and respected when developing new products.

SUPPLY CHAIN AND IT RISKS.

We counter procurement risks relating to the availability and price of raw mate-
rials, merchandise, and services by continuously monitoring our markets and
suppliers and ensuring active management of our supplier portfolio, as well as
by appropriate contract management. Procurement strategies are reviewed
regularly and adjusted to reflect internal and external requirements. We coun-
ter compliance risks by providing clear management structures and through ef-
ficient organizational measures. Occupational safety, environmental, and busi-
ness interruption risks in our production and logistics activities are minimized
by process control checks and location-specific audits. We minimize risks relat-
ing to the availability, reliability, and efficiency of our IT systems through contin-
uous monitoring and improvements, as well as through the establishment of a
continuity management system that is an integrated part of our IT operations.
We counter selected risks by transferring them to insurance companies.


--- Page 20 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Risk Report

37

Report by the Executive Board on Dealings among Group Companies
Report on Post-Balance Sheet Date Events

Cooperation and contacts with universities enable us to build early links to qual-
ified new employees, for whom we have special trainee programs to prepare
them for a career at Beiersdorf. Our uniform global talent management process
identifies and develops talented specialists and management personnel at all
levels and supports the appointment of qualified staff in key positions through-
out the company as these become vacant.

FINANCIAL RISKS

We counter the risk of bad debts through detailed monitoring of our customer
relationships, active receivables management, and the selective use of trade
credit insurance.

Currency, interest rate, and liquidity risks are subject to active treasury manage-
ment based on global guidelines. They are managed and hedged centrally to a
very large extent, whereby the specific requirements for the organizational
separation of the trading, settlement, and controlling functions are taken into
account. Derivative financial instruments serve primarily to hedge operational
activities and financial transactions essential to the business. They do not ex-
pose the Group to any material additional risks.

We limit currency risks from intragroup deliveries of goods and services using
currency forwards. Generally, 75% of forecasted annual net cash flows are
hedged (cash flow hedges on forecasted transactions). Currency risks from
cross-border intragroup financing are generally hedged in the market by the
central Treasury department using currency forwards.

Potential default risks relating to the investment of the Group’s liquid funds are
limited by only making investments with defined, reliable counterparties. Coun-
terparty risk is monitored on the basis of ratings and the counterparties’ liable
capital as well as continuously updated risk indicators. These parameters are
used to determine maximum amounts for investments with partner banks and
securities issuers (counterparty limits), which are compared regularly with the
investments actually made throughout the Group. Given the developments on
the capital markets, we have invested the majority of our liquidity in low-risk in-
vestments (such as government/ corporate bonds and Pfandbriefe).

We use liquidity concentration methods and tools at our affiliates in order to
optimally manage our investments. Appropriate systems ensure we have trans-
parency concerning our affiliates’ remaining funds. Positive balances are regis-
tered with central counterparty risk management. Our financial risk manage-
ment is characterized by the clear allocation of responsibilities, central rules for
limiting financial risks as a matter of principle, and the conscious alignment of
the instruments deployed with the requirements of our business activities.

Further information on the extent of the currency, interest rate, default, and
liquidity risks described above can be found in Note 29 of the consolidated fi-
nancial statements, “Additional Disclosures on Financial Instruments, Financial
Risk Management, and Derivative Financial Instruments.”

LEGAL RISKS

Along with other international companies, the Beiersdorf Consumer Business
Segment’s Brazilian affiliates are involved in tax proceedings on a national level.
As utilization is not considered to be probable, no provisions for demands for
back taxes have been established. However, no conclusive assessment of the
risk from the Group perspective is possible at present.

Beiersdorf also has potential obligations arising from antitrust proceedings,
among other things. To the extent that an outflow of resources embodying eco-
nomic benefits is likely to be required to settle these obligations, provisions
were established for the pending antitrust proceedings. However, no conclusive
assessment of the risk from the Group perspective is possible at present.

Further information on the extent of the legal risks described above can be
found in Note 30 of the consolidated financial statements, “Contingent Liabili-
ties, Other Financial Obligations, and Legal Risks.”

Overall Assessment of the Group’s Risk Situation

Our assessment of the risk situation is the result of our examination of all mate-
rial individual risks listed above. There have been no structural changes in the
risk situation compared with the previous year. Based on our current assess-
ment, the Beiersdorf Group is not exposed to any risks that could endanger its
continued existence.

Report by the Executive
Board on Dealings among
Group Companies

In accordance with § 312 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act, AktG),
the Executive Board has issued a report on dealings among Group companies
which contains the following concluding declaration: “According to the circum-
stances known to us at the time the transactions were executed, or measures
were taken or not taken, Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft received appropriate
consideration for every transaction and has not been disadvantaged by the fact
that measures were taken or not taken.”

Report on Post-Balance
Sheet Date Events

No significant events occurred after the end of the fiscal year.


--- Page 21 ---

38

Disclosures Required
by Takeover Law

The disclosures required under § 315 (4) Hande/lsgesetzbuch (German Commer-
cial Code, HGB) are presented below.

Please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the disclo-
sures on the composition of the subscribed capital and the disclosures on direct
or indirect interests in the share capital exceeding 10% of the voting rights. In
addition to this Michael Herz, Germany, informed the Executive Board that fur-
ther shares in Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft are attributable to him and that he
directly holds shares in Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft. In total, the share of vot-
ing rights held by Michael Herz in Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft amounts to
60.46% (including 9.99% own shares held by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft,
which do not carry voting or dividend rights).

The appointment and removal from office of members of the Executive Board
are governed by §§ 84 and 85 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act,
AktG), § 31 Mitbestimmungsgesetz (German Codetermination Act, MitbestG),
and § 7 of the Articles of Association. In accordance with § 7 of the Articles of
Association, the Executive Board consists of at least three persons; apart from
this provision, the Supervisory Board determines the number of members of the
Executive Board. The Articles of Association may be amended in accordance
with $§ 179 and 133 AktG and with § 16 of the Articles of Association. Under § 16
of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board is authorized to resolve
amendments and additions to the Articles of Association that concern the lat-
ter’s wording only. Under § 5 (6) of the Articles of Association, the Supervisory
Board is authorized in particular to amend and reformulate § 5 of the Articles of
Association (Share Capital) following each utilization of authorized or contin-
gent capital.

The Annual General Meeting on April 29, 2010, authorized the Executive Board,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to increase the share capital in the
period until April 28, 2015, by up to a total of €92 million (Authorized Capital |:
€42 million; Authorized Capital II: €25 million; Authorized Capital Ill: €25 mil-
lion) by issuing new no-par-value bearer shares on one or several occasions. In
this context, the dividend rights for new shares may be determined by a differ-
ent method than that set out in § 60 (2) AktG.

Shareholders shall be granted preemptive rights. However, the Executive Board
is authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to disapply share-
holders’ preemptive rights in the following cases:

1. to eliminate fractions created as a result of capital increases against cash
contributions (Authorized Capital |, II, III);

2. to the extent necessary to grant the holders/creditors of convertible bonds
or bonds with warrants issued by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, or compa-
nies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest, preemptive rights
to new shares in the amount to which they would be entitled after exercising
their conversion or option rights, or after fulfilling their conversion obligation
(Authorized Capital |, II, II);

3. if the total amount of share capital attributable to the new shares for which
preemptive rights are to be disapplied does not exceed 10% of the share cap-
ital existing at the time this authorization comes into effect or, in the event
that this amount is lower, at the time the new shares are issued and the issue
price is not materially lower than the quoted market price of the existing list-
ed shares at the time when the issue price is finalized, which should be as
near as possible to the time the shares are placed. In the context of the re-
striction of this authorization to a total of 10% of the share capital, those
shares must be included for which the preemptive rights of shareholders
have been disapplied since April 29, 2010, in accordance with § 186 (3) sen-
tence 4 AktG when the authorization to sell own shares is utilized and/or
when the authorization to issue convertible bonds and/or bonds with war-
rants is utilized (Authorized Capital II);

4. in the case of capital increases against non-cash contributions, for the pur-
pose of acquiring companies, business units of companies, or equity inter-
ests in companies (Authorized Capital III).

The Executive Board was also authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory
Board, to determine the further details of the capital increase and its implemen-
tation.

In addition, the Annual General Meeting on April 29, 2010, resolved to contin-
gently increase the share capital by up to a total of €42 million, composed of up
to 42 million no-par-value bearer shares. The contingent capital increase will be
implemented only to the extent that:

1. the holders or creditors of conversion and/or option rights attached to con-
vertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants issued in the period until April
28, 2015, by Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft, or companies in which it holds a
direct or indirect majority interest, choose to exercise their conversion or op-
tion rights, or

2. the holders or creditors of convertible bonds giving rise to a conversion obli-
gation issued in the period until April 28, 2015, by Beiersdorf Aktienge-
sellschaft, or companies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority inter-
est, comply with such obligation, and the contingent capital is required for
this in accordance with the terms and conditions of the bonds.

The new shares carry dividend rights from the beginning of the fiscal year in
which they are created as a result of the exercise of conversion or option rights,
or as a result of compliance with a conversion obligation.

The Executive Board was authorized to determine the further details of the im-
plementation of a contingent capital increase.

The Annual General Meeting on April 29, 2010, also authorized the company in
accordance with § 71 (1) no. 8 AktG to purchase own shares in the total amount
of up to 10% of the existing share capital in the period up to April 28, 2015. The
shares shall be purchased via the stock exchange or via a public purchase offer
addressed to all shareholders. The Annual General Meeting authorized the Ex-
ecutive Board, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to sell in whole or in
part the own shares purchased on the basis of the above-mentioned or a prior
authorization while disapplying the shareholders’ preemptive rights, including


--- Page 22 ---

Beiersdorf Annual Report 2013 / Group Management Report / Disclosures Required by Takeover Law 39
Report on Expected Developments

in a way other than via the stock exchange or via a purchase offer to all share-
holders, to the extent that these shares are sold for cash at a price that does not
fall materially below the market price of the same class of shares of the compa-
ny at the time of the sale. The Executive Board was also authorized, with the
approval of the Supervisory Board, to utilize the above-mentioned own shares
in whole or in part as consideration or partial consideration in the context of a
merger or the acquisition of companies, equity interests in companies (includ-
ing increases in equity interests), or business units of companies, while dis-
applying the preemptive rights of shareholders. Moreover, the Executive Board
is authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to utilize these own
shares in whole or in part, while disapplying the preemptive rights of share-
holders, in order to satisfy the subscription and/or conversion rights from con-
vertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants issued by the company or compa-
nies in which it holds a direct or indirect majority interest. Finally, the Executive
Board was authorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to retire the
above-mentioned own shares without requiring an additional resolution by the
Annual General Meeting.

The creation of the authorized and contingent capital is intended to put the
company in the position of being able to react to growth opportunities and cap-
ital market situations quickly and flexibly. The authorization to purchase and
utilize own shares enables the company in particular to also offer shares of the
company to institutional or other investors and/or to expand the shareholder
base of the company, as well as to utilize the purchased own shares as consider-
ation for the acquisition of companies or equity interests in companies (includ-
ing increases in equity interests), or as part of a merger, i.e. against non-cash
consideration.

Report on Expected
Develooments

Expected Macroeconomic Developments

The global economic situation looks set to improve slightly in 2014. We expect
that this trend will be driven mainly by the industrialized nations, while growth in
the developing countries and emerging markets will be somewhat lower than in
previous years. However, tapering of the US Federal Reserve’s bond purchases
entails potential uncertainties with regard to its effect on the global economy.

Europe will probably come out of recession in 2014 and the uncertainty on the
markets due to the euro and sovereign debt crisis should subside. This is sug-
gested by improved leading economic indicators for the industrial, retail, and
services sectors, as well as a forecast increase in demand from abroad. Besides
the uncertain effects of tapering by the US Federal Reserve, factors that could put
the recovery at risk include the ongoing high unemployment in many countries
and the lack of appetite for reform in France and Italy. However, we anticipate a
positive trend overall, although this is likely to be relatively muted in many coun-
tries due to the still weak economy.

In Germany, we expect to see stronger growth than in the rest of Europe in the
coming year, driven by consumer spending and increasing investment as a re-
sult of the expansionary monetary policy.

We expect slightly higher growth in the United States economy in 2014. Along-
side increased consumer spending due to a lower unemployment rate, we anti-
cipate higher public spending. The construction sector may provide positive
momentum. However, the start of tapering and its impact on the economy and
the financial markets in the form of a possible increase in interest rates remain a
source of uncertainty.

In Japan, we expect growth to be ona level with the previous year. The Bank of
Japan is likely to further loosen its already expansionary monetary policy so as
to avoid depressing the market recovery as a result of the announced increase
in VAT. The cheap yen is likely to boost exports and hence also support growth.

In China, we expect growth to be down slightly on the prior-year level. Fiscal
policy and the uncertain effects of the social and environmental reforms that
have been announced are particular sources of uncertainty.

Conditions in the remaining emerging markets will probably be less favorable.
In India, we expect to see slightly higher growth than in the previous year, with
continued high inflation. We anticipate slight growth in the emerging markets of
Southeast Asia. Given the highly protectionist tendencies in many Latin Ameri-
can countries, particularly in Venezuela, Ecuador, and Argentina, developments
are difficult to forecast for this area. We expect growth rates in Russia to be only
slightly higher than in 2013. The positive effects of exports to the recovering euro-
zone and the expected increase in energy prices will be contributing factors.

Procurement Market Trends

We will work together with Research and Development and Quality Manage-
ment to identify alternative sources of supplies and to define more open speci-
fications, further improving raw materials security for our production facilities.
This will also continue to reduce our dependence on individual suppliers and
specific raw materials. As in the past, strategic partnerships with suppliers will
secure the availability of raw materials in 2014, ensuring supplies for our pro-
duction facilities. In 2014, the price of oil will probably continue to remain at a
high but stable level of just over USD 100 per barrel. Overall, we expect moder-
ate increases in the commodities markets and will take targeted measures in the
area of procurement to further minimize them.

Sales Market Trends

We believe that the global growth rates in the cosmetics market relevant for
Beiersdorf will remain at the prior-year level in 2014. We continue to expect low
but stable growth in the major European and North American markets. The
emerging markets and developing countries will make a positive contribution to
overall performance. Growth in Latin America is likely to weaken year-on-year,
however.

The challenge for the tesa Business Segment in the coming year is likely to be to
cater to different market speeds. Strong, dynamic growth in the electrical in-
dustry in Asia contrasts with relative stability in the European markets. By con-
trast, North America is likely to gain momentum from the automotive industry,
while Latin America will participate in the positive market performance.


--- Page 23 ---

40

Our Market Opportunities

Once again, market performance was mixed in fiscal year 2013 and competition
continued to increase in some markets. We will supplement our corporate strat-
egy, as manifested in our internal Blue Agenda program, to include additional
emphases in 2014, so as to meet the challenges of tomorrow and achieve our
objectives. We see strong opportunities both in systematically expanding our
presence in the emerging markets and in consolidating our position in our Euro-
pean markets. We will drive this process by strengthening our brands - espe-
cially NIVEA, Eucerin, and La Prairie - and boosting our innovative power. This
analysis underpins our planning for the coming fiscal year.

We will build on our sound financial structure and strong earnings position to-
gether with our dedicated and highly qualified employees to continue exploit-
ing the opportunities that arise in the future with our internationally successful
brand portfolio. Extensive research and development activities resulting in suc-
cessful, consumer-driven innovations will be flanked by targeted marketing
measures, strengthening our brand core and creating enduring confidence
among our consumers.

tesa continues to consider its electronics industry business as highly attractive,
with double-digit growth rates predicted. Due to the project-based nature of
the business, however, the risk involved is also increasing. The automotive area
will maintain its status as a second growth market for global customers.

Business Developments
Our assessment of business developments in the coming year is based on the
above assumptions.

We are expecting sales growth in the Consumer Business Segment to outper-
form the market in 2014, at 4-6%. The EBIT margin from operations is expected
to slightly exceed the prior-year figure.

tesa is anticipating that sales will slightly outperform the market in 2014, with
market growth estimated at 2-3%. The EBIT margin from operations is expected
to be slightly below the prior-year level.

Building on the forecasts for the two business segments, we are expecting
Group sales to grow by 4-6%. The consolidated EBIT margin from operations is
expected to be up slightly on the previous year.

We firmly believe that we are well positioned for the future thanks to our inter-
nationally successful brand portfolio, our innovative and high-quality products,

and our dedicated employees.

Hamburg, February 5, 2014
Beiersdorf AG

The Executive Board
