

--- Page 1 ---

Su upporting
the Group’s
transformation

For the success of its transformation process, Solvay is relying on its 29,400 employees in 56 countries.
The primary mission of Human Resources (HR) is to ensure everyone endorses the Group’s new
ambitions and contributes to the change process. By offering a motivating work environment, focusing
on people development, and deploying a culture of accountability and performance, Human Resources
participates actively in the Group’s success.

> Making chemistry meaningful:

new employer communication

Increasing its appeal to young people is an important challenge for
Solvay, which recruits 2,500 new employees each year, increasingly
in fast-growing regions. Launched in 2013, the new employer brand
capitalizes on the Group's values and its commitment to sustain-
able development. Beyond the prospects of international careers,
Solvay offers talented persons from across the world the oppor-
tunity to play an active role in building a more sustainable future
through chemistry, This ambition is expressed throughout the new
recruit integration process. It was the subject of a communication
campaign in major recruiting countries and on social networks on
the theme “Join us. At Solvay we ask more from chemistry”,

20 Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 2 ---

_Since 2013, Solvay has been organized “BU-centrically” around
the autonomy and accountability of the management teams of the Global Business
Units (GBUs). As a driver of change, Human Resources is adapting its vision and
mission to new challenges: providing day-by-day support to the operating entities,
promoting employee development, and increasing the attractiveness of Solvay to
today’s and tomorrow’s talent.

600 people worldwide are mobilized to achieve these objectives. While structured
to respond to local needs as expressed by GBUs, the HR team also provides the
Group with a global vision of its skills needs.

In 2018, this team worked to strengthen the cohesion of the Group by harmonizing
policies and processes, and helping deploy the new culture of performance and
accountability.

A priority: supporting geographic expansion

To assist the Group in its product and geographic expansion, new ways of working
are being introduced.

Identified as a powerful lever of cohesion and motivation, internal mobility is encour-
aged by a policy that invites talents to come out of their culture and skills “silos”.

In growth areas, emphasis is also being placed on recruiting and retaining local
staff, particularly in Asia. This multicultural dimension is proving a real asset as the
Group multiplies its acquisitions, facilitating the integration of new teams from
acquired companies, such as, in 2013, Chemlogics in the United States and Erca
Quimica Ltda in Brazil.

Right now the new culture is being actively promoted on a global basis. Every-
where, initiatives are being implemented to encourage ownership of it, including
management sensitization, internal training sessions, and integrating behavioral
models in annual performance appraisals.

An approach for the development of people

Continuous skills improvement and the endorsement by every employee of the
requirements of excellence are the keys to individual and collective performance.
This was the premise of the “Performance, Development and Career” program
that was deployed in 2013, with the goal of evaluating employee performance,
developing behavioral skills that link in to the new corporate culture, defining indi-
vidual development plans, and strengthening discussion of career development.
In 2013, managers were trained in a new annual assessment interview tool, the
PDCR’, designed to promote employee development in a single Group-wide process.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013

This tool will be gradually rolled out to the sites.
The program includes training to improve skills in
management and executive leadership. In 2013,
these modules were adapted to the new challenges
and supplemented by professional “Academies”,
focusing on business skills.

Social dialogue to guarantee
responsible management

In line with its goal of responsible growth, the Group
is careful to move ahead within a framework that guar-
antees employees’ safety and well-being at work, and
respect for their fundamental social rights. This is the
subject of the social responsibility agreement signed in
2013 with IndustriALL Global Union, a global federa-
tion of chemical workers (0.36).

* Performance, Development and Career Review.

Commercial academy:
a tool for achieving excellence

A priority for GBUs in 2013, commercial excellence
is one of the programs that the Group provides
through its “Commercial Academy” to marketing
and sales employees. This unique cross-cutting
course trains participants to marketing fundamen-

tals and to value-capturing mechanisms.


--- Page 3 ---

Organized and

mobilized around
a shared vision

Solvay has structured its businesses into five Operating Segments, each with its own specific
business model and each comprised of Global Business Units (GBUs) having similar growth
dynamics and competitiveness challenges. Each GBU is responsible for its own strategy and

has the operational levers with which to implement it. All focus on a common goal: creating value

for the Group while respecting their responsibility commitments.

Advanced Formulations

Coatis
Aroma Performance

Advanced Materials

Specialty Polymers

Silica
Rare Earth Systems

Special Chemicals

Performance Chemicals

Soda Ash
& Derivatives

Peroxides
Acetow
Eco Services

Emerging
Biochemicals

> Net sales: € 2,432 million
REBITDA: € 369 million

> Net sales: € 2,551 million
REBITDA: € 646 million

> Net sales: € 3,125 million
REBITDA: € 724 million

A growth engine for the Group, the
innovative offering of this Segment is
aligned with major societal trends:
population growth, new consumption
patterns, etc.

Functional Polymers

Polyamide
& Intermediates

Fibras

Engineering Plastics

Another growth engine and a leader
on markets with high entry barriers,

the cutting-edge actvities of this Segment
generate high returns on investment.

Corporate &
Business Services

Energy Services

Business Services

Operating on mature markets with low
cyclicality, this Segment’s success is based
on economies of scale, competitiveness
and quality of service.

38% 5% 3% 20% 34%

a

> Adjusted REBITDA
by Operating Segment*

> Net sales: € 1,763 million
REBITDA: € 93 million

> Net sales: € 67 million
REBITDA: € - 169 million

The key success factors of this Segment,
which primarily groups the Polyamide

This Segment brings together the functions

and services charged with achieving the

Advanced Formulations
~~ Advanced Materials
== Performance Chemicals
=== Functional Polymers

= Corporate & Business Services*
(Energy Services only)

Group's objectives of operational excellence,

activities, are continuous manufacturing
energy efficiency and collaborative innovation.

optimization and innovation.

* Excluding Corporate costs.

Following the agreement in principle signed on May 7, 2013 by Solvay and Ineos to combine their Chlorovinyls activities within a 50/50 joint venture and
notification of the project to the European Commission, Solvay's Chlorovinyls activities are now presented as “Assets held for sale” in the balance sheet
and in the income statement under “discontinued operations”. As such, they are not included in the above presentation. Moreover, those compounds
activities in Chlorovinyls (Plastic Integration) which are not included in the proposed joint venture with Ineos have been presented as “Assets held for
sale” since December 31, 2013.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 4 ---

bh

Novecare

> The world’s leading producer of specialty surfactants; major player in the polymers, guar and phosphorus
derivatives markets

> 2013 net sales: € 1,581 million - 28 industrial sites*

_Novecare develops leading edge tech-

nologies that affect the behavior of fluids to give them cleans-
ing, softening, moisturizing, hydrating, gelling, texturizing,
penetrating or dispersing properties. Its products are found
in shampoos, detergents, paints, lubricants, plant protec-
tion, mining and oil extraction.
Since 2010, the GBU has been engaged in an ambitious
growth strategy directed at supporting expanding consumer
markets, particularly in Asia. It also invests in niche markets
with a range of high-added-value specialties. Novecare
relies on a global network of 28 production sites and 10 R&l
centers and labs that develop innovative solutions to sus-
tainable development issues.

Increased positions in the US energy market

Identified as a reference partner by oil and gas extraction Acreative value proposition
operators, the GBU has expanded its specialties portfolio with for energy markets
the acquisition of the US corporation Chemlogics. This brings Acquiring Chemlogics significantly expands Solvay's range of

non-conventional oil and gas extraction technologies: Chemlog-

Novecare recognized know-how in custom formulations for oy ce . ses

. . ics' expertise in friction reductors, non-emulsifiers and natural
well stimulation and cementing, and significantly strengthens extraction technologies complements the GBU's own expertise
its presence on the booming US energy market. The GBU is in surfactants, natural polymers and green solvents. Chemlogics’

rapid innovation model and close customer relationships will

today able to offer major oil players a full range of innovative
y 4 Play 9 also leverage the Group's expansion in North America.

products and technologies for extracting oil and gas more com-

petitively and sustainably, with enhanced water management. Chemlagics in brief: 277 employees - Net sales: USD 500 million in 2013 -

Assets: 3 plants with an annual production capacity in excess of 300,000
tons, 8 formulation centers and 6 research centers.

Surfactants: increased global capacity

Across the world, Novecare is boosting its manufacturing

capacity to meet global market needs. In November 2013,

the GBU doubled its surfactants production capacity in surfactants plant at Genthin (Germany). This investment comes
Latin America by acquiring the specialty chemicals assets on top of those made in existing European sites to increase
of Brazil’s Erca Quimica Ltda group. This opens the door and optimize production.

wider to one of the world’s largest markets for health & | The GBU also has begun building new alkoxylation" facilities
beauty and agrochemicals. in Texas (USA) and Singapore from which to optimize its > >

To better support its customers in Central and Eastern
, (1) Alkoxylation is a process for manufacturing monomers for producing
Europe, the GBU has begun building a new specialty surfactants.

* Number of sites where the GBU operates. A single site may be shared by several GBUs.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 5 ---

Advanced Formulations

> - supply lines to the highly dynamic construction and
manufacturing industry markets.

Guar: a global offering of bio-based solutions

Novecare is strengthening its leadership in the guar deriva-
tives market with breakthrough innovations that respond to
strong demand for sustainable solutions from both the agro-
chemicals and oil sectors. Novelties placed on the market in
2013 include STARGUAR®, a “ready-to-mix” crop protection
solution that allows operators to adjust dosages to local
conditions.

The GBU has also significantly increased its production capac-
ity. It has invested in its Vernon plant in Texas (USA), which
delivers mainly to the North American oil extraction market. In
China, the plant expansion at Zhangjiagang is in response to
strong demand from the Asian health & beauty market. With its
third production site at Melle (France), Solvay is the only player
in guar derivatives that is able to accompany customers on
three continents.

Coatis

> First Latin American producer of phenol and derivatives; leader in oxygenated solvents
> 2013 net sales: € 486 million - 1 industrial site*

_Coatis utilizes several levers to expand
its business: substitute products that meet the current
challenges of sustainable development, a historical pres-
ence in Latin America, a portfolio of competitive products
and privileged access to bio-sourced raw materials (etha-
nol and glycerol).

Phenol and derivatives produced at the Paulinia site in
the southeast Brazil are used in the production of syn-
thetic resins employed in foundries, construction and
abrasives. Its production capacity enables the GBU to
supply the constant growth of the Latin American market
and increases its market share.
Coatis’ oxygenated solvents are used as a substitute for
harmful solvents, due to their low toxicity, their biodegra- . . . . .
dability and their high solvent power. Biotechnology projects in Latin America
In 2013, Coatis confirmed its development in bio-sourced After piloting and establishing expected results with the
solvents by expenng the AUGEO® range of ovate CUbal Tecson company eats soe res th
solvents produced from glycerin (a renewable feedstock first n-butanol plant at competitive cost using sugarcane
derived from biodiesel). residues. Their medium-term ambition is to build several
The GBU has a project to produce bio n-butanol from bio-refineries alongside sugar plants in Brazil and in other
. Latin American countries. They are also keen to capture
bagasse, a renewable by-product from the crushing of new markets with chemical companies.
sugarcane.

24 Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 6 ---

Aroma Performance

IN

> World’s number one producer of diphenols and fluoroaliphatic derivatives; world’s number one producer of triflic
acid, and of lithium salt for agro-pharmaceutical, electronics, and batteries markets; world’s number one producer
of vanilla flavorings for the food industry; world’s number one producer of diphenol intermediaries for monomer

producers to the petrochemical industry

> 2013 net sales: € 365 million - 5 industrial sites*

_Aroma Performance’s growth strat-
egy is based on a strong global presence, placing it very
close to its customers, and on maximizing the potential
of its two fully integrated production chains, diphenols
and fluoroaliphatic derivatives

The challenge: to meet global demand for vanillin
As the world’s leading vanillin producer, Aroma Perfor-
mance is the partner of choice for aromas and fragrances
producers. Its leadership rests on its ability to meet strict
food safety and environmental conservation regulations.
In 2018, the GBU expanded its portfolio of natural bio-
fermented vanillins. Complementing its flagship brands,
RHOVANIL® and RHODIAROME®, the new GOVANIL™
range opens promising horizons for food industry players
looking to differentiate their product offerings.

To meet growing demand from its markets, Aroma Per-
formance has doubled the capacity of its site at Melle
(France) and begun construction of a new vanillin pro-
duction unit at Zhenjiang (China), to come into operation
in late 2014. These investments increase Solvay’s overall
vanillin production capacity by 40%. In support of this
project, a center of expertise dedicated to the develop-
ment and application of vanilla flavors, the Vanil’expert
center, is being created in Asia, at the R&l facility in
Shanghai. Another R&l center will open in Singapore in

2014 to support the needs of the GBU’s customers in the region.
Aroma Performance stands out as the most global player in
its sector, with fully integrated production platforms in North
America, Europe and Asia.

Proximity to fluoroaliphatic derivatives users

The GBU also produces synthesis intermediates for the phar-
maceutical, agrochemical and electronics markets, along
with monomer stabilizers for petrochemicals and energy stor-
age solutions. Its fluoroaliphatic derivatives are increasingly
used in electronic applications, while its lithium salts (LiTFSI)
have become an essential component of Li-ion batteries for
electric vehicles. As reference supplier to two subsidiaries of
the Bolloré Group, a world leader in energy storage, Aroma
Performance has doubled its capacity for these products on
its French site at Salindres to support the growth of these
markets. The GBU has also increased its presence in agro-
chemical industries, offering a new service for joint-develop-
ing molecules to measure.

Initial successes of the GOVANIL™ range

COVANIL™ new generation vanilla flavors for the food
industry have an intensity 20% above that of standard flavors
and unprecedented long lasting taste. These properties

serve in particular to offset reduced fats or sugars levels

in recipes for cookies, chocolates and cakes. The range,
available now in three products (standard, intensive and
natural), is being marketed worldwide. In 2013 it took

the ICIS innovation award. ICIS is a leading global provider

of content and information on the chemistry and energy sectors.

* Number of sites where the GBU operates. A single site may be shared by several GBUs

25

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 7 ---

IN

Specialty Polymers

+ World’s number one producer of specialty and high-performance polymers

+> 2013 net sales: € 1,288 million - 14 industrial sites*

_With over 1,500 products, Specialty Poly-
mers offers the widest range of specialty polymers in the
world. Its solutions derive from four technologies in which the
GBU boasts unparalleled expertise: aromatic polymers — cov-
ering the full spectrum of high-performance polymer applica-
tions — high-moisture barrier polymers, fluoropolymers and
high-performance cross-linkable compounds. Its value crea-
tion strategy is based on three levers: innovation, accelerated
growth in markets with high entry barriers and operating
excellence. Anticipating ever increasing worldwide demand
for “clean” technologies and energy, the GBU is focusing its
development on highly dynamic sectors like aerospace and
transportation, water treatment, smart devices, energy and
healthcare.

Specialty Polymers works with a network of 10 R&l centers
and labs on three continents. The GBU generates one-third

of its sales with products and applications that are under
five years old

Rapid fire innovation

To maintain a constant flow of new products and technol-
ogies, the GBU partners with its customers to design
specific solutions. Thus, for the highly specialized subsea
pipeline market, the GBU has developed an ultra-flexible
PVDF: this extrudable fluoromaterial, with its specific
application technology, facilitates the restoration of under-
water pipelines.

In 2013, Specialty Polymers expanded its KALIX® range of
high-performance plastics (APPS) for smartphones with
three new ranges of bio-based polyamides: KALIX® 3000 —
the first amorphous polyphthalamide (APP) — KALIX® 2000,
a range of semi-crystalline polyamides with exceptional
external impact resistance, and KALIX® HPPA 5000 halo-
genated flame-retardant polyamides. The mechanical
properties of this latest innovation will enable it to replace
certain metals, including aluminum and magnesium. >>

SOLEF® PVDF, a booming market

SOLEF® PVDF (polyvinylidene fluoride) is a polymer offering
high-added-value in several key sectors, including transpor-
tation, alternative energy, electronics, water filtration, and oil
extraction. For several years now, its expansion in high growth
sectors has justified capacity increases across the world. In
2013, a new production line increased by 50% the production
capacity at Tavaux (France), enabling the GBU to better serve
avery active European market. The SOLEF® PVDF range is
used especially in hybrid and electric vehicle batteries, in oil
and gas extraction, in membranes for wastewater purification
equipment, and for energy storage in electronic devices.

* Number of sites where the GBU operates. A single site may be shared by several GBUs.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 8 ---

>= On the energy market, for which Specialty Polymers
develops energy efficiency solutions, its membranes contrib-
ute to the advance of zero-emission cars and the develop-
ment of alternative energy sources.

Strengthening our presence in expanding segments
Another priority of the GBU is to increase its presence in Asia,
where it has significant R&l and production capabilities. Partner-
ships are key vehicles in implementing this strategy: the GBU
has signed, with the Chinese company Shanghai 3F New Mate-
rials (SH3F), an agreement to create a joint venture to accelerate
the production of specialty polymers in China. The new unit,
based in Changshu in Jiangsu Province in China, will produce
TFE fluoromonomers and PTFE high-performance fluoropoly-
mers. This will enable Specialty Polymers to produce locally
for the automotive, photovoltaics, lithium ion battery, water
purification membrane and oil and gas applications markets.

To capitalize further on global demand for ever more light-
weight, durable and recyclable materials, the GBU has acquired
a shareholding in Aonix Advanced Materials, a developer of
advanced composite materials and industrial systems. With
this partner, Specialty Polymers will develop new thermoplastic
compounds for sale across the world.

Silica

> Inventor of highly dispersible silica and world leader in applications for energy-saving tires
> 2013 net sales: € 416 million - 8 industrial sites*

in 2010, and capacity increases in the United States (201 1)
and France (2012). By 2015, they will enable Silica to double
_Silica provides innovative solutions for tire its production capacity for highly dispersible silica as com-
manufacturers along with applications for many other market pared with 2009.
segments: toothpaste, food, industrial products, rubber goods.
The GBU develops its activity in close partnership with its cus-
tomers, fed by innovation and a strong global presence. Anew basis
for expansion
The reference in the “green tire” market in Europe
Highly Dispersible Silica (HDS), marketed in the ZEOSIL® range, With a capacity of
has become the reference in the tire industry, especially for ener- 85,000 tons, the future
gy-saving tires. Used to improve tires’ rolling resistance, ZEOSIL® aie plant in Foland will
HDS products reduce a vehicle’s fuel consumption by 5 to 7%. oF ZEOSIL®, including
The international development of the HDS technology is sup- ZEOSIL® PREMIUM, a
ported by the stringent demands of the many government stand- ane sae sisiy
- . os . ispersible Silica for
ards governing the automotive and tire industries. improving tire energy
efficiency and perfor-
Continuous geographical growth mance. The GBU is well
In 2013, the GBU increased the production capacity of its positioned to support
n 5 pI pacity the growth of its
Qingdao (China) site and began building a plant at Wioctawek in customers in Central
Poland. These investments mark another step in the GBU’s and Rene.
organic growth, following on the new factory in Qingdao (China) UCI STESIb

Solvay - Annual Report 2013 2 y


--- Page 9 ---

28

Rare Earth Systems

IN

> World’s number one supplier of specialty rare earth formulations, with a global market share of over 25%

> 2013 net sales: € 298 million - 5 industrial sites*

_Rare earths is the generic term for 17 nat-
ural non-ferrous elements present as ores in the earth’s crust.
These are particularly prized for their exceptional catalytic,
magnetic, luminescent or abrasive qualities.

Rare Earth Systems possesses unique technological exper-
tise in the separation and processing of rare earths. Its prod-
ucts contribute to many innovations in use in everyday life,
compact fluorescent light bulbs, LCD TV screens, semicon-
ductors and capacitors for laptops and tablets, medical
equipment, etc

With its industrial know-how, global presence and R&l prox-
imity, Rare Earth Systems has affirmed itself as a strategic
partner for the automotive catalysis, electronics and phos-
phor powders recycling markets. The GBU is the leading
global supplier to the automotive industry of additives for par-
ticulate filters and mixed oxides for catalysts. Also the leading
world producer of cerium-based abrasives for semiconduc-
tors, the GBU strengthened its position in 2013 by launching
ZENUS™, a high precision colloidal cerium oxide abrasive.

Special Chemicals

Since 2012, Rare Earth Systems has been developing a
technology for recycling the luminescent powders con-
tained in fluorescent lamps. This process helps preserve
rare earth resources and ensure reliable supplies of ter-

bium to the European market.

IN

> World leader in fluor, strontium and barium-based specialties

> 2013 net sales: € 549 million - 21 industrial sites*

_For meeting customers’ needs as closely
as possible, GBU Special Chemicals relies on its leadership
in leading edge technologies, its integrated materials sourc-
ing, its manufacturing facilities, and a global R&l network.

The GBU provides high-added-value solutions to niche mar-
kets: automotive, electronics, high-performance materials,
energy conservation and storage. Recognized as a bench-
mark in the industry, its flagship NOCOLOK® brazing flux is
used in manufacturing aluminum heat exchangers for the
automotive industry, for residential air conditioning systems
and industrial heat exchangers. The GBU also produces
blowing agents (SOLKANE®) for the thermal insulation market

* Number of sites where the GBU operates. A single site may be shared by several GBUs.

and fluorinated intermediates for agrochemicals. For the
electronics market, it develops ultra-pure chemical pro-
cesses in wet environments for semiconductors along
with barium salts for passive components.

Innovation and geographic expansion are two strategic
levers of Special Chemicals. The GBU is particularly active
in Asia, where it is capturing the strong growth of regional
automotive and electronics markets. In 2013, the Chinese
joint venture Lansol, held in partnership with Sinochem
Lantian, laid the first stone of a new NOCOLOK® plant,
based at Quzhou (Zhejiang Province). The GBU has also
set up anew R&l center in Korea to strengthen its research
capacities in screens, electronics and energy storage.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 10 ---

Soda Ash
& Derivatives

>The world’s leading producer of soda ash
and sodium bicarbonate

+2013 net sales: € 1,351 million”
- 12 industrial sites

_The production of soda ash and sodium

bicarbonate, Solvay’s historical activity, has grown
continuously worldwide for 150 years, directly linked
to population growth and increased purchasing
power. Soda ash is used mainly by the glass and
detergent industries. Sodium bicarbonate serves pri-
marily the food and feed markets and the health
sector, and is also used to neutralize acid flue gases.
For example, the SOLVAIR SOLUTIONS? range helps
manufacturers control their own air emissions.
In 2013, GBU Soda Ash & Derivatives announced the
construction of the largest sodium bicarbonate pro-
duction plant in Southeast Asia. Based in Thailand,
by 2015 it will be producing over 100,000 tons of
bicarbonate a year for Asia’s rapidly growing food
and health markets. Meanwhile, the GBU has launched
an operational excellence and manufacturing capacity
optimization program to increase, by 2015, its com-
petitiveness in North America and Europe. In particu-
lar the GBU has opted to expand its natural soda ash
business at Green River (Wyoming), United States.

» Peroxides

IN

Leading global supplier of hydrogen peroxide

2013 net sales: € 405 million" - 16 industrial sites”

_Hydrogen peroxide (H,O,) is mainly used by the
paper industry to bleach pulp. Its properties are also of inter-
est to many markets like chemicals, food, textiles and the
environment. The world leader in this technology, Peroxides
develops innovative applications and processes for these
market segments. Its business is benefiting from the high
consumption of paper pulp and from worldwide demand for
high-added-value specialty derivatives. Innovation capacity
and agility are two of GBU Peroxides’ strengths. Thus, to
meet the expectations of its customers in more remote areas
(including South America), it rolled out in 2013 a new concept
of mini-plants to be located at customers’ manufacturing
plants. Growing industrial demand for propylene oxide” is
another growth driver: the GBU is leveraging here its unique
expertise in building mega plants producing H,O, as feedstock
for propylene oxide in the framework of HPPO (Hydrogen
Peroxide to Propylene Oxide) partnerships.

* An intermediate in the manufacture of polyurethane, a polymer widely
used in many consumer products and industrial applications.

HPPO: A mega plant to serve
the Sadara (Gaudi Arabia) chemical
complex

In 2013, construction started on one of the world's largest
plants to produce H,0, as feedstock for propylene oxide
The unit is located at Jubail, Saudi Arabia, on the Sadara
chemical complex. Operated by Saudi Hydrogen Peroxide
Company, a joint venture recently formed by Sadara
Chemical Company and the Solvay group, it will produce
more than 300,000 tons of H,0, per year. This is the third
such mega plant operated by Solvay under partnerships,
after the world’s largest plant at Map Ta Phut (Thailand),
and that of Antwerp in Belgium. In so doing Solvay
consolidates its global leadership in a technology adapted
to high-volume markets.

(1) 2013 restated figures in application of IFRS 11 are available on Solvay website, Investors section www.solvay.com
(2) Number of sites where the GBU operates. A single site may be shared by several GBUs.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 11 ---

Performance Chemicals

Acetow

> Leading global producer of cellulose acetate tow for cigarette filters;
number one in CIS and South America; number two in Western
Europe; reference supplier of cellulose acetate flakes

> 2013 net sales: € 658

_Acetow is a reference partner for cigarette filter producers
and a leading supplier of cellulose acetate flakes to the manufacturing
sector. Acetow’s cellulose acetate is produced from bio-sourced raw
material in the form of wood pulp from sustainable forests. Its cellulose
acetate tows cover all varieties of cigarette filters. Acetow offers inno-
vative products and services: such as RHODIA FILTER TOW® for Micro
Slim cigarettes, a new range of colored filters, RHODIA FILTER SORB™
for an improved filtration, and RHODIA DE-TOW™ for a faster degra-
dation of the used filter. The GBU’s growth strategy has two main pil-
lars: maintaining the dynamism of its traditional activities and winning
new markets by offering products that meet the challenges of sustain-
able development. Acetow has signed a license to manufacture and
market the ACCOYA® acetylation technology, a process which increases
the resistance of wood used outdoors. The GBU is also developing a
cellulose acetate bio-plastic under the OCALIO™ brand, which is easy
to mold and used in many common consumer products.

Speeding cigarette filter biodegradation

Innovations developed by Acetow include the RHODIA DE-TOW™ range with
enhanced degradation compared to standard cellulose acetate. This solution
exploits photo- and bio-degradation synergies to significantly accelerate the
degradation process of cigarette filters.

Eco
Services

+> Number 1 in sulfuric acid regeneration
in the United States

> 2013 net sales: € 288 million -
7 industrial sites*

Eco Services is the leading
player in sulfuric acid regeneration in the
United States. The GBU works with major
refineries on the West Coast and in the
Midwest, the Gulf of Mexico and Canada.
It also provides virgin sulfuric acid to US
major industrial clients. Eco Services’ per-
formance is based on the reliability and
quality of its service, its operating effi-
ciency and its logistics expertise. In line
with the Group’s sustainable development
commitments, Eco Services was in 2007
the first sulfuric acid producer to sign an
agreement with the United States Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency to reduce its
environmental footprint. In early 2014 it
attained its goal, reducing its total sulfur
dioxide emissions by more than 90%.

Emerging Biochemicals

> Inventor and world leader in EPICEROL® technology; a leading producer of chlorovinyl in Southeast Asia
> 2013 net sales: € 424 million - 1 industrial site*

_The GBU Emerging Biochemicals groups the various Authority of Thailand has also presented it with a Golden
activities to develop and produce chlorovinyl and epichloro- Trophy for its environmental and social initiatives.

hydrin based on EPICEROL® "). Through the Thai subsidiary

Vinythai Public Company Ltd, the GBU produces PVC resins _(7) Raw material used in the production of epoxy resins.

sold under the SIAMVIC® brand, along with caustic soda in
the form of a solid water-soluble base. It is the world’s number
one producer of bio-sourced epichlorohydrin, or EPICEROL®,

an innovative technology based on the conversion of glyc- with

erin. Competitive and with a significantly reduced environ-
mental footprint, it offers a high-performance alternative to
the conventional method. In Thailand, the GBU has obtained

Strengthened partnership
kzoNobel

In 2013, Solvay concluded a three-year renewable contract

to supply AkzoNobel, the world’s number one paints
and coatings producer, with EPICEROL® bio-sourced

epichlorohydrin. AkzoNobel's strategy is to steadily

the “level-4 green industry certificate”, high CSR distinction
awarded by the Thai Ministry of Industry. The Industrial Estate

Solvay - Annual Report 2013

increase the share of sustainable solutions in its products.



--- Page 12 ---

Polyamide

+> 2013 net sales: € 1,557 million - 16 industrial sites*

>A leading world producer of polyamide 6-6
and adipic acid

_Polyamide & Intermediates (P&I) supplies a wide
variety of markets including engineering plastics, textiles,
industrial fibers and yarns, varnishes and adhesives, and
leather processing. In 2013, the GBU started a program of
business excellence and improving the flexibility of its
industrial tools. P&l has also invested in optimizing the
energy efficiency of its adipic acid production chain at Cha-
lampé (France), which will significantly reduce energy costs
To achieve its objective of profitable growth, the GBU is
looking to its mastery of its production process, to its add-
ed-value specialties, and to the launch of new polymers
and molecules.

Latin America’s number one manufacturer of polyamide
(nylon)

_Fibras produces polyamide 6.6-based yarns and
fibers used in many textile and industrial applications. With a
strong focus on innovation, Fibras has developed specific
expertise in designing yarns for smart textiles. Marketed under
the AMNI® and EMANA® brands, these innovations are recog-
nized by Brazil's health authorities. The EMANA® fiber includes
bio-crystals that interact with body heat. EMANA® is particu-
larly appreciated by textiles manufacturers for its beneficial
cosmetics effects to skin and to improve athletic performance.
In 2018, the integration of EMANA® with denim fabric created
the first “technological jeans” in the world, opening vast new
global prospects for the brand

IN

Global specialist in polyamide 6.6-based solutions

_Engineering Plastics designs, manufactures
and sells, under the TECHNYL® brand, a full range of
high-performance materials. Their mechanical, thermal
and fire resistance qualities meet the expectations of
demanding markets, including automotive and transpor-
tation, construction, energy, consumer goods and indus-
trial equipment. In 2013, Engineering Plastics celebrated
the 60" anniversary of its TECHNYL® brand by segment-
ing its solutions into four differentiated offerings: metal
replacement, fire protection, thermal management and
fluid barrier. Involved at an early stage in its customers’
projects, the GBU offers its unique expertise in advanced
simulation and prototyping, dedicated application testing
and certified laboratories. This approach has given birth
to SINTERLINE TECHNYL POWDERS™, a range of pow-
ders for laser prototyping, enabling complex 3D parts to
be produced in record time.

TECHNYL°ONE: pushing the boundaries

In 2013, Engineering Plastics launched TECHNYL°ONE, a new
patented technology designed to help electrical equipment
manufacturers meet the challenges of miniaturization.
Launched at the Kunststoff fair in Diisseldorf (Germany),

it offers higher electrical performance than standard high-
performance plastics while eliminating corrosion problems.

Following the agreement in principle signed on May 7, 2013 by Solvay and ineos to combine ther Chlorovnyls activites in a 50/50 joint venture and natiicaion of the
project to the European Commission, Solvay’s Chloroviny's activities are now presented as “Assets held for sale” in the balance sheet and in the income statement under
“Discontinued operations”. As such, they are not included in the presentation above. In addition, the compounds activities within Chlorovinyls (Plastic Integration), which
are not included in the proposed joint venture with Ineos, have been presented as “Assets held for sale” since December 31, 2013.

* Number of sites where the GBU operates. A single site may be shared by several GBUs.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 13 ---

Corporate & Business Services

This Segment includes the GBU Energy Services offering of energy optimization programs for the Group
and for third parties. It also includes the Corporate functions that are responsible with GBUs for defining
and deploying transversal policies that guarantee consistency within Group and Business Services, which
handles all the Group’s IT and business processes.

Energy Services

32

> Specialist in energy management
> 2013 net sales: € 67 million - 1 industrial site*

_The vocation of GBU Energy Services is to improve
the energy consumption and contribute to the reduction of the
CO, emissions of Solvay — with a target of impacting REBITDA
by over € 100 million in 2016. Solvay itself is Energy Services’
number one client. The GBU’s mission here is to optimize energy
purchases (€ 1 billion in 2013), to deploy the Solwatt energy
efficiency program on Group sites, and operate an installed
global energy self-production capacity of 1,000 MW.

Expertise made available to industry

Energy Services offers to third-party industrial entreprises exper-
tise developed for Solvay.

Its Energy & CO, Management Services (ECMS) proposes to
reduce the latter's overall energy costs by 10 to 20%, through
competitive access to energy and to CO, management and
energy efficiency services. The GBU also offers manufacturers
an opportunity to optimize the profitability of their energy produc-
tion facilities at European level.

Anticipating future trends in the energy market, Energy Services
is developing Cleantech activities based on research into innova-
tive alternative energy sources.

In 2013, Energy Services created with CDC Climat (100% sub-
sidiary of the French Caisse des Dépéts) and with Marubeni a

joint venture to finance energy efficiency projects in the Euro
zone. The first investment by this joint venture was made at
Solvay’s rare earth's plant at La Rochelle (France).

Solwatt for a culture
of energy efficiency

The Solwatt program was initiated in 2011 to assist
Solvay's industrial sites in gradually reducing their
energy consumption. The aim is to reduce these costs
by at least 10% in three years and create a sustainable
culture of energy efficiency in these entities.

The continuous improvement plans, covering process-
es, production, and maintenance, being implemented
under the program involve all employees at each site.
Today the program is deployed in 33 Solvay units -
representing 59% of the Group's energy bill.
Outcomes are in line with objectives. In 2013,

Solvay began marketing Solwatt to third parties.

Business Services

_Business Services groups, in a single organiza-
tion by process, all of the Group’s IT services and its main
administrative departments (accounting; credit, customer
service, customs; payroll and personnel administration;
supplies). Business Services serves daily thousands of Solvay

customers and employees around the world. In 2013,
Business Services initiated its transformation into a global
shared services organization, with the goal of making
the Group a benchmark for quality service, process effi-
ciency, cost optimization and value creation.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013.


--- Page 14 ---

Bsovay is convinced that chemistry can respond to the challenges Mx... development
id that the success of the Group rests on its ability to respond to these, both with the solution:
it offers and the way it operates. This conviction guides its strategic directions and its allocatio
of resources.

Cominittin

ito sustainable

,

:



--- Page 15 ---

Sustainable development:
an opportunity for
chemistry

The “Solvay Way” social and environmental responsibility initiative plays a central role in the Group’s
vision of building a model of sustainable chemistry. A lever for growth, Solvay Way is intended to
develop, through responsible production practices, a sustainable chemistry that is respectful of the
planet and contributes to the emergence of safer and healthier lifestyles and consumption.

34

T

Jacques Kheliff, Solvay Group General Manager Sustainable Development

Solvay Way converts our
ambition for more sustainable
development into concrete
action. We have conceived
this demanding approach
and the associated reference guide in such a way that
each player in the Group, from manager to operator,

can commit personally to the Group’s sustainable
development engagement. The strength of this approach
lies in its pragmatism. Integrating existing programs

and indicators, it does not seek to revolutionize, but

to question, inviting each entity, and each employee,

*CSR: Corporate Social Responsibility.

“Pragmatism and mobilization”

to ask themselves what impact their activities,

their practices, their processes, and their products
have on their stakeholders. All our employees, at

all levels, have specific roles to play in Solvay Way.

This is why 10% of the variable remuneration of

our 7,500 managers is linked to CSR*, sending a
strong sign of Solvay’s commitment to sustainable
development. Already, 100% of the Group’s entities
have evaluated their practices and determined their lines
of progress for 2014: this rapid adoption reflects strong
internal mobilization and constitutes a guarantee of
success for the realization of our 2020 objectives.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 16 ---

_Sustainable development is a major concern for chemists.
Their fundamental role in the transformation of natural resources into industrial
resources requires them to take responsibility for their products’ socio-eco-
nomic effects and environmental footprint. Solvay was a forerunner in taking
these issues into account in its processes and practices.
Today, the Group has made sustainable development a driver of its strategy and
the majority of its activities are already directed towards markets that reflect the
requirements and opportunities linked to challenges facing the world today.
Deployed in 2013, the Solvay Way responsibility initiative aims to accelerate the
Group’s progress towards sustainable chemistry. Its primary objectives remain:

attaining excellence in safety, health and profes-
sional hygiene for people on its sites; achieving a
growing share of turnover with products responding
to the challenges of sustainable development, con-
tinuously improving the performances of its technol-
ogies and processes, reducing its environmental
footprint, and developing a rich and balanced social
dialogue. Anchored in the everyday reality of the
Group’s professions, Solvay Way is implemented by
benchmarking against Group best practices.

Commitments at the highest level
Solvay has chosen to align its initiative with the
most demanding global references. As a signatory
to the United Nations Global Compact, the Group
publishes a detailed report on its activities annually.
The Group also adheres to the obligations of the
“Responsible Care” global charter, a continuous
improvement program initiated by the chemical
industry itself, and to the OECD's Guiding Principles
for Multinational Enterprises.

For further details, readers are referred to the Sustainable
Development Report www.solvay.com.

Solvay Way for 360° responsibility

_The Solvay Way reference framework consists of 48 lines of
improvement, structured under the form of 23 commitments to stakeholders.
This grid is used by the entities of the Group to evaluate their practices.

In 2013, under the leadership of Sustainable Development management and
supported by a network of 200 correspondents and champions, the framework
was deployed across all the Group’s sites, which have undertaken their first
self-assessments. This annual review has permitted them to define action plans
to facilitate further progress in the way they go about their professions.

The Solvay Way framework conforms to the new international standard ISO 26000
and its performances are evaluated and verified each year by external audit.
Solvay is an active member of the IIRC (International Integrated Reporting Council)
and is part of the pilot working group which aims to integrate key financial and
extra-financial data in a single report.

Priority objectives for 2020

Solvay has identified 13 priorities around five themes relating to preservation of
the environment, innovation, safety and employee development. These include
a 10% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions and primary energy consump-
tion, and a 25% reduction in air emissions of potentially acidifying substances.
Wide-ranging action will be taken to ensure all new products meet the highest
standards as measured by the Sustainable Portfolio Management (SPM) tool.
The Group also commits to undertake a risk analysis of each of its sites over the
next five years and to train all its employees in the Solvay Way initiative.

Commitments to stakeholders

Customers Solvay is committed to innovating, analyzing and developing its
markets by integrating CSR and applying its CSR approach in its relations with
its customers, particularly in terms of controlling product-related risks.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013

With clients facing increasingly stringent regulations
and ever more demanding consumers, Solvay watches
over the safety of its products throughout their lifecycle
and works continuously to reduce their environmental
and social impact. Listening to markets, the Group
is developing a forward-looking vision that >>

5 action lines

1. Achieving excellence in safety, health and
occupational hygiene for everyone on our sites.

2. Realizing an increasing share of our sales
in markets or with activities that meet the
requirements of sustainable development.

3. Continuously improving the performance

of our technologies, processes and products
and our understanding of them, so as to reduce
their environmental impact and prevent
damage to people throughout the lifecycles

of our products.

4. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions, energy
and water consumption, and negative impacts
on soil, water and air quality, as well as the use
of resources, especially non-renewable ones.

5. Developing a wide-ranging and balanced
social dialogue with employee representatives
at national and international level



--- Page 17 ---

>> anticipates customers’ needs and guides its R&l. All innovations are eval- A pioneer in the realm of social policy, Solvay views

uated against the criteria of the SPM methodology. the Group's talents as its main asset and develop-
ing them as part of its mission: it is committed to

Employees_Solvay is committed to providing its employees with safe and healthy developing its employees’ skills and employability.

workplaces. It guarantees them respect of their fundamental social rights and fair

treatment. It is also committed to promoting the quality of social dialogue and = Planet_Solvay is committed to promoting environ-

employee engagement. mental management, conserving natural resources,
reducing the environmental impact of its activities,
conserving biodiversity and exercising a responsible
influence in its various environments. Solvay’s ambition

a is to offer a chemistry whose products and operating

Communities rn) Customers processes are increasingly respectful of the environ-
vey ment. The Group is keen to reduce the environmental

e footprint of its manufacturing processes and to

Deployment improve energy efficiency. Priority is given to the use of

2, renewable and recycled materials, while consuming

less and less energy and resources. Preservation of
water resources is an essential line of action: the goal
Suppliers Employees here is by 2020 to reduce by 20% the emissions of

SOLVAY Waly, & substances with a eutrophication potential and by

10% the use of groundwater and drinking water.

Investors_Solvay is committed to generating value
and to managing risk in a responsible manner, to
ensuring the dissemination of and compliance with
good management and governance practices, and to
communicating in an ethical and transparent manner.
By adopting the most stringent governance practices,
publishing its results and the Group's strategic vision

@

Investors Planet

Jyrki Raina, General Secretary of IndustriALL Global Union

—>“IndustriALL: a global agreement
that enables us all to move forward”

Our mission is to ensure __ its practices assessed on-site. This is a very

that multinational committing process, for both Solvay and for us.
groups act in a proper Each year, we will conduct two on-site evaluation
and dignified manner that respects the rights missions: one focused on safety, the other
of their employees worldwide. The global CSR on the implementation of the agreement in all
agreement signed with Solvay is an important its aspects - environmental protection, wages,
step in our action. It establishes that social supplier relations. Specifically, our representatives
dialogue can be envisaged at an international will meet employees to examine the Group’s
level, and has much to offer to a global group. practices in situ and suggest areas for
Solvay undertakes to respect international improvement. This agreement embodies
labor standards in all its activities - including IndustriALL’s vision of social dialogue as
those countries that have not ratified these a source of mutual progress, a vision that we
conventions. It also undertakes to have are pleased to see shared by Solvay.

< aC

36 Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 18 ---

Enhancing the sustainability of procurement

Solvay is a participant in the creation and implementation of “Together

for Sustainability”, an initiative by six major chemical companies

to strengthen the transparency and sustainability of procurement practices.
This initiative rests on regular audits and assessments of suppliers’
responsible practices, based on social and environmental criteria. The benefit
for suppliers lies in having to fill out a single form, accessible to all principals
on an online platform. In 2013, during the pilot phase, Solvay conducted over
500 assessments and audits.

on a regular and complete basis, Solvay meets the requirements of transparency
and rigor demanded by market authorities and expected by investors. Its recogni-
tion by extra-financial rating agencies in 2013 contributes to the value of the Group.

Suppliers_Solvay is committed to evaluating the CSR performance of its
buyers. It is also committed to optimizing relationships with its suppliers in this
area with two priorities: defining the responsibility prerequisites it expects them
to meet and integrating these into its selection procedures, and managing and
evaluating their CSR performance. The Group wishes to establish relationships
of trust with its suppliers, based on clear and shared ethical principles estab-
lished with the goal of creating sustainable value for all. The involvement of
suppliers alongside the Group is fed by information campaigns, regular meet-
ings, training, and assessments.

Recognized extra-financial

In 2013, the Group’s CSR performance was recog-
nized by its inclusion into the DJSI Europe index.
Solvay is also referenced in the FTSE4Good and
NYSE Euronext Vigeo World 120 extra-financial

indices.

saseno hyve

Dow Jones * CURONEAT
Sustainability Indices vere
InCollaboraticn with RobecosaMee = FT SES GOGH ~~

Communities_Solvay is committed to the sustaina-
ble integration of its sites in their local areas by con-
trolling both manufacturing and supply chain risks,
and by an ever more robust prevention approach.
Solvay has established relationships of trust with its
site neighbors, through dialogue, clear information
and strict control of risks and inconvenience to
them. Flows of transport are subject to special vigi-
lance, involving the entire supply chain.

>

One of Solvay’s
priorities is to
constantly reduce its
MTAR (frequency of work accidents requiring
medical treatment). Two years ago we initiated
a number of major risk-prevention operations,
including taking apart and examining major
accident-prone scenarios, systematically
analyzing accidents, and launching awareness

Solvay - Annual Report 2013

Joel Quintart, Occupational Safety Corporate Process Manager

“Embedding our safety culture
in employee behavior”

campaigns for managers and employees. The
MTAR has dropped over the past two years from
2.92 to 1.06 accidents per million hours worked.
The objective is to lower this figure further

still by inducing behavior change, with operators
receiving training in accident prevention

reflexes. We will also be generalizing across

the Group the improvements made to problem
equipment.

37


--- Page 19 ---

38

On the ground

——
“Product safety:

unparalleled expertise”

GRETA VANMARCKE, CORPORATE PROCESS MANAGER OF PRODUCT
REGULATORY AFFAIRS & PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP.

For us, managing our products responsibly means con-
stantly improving and going beyond existing regulations,
whether European, REACH, or national. This includes our
voluntary monitoring at global level of “Substances of Very
High Concern” (SVHC)" so as to restrict their use as much
as possible. My team’s responsibility is to ensure the global
implementation of these measures and to ensure the
compliance of internal procedures. We are proud of the
recognition this expertise earns us: for example since 2014
Solvay has chaired CEFIC’s® Strategy Implementation
Group (SIG) for Product Stewardship.

“CSR: a driver for Solvay Way”

SANDRINE ROCHAT, GBU ENGINEERING PLASTICS - GLOBAL HSE
& PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP MANAGER, SOLVAY WAY CHAMPION

As a “Champion”, | am responsible for promoting and deploy-
ing Solvay Way best practices in my GBU. Since 2013, 10%
of managers’ variable remuneration has been correlated with
the achievement of concrete sustainable development objec-
tives. This ‘incentive’ has promoted effective deployment of
the approach around the world and the rapid realization of
our two main objectives for the year: the referencing of the
Group in major extra-financial performance indices and, at all
sites, training, mobilizing teams and carrying out Solvay Way
self-assessments.

“Testing our portfolio against
the challenges of sustainable
development”

MICHEL WASHER, DEPUTY CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER

We have at Solvay a powerful tool: the Sustainable Portfolio Man-
agement Methodology (SPM). One axis of the SPM matrix measures
the impact of our production processes; the other evaluates the
alignment of our products with the requirements of sustainable
development. We have already analyzed 65% of our net sales with
this tool, and expect to have analyzed at least 80% by end-2015.
Our goal is 20% of our net sales in the SPM “Star”®) category in
2020. We are proud of this approach that is recognized as a refer-
ence, and that we shall be making available to everyone with the
help of the consultant who helped us develop it.

\

i Soe

ries

“Energy Transition: an offering
adapted to the challenges”

PHILIPPE ROSIER, PRESIDENT OF ENERGY SERVICES

For Solvay, energy transition is at once a challenge and a prom-
ising market. Our contribution takes many forms, through our
environmentally friendly processes and also our participation in
bringing to maturity the energies of the future. One example is the
water-saving solutions we propose to the very dynamic gas
extraction market in the United States. In the field of new energy,
we are investing in the production and distribution of torrefied
biomass, that can replace coal for electricity generation and
large-scale heating. We are also deploying our Solwatt energy
efficiency program at Group sites, with the goal of paring back
the Group’s energy consumption by another 10% by 2020.

(1) These include substances identified by the REACH program as carcinogenic, mutagenic and toxic for reproduction (CMR), and endocrine disruptors.
(2) European Chemical Industry Council. (3) SPM Star: aligned with the needs of sustainable development AND experiencing accelerated growth.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 20 ---

+> Solvay conducts scientific research and innovation for excellence in order to develop products
and processes that are at once efficient, competitive and sustainable. This reflects the Group’s priority

of helping to create solutions that meet the present and future needs of a planet, which will soon
number 9 billion inhabitants.

Constantly

reinventing
ourselves



--- Page 21 ---

Innovation,
a key lever
of growth

Our planet is undergoing substantial changes linked to human activity, with major underlying issues:
access to health and well-being, climate change, and resource scarcity. To these Solvay has opted to devote
its research and innovation: 22% of net sales in 2013 consisted of products, technologies and applications

less than five years old.

_Fired up by Solvay’s pioneering spirit, Research and Innovation (R&l)
is tasked with contributing to the responsible growth of the Group with refer-
ence to societal megatrends.

Six R&I areas to meet the challenges of the future

R&l is focusing its efforts on six areas of innovation that it has identified as crucial
for sustainable growth.

Advanced materials: The Group's expertise in polymers and formulation ena-
bles it to design new, lighter, safer and more efficient functional materials.
Sustainable energy: Solvay is helping to develop alternatives to fossil fuel
consumption: new generation batteries, photovoltaics, bio-energy.

Organic electronics: Solvay is developing increasingly less expensive, higher
performance and resistant materials to improve the sustainability of lighting
devices and screens.

Eco-designed processes: Solvay is developing breakthrough innovations for
itself and its clients, offering diminished raw materials and energy consumption,
reduced emissions and lower investment costs

Louis Neltner, Solvay General Manager Research & Innovation

Advanced formulations: Solvay’s formulation exper-
tise is enabling it to create responsible products
that provide solutions to global issues or contribute
to the health and well-being of consumers.
Renewable chemistry: innovation in renewable or
recycled raw materials contributes to the evolution
of Group products and processes.

A global, interconnected

and open network

Backed by a global network and fed by external
input, Solvay R&l is configured to capture innova-
tion opportunities and turn them into high-value
practical, sustainable and creative applications for
the Group and its markets.

“At the heart of a global innovation

ecosystem”

At Solvay, we are convinced
that we can grow only through

our customers is also being systematized. Finally,
we have chosen to invest, directly or through investment

40

_ exposure to other mindsets
and approaches. Our close relationship with academia
around the world, especially in mixed laboratories”,
is enriching our work with the long-term vision of basic

research. In Europe, we are working with other chemists

in competitive clusters and institutes of excellence to
advance green chemistry, environmental technologies
and carbon-free energy. Collaborative research with

funds, in start-ups that have leading edge expertise
in areas identified as vital to the future: biotechnology,
photovoltaics and advanced materials. For example,
our partnership with Aonix Advanced Materials will
accelerate the development of recyclable, lightweight,
and high-performance thermoplastic composite
materials, especially for the electronics market.

* Solvay has developed close partnerships with France's National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) and several universities across the world,
working in joint laboratories: Advanced Polymers in Lyon (France), Laboratory of the Future in Bordeaux (France), Complex Fluids in Bristol (USA),
National Scientific and Technological Laboratory for Bioethanol (Brazil) and the Eco-Efficient Products Laboratory (E2P2L) in Shanghai (China).

Solvay - Annual Report 2013


--- Page 22 ---

The specific feature of Solvay R&l is to be global and interconnected. Its global
network consists of 15 major R&l centers engaged in a dynamic process of
cross-fertilization, 11 advanced laboratories, and 4 mixed units partnered with
leading public research institutions and universities, along with numerous GBU-
level, application-specific laboratories on four continents. This geographical
proximity to markets and customers promotes relevant and rapid operational
innovation.

In addition, the Group is firmly positioned at the heart of a global innovation
ecosystem. Its policy of open innovation allows it to expand its vision, to com-
plement its own skills from outside, and to identify long-term development
opportunities. More than one hundred collaborative projects have emerged
from joint research with customers, academia or cutting-edge expertise.

An excellence-directed approach backed by demanding tools
Just like the rest of the Group, R&l is committed to a continuous improvement
process to increase its efficiency and shorten time to market. Our researchers
work closely with Marketing and Industrial Functions on projects that meet the
present and future needs of end markets. The criteria of responsibility, cost
competitiveness, and consistency with main trends are applied well upstream.
An eco-design approach, extending the existing Sustainable Portfolio Manage-
ment (SPM) methodology, was introduced in 2013. This will gradually be applied
to the entire portfolio of projects. In this way, each new project is evaluated to
measure its environmental footprint and its societal acceptance throughout its
life, from drawing board to implementation.

In France, the Laboratory of the Future”! is designing “fast flow” tools and research

methodologies to shorten the time-to-market of innovations.

(1) These terms include new products or existing products benefiting from new processes
introduced in the last five years; directed at new or existing applications.

(2) Laboratoire du Futur: a joint research cluster of Solvay, CNRS and the University
of Bordeaux-1.

Solvay - Annual Report 2013

Innovation tools to match
Asia’s potential

In Asia, three major “Multi-BU" R&I centers are
facilitating cross-fertilization between differ-
ent markets and technologies. In Seoul (Korea),
R&I is dedicated to electronics and engineering
plastics. In India, the new Vadodara center
focuses on renewable chemistry and materials
science. The Shanghai (China) center is sup-
porting the regional development of the GBUs,
including a mixed eco-innovation research
center, in which Solvay is partnering with Chi-
nese and French universities. Solvay also has in
Asia a dozen application, process improvement
and innovation laboratories. These include the
Singapore laboratory dedicated to health and
beauty, agrochemicals and oil & gas.

Key figures >
15

major R&l centers

1,950

employees

80%

of Group R&l expenditure
is managed by the GBUs

252

patents applied for in 2013

41


--- Page 23 ---

htweight
materials for leaner
consumption

> The lighter a ve
energy it needs to propel itself.
Solvay's ultr ht,
ultra-high per
engineering pl

42

Green technology
for aE polluting

e
iesel engines ba
nable particulate fil

completely regenerated at

ispersible silica i
to produce energ'

hich directh
a vehicle's CI
being launched, they ha
the equivalent of al

8 billion liters of fuel.

uture technologies and preparing the future.

Contribution to success
of electric vehicles

~ Economic competitiven
long-term autonomy a

re developing

eneration of more efficient z

afer batteries.
> Sol fire-retardant

ant

notably used
ere ge and
management, thereby contributing
to the emerg ybrid and

Solvay - Annual Report 2013

More performance
under the hood

luor
the performani
ors and its high

the safety of under-hood parts
and improve engine efficiency



--- Page 24 ---

Promoting the emerg

Solvay - Annual Report 2013
