/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

APPLIED ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (POLICIES)
AND EXPLANATORY NOTES

1. General information

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A. Group (“Capital Group”, “PGE S.A. Capital Group”,
“PGE Group”, “Group”) comprises the parent company PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
and subsidiaries (described in Note 2).

Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A. (“parent company”, “the Company”, “PGE S.A.”) was founded on the
basis of the Notary Deed of 2 August 1990 and registered in the District Court in Warsaw, XVI
Commercial Department on 28 September 1990. The Company was registered in the National Court
Register of the District Court for the capital city of Warsaw, XIl Commercial Department, under no.
KRS 0000059307.

During the reporting period and as at the date of preparation of these consolidated financial
statements for the period 31 December 2013 (“consolidated financial statements’, “financial
statements”) the parent company is seated in Warsaw, 2 Mysia Street.

Core operations of the Group companies are as follows:

e production of electricity,

e distribution of electricity,

e wholesale and retail sale of electricity,

e production and distribution of heat,

e rendering of other services related to the above mentioned activities.

Business activities are conducted under appropriate concessions granted to particular Group
companies.

The State Treasury is the majority shareholder of the parent company.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group comprise financial data for the period from
1 January 2013 to 31 December 2013.

Merger of PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A. with PGE Energia Jadrowa S.A.

As at 31 July 2013, the District Court for the Capital City of Warsaw, XII Commercial Division of the
National Court Register registered the merger of PGE S.A. with subsidiary PGE Energia Jadrowa
S.A. The merger was effected pursuant to art. 492 § 1 point 1 in connection with Art. 515 § 1 and Art.
516 § 5 and 6 of the Commercial Code, namely the transfer of all assets of the acquired company at
PGE S.A. (merger by acquisition) without increasing the share capital and without the exchange of the
shares of the acquired equity for the shares of PGE S.A.

PGE Energia Jadrowa S.A. was a subsidiary of PGE S.A., responsible within the group for the
preparation of the project to build a nuclear power plant. PGE S.A. owned 100% of the shares of the
acquired company giving 100% of votes at the General Meeting.

The merger has no influence on the consolidated financial statements.

10

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

2. Structure of the Group
2.1. Entities included in the Group

During the reporting period, PGE Capital Group consisted of the enumerated below companies,

consolidated directly and indirectly:

Share of Group
Entity entities as at
31 December 2013

Parent company Share of Group
as at entities as at

31 December
31 December 2013 2012

Parent company as

at

31 December 2012

Segment: wholesale

PGE Polska Grupa
1. Energetyczna S.A.

The Parent company of the Capital Group

Warszawa
PGE Trading GmbH ° PGE Polska Grupa 5 PGE Polska Grupa
2. Niemcy 100,00% Energetyczna S.A. 100,00% Energetyczna S.A.
Segment: mining and conventional energy
PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka 93,91% PGE Polska Grupa 91,20% PGE Polska Grupa
3.  Konwencjonaina S.A.* Energetyczna S.A Energetyczna S.A
Betchatow 4,97% PGE Obrat S.A. 7,37% PGE Obrét S.A.
Przedsiebiorstwo Energetyki PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
4. Ciepinej sp. z 0.0. 50,98% i Energetyka 50,98% i Energetyka
Zgierz Konwencjonalina S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A.
Segment: renewable energy
5. PGE Energia Odnawialna S.A. 400,00% PGE Polska Grupa 400,00% PGE Polska Grupa
Warszawa Energetyczna S.A. Energetyczna S.A.
Bio-Energia S.A. ° PGE Energia 5 PGE Energia
6. Warszawa 100,00% Odnawialna S.A. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A.
Biogazownia tapy sp. Z 0.0. - - 400,00% Bio-Energia S.A.
Warszawa
Biogazownia Wozuczyn sp. z 0.0. . - 400,00% Bio-Energia S.A.
Warszawa
Elektrownia Wiatrowa
: PGE Energia PGE Energia
- 9 0,
7. Baca | SP 20.0. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A.
Elektrownia Wiatrowa
: PGE Energia PGE Energia
- 9 0,
8. Wea Pe 20.0. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A.
Elektrownia Wiatrowa
: PGE Energia PGE Energia
-. 9 0,
9. Baca’ SP. 20.0. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A.
Pelplin sp. z 0.0. ° PGE Energia 5 PGE Energia
10. Warszawa 100,00% Odnawialna S.A. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A.
Zuromin sp. z 0.0. ° PGE Energia 5 PGE Energia
11. Warszawa 100,00% Odnawialna S.A. 100,00% Odnawialna S.A.
Eolica Wojciechowo sp. z 0.0. 6 PGE Energia 6 PGE Energia
12. Gniewino 100,00% Odnawialna S.A. 50,00% Odnawialna S.A.
13. PGE Energia Natury S.A. 100,00% PGE Polska Grupa . .

Warszawa

Energetyczna S.A.

11

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Share of Group

Share of Group entities as at

Parent company Parent company as

Entity entities as at as at 31 December at
31 December 2013 31 December 2013 31 December 2012
2012
PGE Energia Natury sp. z 0.0. 5 PGE Polska Grupa . .
14. Warszawa 100,00% Energetyczna S.A.
PGE Energia Natury Karnice ; PGE Polska Grupa
15. sp.z 0.0. 100,00% - -
W: Energetyczna S.A.
arszawa
PGE Energia Natury Bukowo ; PGE Polska Grupa
16. sp.zo.o. 100,00% - -
Energetyczna S.A.
Warszawa
EPW Energia Olecko ; PGE Polska Grupa
17. sp.zo.o. 81,00% - -
W: Energetyczna S.A.
arszawa
"HSIS%E&’ ()*!4*,~” V/0)12%!! .
; PGE Energia
0, - -
18. 345161252 100,00% Natury S.A.
Warszawa
PGE Energia Natury Kappa .
19. sp.zo.0o. 100,00% PGE Energia - -
W: Natury S.A.
arszawa
PGE Energia Natury PEW .
20. sp.zo.0. 100,00% PGE Energia - -
W: Natury S.A.
arszawa
EPW Energia sp. z 0.0. ** 6 PGE Polska Grupa . .
a1. Warszawa 32,70% Energetyczna S.A.
Segment: distribution
0, 4 fey 45
- PGE Dystrybuoja S.A." 89,92% PGE Obrot S.A. 89,91% PGE Obrot S.A.
~~ Lublin 6 PGE Polska Grupa 6 PGE Polska Grupa
10,08% Energetyczna S.A. 10,07% Energetyczna S.A.
Segment: retail sail
PGE Obrot S.A. 6 PGE Polska Grupa 6 PGE Polska Grupa
23. Rzeszow 100,00% Energetyczna S.A. 99,55% Energetyczna S.A.
Segment: other
EXATEL S.A. 5 PGE Polska Grupa 5 PGE Polska Grupa
24. Warszawa 99,98% Energetyczna S.A. 99,94% Energetyczna S.A.
25, NOM sp. 0.0. 100,00% EXATEL S.A. 100,00% EXATEL S.A.
Warszawa
- 51,10% EXATEL S.A.
26. ENERGO-TEL S.A. 100,00% EXATEL S.A. °
Warszawa 48,90% NOM sp. z 0.0.
MEGA sp. z 0.0. 6 PGE Energia
Mitocin . ° 75,01% Odnawialna S.A.
»EnBud” sp. z 0.0. w likwidacji 5 PGE Energia
Czymanowo 100,00% Odnawialna S.A.
»ESP Ustugi” sp. z 0.0. w likwidacji 400.00% PGE Energia
Warszawa nee Odnawialna S.A.
Budownictwo Hydro-Energetyka - .
Dychow sp. z 0. o. - - 100,00% PGE Energia

Dychéw

Odnawialna S.A.

12

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Share of Group

Parent company

Share of Group
entities as at

Parent company as

Entity entities as at as at 31 December at
31 December 2013 31 December 2013 2012 31 December 2012
ELBIS sp. z0.0 PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
27. Ro wien ~ 100,00% i Energetyka 100,00% i Energetyka
9 Konwencjonalna S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A.
PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
28. a One SP. 2 0.0. 100,00% i Energetyka 400,00% i Energetyka
veg Konwencjonalna S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A.
PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
91,30% i Energetyka 91,30% i Energetyka
Konwencjonalina S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A.
39 ,ELBEST" sp. z 0.0. 7,50% PGE Pystopudia 7.50% PGE nysyPusia
” Betchat6w a a
1,11% PGE Obrot S.A. 1,11% PGE Obrot S.A.
PGE Energia PGE Energia
0, 0,
0,09% Odnawialna S.A. 0,09% Odnawialna S.A.
, PGE Gornictwo
30. pesaserws SP. Z 0.0. 100,00% i Energetyka -
gay’ Konwencjonalina S.A.
. PGE Gornictwo
31. PGE Gubin sp. z 0.0. 100,00% i Energetyka 100,00% PGE Polska Grupa
Gubin gem Energetyczna S.A.
Konwencjonalna S.A. gen _
Elektrownia Pulawy sp. z 0.0 PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
32. ow Y SP. 20.0. 50,00% i Energetyka 50,00% i Energetyka
Y Konwencjonalina S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A
»Energoserwis — Kleszczow” PGE Gornictwo
33. sp. Z 0.0. 51,00% i Energetyka 51,00% ELBIS sp. z 0.0.
Kleszczéw Konwencjonalna S.A.
> PGE Gornictwo
34. ee 70.0. 100,00% i Energetyka 400,00% ELBIS sp. z0.0.
g Konwencjonalina S.A.
eee er rUR Sen 3° PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
35. oo om ’ 100,00% i Energetyka 100,00% i Energetyka
Bogatynia Konwencjonalna S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A.
EPORE sp. z 0.0. (previous name:
Przedsiebiorstwo Produkcji PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
36. Sorbentow i Rekultywacji ,ELTUR-— 85,38% i Energetyka 100,00% i Energetyka
WAPORE sp. z 0.0.) Konwencjonalina S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A.
Bogatynia
Przedsiebiorstwo Ustugowo- Przedsiebiorstwo Przedsiebiorstwo
Produkcyjne ,TOP SERWIS” ° Ustugowo- 5 Ustugowo-
37. Sp. Z 0.0. 100,00% Produkcyjne ELTUR- 100,00% Produkcyjne ELTUR-
Bogatynia SERWIS sp. z 0.0. SERWIS sp. z 0.0.
84,85% PGE Pystopudia 84,85% PGE Pystoudia
ENESTA sp. z 0.0.
38. Sralowa Wola PGE Gornictwo PGE Gorictwo
2,48% i Energetyka 2,48% i Energetyka
Konwencjonalina S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A.
RAMB sp. 70.0 PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
39. Piaski P. 20.0. 100,00% i Energetyka 100,00% i Energetyka

Konwencjonalna S.A.

Konwencjonalna S.A.

13

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Share of Group

Parent company

Share of Group
entities as at

Parent company as

Entity entities as at as at 31 December at
31 December 2013 31 December 2013 2012 31 December 2012
PGE Gornictwo
98,65% i Energetyka
Konwencjonalna S.A.
Przedsiebiorstwo Transportowo PGE Gornictwo PGE Dystrybucja
40. Sprzetowe ,BETRANS’ sp. z 0.0. 100,00% i Energetyka 1,16% SA.
Betchato Ke jonalna S.A.
efchatow onwencjonalna 0,17% PGE Obrot S.A.
PGE Energia
10,
0,02% Odnawialna S.A.
Przedsiebiorstwo Wulkanizacji
Tasm i Produkcji Wyrobéw PGE Gornictwo PGE Gornictwo
41. Gumowych BESTGUM 100,00% i Energetyka 100,00% i Energetyka
POLSKA sp. z 0.0. Konwencjonalina S.A. Konwencjonalna S.A.
Rogowiec
. PGE Gornictwo
ie SP. 20.0. - - 50,00% i Energetyka
P Konwencjonalna S.A.
ELECTRA Bohemia s.r.o.
(w likwidacji) - - 100,00% PGE Polska Grupa
Czechy Energetyczna S.A.
PGE Inwest spdtka z ograniczona
odpowiedzialnoscig II S.K.A. 400.00% PGE Polska Grupa
w likwidacji ue Energetyczna S.A.
Warszawa
Przedsiebiorstwo Transportowo- . .
42. Ustugowe ,ETRA” sp. z 0.0. 100,00% PGE rye 400,00% PGE nysyPusia
Biatystok _ _
Przedsiebiorstwo Produkcyjno- . .
43. Handlowe EKTO sp. zo.0. 100,00% PGE rye 400,00% PGE nysyPusia
Biatystok _ _
Energetyczne Systemy . .
44. Pomiarowe sp. z0.0. 100,00% PGE rye 400,00% PGE nysyPusia
Biatystok _ _
Zaktad Obstugi : .
45. Energetyki sp. z 0.0. 100,00% PGE rye 100,00% PGE nysyPusia
Zgierz _ _
PGE Systemy S.A. 6 PGE Polska Grupa 6 PGE Polska Grupa
46. Warszawa 100,00% Energetyczna S.A. 100,00% Energetyczna S.A.
PGE Inwest sp. z 0.0. ° PGE Polska Grupa 5 PGE Polska Grupa
47. Warszawa 100,00% Energetyczna S.A. 100,00% Energetyczna S.A.
PGE Energia Jadrowa S.A. . - 400,00% PGE Polska Grupa
Warszawa ue Energetyczna S.A.
51.00% PGE Energia
, /o
48 PGE EJ 1 sp. z 0.0. 400.00% PGE Polska Grupa Jadrowa S.A.
‘Warszawa ue Energetyczna S.A. 49,00% PGE Polska Grupa
ue Energetyczna S.A.
49. PGE Dom Maklerski S.A. 100,00% PGE Polska Grupa 100,00% PGE Polska Grupa

Warszawa

Energetyczna S.A.

Energetyczna S.A.

*

*k

Share excluding entity’s own shares

PGE S.A. consolidates controlled branches of EPW Energia Sp. z 0.0. using full method

14

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Changes in the structure of the PGE Group companies which are subject to full consolidation are
mentioned in the table above and include inter alia following transformations which took place
during the period ended 31 December 2013:

e On 24 January 2013 PGE Energia Odnawialna S.A. acquired 50% shares in the company Eolica
Wojciechowo Sp. z 0.0., reaching a 100% interest in the company. From that day PGE Energia
Odnawialna S.A. has control over Eolica Wojciechowo Sp. z 0.0. and therefore the company has
been included in the consolidated financial statements.

e On 31 January 2013 merger of Bio-Energia S.A. with Biogazownia tapy Sp. z o.0. and
Biogazownia Wozuczyn Sp. z 0.0. was registered.

e On 21 February 2013 all owned shares in Budownictwo Hydro-Energetyka Dychow sp. z 0.0. were
sold. The assets of the company were 0.01% of the total assets of PGE Capital Group before
consolidation eliminations.

e On 5 March 2013 the liquidation of PGE Inwest spdtka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia |] SKA
w likwidacji was completed and the company has been deleted from the National Court Register
(KRS).

e On 27 March 2013, PGE S.A. sold all owned shares in PGE Gubin Sp. z 0.0. to PGE Gornictwo
i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A.

e In April of 2013 MEGA Sp. z 0.0. was put into liquidation and consequently the control over the
company has been lost. Consequently MEGA Sp. z 0.0. has been excluded from consolidation.

e On 28 April 2013, the decision on deletion of the ELECTRA Bohemia s.r.o. w likwidacji from the
register of companies became valid.

e On 3 June 2013 the merger of Przedsiebiorstwo Produkcji Sorbent6w i Rekultywacji
»ELTUR-WAPORE?” Sp. z 0.0. (acquiring company) with "EPO" Sp. z 0.0. has been registered.
After the merger, the company operates under the name EPORE Sp. z 0.0.

e On 28 June 2013 PGE S.A purchased shares and stocks of the following companies:

! Dong Energy Polska S.A. (currently the company operates under the name PGE Energia
Natury S.A.) - 100%;

! Dong Energy Renewables Polska sp. z 0.0. (currently the company operates under the name
PGE Energia Natury sp. z 0.0.) - 100%;

! Dong Energy Karnice III sp. z 0.0. (currently the company operates under the name PGE
Energia Natury Karnice sp. z 0.0.) - 100%;

!_ Dong Energy Bukowo sp. z 0.0. (currently the company operates under the name PGE
Energia Natury Bukowo sp. z 0.0.) - 100%;

! Dong Energy Olecko sp. z 0.0. (currently the company operates under the name EPW Energia
Olecko sp. z 0.0.) - 81%;

! In addition, PGE Energia Natury S.A. is the sole shareholder in the companies: PGE Energia
Natury Kappa Sp. z 0.0., PGE Energia Natury Omikron Sp. z 0.0. and PGE Energia Natury
PEW Sp. zo.0o.

Details of the acquisition of these entities are described in Note 2.2 of these consolidated financial
statements.

e Starting from 30 June 2013 the company MegaSerwis Sp. z 0.0. has been included in the
consolidated financial statements. Earlier the company was not included in consolidated financial
statements, as it was in the organization.

e On 31 July 2013 PGE S.A. purchased 292.461 shares in the company Iberdrola Renewables
Polska Sp. z 0.0. (currently the company operates under the name EPW Energia Sp. z 0.0.)
representing 32,7% of its share capital. Details of the acquisition of wind farms are described in
Note 2.2 of these consolidated financial statements.

According to the cooperation agreement purchasing parties carefully tagged assets that are of
their interest and PGE S.A. exercises operational control over the selected wind farms.
Accordingly, the investment is treated as a subsidiary.

15

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

e As described in Note 1 on 31 July 2013 merger of PGE S.A. with its subsidiary PGE Energia
Jadrowa S.A. was registered. The merger has no influence on the consolidated financial
statements.

e On 29 November 2013 liquidation of the company ESP Ustugi Sp. z 0.0. w likwidacji was finished
and the company was removed from National Court Register (KRS).

e On 18 December 2013 liquidation of the company EnBud sp. z 0.0. w likwidacji was finished and
the company was removed from National Court Register (KRS).

After the balance sheet date the split of the company EPW Energia Sp. z 0.0. has been completed
and the transfer of branches belonging to PGE S.A. to PGE Energia Natury Sp. zo.o. has
materialized. On 10 February 2014 there was a decrease in the share capital of EPW Energia
Sp. z 0.0. and on 28 February 2014 the capital increase of PGE Energia Natury Sp. z 0.0. was
registered, thus ending the process of splitting the entity.

2.2. Settlement of acquisition of new subsidiaries

In 2012 and 2013 the PGE Capital Group acquired described below operating wind farms and farm
projects. The reason for the acquisition of these assets was to diversify the energy mix and to increase
the value of the Capital Group.

2.2.1 Settlement of acquisition of Zuromin and Pelplin

In 2012, PGE Energia Odnawialna S.A. acquired Pelplin Sp z 0.0. and Zuromin Sp. z 0.0, which main
assets were operating wind farms and which liabilities consisted mainly of long-term debt.

In the current period, the valuation of intangible assets of wind farms Pelplin and Zuromin acquired in
the last year was performed. On the basis of this valuation, intangible assets regarding land lease and
interconnection agreements were separated from the estimated goodwill. Since the beginning of 2013
they are subject to amortization for the period of 20 years.

Pelplin Sp. z 0.0. Zuromin Sp. z 0.0.
Acquisition price 118.897 51.140
Fair value of net assets acquired (3.846) (9.891)
Fair value of intangibles 13.100 16.900
Goodwill on consolidation 109.643 44.131

Goodwill recognized by the PGE Capital Group arises from the fact that the Group assumes a higher
value of the discounted cash flows from operating activities of acquired wind farms than the net value
of the acquired assets.

Impairment test performed as at 31 December 2013 did not indicate the need for goodwill impairment.

2.2.2 Settlement of acquisition of companies from Dong group (currently entities from the
group PGE Energia Natury) and Iberdrola (currently EPW Energia Sp. z 0.0.)

Acquisition of the Dong group companies

On 28 June 2013 PGE S.A. and Energa Hydro Sp. z 0.0. (subsidiary of Energa S.A.) concluded an
agreement with DONG Energy Wind Power A/S ("DONG Energy") concerning acquisition of stocks
and shares in companies managing operating wind farms and developing wind farms projects in
Poland. The agreement was signed as the result of the conditional agreement concluded on 19
February 2013 and permission obtained by PGE S.A. from the President of the Office of Competition
and Consumer Protection (“OCCP”) regarding concentration.

According to the agreement with DONG Energy, PGE S.A. acquired operating wind farms in Karnice
with installed capacity of 30 MW and in Jagniatkowo with installed capacity of 30.5 MW, with protected
energy and certificates collection, respectively, for the farm in Karnice till the end of 2020 and for the

16

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

farm in Jagniatkowo till the end of 2017. In addition, PGE S.A. took over package of projects with
planned capacity of about 555 MW.

The value of acquisition of stocks and shares in the companies of the Dong group per PGE S.A.
amounted to 464 million PLN.

Acquisition of shares in Iberdrola Renewables Polska Sp. z 0.0.

On 31 July 2013 PGE S.A. and Energa Hydro Sp. z 0.0 concluded with Iberdrola Renovables Energia
S.A.U. (“Iberdola”) and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) two acquisition
agreements for 100% of shares in Iberdrola Renewables Polska Sp. z 0.0. (currently EPW Energia Sp.
z 0.0.), which was managing a portfolio of wind farms in Poland. The agreements were signed as the
result of the conditional agreements concluded with Iberdrola (26 February 2013) and EBRD (21 June
2013) and permission obtained by PGE S.A. from the President of the Office of Competition and
Consumer Protection regarding concentration.

According to the agreements with Iberdrola and EBRD, PGE S.A. acquired three operating wind farms
with a total installed capacity of 70,5 MW with protected collection of energy and certificates till 2029.
PGE S.A. additionally acquired two projects at the advanced stage of development with a capacity of
36 MW. Value of transactions (Enterprise Value - EV) involving the acquisition of shares in Iberdrola
Renewables Poland Sp. z 0.0. realized by PGE S.A. amounted to 366 million PLN what represented
32.7% of the equity of the company. Fixed EV value was then adjusted, mainly by the change in
working capital. Finally, the acquisition price of the shares in the company amounted to almost 396
million PLN.

Settlement of acquisition

In the current period, the Group performed the valuation of the fair value of acquired assets in Dong
and Iberdrola companies. As a result of the performed valuations of intangible assets regarding land
lease agreements and contracts for the sale of the property rights of energy origin rights were
identified. Additionally a valuation of the fair value of acquired tangible assets (including investment
projects during development) and recultivation provisions was established.

Identified intangible assets are a subject to amortization for the period of the agreement, but no longer
than the remaining time of economic useful life of related wind farm.

Iberdrola Renewables

Dong companies Polska sp. z 0.0.

Acquisition price 464.680 395.841
Assets, including: 675.125 378.741
Value of acquired operating wind farms 330.563 311.080
Value of acquired investment projects 293.700 12.000
Intangible assets 6.412 27.400
Cash 16.762 16.991
Other assets 27.688 11.270
Liabilities, including: 274.097 25.355
Credits and loans 241.585 -
Provisions 11.660 14.495
Other liabilities 20.852 10.860
Fair value of net assets, acquired: 401.028 353.386
Goodwill on consolidation 63.652 42.455

Recognized by the PGE Capital Group goodwill arises from the fact that the Group assumes a higher
value of the discounted cash flows from operating activities of the acquired wind farms in comparison
to net value of acquired assets.

Impairment test performed as at 31 December 2013 did not indicate the need for goodwill impairment.

17

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

3. The composition of the Management Board of the Parent Company

As at 1 January 2013 the composition of the Management Board was as follows:

e Mr. Krzysztof Kilian — the President of the Management Board,

e Mrs. Bogustawa Matuszewska — the Vice-President of the Management Board,
e Mr. Wojciech Ostrowski — the Vice-President of the Management Board,

e Mr. Pawet Smolen — the Vice-President of the Management Board,

e Mr. Piotr Szymanek — the Vice-President of the Management Board.

In the period from 1 January 2013 to 31 December 2013 following changes in composition of the
Management Board took place:

e On 17 July 2013 Mr. Pawet Smolen resigned from the position of the President of the
Management Board, effective 19 July 2013.

e On 25 October 2013 the Supervisory Board adopted a resolution to dismiss the members of the
Management Board - Mrs. Bogustawa Matuszewska and Mr. Wojciech Ostrowski.

e On 14 November 2013 the Supervisory Board delegated Mr. Grzegorz Krystek — Member of the
Supervisory Board to temporarily perform the duties of a member of the Management Board,
effective 18 November 2013.

e On 14 November 2013 the Supervisory Board delegated Mr. Jacek Drozd — Member of the
Supervisory Board to temporarily perform the duties of a member of the Management Board,
effective 18 November 2013.

e On 18 November 2013 Mr. Krzysztof Kilian resigned from the position of the President of the
Management Board.

e On 23 December 2013 the Supervisory Board adopted a resolution to dismiss the member of the
Management Board - Mr. Piotr Szymanek.

e On 23 December 2013 the Supervisory Board adopted a resolution for the appointment:

! Mr. Marek Woszczyk to the position of the President of the Management Board,
effective 23 December 2013.

! Mr. Jacek Drozd to the position of the Vice-President of the Management Board,
effective 23 December 2013.

! Mr. Grzegorz Krystek to the position of the Vice-President of the Management Board,
effective 23 December 2013.

! Mr. Dariusz Marzec to the position of the Vice-President of the Management Board,
effective 24 December 2013.

As at 31 December 2013, the composition of the Management Board was as follows:
e Mr. Marek Woszczyk — the President of the Management Board,

e Mr. Jacek Drozd — the Vice-President of the Management Board,

e Mr. Grzegorz Krystek — the Vice-President of the Management Board,

e Mr. Dariusz Marzec — the Vice-President of the Management Board.

4. Approval of financial statements

These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Management Board on 12
March 2014.
18

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

5. Going concern

These consolidated financial statements were prepared under the assumption that the Group
companies will continue to operate as a going concern for the foreseeable future. As at the date of the
approval of these consolidated financial statements, there is no evidence indicating that the significant
Group companies will not be able to continue its business activities as a going concern.

6. Presentation currency

The presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements is Polish zloty (,PLN’). All the
amounts are stated in PLN thousand, unless stated otherwise.

7. Statement of compliance with International Financial Reporting
Standards

These consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with the International Financial
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and IFRS approved by the European Union (“EU”).

IFRS comprise standards and interpretations approved by International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB) and International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC).

8. The basis for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements

With regards to financial reporting obligations resulting from the planned public offering of the parent
company PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A., the Management Board decided to implement the
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union (EV). The first
consolidated financial statement of the PGE Group comprising a statement of unconditional
compliance with IFRS were the consolidated financial statements prepared for the year ended 31
December 2007.

The bookkeeping in the PGE Group entities is maintained in accordance with the accounting policies
(rules) specified in the IFRS as adopted by the European Union or in the Accounting Act dated
29 September 1994 (“the Accounting Act”) and related bylaws, and other applicable regulations
(“Polish Accounting Standards”). Moreover a subsidiary PGE Trading GmbH, seated in Germany, runs
books in compliance with German reporting regulations.

Since the consolidated financial statements comprise data derived from financial statements of
companies that maintain their books in accordance with accounting standards other than IFRS, it
includes adjustments which were not included in the books of Group entities. The purpose of these
adjustments was to make the financial statements of these entities compliant with IFRS approved by
the EU.

9. Significant values based on estimates and professional judgment

In the process of applying accounting rules with regards to the below issues, the most significant,
apart from accounting estimates, was the professional judgment of the management, which influenced
the values presented in the consolidated financial statements and in the supplementary information
and explanations. The estimates were based on the best knowledge of the Management Boards
relating to current and future operations and events in particular accounting areas. Detailed
information on the applied estimates was presented below or in relevant explanatory notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

19

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Depreciation period of non-current assets

Depreciation rates are calculated on the basis of the estimated economic useful life of an item of
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets as well as estimates of its residual value.
Capitalized costs of major inspections and overhauls are depreciated throughout the period until the
beginning of the next planned overhaul/ inspection. Estimated economic useful life of assets is subject
to verification at least once a year.

Recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment and goodwill

The electric energy market is the basic field of business activities of PGE Group entities. Changes in
this market have a significant influence on the recoverable amount of production property, plant and
equipment of particular PGE Group entities. If impairment indications exist, the Group estimates the
recoverable amount of an item of property, plant and equipment owned. Goodwill is tested for
impairment together with cash generating units.

The Group’s impairment analysis of cash generating units is based on a number of significant
assumptions, some of which are outside the control of the Group. Any significant change in these
assumptions will impact the result of future impairment tests and as a consequence may lead to
significant changes to the financial position and results of the PGE Group.

Valuation of provisions for retirement benefits

Provisions for post-employment benefits (provision for retirement and pension awards, energy tariff,
additional allowances for the Social Fund (“ZFSS”) for former employees of the Group entities,
medical benefits and coal allowances) and jubilee benefits were estimated on the basis of actuarial
methods.

Provision for recultivation of after-exploitation grounds, including recultivation and utilization
of final excavation and recultivation of ash storages

On the basis of Geological and Mining Law, lignite mines, which are the part of the Group, are obliged
to perform land recultivation after the land exploitation is finished. The proper provision is created as a
proportion of lignite excavated to the planned total lignite excavation from the layer in the expected
excavation period.

In the case of recultivation of ash storages (production waste from electricity production) the cost of
provision is recognised in operating costs in proportion to the extent of storage filling and discount is
settled with the financial costs.

Provision for recultivation of grounds after wind farms is created in the moment of commissioning of
farm in the whole value and cover estimated costs of dismantling and removal of remaining devices,
construction and buildings and also bringing grounds to condition prior the commissioning the farm as
close as possible.

Estimates concerning expected costs of recultivation are subject to revaluation at least once in 5 years
period. However, once a year the amount of provision is verified according to actual assumptions in
terms of inflation rate and discount rate. In case of provision for recultivation of after-exploitation
grounds, it is verified in terms of size of extraction.

Provision for carbon dioxide emission rights

Provisions for liabilities relating to CO2 emission rights are created in relation to the deficiency of CO,
emission allowances. The provision is established in the most appropriate estimation of expenses
necessary to fulfill the existing obligations as at the balance sheet date, including the registered value
of EVA obtained free of charge and purchased, and possibility to cover any shortage with CER or
ERU.

Other provisions and contingent liabilities

In accordance with IAS 37 with respect to recognition and measurement of provisions and contingent
liabilities, the Group estimates the probability of occurrence of potential liabilities. If the occurrence of
unfavorable future event is probable, the Group recognizes a provision in the appropriate amount. If
the occurrence of unfavorable future event is estimated by the Group as not probable but possible, the
contingent liability is recognized.

20

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Deferred tax assets

The deferred tax assets if measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied at the moment of
realization of the asset, based on tax regulations in force as at the balance sheet date. The deferred
tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
which the asset can be realized. A deterioration in taxable results in the future could make the above
assumption inappropriate.

Presentation of financial instruments

Non-derivative financial instruments with defined payment dates or determinable maturity are
classified as held-to-maturity assets applying the classification of IAS 39. For making this estimate, the
intention and possibility of holding these assets to maturity are evaluated.

Revenues from sale of electric energy estimates

Reading numbers from meters regarding the volume of electric energy sold in retail including
distribution services as well as its invoicing is performed mainly in periods different than reporting
periods. Taking into account the above, retail sale company (PGE Obrdot S.A.) and distribution
company (PGE Dystrybucja S.A.) within the Group perform certain revenues estimates at each
balance sheet date for the period not covered with a reading.

Compensations resulting from termination of long-term agreements for the sales of electric
power and energy (LTC)

Producers of electric energy, who joined the program of early termination of long-term contracts for the
sales of electric power and energy, are entitled to receive compensations to cover stranded costs. The
compensations are paid in the form of annual advances as four quarterly installments which are
adjusted on yearly basis. At the end of the adjustment period, the final amount of stranded costs will
be determined. Due to the above, the producers of electric energy of PGE Group estimate and
recognize the revenue from LTC compensations in the amount in which it will be finally approved for
the given period, i.e. after final and annual adjustments expected as at the date of the preparation of
the consolidated financial statements. For more details on estimation of the above mentioned
revenues please refer to Note 45.1 of these consolidated financial statements.

The Group’s estimations of compensation related to early termination of long-term contracts for the
sales of electric power and energy and recognition of related revenues and receivables prepared by
the Group were based on the Group’s interpretation of regulations dated 29 June 2007, the Act on
rules of covering producer’s costs related to early termination of long-term agreements for the sales of
electric power and energy (Official Journal, No. 130, item 905, year 2007) (" the LTC Act"), predictions
as to resolve disputes with the President of the Energy Regulatory Office and on a number of
significant assumptions, some of which are outside the control of the Group.

An unfavorable outcome for the PGE Group of the dispute, described in the Note 45.1 of these
financial statements, with the President of the Energy Regulation Office with respect to the
interpretation of the LTC Act and changes in assumptions used, including those resulting from planned
legal mergers within the PGE Group, may impact the estimates and as a consequence may lead to
significant changes to the financial position and results of the PGE Group. The final outcome of the
dispute with the President of the Energy Regulation Office cannot be determined as at the date of
preparation of these financial statements.

Impairment allowances on receivables

As at the balance sheet date the PGE Group entities assess whether there is an objective evidence of
impairment of receivables or a group of receivables. If the recoverable amount of assets is lower than
its carrying amount, the entity recognizes an impairment allowances to the amount of the present
value of planned cash flows.

Valuation of assets arising due to stripping costs in the production phase of a surface mine

The value of the assets due stripping costs at the production stage is determined based on the model
that takes into account, inter alia, the estimated value of the overall N-W ratio (the proportion of
overburden to lignite). The ratio is calculated based on the remaining amount of overburden to remove
to the remaining recoverable lignite resources - from the date of application of IFRIC 20 to the end of
the exploitation of lignite from the deposit component. This ratio is calculated based on the best

21

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

knowledge of the technical services of the mine at the end of each year and may be subject to change
in case of acquisition of new information on the size of the deposit and the way it is located
underground.

Measurement of fair values of acquired assets and liabilities, and goodwill calculation

PGE Capital Group recognizes and measures fair value of assets and liabilities, and recognizes
goodwill or gain on bargain purchase in accordance with IFRS 3 Business combinations.
Measurement is based on a number of assumptions, which include inter alia: application of
appropriate valuation method, management's plans relating to the use of acquired assets, financial
projections (including price forecasts influencing main positions of revenues and expenses), changes
in laws and regulations and other. Moreover, appropriate determination of the consideration
transferred also influences the transaction settlements (including contingent part).

Assumptions applied may significantly influence fair values of acquired assets and liabilities, and
calculation of goodwill or gain on bargain purchase.

10. Change of estimates

In the period covered by the consolidated financial statements, the following significant changes to
estimates influencing the numbers presented in the consolidated financial statements took place:

e During the reporting period the Group has updated estimates of recoverable value of some
tangible assets. Changes of estimations are presented in Note 21 of these financial statements.

e During the reporting period the Group has updated estimates of economic useful life of some
tangible assets. Changes of estimations are presented in Note 21 of these financial statements.

e During the reporting period the Group updated the estimates of compensations of the LTC. Details
are described in note 45.1 of these financial statements.

e Change of discount rate and other assumptions used to calculate the current value of provisions,
particularly recultivation provisions and actuarial provisions. Changes in the value of provisions
were presented in Notes 34 and 35 of these financial statements.

e Provisions are liabilities of uncertain timing or amount. During the reporting period, the Group
changed estimations regarding the basis and amounts of some provisions, including in particular
provision for liability due to carbon dioxide emission. Changes of estimations are presented in
Note 35 of these financial statements.

e Trade receivables from the Group companies, including in particular presented by the retail
company are a subject to periodical evaluation in terms of their recoverability. Changes in trade
receivable allowances are presented in Note 43.11 of these financial statements.

22

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

11. New standards and interpretations published, not yet effective

The following standards, changes in already effective standards and interpretations are not endorsed
by the European Union and are not effective as at 1 January 2013:

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (with amendments) — no mandatory effective date set.

IFRS 14 Regulatory Deferral Accounts — effective for the periods starting 1 January 2016.
IFRIC 21 Levies — effective for the periods starting 1 January 2014.

Amendments to IAS 19 Employee Benefits — effective for the periods starting 1 July 2014.

Amendments to set of standards (IFRS 1, IFRS 2, IFRS 3, IFRS 8, IFRS 13, IAS 16, IAS 24, IAS
38, IAS 40) — effective for the periods starting 1 July 2014.

The following standards, changes in already effective standards and interpretations are adopted by
the European Union but are not effective as at 1 January 2013:

Amendments to IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation — effective for the periods starting
1 January 2014.

IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements — effective for the periods starting 1 January 2014.
IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements — effective for the periods starting 1 January 2014.

IFRS 12 Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities — effective for the periods starting 1 January
2014.

Amended IAS 27 Separate Financial Statements - effective for the periods starting
1 January 2014.

Amended IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures — effective for the periods starting
1 January 2014.

Amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements, IFRS 12 Joint Arrangements and
Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities: Transition Guidance and MSR 27 Separate Financial
Statements (matters relating to investments in other entities) — effective for periods starting
1 January 2014.

Amendments to IAS 36 Impairment of Assets (disclosure relating to the recoverable value of non-
financial assets) — effective for periods starting 1 January 2014.

Amendments to IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (issues relating to
the novation of derivatives and hedge accounting continuation) — effective for periods starting
1 January 2014.

Earlier implementation of selected standards is described in note 13 of these financial statements.

The influence of new regulations on future financial statements of the Capital Group

The new IFRS 9 Financial instruments introduces fundamental changes to classifying, presenting and
measuring of financial instruments. These changes will possibly have material influence on future
financial statements of the Group. At the date of preparation of these financial statements IFRS 9 is
not yet approved by the European Union and as a result its impact on the future financial statements
of the PGE Group is not yet determined.

Other standards and their changes should have no significant impact on future financial statements of
the PGE Capital Group.

23

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12. Accounting principles applied
The most significant accounting principles applied are presented below.
12.1. Consolidation principles

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of PGE Polska Grupa
Energetyczna S.A. and financial data of its subsidiaries. Financial statements of subsidiaries are
prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company’s, with the use of consistent accounting
principles, based on unified accounting principles related to classes of transactions and events of
similar characteristics.

All significant Intra-Group balances and transactions, including unrealized gains from Intra-Group
transactions, were fully eliminated. Unrealized losses are eliminated, unless they prove the impairment
of assets.

The consolidation of subsidiaries begins on the day of taking over the control and is finished when the
control ceases. Control is normally evidenced when the Group holds directly or indirectly more than
50% of the voting rights in a company or it is possible to prove that a certain number of voting rights
represents control. Control is also evidenced when the Group is able to govern the financial and
operating policies of a company so as to benefit from the results of its activity.

Businesses combinations under common control

IFRS 3 Business Combinations does not apply to entities or businesses under common control both
before and after business combinations. A business combination involving entities or businesses
under common control is a business combination in which all of the combining entities or businesses
are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the business combination,
and that control is not transitory. In such cases, the Group should apply IAS 8 Accounting Policies,
Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, paragraph 10-12, and choose a relevant accounting
policy. In making the above judgment, the management may also consider the most recent
pronouncements of other standard-setting bodies that use a similar conceptual framework as IASB

With regards to the fact that both standards and IASB conceptual framework do not contain either
requirements or insights on business combinations under common control, PGE Polska Grupa
Energetyczna S.A. chooses an accounting principle according to which such transactions are settled
under the pooling of interest method. The pooling of interest method is a method of accounting in
which financial information of associates, including the aggregated amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses are summarized after initial implementation of a unified method of
measurement and relevant eliminations. Share capitals of entities are eliminated if their shares were
contributed to PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A. Specified positions in equity are adjusted with a
difference between the aggregated amounts of assets and liabilities. All Intra-Group balances and
transactions, including unrealized gains from Intra-Group transactions, are fully eliminated. Unrealized
losses are eliminated, unless they prove to be impaired. The consolidated financial statements of the
Group, which include entities under common control, prepared for the reporting year in which the
business combination took place, comprise comparative financial data for the previous reporting year
measured as if the business combination took place at the beginning of the previous financial year.

Applying the acquisition method
Acquisition of companies from unrelated entities is accounted for under the acquisition method.

The cost of acquisition is measured at fair values at the date of exchange of assets given, issued
equity instruments, incurred or assumed liabilities plus any cost related directly to the acquisition.
Identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities at the date of business combination are
measured at their fair values regardless of the minority interest.

Goodwill is initially recognized at the acquisition price being the excess of the cost of the acquisition
over the acquirer's share in the net fair value of identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities
at the acquisition date. After initial recognition, goodwill shall be measured at cost less any
accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill on acquisition in not amortized. Goodwill is to be tested for
impairment at least annually (or more frequently if there are any events or triggers that could indicate
possible impairment).

24

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12.2. Investments in associates

Investments in associates are recognized using the equity method. An associate is an entity over
which the Parent Company directly, or through dependent entities, has a significant influence and that
associate is neither a subsidiary nor an interest in a joint venture. Financial statements of associates
are the basis for measurement of parent-owned shares using the equity method. The associates and
the parent company have the same financial year.

Upon initial recognition, investments in associates are recognised at cost, and the carrying amount is
increased or decreased to recognize the investor's share in the investee’s net assets after the date of
acquisition less impairment losses if applicable. The investor’s share of the profit or loss of the
investee is recognized in the investor’s profit or loss. Adjustments recognized directly in the equity of
associates, are recognized in the share owned by the parent company and disclosed in statement of
changes in equity if such disclosure is justified.

12.3. | Methods applied to translation of data denominated in foreign currencies

Transactions denominated in currencies other than Polish zloty were translated into Polish zlotys at
the rate on the transaction date. As at the balance sheet date:

e Monetary items were translated at the closing rate on the balance sheet date (the closing rate is
the average exchange rate established by the National Bank of Poland for this day).

e Non-monetary items were valued at historical cost in foreign currency at an exchange rate on the
day of the first transaction (exchange rate of the bank of the company).

e Non-monetary items measured at fair value in foreign currency are translated at an exchange rate
on the day of fair value measurement.

Foreign exchange differences resulting from translation are recognized in the profit or loss or, in cases
specified in the accounting principles (policies) applied, recorded in the value of assets.

Foreign exchange differences resulting from translation of non-monetary items, such as equity
instruments measured at fair value through the profit or loss, are recognized as a change in fair value.

Foreign exchange differences resulting from translation of non-monetary items, such as equity
instruments classified as financial assets available for sale, are recognized in revaluation reserve.

Foreign exchange differences resulting from translation of assets and liabilities of foreign entities are
recognized in equity.

The following exchange rates were used for the valuation of monetary items denominated in foreign
currencies at the respective period end:

31 December 2013 31 December 2012
USD 3,0120 3,0996
EUR 4,1472 4,0882

25

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12.4. Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are assets:

e held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, for rental to others, or for
administrative purposes;

e expected to be used for more than one year;
e for which it is probable that future economic benefits associated with them will flow to the entity;
e the cost of which can be measured reliably.

Significant items of property, plant and equipment used before the date of transition to IFRS, i.e. 1
January 2006, were measured at fair value as at this date (deemed cost). Differences between fair
value and carrying amount were recognized in retained earnings. Property, plant and equipment as
well as property, plant and equipment under construction after the date of transition to IFRS are
measured at cost of acquisition or cost of manufacturing.

After recognition as an asset, an item of property, plant and equipment is measured at its net value,
i.e. initial value (or at deemed cost for items of property, plant and equipment used before the
transition to IFRS) less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. Initial value
comprises of purchase price including all costs directly attributable to the purchase and making
capable of operating. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises an estimate of
the costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located, the
obligation for which an entity incurs either when the item is acquired or as a consequence of having
used the item during a particular period for purposes other than to produce inventories during that
period. Capitalization of costs ends when the item is brought to the location and conditions necessary
for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the management.

As at the day of acquiring or manufacturing of the item of property, plant and equipment or as at the
day of transition to IFRS, in case of existing items of property, plant and equipment, all significant
elements compared to the acquisition price, cost of manufacture or deemed cost of the whole position
of components being a part of an item of property, plant and equipment and are depreciated
separately.

The Group also recognizes as a component of property, plant and equipment the cost of major
overhauls (excluding the identified and separated main components, which are depreciated
separately).

Major special spare parts and stand-by equipment of significant value qualify as property, plant and
equipment when an entity expects to use them during more than one year. Other spare parts and
servicing equipment are usually carried as inventories and recognized in the profit or loss as
consumed, except for costs of replacement of parts during an overhaul of an item of property, plant
and equipment. The assessment of significant value is subject to verification at least once a year

The depreciable amount is the cost of an asset less its residual value. Depreciation commences when
the component of the plant, property and equipment is available for use. Depreciation is based on a
depreciation plan reflecting the future useful life of the asset. The depreciation method used shall
reflect the pattern in which the item of plant, property and equipment future economic benefits are
expected to be consumed by the entity.

Major inspection and overhauls recognized as a component of property, plant and equipment are
depreciated starting the next day after finishing the inspection/overhaul until the beginning of the next
overhaul/inspection.

Major spare parts and stand-by equipment of significant value qualified as property, plant and
equipment are depreciated during the remaining economic useful life of the related item (i.e. from the
purchase date of the component till the end of the usage of the property, plant and equipment).

26

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

The following useful lives are adopted for property, plant and equipment:

Average remaining Average depreciation

Group depreciation period in period in years
years
Buildings and structures 17 20 — 40
Machinery and equipment 14 5-15
Vehicles 6 5-7
Other 10 3-10

Depreciation methods, depreciation rates and residual values of property, plant and equipment are
verified at least each financial year. Changes identified during verification are accounted for as a
change in an accounting estimate and possible adjustments to depreciation amounts are recognized
in the year in which the verification took place and in the following periods.

If there have been events or changes which indicate that the carrying amount of property, plant and
equipment may not be recoverable, the assets are analyzed for potential impairment. If there are
indications of impairment, and the carrying amount exceeds the estimated recoverable amount, the
value of those assets or cash-generating units to which the assets belong is decreased to the
recoverable amount by appropriate impairment write-downs.

Investments relating to fixed assets under construction or assembly are recognized at cost of
acquisition or cost of manufacturing less impairment losses. Property, plant and equipment under
construction is not depreciated until the construction is completed and the items are available for use.

Stripping costs

Surface mines from the Group recognize stripping costs incurred during the construction and start of
the mine as assets and present them as tangible assets. At the moment of start of lignite exploitation
those capitalized cost are systematically depreciated using the natural method of depreciation based
on the amount of the lignite.

In the event that the conditions recorded in the interpretation of IFRIC 20 are met, mines also
recognize as a tangible asset so-called deferred stripping — stripping costs incurred during the
production phase stripping costs. An asset of the stripping activity is systematically depreciated using
the natural method of depreciation based on the amount of coal mined from certain coalfield.

12.5. Investment property

The Group recognizes property as investment property when it is held to earn rentals, for capital
appreciation, or both, instead of being for:

e use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes; or
e sale in the ordinary course of business.

An investment property is measured initially at its cost (cost of acquisition or cost of manufacturing).
The cost of a purchased investment property comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable
expenditure.

Transfers to investment property is made when, and only when, there is a change in use, evidenced
by end-of-owner-occupation, commencement of an operating lease or end of construction or
development of an investment property.

27

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12.6. Intangible assets
An intangible asset is an identifiable non-monetary asset without physical substance, such as:

e assets acquired by the Group entities and recognized in non-current assets, with an economic
useful life exceeding one year intended to be used by the company,

e development costs,

e goodwill excluding internally generated goodwill,
e acquired right of perpetual usufruct of land

e easements acquired and set free

The right of perpetual usufruct of land obtained free of charge by an administrative decision is not
recognized in the statement of financial position.

As at the date of initial recognition of an intangible asset, it is measured initially at acquisition or
production cost with respect to development costs. After initial recognition, an intangible asset shall be
carried at its cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. The
cost of an internally generated intangible asset, except for development costs, are not capitalized and
are recorded in profit or loss for the period when the related cost was incurred.

The Group assesses whether the useful life of intangible assets is definite or indefinite. If the useful life
is definite, the Group estimates the length of useful period, the volume of production or other
measures as the basis to define the useful life. An intangible asset is regarded as having an indefinite
useful life when, based on an analysis of all of the relevant factors, there is no foreseeable limit to the
period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflows for the entity.

The amortizable amount of an intangible asset with a definite useful life is determined after deducting
its residual value. The Group adopted a policy according to which the residual value of an intangible
asset with a definite useful life shall be assumed to be zero unless:

there is a commitment by a third party to purchase the asset at the end of its useful life — the
residual value is based on the amount recoverable from disposal; or

there is an active market for the asset and residual value can be determined by reference to that
market and it is probable that such a market will exist at the end of the asset’s useful life.

The amortizable amount of an intangible asset with a definite useful life shall be allocated on a
systematic basis over its useful life. Amortization starts when the asset is available for use.

Intangible assets with a definite useful life are amortized over their useful life and analyzed for
potential impairment, if there are indications of impairment. The amortization period and method are
reviewed at least each financial year. If the expected useful life of the asset is different from previous
estimates, the amortization period is changed accordingly. If there has been a change in the expected
pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset, the amortization period
and method are changed to reflect the changed pattern, which is treated as change of estimate.

Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life and those not being used are subject to impairment
testing each year. The following useful lives are adopted for intangible assets:

Average remaining Average amortization period
Group amortization period in years in years
Acquired patents and licenses 5 3-5
Costs of finished developed works 4 3-5
Other 9 3-25
28

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12.7. Research and development costs

All intangible assets internally generated by the Group are not recognized as assets, but rather as
expenses in profit or loss in the period when the related costs are incurred, except for development
costs. An intangible asset arising from development shall be recognized if, and only if, the Group
demonstrates all of the following:

e the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale,
e _ its intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it,

e _ its ability to use or sell the intangible asset,

e how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits,

e the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
and to use or sell the intangible asset, and

e its ability to reliably measure the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
development.

12.8. Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs, including relevant foreign exchange differences, that are directly attributable to the
acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset shall be eligible for capitalization to items
of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. In case of exchange differences arising from
foreign currency borrowings, these are capitalized to the extent that they are regarded as an
adjustment to interest costs.

12.9. Financial assets

Financial assets are classified in the following categories:

e Held-to-maturity investments (HTM),

e Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVP),
e Loans and receivables,

e Available-for-sale financial assets (AFS).

12.9.1 Held-to-maturity investments

Held-to-maturity investments are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments
and fixed maturity that the Group has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity. Held-to-
maturity investments shall be measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. If the
maturity exceeds 12 months, the financial assets held to maturity are classified as long-term assets.

12.9.2 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

A financial asset at fair value through profit or loss is a financial asset that meets either of the following
conditions:

e It is classified as held for trading. A financial asset is classified as held for trading if it is:
- acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling in the near term;

- part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together and for which
there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

- aderivative, except for a derivative that is a designated and effective hedging instrument.

29

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

e Upon initial recognition it is designated by the entity as at fair value through profit or loss (in
accordance with IAS 39). Any financial asset within the scope of this standard may be designated
when initially recognized as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss except for
investments in equity instruments that do not have a quoted market price in an active market, and
whose fair value cannot be reliably measured.

These assets are measured at fair value considering the market value as at the balance sheet date.
The change in fair value of those assets classified as FVP is recognized in financial income or
expense in the statement of comprehensive income.

12.9.3 Loans granted and receivables

Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that
are not quoted in an active market. They are classified as current assets, if their maturity does not
exceed 12 months from the balance sheet date. Loans and receivables with maturity exceeding 12
months are classified as non-current assets.

If the time value of money is significantly over the period, the assets are measured at a discounted
value. Loans and receivables are recognized at amortized cost.

12.9.4 Available-for-sale financial assets

All other financial assets are account for as available-for-sale financial assets. Financial assets
available for sale are recognized at fair value as at each balance sheet date. Fair value of an
instrument which does not have a quoted market price is estimated with regards to another instrument
of similar characteristics or based on future cash flows relevant to an investment asset (measurement
at discounted cash flow method).

Positive and negative differences between fair value of available-for-sale financial assets (if their price
is determinable on a regulated active market or if the fair value may be estimated by some other
reliable method) and cost, net of deferred tax, are recognized in other comprehensive income, except
for:

e impairment losses,
e exchange gains and losses arising on monetary assets,
e interest recognized using the effective interest rate method.

Dividends from equity instrument in the AFS portfolio shall be recognized in profit or loss on the date
that the Group’s right to receive payment is established.

12.10. Impairment of non-financial non-current assets

The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may be
impaired. If any such indication exists, or if there is a need to perform an annual impairment testing,
the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit.

Recoverable amount is defined as the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit's fair value less
costs to sell and its value in use. Recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the
asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or
groups of assets. If the carrying value is higher than the recoverable value, an impairment loss is
recorded. When estimating the value in use of an asset, future cash flows are discounted to the
present value using a discount rate before tax, which represents current market estimate of time value
of money and risk relevant to an asset. Impairment losses applicable to assets used in continuing
operations are reflected in costs relating to the function of impaired assets.

30

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12.11. Derivatives and hedging instruments

The Group uses derivatives in order to hedge against the risk relevant to changes in interest rates and
exchange rates. The most frequently used derivatives are forward contracts and interest rate swaps.
Such derivatives are designated at fair value. Depending on whether the value of a derivative is
positive or negative, it is recognized as a financial asset or financial liability, respectively.

The gain or loss from the change in value of the hedging instrument at fair value (for a derivative
hedging instrument not qualifying for hedge accounting) is recognized directly in profit or loss.

The fair value of currency forward contracts is estimated with reference to current forward rates for
contracts of similar maturity. Fair value of interest rate swaps is estimated with reference to the market
value of similar financial instruments.

12.12. Inventories

Inventories are assets:

e held for sale in the ordinary course of business;
e inthe process of production for such sale; or

e in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production process or in the rendering
of services.

Inventories include purchased, produced or received rights of origin of electricity produced from
renewable energy sources, property rights relating to energy generated in cogeneration and rights for
energy efficiency certificates. Carbon dioxide emission rights held for trading are also considered as
goods.

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
Cost of usage of inventories is determined as follows:

e materials and merchandise — at weighed average cost, however in case of representation and
advertising materials and office supplies the purchases may be recognized in profit or loss in the
period when incurred,

e energy origin rights — according to detailed identification.

As at the balance sheet date, the cost of inventories cannot be higher than net realizable value. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

31

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12.13. Greenhouse gas emission rights

Group under the course of business emits carbon dioxide to the atmosphere. Demand for carbon
dioxide emission rights is partially covered free of charge but the remaining part Group have to obtain
from the market. In order to meet the demand of conventional generating units PGE Polska Grupa
Energetyczna S.A. concludes external purchase transactions for greenhouse gas emission rights.
Additionally the Group concludes commercial transactions of purchase/sell of greenhouse gas
emission rights in order to realize profit from market prices fluctuations.

Greenhouse gas emission rights for unit own purposes

A separate item in the statement of financial position is used for presentation of European Union
Allowances (EUA) for carbon emissions, designed for the own use purposes, and other units
redeemable pursuant to greenhouse gas emissions (CER, ERU) - received gratuitously or purchased.
EUA received gratuitously are presented in the statement of financial position in nominal value, which
is zero. Purchased EUA are presented at purchase price.

Use of CO, emission rights for unit own purposes is valued at average weighted rate, however
emission rights acquired free of charge are included in the calculation of average weighted rate
proportionally to the passage of time.

Inventories of emission of greenhouse gases held for trading

Greenhouse gas emissions, acquired in order to realize profits from fluctuations in market prices, are
measured at fair value less costs of disposal, disposals are measured using detailed identification
method.

Financial instruments relating to greenhouse gas emission rights
Commodity forwards

The Company recognizes and measures commodity forwards for purchase / sale of greenhouse gas
emissions rights as derivatives held for trading. The Company measures these contracts as
derivatives at fair value through profit or loss.

Forward foreign exchange (FX Forward)

The Company enters into FX forward contracts to hedge the cash flows associated with exchange rate
fluctuations on transactions of purchase / sale of greenhouse gas emissions rights. The Company
recognizes FX Forwards as a derivative measured at fair value through profit or loss.

12.14. Trade receivables

The recoverable amount of receivables is measured at least at each balance sheet date in the amount
due, i.e. at the nominal value increased by applicable penalty interest, in accordance with the principle
of prudence, i.e. less applicable impairment losses.

The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any objective evidence that a
receivable or a group of receivables is impaired. If the recoverable amount of the receivable is lower
than the carrying amount, the amount of the impairment loss is measured as the difference between
the carrying amount of the receivable and the present value of estimated future cash flows.

Receivable allowance is recognized as other operating expenses or financial expenses, depending on
the nature of receivable.

Long-term receivables are measured at present (discounted) value.

32

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12.15. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an
insignificant risk of changes in value.

12.16. Other assets and prepayments

The Group recognizes an asset as a prepayment under the following conditions:
an expense was incurred in the past in relation to the Group’s operating activity,
it can be reliably measured,
it refers to future reporting periods.

Prepayments are recognized at reliably measured amounts, relate to future periods and will generate
future economic benefits for the Group.

A prepayment is amortized over time or in proportion to the value of goods and services provided. The
period and method of the settlement is based on the characteristics of the relevant expenses, in
accordance with the principle of prudence.

Other assets also comprise receivables from the state.

12.17. Equity

Equity is stated at nominal value, classified by nature, in accordance with legal regulations and the
Company’s Articles of Association.

Share capital in the statement of financial position is stated at the value specified in the parent
company’s Articles of Association and as registered in the Court Register. Declared, but not yet
contributed, share capital contributions are recognized as outstanding share capital contributions as
negative value.

12.18. Provisions

The Group raises a provision when the Group entities have a present obligation (legal or constructive)
as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits
will be required to settle the obligation, and if a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation.

Provisions are recognized in profit or loss as operating expenses, other operating expenses or
financial expenses, depending on the nature of the future obligations.

When the effect of the time value of money is significant, the amount of a provision is the present
value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation.

The discount rate (or rates) is a pre-tax rate (or rates) that reflect(s) current market assessments of the
time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The discount rate(s) does not reflect risks for
which future cash flow estimates have been adjusted.

33

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

The following provisions are expected to be raised in particular:
12.18.1 Provision for social benefits

The value of liabilities in relation to former employees is estimated on the basis of conditions of
Corporate Collective Labor Agreements (Zaktadowe Uktady Zbiorowe Pracy) or other legal
regulations. These liabilities result from employees’ rights acquired during the employment period. The
provision raised is recognized as an operating expense in the amount corresponding with accrued
future employees’ benefits.

Provision for cash equivalent related to energy tariff for employees of power industry

Based on the Inter-Corporate Collective Labor Agreement (Ponadzaktadowy Uktad Zbiorowy Pracy)
amended in 2005, the Group entities are obliged to pay a so called “energy tariff’, to former
employees of the energy industry. Due to the above, since December 2005 the PGE Group entities
raise appropriate provision. The provision is estimated by an actuary. The provision is recognized as
operating expenses.

Retirement and pension benefits and jubilee awards

According to the institutional defined remuneration system the employees of Group entities are entitled
to receive jubilee, retirement and pension benefits. Jubilee awards are paid after an employee has
worked for a specified period of time. Retirement and pension benefits are paid once when the
employee retires or becomes a pensioner. The amount of benefits paid depends on the period of
service and the average remuneration of the employee. The Group recognizes a provision for future
obligations relevant to retirement and pension benefits and jubilee awards for the purpose of assigning
costs to the periods in which they are incurred. According to IAS 19 jubilee awards are classified as
other long-term employee benefits, whereas the retirement and pension benefits are classified as
post-employment benefits. The present value of these obligations is measured by an independent
actuary at each balance sheet date. The recognized liability in relation to the defined benefit plan
comprises discounted future payments, taking into account employee turnover, as at the balance
sheet date. Demographic assumptions and employee turnover information are based on historical
data.

Actuarial gains and losses arising from the change of assumptions and variation of discount
rate

Actuarial gains and losses arising from the change of actuarial assumptions (including the change of
discount rate) and ex post actuarial adjustments are presented as follows:

for post-employment benefits - as other comprehensive income,

for jubilee benefits and other short- and long-term benefits - as operating costs of the current
period.

12.18.2 Provision for recultivation of post-exploitation grounds, including recultivation
and development of final excavations and recultivation of ash storages

The mining companies which belong to the Group raise provisions for recultivation costs of post-
exploitation grounds. The value of the provision is based on the estimated cost of recultivation and
development works related to final excavations. In case of mining excavations, the provision is created
based on the proportion of the lignite excavated to the total planned volume of excavation over the
period of exploitation. The estimates of planned recultivation costs are updated at least once every 5
years; however at each year-end the amount of the recultivation provision is verified with regards to
inflation rate, discount rate and the volume of excavation. The portion of the provision used in the
given period is recognized in operating expenses, the difference resulting from discount of provision
from previous years is reflected as financial income or expenses.

34

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

The cost of creating a provision for recultivation of ash storages (electricity post-production waste) is
recognized in operating costs proportionally as the storage is filled, and the discount is recognized in
financial expenses.

Provision for recultivation of land after the construction of wind farms is created in a full amount at
time of transfer to use and includes all estimated costs of disassembling and disposal of remaining
equipment, structures and buildings and includes bringing the land to the state close as possible from
the moment before the construction of the farm.

12.18.3 Provision for deficit of greenhouse gas emission rights

The provision for CO emission is created in the amount relating to this part of CO emission which is
not covered by allowances obtained for free. That provision is presented in the short- and/or long-term
part, depending on the anticipated time of utilization. The provision is established in the amount
corresponding to the most appropriate estimation of expenses necessary to fulfill the existing
obligations as at the balance sheet date, particularly in regard to the EUA purchased, and possibly to
cover any shortage with CER or ERU. Purchase of allowances, which will be used for unit own
purposes do not reduce unit liability due to shortage of allowances till the date of their physical
redemption.

To meet the statutory requirements, the Group makes, at the date of redemption, offset of acquired
EUA and/or CER, ERU and provisions for CO, emission rights.

Expense relating to recognised provision is presented in operating costs, as costs of goods sold by
function and taxes and charges in costs by kind.

12.19. Profit-based payments for employees benefits and special funds

According to Polish industry practice, shareholders may distribute the Group’s profit as employee
benefits, such as: an allocation to the Social Fund (ZFSS) or employee profit share. Such payments
are reflected in statutory financial statements, similarly to dividend payments, as changes in equity.
According to IFRS, profit allocation to the Social Fund or employee profit share are classified as
operating expenses in the period for which the profit distribution took place.

12.20. Liabilities

Liabilities are the Group’s present obligations, arising from past events, settlement of which will cause
an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits from the Group.

Trade and other liabilities are stated at the amount due. When the effect of the time value of money is
significant, long-term liabilities are presented at the present (discounted) value.

A liability is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
it is expected to be settled in the Group’s normal operating cycle;
it is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
it is due to be settled within twelve months after the balance sheet date; or

the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve
months after the balance sheet date.

All other liabilities are classified as non-current. .

If the Group expects, and has the discretion, to refinance or roll over a liability for at least twelve
months after the balance sheet date under an existing loan facility, it classifies the liability as non-
current, even if it would otherwise be due within a shorter period. However, when refinancing or rolling
over the liability is not at the discretion of the entity (for example, there is no agreement to refinance),
the potential to refinance is not considered and the liability is classified as current.

35

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Some current liabilities, such as trade payables, are part of the working capital used in the entity's
normal operating cycle. Such operating items are classified as current liabilities even if they are due to
be settled more than twelve months after the balance sheet date.

12.21. The Social Fund

The Group off-sets liabilities and assets of the Social Fund, the Efficiency Improvement Fund and
other employee benefit funds. Such an arrangement reflects the relationship between the entity and
the Funds, in which the entity is a trustee. This means, that the entity has legal title to the Funds’
assets, however the Funds are the beneficiaries.

12.22. Deferred income

Deferred income is recognized under the principle of prudence and the accrual basis. Deferred income
comprises:

e Amounts received or due from business partners to be realized in subsequent reporting periods.
Deferred income from connection fees that were received before 1 July 2009 is recognized evenly
in revenues from sales of products.

e Grants obtained to finance acquisition or production of fixed assets, fixed assets under
construction and development works, recognized through other operating income in an amount
equivalent to the depreciation charges on non-current assets financed from this source. This
applies in particular to forgiven loans and credits and grants to acquire an item of property, plant
and equipment and to finance development works.

e Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets acquired free of charge. Deferred income is
amortized to other operating income in line with the depreciation charges on these fixed assets.

e Revenues relevant to sale and leaseback of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.

12.23. Leasing

A finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership
of an asset. Title may or may not eventually be transferred. At the commencement of the lease term,
the lessees recognizes finance leases as assets and liabilities in the statement of financial positions at
amounts equal to the fair value of the leased property or, if lower, the present value of the minimum
lease payments, each determined at the inception of the lease. Any initial direct costs of the lessee
are added to the amount recognized as an asset. Classification of the lease is made at the lease
inception, based on the economic substance of the lease agreement. Minimum lease payments are
apportioned between the finance charge and reduction of the outstanding liability. The finance charge
is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest
on the remaining balance of the liability. Financial costs are recognized in financial expenses in profit
or loss throughout the lease term in the periods in which they are incurred.

An operating lease is a lease under which the lessor retains significant part of the risks and rewards
incidental to ownership of the asset. Lease payments under an operating lease are recognized as an
expense on a Straight-line basis over the lease term unless another systematic basis is more
representative of the time pattern of the user’s benefit.

12.24. Taxes

Corporate income tax in the statement of comprehensive income comprises actual fiscal charges for
the reporting period calculated by the Group entities in accordance with regulations of the Corporate
Income Tax Act and the change in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities other than that
charged or credited directly to equity.

36

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability is calculated on the basis of temporary differences between
the carrying amount of a given asset or liability and its tax base and tax loss as recoverable in the
future.

A deferred tax liability shall be recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except to the extent
that the deferred tax liability arises from:

the initial recognition of goodwill or the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction
which is not a business combination and at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting
profit nor taxable profit (tax loss)

taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and
associates, and interests in joint ventures if the parent, investor or venturer is able to control the
timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference
will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

A deferred tax asset is recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is
probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be
utilized, unless the deferred tax asset arises from:

the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and
at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit (tax loss),

deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and
associates, and interests in joint ventures, where a deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent
that, and only to the extent that, it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the
foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary difference can
be utilized.

The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at each balance sheet date. The Group
reduces the carrying amount of the deferred tax asset to the extent that it is no longer probable that
sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or all of deferred tax asset to be
utilized.

12.25. Revenues

Revenue from sales is recognized when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the
sale transaction will flow to the Group and the amount of the revenue can be measured reliably. The
revenue is recognized after deducting value added tax (VAT), excise tax and other sales-based taxes
as well as discounts. When recognizing the revenue, the criteria specified below are also taken into
account.

12.25.1 Revenues from sale of goods and merchandise

Revenues from the sale of goods and merchandise are recognized when related risks and rewards
have been transferred and when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured and costs incurred
can be reliably estimated.

Revenues from sale of goods and merchandise primarily include:

amounts receivable from wholesale and retail sale of: electricity, heat energy, lignite, certificates of
energy origin from renewable energy sources, certificates of production of energy in high
efficiency cogeneration plants, greenhouse gas emission rights and rendered services relevant to
core business operations based at net price, excluding applicable discounts, rebates and excise
tax,

amounts receivable from sales of materials and merchandise based on the net price, excluding
applicable discounts and rebates.

37

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

12.25.2 Revenues from services rendered

When the outcome of a transaction involving the rendering of long-term services can be estimated
reliably, revenue associated with the transaction is recognized by reference to the stage of completion
of the transaction at the balance sheet date less revenue recognized in the previous reporting periods.
Depending on the class of transaction, the stage of completion of the transaction is recognized on the
basis of:

surveys of work performed;
services performed to date as a percentage of total services to be performed; or

the proportion of costs incurred to a given date to the estimated total costs of the transaction. Only
costs that reflect services performed to date are included in costs incurred to date. Only costs that
reflect services performed or to be performed are included in the estimated total costs of the
transaction.

When the outcome of the transaction involving the rendering of services cannot be estimated reliably,
revenue are recognized only to the extent of the expenses recognized that are recoverable.

12.25.3 Revenues from LTC compensations

In accordance with the Act on rules of covering producers’ costs related to early termination of
long-term contracts for the sales of electric power and energy (LTC) dated 29 June 2007, the entities
of the PGE Capital Group receive compensations in the form of quarter advances to cover stranded
costs. The annual adjustment is made after the end of each year and the final adjustment is made
after the termination of LTC.

The Group entities as revenue of the period recognize, received as advances, cash, corrected by
annual adjustment and adequate part of planned final adjustment. The allocation of the final
adjustment to the reporting period is based on the expected sales of electricity and system services in
the adjusting period, taking into account the final adjustment. The model is discounted with risk free
rate.

Changes in receivables allowances for LTC are presented in other operating revenues or expenses.

12.26. Cost of goods sold
Cost of goods sold includes:

production costs incurred in the reporting period adjusted for related changes in inventories
(finished goods, semi-finished products and production in progress) and costs related to
production of goods for the Group’s own use,

value of electricity sold and goods and materials at purchase prices.

Costs that are directly attributable to revenues recognized affect the profit or loss for the reporting
period in which they were incurred.

Production costs that can only be indirectly attributed to revenues or other economic benefits
recognized by the entities, are recognized in profit or loss in proportion relevant to the given reporting
period, under the accrual principle and the principles of measurement of property, plant and
equipment and inventories.

12.27. Other operating revenues and expenses

Other operating expenses and revenues include in particular:
profit or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
raising and reversing provisions, except from allowances related to financial operations
or reflected in cost of goods sold,

38

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

acquiring or disposal of assets and cash free of charge, including donations,

due and obtained compensations, penalties and other expenses not relating to core operations.

12.28. Financial revenues and expenses
Financial revenues and expenses include in particular gains or losses relating to:
disposal of financial assets, investment property and investment in entities not consolidated,

revaluation of financial instruments, except financial assets available for sale, the result of which is
reflected in revaluation reserve,

share of profits of other entities,
interest,
changes in provisions related to passage of time (unwinding of the discount effect),

exchange differences resulting from operations performed during the reporting period and
measurement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, except for
the exchange differences recognized in the initial value of an item of property, plant
and equipment, to the extent they are recognized as an adjustment to interest expense
and exchange differences related to valuation of financial instruments classified to AFS portfolio,

other items related to financial operations.

Interest income and expenses are recognized over the respective period using the effective interest
method relating to the carrying amount of a given financial instrument. Dividends are recognized when
the shareholders’ right to receive payments is established.

12.29. Earnings per share

Net earnings per share for each period are calculated by dividing the net profit for a given period
allocated to shareholders of the parent company by the weighted average number of shares during
that period.

12.30. Statement of cash flows

Statement of cash flows is prepared using the indirect method.

13. Change of accounting principles and data presentation
Early adoption of new financial standards

The Group decided to early adopt the following standards and their application from 2013:

e Revised IAS 27 Separate Financial Statements
e IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements

e IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements

e IFRS 12 Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities

The implementation of these new standards and amendments did not result in the need to restate the
comparable periods

39

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Changes in applied accounting policies — IFRIC 20

New interpretation of IFRIC 20 which unifies recognition of stripping costs in the production phase of
a surface mine is effective for annual periods beginning on 1 January 2013. According to the former
accounting policy the Group recognized such expenses in the statement of the comprehensive income
when incurred. Currently part of the above-mentioned costs are recognized as an asset and then
depreciated. The Group adopted IFRIC 20 starting from 1 January 2012. Therefore, the Group
restated the data presented in the comparative consolidated financial statements for 2012.

Changes in applied accounting policy regarding valuation of emission rights trading portfolio

In 2013, the Capital Group changed the valuation principles of purchased greenhouse gas emission
rights. According to the former rules greenhouse gas emissions rights, were measured at the
purchase price and the forward contracts for purchase/ sale of these rights were not measured and
recognized in the financial statements.

In accordance with the current accounting policy part of the rights, which were acquired, in order to
realize profits from fluctuations in market prices, is recognized in inventories at fair value less costs of
disposal. Forward contracts for the purchase / sale of greenhouse gas emission rights, are recognized
as derivatives held for trading. The fair value of financial instruments related to greenhouse gases
emission rights (foreign currency forwards and commodity forwards) is presented in the statement of
financial position as financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss. Changes in the
fair value of these instruments, as well as the change in the value of inventories of emission rights
measured at fair value (held for trading ) is recognized as a separate position in the note regarding
financial income or expenses.

The changes in the accounting policy resulted in a more reliable valuation of the transaction.
Changes in applied accounting policies — CO, emission rights acquired free of charge

In accordance with the previous accounting policy the Group recognized greenhouse gas emission
rights free of charge in fair value and provision for obligation of redemption rights was created for
whole CO, emission. After changes in applied accounting policies emission rights acquired free of
charge are presented in the statement of financial position in the nominal value, which is zero.
Provision for liabilities due to CO emission is created in a part which is not covered by emission rights
acquired free of charge.

After change of accounting policies the Group adopted the most common approach used by Polish
energy market operators making its statement of financial position more comparable to others
companies from the industry.

Changes in applied accounting policies — right of perpetual usufruct of land

In 2013, the Group has changed the rules for the presentation of perpetual usufruct of land from other
long and short-term assets to intangible assets.

The data restatement is presented in below tables. Information presented in other notes to these
financial statements has also been restated accordingly.

40

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at Perpetual Change in CO2 As at
(January = usufruct of Valuation = 4 January 2012
201 2 land (acquired free of (restated)
(published data) charge)
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 42.974.819 - - 42.974.819
Investment property 33.286 - - 33.286
Intangible assets 216.921 44.860 - 261.781
Loans and receivables 323.473 - - 323.473
Available-for-sale financial assets 100.751 - - 100.751
Sharon sneciates aground fo 55.02 - 8.062
Other long-term assets 440.157 (43.643) - 396.514
Deferred tax asset 296.387 - - 296.387
Sone nests tes sor sor
Total non-current assets 44.444.933 1.217 - 44.446.150
Currents assets
Inventories 1.305.327 - - 1.305.327
Emission rights 3.366.988 - (2.910.557) 456.431
Income tax receivables 31.920 - - 31.920
Short-term financial assets at fair value . . . .
through profit or loss
Trade receivables 1.767.739 - - 1.767.739
Other loans and financial assets 2.784.000 - - 2.784.000
Avallable-for-sale short-term financial 8.432 . . 8.432
Other current assets 947.056 (1.217) - 945.839
Cash and cash equivalents 4.052.238 - - 4.052.238
Assets classified as held-for-sale 33.067 - - 33.067
cporationg related to discontinued 20.931 . . 20.931
Total currents assets 14.317.698 (1.217) (2.910.557) 11.405.924
41

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

Change in
As at Perpetual CO, As at
1 January 2012 —usufruct of valuation 1 January 2012
(published data) land (acquired free of (restated)
charge)

Equity
Share capital 18.697.837 - 18.697.837
Revaluation reserve (777) - (777)
Treasury shares (229) - (229)
Foreign exchange differences from
translation of 6.292 - 6.292
foreign entities
Reserve capital 8.553.143 - 8.553.143
Other capital reserves 49.779 - 49.779
Retained earnings 13.393.571 (70.573) 13.322.998
Equity attributable to non-controlling 413.994 (1.025) 412.969
interest

Total equity 41.113.610 (71.598) 41.042.012

Long-term liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and 1.341.351 . 1.341.351
borrowings, bonds and lease
Other liabilities 17.864 - 17.864
Provisions 3.289.921 - 3.289.921
Deferred tax liabilities 1.370.515 (16.796) 1.353.719
Deferred income and government 1.255.298 . 1.255.298
grants
Long-term liabilities related to 667 . 667
discontinued operations

Total long-term liabilities 7.275.616 (16.796) 7.258.820
Short-term liabilities
Trade liabilities 1.117.172 - 1.117.172
Financial liabilities at fair value 48.093 . 48.093
through profit or loss
Interest-bearing loans, borrowings, 697.661 . 697.661
bonds and lease
Other short-term financial liabilities 1.826.613 - 1.826.613
Other short-term non-financial 1.499.755 . 4.499.755
liabilities
Income tax liabilities 414.618 - 414.618
Deferred income and government 417.117 . 117417
grants
Short-term provisions 4.634.462 (2.822.163) 1.812.299
Short-term liabilities related to 17.914 . 17.914
discontinued operations

42

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

As at : Change in As at
31 December Implementation Cone ton CO. valuation 31 December
2012 of IFRIC 20 2 (trade) (acquired free of 2012
(published data) charge) (restated)
Total sales revenues 30.556.814 - (75.738) - 30.481.076
Costs of goods sold (22.345.193) 549.105 75.483 (41.607) (21.762.212)
Gross profit on sales 8.211.621 549.105 (255) (41.607) 8.718.864
Other operating revenues 782.721 - - - 782.721
Distribution and selling (1.495.512) . . . (1.495.512)
expenses
General and administrative (764.903) . . . (764.903)
expenses
Other operating expenses (2.863.411) - - - (2.863.411)
Profit from operations 3.870.516 549.105 (255) (41.607) 4.377.759
Financial revenues 612.886 - 107 - 612.993
Financial expenses (367.295) - 148 - (367.147)
Share of profit of associate (13.570) - - - (13.570)
Profit before tax 4.102.537 549.105 - (41.607) 4.610.035
Corporate income tax (869.703) (104.330) - 7.905 (966.128)
Net profit from continuing 3.232.834 444.775 . (33.702) 3.643.907
operations
Discontinued operations
Profit/ (loss) for the period on 278 . . . 278
discontinued operations
Net profit for the operating 3.233.112 444.775 . (33.702) 3.644.185
period
Other comprehensive income
for the period, net (165.538) - - - (165.538)
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 3.067.574 444.775 - (33.702) 3.478.647
Net profit attributable to:
. equity holders of the parent 3.211.070 438.403 - (33.219) 3.616.254
company
= non-controlling interest 22.042 6.372 - (483) 27.931
Total comprehensive income
attributable to:
equity holders of the parent
- 3.046.414 438.403 - (33.219) 3.451.598
company
- non controlling interest 21.160 6.372 - (483) 27.049
Earnings per share (in PLN)
_ basic earnings per share for 1,72 0,23 . (0,02) 1,93
the period
. basic earnings from the 1,72 0,23 . (0,02) 1,93
continuing operations
43

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

. Change in
As at ; Perpetual Change in ce As at
31 December Implementation (1s isuct CO2 2 31 December
2012 of IFRIC 20 of land valuation valuation . 2012
(published data) (trade) a aeilied o (restated)

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment 43.189.196 549.105 - - - 43.738.301

Investment property 28.283 - - - - 28.283

Intangible assets 462.422 - 50.342 - - 512.764

Loans and receivables 329.395 - - - - 329.395

Available-for-sale financial 33.256 7 7 . 7 33.256

assets

Shares in associates

accounted for under the equity 40.454 - - - - 40.454

method

Other long-term assets 407.221 - (50.055) - - 357.166

Deferred tax asset 367.079 - - - - 367.079
Total non-current assets 44.857.306 549.105 287 - - 45.406.698
Currents assets

Inventories 2.213.180 - - (13.307) - 2.199.873

Emission rights 2.890.584 - - - (2.099.436) 791.148

Income tax receivables 8.918 - - - - 8.918

Short-term financial assets at 5 526 7 7 13.307 7 18.833

fair value through profit or loss

Trade receivables 1.894.733 - - - - 1.894.733

Other loans and financial 768.200 7 7 . 7 768.200

assets

Available-for-sale short-term 4377 7 7 . 7 4.377

financial assets

Other current assets 806.233 - (287) - - 805.946

Cash and cash equivalents 4.795.493 - - - - 4.795.493

Assets classified as held-for- 9.385 7 7 . 7 9.385
Total currents assets 13.396.629 - (287) - (2.099.436) 11.296.906

44

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at j Change in CO2 As at
31 December Implementation valuation 31 December
2012 of IFRIC 20 (acquired free of 2012
(published data) charge) (restated)
Equity
Share capital 18.697.608 - - 18.697.608
Foreign exchange differences from
translation of 3.742 - - 3.742
foreign entities
Reserve capital 9.687.596 - - 9.687.596
Other capital reserves 49.779 - - 49.779
Retained earnings 11.943.593 438.403 (103.792) 12.278.204
Equity attributable to non-controlling 289.493 6.372 (1.508) 294.357
Total equity 40.671.811 444.775 (105.300) 41.011.286
Long-term liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and 1.085.244 . 7 1.085.244
borrowings, bonds and lease
Other liabilities 22.038 - - 22.038
Provisions 4.695.414 - - 4.695.414
Deferred tax liabilities 1.467.801 104.330 (24.700) 1.547.431
Deferred income and government 1.124.754 . 7 4.124.754
grants
Total long-term liabilities 8.395.251 104.330 (24.700) 8.474.881
Short-term liabilities
Trade liabilities 1.201.870 - - 1.201.870
Financial liabilities at fair value 36.513 . 7 36.513
through profit or loss
Interest-bearing loans, borrowings, 811.447 . 7 811.447
bonds and lease
Other short-term financial liabilities 1.546.320 - - 1.546.320
Other short-term non-financial 1.557.993 . 7 1.557.993
liabilities
Income tax liabilities 231.234 - - 231.234
Deferred income and government 123.401 . 7 123.401
grants
Short-term provisions 3.678.095 - (1.969.436) 1.708.659
Total short-term liabilities 9.186.873 - (1.969.436) 7.217.437
45

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

As at Change in Change in
As at
31 Implementation Perpetual cOz COz 31 December
December of IFRIC 20 usufruct —_yaluation valuation 2012
2012 of land (acquired free (acquired free of (restated)
(published data) of charge) charge)
Cash flow from operating
activities
Profit before tax related to 340 7 7 . . 340
discontinued operations
Profit before tax related to 4.102.537 549.105 - - (41.607) 4.610.035
continuing operations
Adjustments for:
Share of profit from associates
accounted for under the equity 13.570 - - - - 13.570
method
Depreciation and amortization 2.920.051 11.303 1.022 - - 2.932.376
Interest and dividend, net (23.077) - - - - (23.077)
Profit / loss on investment activities (32.460) - - (18.685) - (51.145)
Change in receivables (348.926) - - 5.526 - (343.400)
Change in inventories (908.576) - - 13.307 - (895.269)
Change in liabilities, excluding loans
and bank credits (33.027) ° ° (148) ° (33.175)
Change in other non-financial
assets, prepayments and emission 300.886 - 6.699 - (811.120) (503.535)
right
Change in provisions 229.166 - - - 852.727 1.081.893
Income tax paid (966.728) : - - - (966.728)
Other 1.588.978 - - - - 1.588.978
Net cash from operating activities = 349.734 560.408 7.724 - - _ 7.410.863
Cash flow from investing
activities
Disposal of property, plant and 34.273 7 7 . . 34.273
equipment and intangible assets
Purchase of property, plant and (4.399.349) (560.408) (7.721) - - (4.967.478)
equipment and intangible assets
Purchase/ disposal of investment 1.436 7 7 . . 1.436
property
Disposal of financial assets 2.188.380 - - - - 2.188.380
Purchase of financial assets and
increase in share capital in Group (65.839) - - - - (65.839)
companies
Purchase/ disposal of subsidiaries 703.509 7 7 . . 703.509
after deduction of acquired cash
Dividends received 3.867 - - - - 3.867
Interest received 35.804 - - - - 35.804
Repayment of loans 191.593 - - - - 191.593
Loans repaid (678.224) - - - - (678.224)
Other 33.665 - - - - 33.665
Net cash from investing activities (1.950.885) (560.408) (7.721) - - (2.519.014)
46

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

14. Operating segments
The Group reporting is based on business segments:

e Conventional Energy includes exploration and mining of lignite and production of energy in the
Group power plants and heat and power plants;

e Renewable Energy includes generation of energy in pumped storage power plants and from
renewable sources;

e Wholesale includes trade in electricity on the wholesale market, trading in emissions certificates
and property rights related to energy origin units and fuel trading;

e Distribution includes management over local distribution networks and delivery of electricity with
the use of these networks;

e Retail sale includes sale of electricity and rendering services to end users;

Organization and management over the Group is based on the division into segments, taking into
account the nature of the products and services. Each segment represents a strategic business unit,
offering different products and serving different markets. Assignment of particular entities to operating
segments is described in Note 2 of these financial statements. Transactions between segments are
settled within the Group as if they were concluded with third parties — under market conditions.

Additionally, the Group presents geographical areas of its activities, however these do not represent
operating segments.

Seasonality of business segments

Atmospheric conditions cause seasonality of demand for electricity and heat, and have an impact on
technical and economic conditions of their production, distribution and transmission, and thus
influence the results obtained by the companies of PGE Group.

The level of electricity sales per year is variable and depends primarily on air temperature and day
length. As a rule, lower air temperature in winter and shorter days cause the growth of electricity
demand, while higher temperatures and longer days during the summer contribute to its decline.
Moreover, seasonal changes are evident among selected groups of end users. Seasonality effects are
more significant in particular for households than for the industrial sector.

Sales of heat depends in particular on air temperature and is higher in winter and lower in summer.

Segment Analysis

Analyzing the activity of individual segments, the management of the Group pays special attention to
revenues, operating profit (EBIT), operating profit before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and
capex expenditures.

47

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
PGE ~ PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Information on business segments

Segment: Segment: Segment: Segment: Segment: Consolidation Total continued
Period ended 31 December 2013 Conventional energy Renewable energy Wholesale Distribution Retail sale Other activities . .
adjustments operations

Revenues
Revenues from sales to external 11.818.706 636.014 2.682.969 1.420.773 12.774 467 775.828 36.098 30.134.855
Revenues from sales between segments 392.629 97.512 9.805.647 4.195.565 233.394 1.062.310 (15.787.057) -
Total revenues from segments 12.211.335 733.526 12.488.616 5.616.338 13.007.861 1.838.138 (15.750.959) 30.144.855
Result
EBIT *) 2.184.236 187.967 964.989 1.221.199 279.568 29.188 193.294 5.060.441
EBITDA **) 3.819.959 386.048 982.805 2.209.131 287.739 144.909 194.278 8.024.869
Net financial revenues (expenses) (270)
Share of profit of associates (987)
Profit (loss) before tax 5.059.184
Corporate income tax (916.021)

4.143.163

Assets and liabi
Assets of the segments excluding trade

receivables 30.782.277 3.263.326 500.372 14.878.871 646.255 1.082.694 (299.322) 50.854.473
Trade receivables 242.257 74.214 779.299 313.583 1.418.242 351.277 (986.784) 2.192.088
Shares in associates 9.033
Unallocated assets 7.695.714
Total assets 60.751.308
Liabilities of the segment excluding trade
7.885.494 236.400 225.440 1.848.760 1.541.184 381.382 (291.924) 11.826.736
543.527 37.461 143.254 205.521 644.978 288.864 (868.771) 934.834
ies 4.341.475
17.103.045
Other information on business segments
Capital expenditures 2.722.101 195.869 12.955 1.334.878 6.283 178.019 (93.545) 4.356.560
Purchase ofnon-current assets (net value) - 721.822 - 7 - - 304.677 1.116.499
within acquired new companies
li i tall fi ial and -
mpairment allowances on tinancial and non 389.548 18.684 973 39.889 14.479 7.332 (35.128) 435.777
financial assets
Amortization, depreciation 1.635.723 198.081 17.816 987.932 8.171 115.721 984 2.964.428

Other non-monetary expenses ***) 1.299.318 3.351 18.297 63.503 888.397 49.116 (215.079) 2.106.903
*) EBIT = profit (loss) from operating activities

**) EBITDA= EBIT + depreciation/amortization

***) Non-monetary changes of provisions inter alia: provisions for retirement and pension awards, recultivation, provision for liability due to carbon dioxide emission rights, jubilee awards, employee tariff that

are recognized in profit or loss and other comprehensive income

48
Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
PGE ~ PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Si t: Ss t: Ss t: Ss t: Si it:
Period ended 31 December 2012 egment egmen egmen . egmen egmen age Consolidation Total continued
Conventional energy Renewable energy Wholesale Distribution Retail sale Other activities . .
(restated data) adjustments operations
Revenues
Revenues from sales to external 14.301.574 553.088 1.121.593 1.229.466 12.421.352 816.120 37.883 30.481.076
Revenues from sales between segments 780.083 20.822 9.451.550 4.309.277 188.501 929.599 (15.679.832) -
Total revenues from segments 15.081.657 573.910 10.573.143 5.538.743 12.609.853 1.745.719 (15.641.949) 30.481.076
Result
EBIT *) 2.520.642 102.569 554.535 1.028.953 218.672 (114.302) 66.690 4.377.759
EBITDA **) 4.243.916 250.483 573.873 1.970.663 227.577 (1.677) 45.300 7.310.135
Net financial revenues (expenses) 245.846
Share of profit of associates (13.570)
Profit (loss) before tax 4.610.035
Corporate income tax (966.128)
(loss) for the reporting year 3.643.907
Assets and liabi S
Assets of th its luding trad
Seis one segmenis exclucing race 29.442.432 2.400.570 737.107 14.579.855 913.655 1.053.894 (694.032) 48.433.481
receivables
Trade receivables 403.559 61.048 761.904 299.331 1.212.689 331.341 (1.175.139) 1.894.733
Shares in associates - - - - - - - 40.454
Unallocated assets 6.334.936
Total assets 56.703.604
6.404.433 135.153 336.750 1.770.216 1.823.140 404.231 (58.831) 10.815.092
764.285 24.620 501.545 229.707 534.094 230.444 (1.082.825) 1.201.870
Unallocated liab' 3.675.356
Total liabil 15.692.318
Other information on business segments
Capital expenditures 3.336.335 126.677 4.727 1.339.296 4.600 135.797 (124.000) 4.823.432
Purchase of non-current assets (net value) 113 659.999 - - - - 195.422 855.535
Impairment allowances on financial and non-
financial assets 1.665.044 42.660 66.202 7.149 25.388 17.111 (25.672) 1.797.882
Amortization, depreciation 1.723.274 147.914 19.338 941.710 8.905 112.625 (21.390) 2.932.376
Other non-monetary expenses ***) 3.330.714 14.122 (189.965) 263.006 1.158.658 87.809 - 4.664.344

*) EBIT = profit (loss) from operating activities
**) EBITDA= EBIT + depreciation/amortization
***) Non-monetary changes of provisions inter alia: provisions for retirement and pension awards, recultivation, provision for lia

are recognized in profit or loss and other comprehensive income

ity due to carbon dioxide emission rights, jubilee awards, employee tariff that

49
Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

Information on geographical areas

Period ended 31 December 2013

Revenues Domestic market EU countries Other countries Total
Revenues from continuing 29.478.092 652.275 14.488 30.144.855
operations
Revenues from the area 29.478.092 652.275 14.488 30.144.855

Other information on the Domestic market EU countries Other countries Total
Assets of the area 53.037.672 8.889 - 53.046.561
Unallocated assets 7.633.421 62.096 197 7.695.714
Investments in associates 9.033 - - 9.033
Total assets 60.680.126 70.985 197 60.751.308
Period ended 31 December 2012

Revenues Domestic market EU countries Other countries Total
Revenues from continuing 29.975.728 487.871 17.477 30.481.076
operations
Revenues from the area 29.975.728 487.871 17.477 30.481.076
Other information on the Domestic market EU countries Other countries Total
Assets of the area 50.315.348 12.866 - 50.328.214
Unallocated assets 6.293.933 36.717 4.286 6.334.936
Investments in associates 40.454 - - 40.454
Total assets 56.649.735 49.583 4.286 56.703.604

50

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

15. Revenues and expenses

15.1. Sales revenues

Period ended

Period ended 31 December 2012

31 December 2013

Revenues from operating activities (restated)
gales of finished goods and merchandise with excise 29.677.331 28.984.500
Excise tax (506.611) (466.284)
Revenues from sale of finished goods and 29.170.720 28.518.216
Revenues from sale of services 634.936 599.158
Revenues from leases 38.373 36.401
Revenues from LTC compensations 300.826 1.327.301
Sales revenues 30.144.855 30.481.076

The issue of revenues from LTC compensations is described in Note 45.1 of these financial
statements.

15.2. | Costs by type and functions

Period ended Period ended

31 December 2012
Costs by type 31 December 2013 (restated)
Depreciation/amortization 2.964.428 2.932.376
Materials and energy 3.513.976 4.124.432
External services 2.304.554 2.499.729
Taxes and charges 3.363.242 2.254.302
Personnel expenses 4.325.727 4.846.793
Other costs by type 353.684 322.250
Total costs by type 16.825.611 16.979.882
Change in inventories 12.443 (14.613)
Cost of products and services for the entity’s own (1.577.409) (1.443.388)
Distribution and selling expenses (1.244.134) (1.495.512)
General and administrative expenses (795.359) (764.903)
Cost of merchandise and materials sold 10.148.910 8.500.746
Cost of goods sold 23.370.062 21.762.212

Significant increase in ,Taxes and charges” position is caused mainly by provision for liability due to
carbon dioxide emission rights, described in Note 35.3 of these financial statements.

51

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

15.3. | Other operating revenues and expenses

Period ended

Other operating revenues

31 December 2013

Period ended
31 December 2012

Adjustment of revenues from LTC compensations 336.892 199.629
and intangitio asset plant and equipment 23.531 16.839
Reversal of impairment allowances for receivables 16.502 31.387
Reversal of impairment allowances for other assets 10.950 2.329
Provisions reversed 110.536 262.791
Shange in discount reeuitvation provision due to 225 764 .
Compensations, penalties and fines received 174.764 144.377
Grants received 18.535 18.377
Taxes refunded 3.257 12.415
Court fees refunded 6.562 4.347
Assets acquired free of charge 6.278 20.461
Surpluses / disclosures of assets 26.846 28.547
Revenues from illegal energy consumption 9.383 6.949
Other 56.088 34.273
Total other operating revenues 1.025.888 782.721

The issue of revenues from LTC compensations is described in Note 45.1 of these financial

statements.

Period ended

Other operating expenses

31 December 2013

Period ended
31 December 2012

Impairment allowances raised for receivables 68.192 64.569
Impairment allowances raised for other assets 346.724 1.676.021
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment

and intangible assets 812 803
Provisions raised 125.562 106.942
Shange in discount recultivation provision due to 7 886.201
Donations granted 29.849 5.896
Compensation paid 5.576 3.369
Court fees paid 25.208 8.494
Liquidation of damages/ removal of failures 39.988 49.313
Scrapping of non-current assets 21.220 20.841
Forgiveness of receivables 2.252 8.352
Costs of social activities 8.679 4.269
Settlement of inventory shortages 4.130 6.487
Other 22.555 21.854
Total other operating expenses 700.747 2.863.411

Impairment allowances raised for other assets relate mainly to impairment allowance of generation
assets. These events are discussed in Note 21 to these consolidated financial statements.

52

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

15.4. | Financial revenues and expenses

. . Period ended Period ended
Financial revenues 31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Financial revenues from financial instruments 299.861 570.011
Dividends 2.479 3.944
Interest revenue 220.984 391.920
Revaluation 57.109 19.230
Profit on disposal of investments 15.077 58.295
Exchange gains 4.212 96.622
Other financial revenues 14.045 42.982
Discount rate adjustment - 127
Interest on statutory receivables 108 3.250
Provisions reversed 6.097 38.633
Other 7.840 972
Total financial revenues 313.906 612.993

The Group presents interest incomes arising mainly from cash investments and bonds issued by third
parties.

Financial instruments revaluation concern mainly transactions related to carbon dioxide emission
rights on so called trading portfolio, described in note 15.5.

In 2012, earnings from sales of investments were mainly related to the sale of a non-controlling stake
in Towarowa Gietda Energii S.A.

A Period ended
Financial expenses 34 Period endee 3 31 December 2012
(restated)
Financial expenses from financial instruments 77.111 202.197
Interest expenses 68.958 83.894
Revaluation 170 356
Impairment losses 4.616 69.333
Loss on disposal of investments 1.155 10
Exchange losses 2.212 48.604
Other financial expenses 237.065 164.950
Interest expenses (effect of discount unwinding) 188.712 156.420
Interest paid relating to state liabilities 861 2.369
Provisions created 38.227 2.680
Other 9.265 3.481
Total financial expenses 314.176 367.147

Impairment of investment recognized in 2012 relates mainly to impairment of shares of AWSA Holland
Il BV.

Interest cost (unwinding of discount) of non-financial items relates mainly to provisions for employee
benefits and provisions for recultivation.

Costs of provision created in period ended 31 December 2013 concern mainly claims for interests on
late payment of dividend in PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A.

53

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

15.5. Valuation of carbon dioxide emission rights

As described in Note 13 of the these financial statements in “revaluation” in financial revenues and
costs the Group recognizes result of transactions related to carbon dioxide emission rights on so
called trading portfolio. The impact of particular items related to carbon dioxide emission rights on
financial revenues and expenses is presented below.

Period ended
31 December 2013

Financial revenues

Valuation of commodity forward 95.696
Valuation of foreign currency forward 8.700
Profit on sale of carbon dioxide emission rights outside the PGE Capital Group 5.854
Profit on realization of foreign currency forward 2.436
Impairment allowances of commodity spot 555

Financial expenses

Commodity spot valuation (66.616)
Foreign currency forward valuation (6.573)
Financial revenues/ (expenses) related to carbon dioxide trading portfolio 40.052

During the period ended 31 December 2012, the total impact of above events on the financial income
amounted to PLN 5.568 thousand.

54

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

15.6. Depreciation costs and impairment losses in the statement of comprehensive
income
: Period ended
Period ended
31 December 2013 31 December 2012
(restated)
Included in cost of goods sold: 2.906.360 2.868.590
Property, plant and equipment depreciation 2.842.943 2.809.119
Impairment allowances on property, plant and equipment 6.220 13.215
Amortization and impairment allowances on intangible assets 54.209 44.983
Other 2.988 1.273
Included in distribution and selling expenses: 15.229 19.964
Depreciation and impairment allowances on property, plant and 12.629 17.116
equipment
Amortization and impairment allowances on intangible assets 2.600 2.848
Included in general and administrative expenses: 39.157 40.075
Depreciation and impairment allowances on property, plant and 32.299 33.661
equipment
Amortization and impairment allowances on intangible assets 6.853 6.414
Other 82 -
Included in other operating expenses: 346.291 1.658.562
Depreciation and impairment allowances on property, plant and
equipment 346.246 1.658.497
Amortization and impairment allowances on intangible assets 45 65
Included in other operating revenues: 10.498 -
Impairment allowances on property, plant and equipment 10.951 -
Impairment allowances on intangible assets (453) -
Included in change in inventories 3.357 3.447
Included in cost of products and services for the entity’s own 325 300

use

16. Employee benefits expenses
Period ended Period ended
31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Payroll 3.168.953 3.182.500
Social security expenses 612.259 618.962
Retirement and pensions costs 14.515 26.462
Jubilee awards and allowances 104.733 92.637
Other post-employment benefits 20.258 31.191
Other employee benefits 405.009 895.041
Total employee benefits expenses: 4.325.727 4.846.793
Included in cost of goods sold 3.408.452 3.900.024
Included in distribution and selling expenses 270.046 267.088
Included in general and administrative expenses 466.516 491.914
Included in cost of products and services for the entity’s own use 180.713 187.767
55

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

17. Income tax
17.1. Tax disclosed in the statement of comprehensive income

Main elements of income tax expense for the periods ended 31 December 2013 and 31 December
2012 are as follows:

Period ended

Period ended 31 December 2012

31 December 2013

(restated)
Profit or loss
Current income tax expense 807.977 797.844
Previous periods’ current income tax adjustments (27.589) 5.067
Deferred tax 135.633 163.217
Income tax expense presented in profit or loss 916.021 966.128
Income tax expenses presented in discontinued . 62
operations
Other comprehensive income
Tax recognized in other comprehensive income (equity) 59.198 (38.238)

A reconciliation of the calculation of income tax on profit before tax at the statutory tax rate and
income tax calculated according to the effective tax rate for the Group is as follows:

Period ended

Period ended 31 December 2012

31 December 2013

(restated)
Profit before tax from continued operations 5.059.184 4.610.035
Profit before tax from discontinued operations - 340
Profit before tax 5.059.184 4.610.375
Income tax according to Polish statutory tax rate of 19% 961.245 883.876
Previous periods current income tax adjustments (27.589) 5.067
Previous periods deferred income tax adjustments (3.271) -
The use of tax losses previously not recognized as deferred (819) .
tax assets
Allowance for deferred tax assets raised 3.089 -
Costs not recognized as tax-deductible costs 70.598 79.962
Non-taxable revenues (36.880) (58.061)
Other (50.352) 55.346
Tax at effective tax rate 916.021 966.190
amounting to 18,1% [2012: 21,0%]
Income tax (expense) as presented in statement of profit or 916.021 966.128
loss : .
Income tax attributable to discontinued operations - 62

In the position of other differences are mainly recognized adjustments relating to deferred tax
estimates by PGE Group subsidiaries.

56

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

17.2. Deferred tax disclosed in statement of financial position
As at 31 December 2012
Components of deferred tax liability 31 December 2013 (restated)
1996-2000 investment relief 804 838
Difference between tax value and carrying value of property, 2.487.459 2.153.022
plant and equipment
Accrued interest on deposits, loans granted, bonds and 51.933 52.520
receivables
Difference between tax value and carrying value of other 327 290
financial assets
Difference between tax value and carrying value of financial 31.167 14.440
liabilities
Current period revenues unrealized for tax purposes 150.982 140.800
Difference between tax value and carrying value of energy 70.384 60.899
origin units
Revenues from accrued LTC compensations 647.093 632.633
Accrued revenues 138.127 133.584
CO, emission rights 234.637 513.137
Other 51.718 55.931
Gross deferred tax liability 3.864.631 3.758.094
As at
As at
31 December 2012
31D ber 2013
Components of deferred tax assets eeember (restated)
Difference between tax value and carrying value of property, 493.620 414.365
plant and equipment
Current period costs not realized for tax purpose 169.533 128.303
Provisions for employee benefits 453.329 503.836
Provisions for recultivation 369.028 376.243
Accrued employee bonuses 22.394 23.048
Difference between tax value and carrying value of financial 24.166 7541
assets
Difference between tax value and carrying value of financial 18.844 25.487
liabilities
Difference between tax value and carrying value of 40.689 27.367
inventories
Payroll and other employee benefits 24.434 19.330
Tax losses 6.458 1.542
Energy infrastructure acquired free of charge and connection 154.975 161.365
payments received
Provision due to shortage of COz emission rights 272.033 429.836
Other provisions 66.366 51.276
Provision for energy origin units 75.298 142.715
Compensations from reversal of LTC 215.441 177.534
Other 98.957 88.807
Gross deferred tax asset 2.505.565 2.578.595
Impairment allowances on tax asset (3.940) (853)
Net deferred tax asset 2.501.625 2.577.742
After off-set of balances at the Group companies’ level the
deferred tax of the Group is presented as:
Deferred tax asset 302.040 367.079
Deferred tax liability (1.665.046) (1.547.431)
57

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)
18. Non-current assets classified as held for sale
Property, plant and equipment comprise social holiday resorts of PGE Dystrybucja S.A. Stock and

shares classified as held for sale comprise packages of stock and shares in companies excluded from
the consolidated financial statements of PGE Group.

As at As at
31 December 2013 31 December 2012

Assets

Intangible assets - -
Property, plant and equipment 7.229 8.029
Stock and shares classified as held for sale 356 1.356
Assets classified as held for sale 7.585 9.385

Liabilities directly associated with non-current assets
classified as held for sale

Net assets/liabilities classified as held for sale 7.585 9.385

19. Discontinued operations

During the year ended 31 December 2013 the parent company and key subsidiaries did not
discontinue any significant operations. However, in PGE Capital Group there are carried out activities
under which assets, that are not closely related to core business, are sold.

20. Assets and liabilities of the Social Fund

The Social Fund Act of 4 March 1994 states that a social fund is created by employers employing over
20 full time employees. The Group entities create such a fund and perform periodical allowances. The
fund does not possess any property, plant and equipment. The goal of the fund is to subsidize the
social activity for employees of the Group, loans granted to its employees and other social expenses.

The Capital Group entities compensated the Fund’s assets with liabilities as the Fund’s assets do not
represent the assets of the Group.

As at 31 December 2013, assets assigned to the social fund in the Group amounted to PLN 165.853
thousand and as at 31 December 2012, PLN 179.880 thousand.

58

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PGE~

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

21. Property, plant and equipment

Other property,
Buildings and Machinery and plant and Construction in
31 December 2013 Land construction equipment Vehicles equipment progress Total

Gross book value

Opening balance 222.502 27.177.146 32.147.146 569.155 961.764 3.102.993 64.180.706
Direct purchase - 726 6.320 3.697 3.023 4.253.910 4.267.676
Transfer from construction in progress 15.474 1.318.562 2.796.385 66.854 646.718 (4.843.993) -
Sales/ disposals (2.912) (33.848) (23.671) (32.985) (1.801) (268) (95.485)
Transfer between groups - (2.771) 2.948 27 (204) - -
Scrapping (4) (70.578) (507.153) (4.245) (7.349) (9) (589.338)
Acquisition of subsidiary 106 252.245 517.033 - 898 315.969 1.086.251
Disposal of subsidiary (2.979) (935) (5.099) (4.262) (178) (16.236) (29.689)
Other changes in values 52.732 (7.836) (61.467) 690 (3.783) (41.647) (61.311)
Closing balance 284.919 28.632.711 34.872.442 598.931 1.599.088 2.770.719 68.758.810
Depreciation and impairment allowances

Opening balance 14.419 7.973.842 11.596.277 307.870 304.101 245.896 20.442.405
Depreciation for the period 5.268 1.173.188 1.600.717 49.016 62.814 - 2.891.003
Increase of impairment allowances 248 86.342 193.778 189 708 73.101 354.366
Decrease of impairment allowances - (4.342) (7.476) - (49) (521) (12.388)
Sales/ disposals (838) (15.092) (20.661) (28.494) (1.660) - (66.745)
Transfers between groups - 98 102 - (200) - -
Scrapping - (54.125) (496.761) (3.890) (7.091) - (561.867)
Acquisition of subsidiary - 36.805 91.851 - 77 - 128.733
Disposal of subsidiary (2.652) (519) (3.733) (3.460) (166) - (10.530)
Other changes in values 4.709 (9.730) 2.899 8 (1.669) (28.684) (32.467)
Closing balance 21.154 9.186.467 12.956.993 321.239 356.865 289.792 23.132.510
Opening balance net book value 208.083 19.203.304 20.550.869 261.285 657.663 2.857.097 43.738.301
Closing balance net book value 263.765 19.446.244 21.915.449 277.692 1.242.223 2.480.927 45.626.300

59

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
“PGE~

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Other property,
31 December 2012 Buildings and Machinery and plant and Construction in
(restated) Land construction equipment Vehicles equipment progress Total

Gross book value

Opening balance 195.256 25.566.620 30.450.110 547.541 386.558 2.269.938 59.416.023
Direct purchase 8 524 3.782 2.897 3.041 4.685.855 4.696.107
Transfer from construction in progress 11.841 1.513.525 1.647.837 39.665 589.987 (3.802.855) -
Sales/ disposals (910) (12.935) (30.535) (26.065) (817) (832) (72.094)
Transfer between groups - (1.001) 908 (17) 110 - -
Donations and transfers free of charge 1 13.129 208 (176) - - 13.162
Scrapping (5) (97.819) (382.350) (1.722) (6.096) (19) (488.011)
Acquisition of subsidiary 253 217.794 446.774 - 81 15 664.917
Disposal of subsidiary (455) (17.013) (2.266) (233) (10.692) (2.839) (33.498)
Other changes in values 16.513 (5.678) 12.678 7.265 (408) (46.270) (15.900)
Closing balance 222.502 27.177.146 32.147.146 569.155 961.764 3.102.993 64.180.706
Depreciation and impairment allowances

Opening balance 9.071 6.357.545 9.504.155 272.968 275.294 22.171 16.441.204
Depreciation for the period 1.652 1.128.771 1.642.148 51.876 39.393 - 2.863.840
Increase of impairment allowances 4.311 588.573 846.945 2.757 3.905 227.290 1.673.781
Decrease of impairment allowances - (500) (800) - (29) (760) (2.089)
Sales/ disposals (16) (4.586) (16.917) (21.188) (562) - (43.269)
Transfers between groups - 182 (212) (1) 8 - (23)
Donations and transfers free of charge - - (82) (134) - - (216)
Scrapping - (82.500) (373.371) (1.183) (5.862) - (462.916)
Acquisition of subsidiary 2 258 834 - 64 - 1.158
Disposal of subsidiary (113) (2.876) (1.579) (61) (7.580) - (12.209)
Other changes in values (488) (11.025) (4.844) 2.836 (530) (2.805) (16.856)
Closing balance 14.419 7.973.842 11.596.277 307.870 304.101 245.896 20.442.405
Opening balance net book value 186.185 19.209.075 20.945.955 274.573 111.264 2.247.767 42.974.819
Closing balance net book value 208.083 19.203.304 20.550.869 261.285 657.663 2.857.097 43.738.301

60

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

During the period ended 31 December 2013, the Group entities included in the values of property,
plant and equipment, and construction in progress expenses related to external financing in the
amount of PLN 9.545 thousand (PLN 2.196 thousand during the year ended 31 December 2012).

Significant increases

During the current reporting period, PGE Group purchased property, plant and equipment and
construction in progress of PLN 4,268 million. Largest expenditures were made by PGE Gornictwo
i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. (PLN 2,706 million) and PGE Dystrybucja S.A. (PLN 1,313 million).
The main items of investments were: the integrated restructuring and refurbishing project for power
units 3-12 at the Elektrownia Betchatow (Power Plant Betchatow) (PLN 542.3 million), connection of
new customers (PLN 542.1 million) and modernization and development of electric power networks
(PLN 472,0 million) in PGE Dystrybucja S.A.

In addition, property, plant and equipment were increased during the reporting period due to purchase
of entities from DONG Group and Iberdrola Renewables Polska sp. z 0.0. by PGE S.A. in the fair
value of PLN 947 million and due to obtaining a control over Eolica Wojciechowo sp. z 0.0. by PGE
Energia Odnawialna S.A. in the amount of about PLN 11 million.

No significant property, plant and equipment sale transactions occurred during the reporting period.
Changes in estimating useful life of property, plant and equipment

During the reporting period the Group companies reviewed economic useful lives of property, plant
and equipment used in determining the depreciation rates. In result of the review part of the
depreciation rates was updated. The change resulted in decrease of the annual depreciation cost by
PLN 93.435 thousand.

The recoverable amount of production property, plant and equipment

During the period ended 31 December 2013 there were significant changes in the economic
environment of production companies operating in Poland.

Consequently, taking into consideration IAS 36 Impairment of assets, PGE Group performed
impairment tests related to cash generating units (“CGU”), including production property, plant and
equipment the purpose of which was to determine their recoverable value as at 31 December 2013.
Due to the fact, that there were no similar transactions on the Polish market, the recoverable value
was determined based on estimation of tested assets’ value in use, with the use of the discounted
cash flow method on the basis of financial projections for the years 2014 - 2030.

The key assumptions influencing the recoverable value of tested CGUs are as follows:

e Recognized as one CGU, respectively:
! Oddziat Kopalnia Wegla Brunatnego Betchatdw (lignite coal mine) and Oddziat Elektrownia
Betchatow (power plant) (,Kompleks Betchatow’),
! Oddziat Kopalnia Wegla Brunatnego Turdw (lignite coal mine) and Oddziat Elektrownia Turow
(power plant) (,Kompleks Turdw’),

due to the technological and economical connections between these entities;

e recognized as three separate CGU: Elektrownia Dolna Odra (Power Plant Dolna Odra),
Elektrownia Szczecin (Power Plant Szczecin) and Elektrownia Pomorzany (Power Plant
Pomorzany) being a part of Oddziat Zespot Elektrowni Dolna Odra,

e the adopted assumptions of electricity prices in the years 2014-2030, including influence of LTC
settlements and the costs of purchase of CO2 emission allowances,

e the assumptions on the number of CO2 emission rights for the production of electricity received
free of charge for the years 2013-2020 for particular CGU in accordance with the Poland
Application for temporary allocation of free of charge emission rights for modernization of
electricity production on the basis of article 10c paragraph 5 of Directive 2003/87/WE of the
European Parliament and of the Council (so-called derogations application), which meets the
requirements of Commission Decision of 13 July 2012. In terms of heat production, free of charge
rights has been taken into account in line with the list of allocations of CO2 emission rights for heat
in the reference period 2013-2020, published by Ministry of the Environment,

61

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)
(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)
e taking into account support system for renewable sources of energy and high-performance
cogeneration in whole period of forecast,

e maintenance of production capacities at current level,
e the adopted after tax weighted average cost of capital at the level of 7,63%,
e LTC compensations received by entitled producers.

As a result of tests conducted as at 31 December 2013, recoverable value of tested property, plant
and equipment appeared to be lower than their carrying value in three tested CGUs. Therefore,
following impairment has been written off the value of tangible fixed assets in following producers:

e = Elektrownia Dolna Odra — PLN 124,0 million,

e Elektrocieptownia Pomorzany — PLN 149,5 million,

e Elektrocieptownia Zgierz — PLN 69,4 million,

Total value of foregoing impairment allowances amounts to PLN 342.9 million.

The results of sensitivity analysis performed indicate that the most significant factors influencing the
estimation of measured assets’ value in use are changes in electricity prices, weighted average cost
of capital and purchase cost of production fuels (hard coal or gas depending on the entity). Change of
assumptions regarding the price of CO2 emission rights influences the results to a lesser extent. The
least influence on estimation has the change of assumptions regarding prices of energy origin rights.

In year 2012 PGE Capital Group raised impairment allowance on tangible assets of Elektrownia Dolna
Odra in amount of PLN 1.486 million. Raising impairment on tangible assets in year 2013 was due to
negative changes in assumption used for cash flow projections, including prices of electric energy,
CO, emission rights and production level in selected units.

Measurement estimate of property, plant and equipment in distribution company

As at the balance sheet date carrying value of fixed assets related to the distribution activity amounted
to more than PLN 14 billion and represents almost 24% of the total consolidated assets. Their
recoverable amount depends on the tariff granted by the Energy Regulatory Office. The regulatory
(tariff) revenue of the companies, calculated yearly in the financial plan, assures covering of justified
costs: operating costs, depreciation charges, tax charges, purchase costs of electricity to cover
balancing differences, costs transferred and return on capital invested in distribution activity on the
justified level. Return on equity and depreciation charges are dependent on the so called Regulatory
Value of Assets.

As at the date of preparation of these consolidated financial statements, PGE Group has not identified
the need to update the carrying values of the relevant property, plant and equipment.

62

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

22. Investment property

2013 2012
Opening balance as at 1 January 28.283 33.286
Increase of value 2.321 426
Depreciation and impairment allowances (3.070) (1.273)
Decrease of value (5.233) (4.156)
Closing balance as at 31 December 22.301 28.283

Investment property in the Group companies comprises mainly buildings located in the entity's

location, leased to third parties in part or in full.

The Group measures investment property at cost of acquisition less depreciation amount. Fair value of
investment property is not significantly higher than their carrying amount in light of the materiality

related to the consolidated financial statements as a whole.

63

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
“PGE~

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

23. Intangible assets
Development Goodwill Computer Other licenses Port eroetial Other intangible comm ationed Total
costs software and patents usufruct of land assets intangible assets
31 December 2013
Gross book value
Opening balance 14.807 187.798 366.372 49.976 56.731 132.772 84.497 892.953
Direct purchase - - 794 83 - - 87.617 88.494
innaible acces ones - - 19.126 57.148 2.008 9.625 (87.907) -
Sales/ disposals - - (5.996) (4) - - - (6.000)
Transfers between groups - (30.000) 490 (172) - 29.682 - -
Donations and transfers free of charge - - - - 143 7.202 - 7.345
Scrapping (80) - (16.932) (261) (64) (54) (7) (17.398)
Purchase of subsidiary - 125.169 - - - 33.812 - 158.981
Other changes of values 3.612 5.867 (1.654) 1.565 4.072 (31) 1.415 14.846
Closing balance 18.339 288.834 362.200 108.335 62.890 213.008 85.615 1.139.221
Amortization and impairment
allowances
Opening balance 13.359 - 271.657 15.674 6.462 72.290 747 380.189
Amortization for the period 976 - 37.222 16.190 835 6.756 - 61.979
Increase of impairment allowances - - - - 45 - 2.434 2.479
Decrease of impairment allowances - - - - - - (288) (288)
Sales/ disposals - - (5.468) - - - - (5.468)
Transfers between groups - - 418 (132) - (286) - -
Scrapping (80) - (16.932) (261) (19) (46) - (17.338)
Other changes of values - - (880) 732 218 (1) (228) (159)
Closing balance 14.255 - 286.017 32.203 7.541 78.713 2.665 421.394
Net book value
Opening balance 1.448 187.798 94.715 34.302 50.269 60.482 83.750 512.764
Closing balance 4.084 288.834 76.183 76.132 55.349 134.295 82.950 717.827

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

64
“PGE~

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Development Goodwill Computer Other licenses Port eroetial Other intangible comm ationed Total
31 December 2012 costs software and patents usufruct of land assets intangible assets
(restated)
Gross book value
Opening balance 14.383 9.891 357.012 24.548 50.642 130.900 30.824 618.200
Direct purchase - - 505 61 8.276 - 118.597 127.439
intangible asset ne - - 42.210 21.709 438 6.400 (70.757) -
Transfers between groups 90 - - 1.748 - (1.838) - -
Donations and transfers free of charge - - - - - 7.100 - 7.100
Scrapping - - (12.343) (359) - (33) - (12.735)
Purchase of subsidiary - 177.907 - - - - - 177.907
Sale of subsidiary - - (1.502) - - - - (1.502)
Other changes of values 334 - (19.510) 2.269 (2.625) (9.757) 5.833 (23.456)
Closing balance 14.807 187.798 366.372 49.976 56.731 132.772 84.497 892.953
Amortization and impairment
allowances
Opening balance 12.665 - 244.473 22.086 5.782 70.606 747 356.359
Amortization for the period 694 - 40.722 8.122 1.022 3.508 - 54.068
Increase of impairment allowances - - - - 65 - - 65
Transfers between groups - - - 22 - (22) - -
Scrapping - - (12.128) (37) - (29) - (12.194)
Sale of subsidiary - - (962) - - - - (962)
Other changes of values - - (448) (14.519) (407) (1.773) - (17.147)
Closing balance 13.359 - 271.657 15.674 6.462 72.290 747 380.189
Net book value
Opening balance 1.718 9.891 112.539 2.462 44.860 60.294 30.077 261.841
Closing balance 1.448 187.798 94.715 34.302 50.269 60.482 83.750 512.764

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

65
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Goodwill

Increases of goodwill as presented in 2013 are related mainly to acquisition of entities from Dong
Group and Iberdrola, as specified in Note 2.2 to these financial statements.

Goodwill as of 31 December 2013 was subjected to impairment tests, along with appropriate cash
generating units. Key assumptions used in the preparation of cash flow projections are described in
Note 21 of these financial statements.

Tests have shown no need for impairment. As of 31 December 2013, the aggregate carrying value of
tangible fixed assets, intangible assets and goodwill allocated to operating wind farm companies
Pelplin Sp. z 0.0., Zuromin Sp. z 0.0., PGE Energia Natury Kappa Sp. z 0.0., PGE Energia Natury
Omikron Sp. z 0.0. and branches of EPW Energia Sp. z 0.0. belonging to the Group amounts to PLN
1.563 million. Estimated by the PGE Capital Group recoverable value of these assets amounts to PLN
1.738 million.

Intangible assets not commissioned

The presented amount of intangible assets not commissioned as at 31 December 2013 concerns
mainly: programs of IT systems implementation in Capital Group (including SAP), research and
development connected with construction of first polish nuclear power plant and investments hold by
Kopalnia Wegla Brunatnego Betchatow (Lignite Coal Mine Betchatow) on Ztoczew field. As of 31
December 2013 the risk of impairment of these assets was not recognised.

24. Leasing
24.1. Operating lease liabilities — the Group as the lessee

As at 31 December 2013 and as at 31 December 2012, the future minimum lease payments related to
irrevocable lease agreements are as follows:

Future liabilities as at
31 December 2013 31 December 2012

Less than 1 year 398 394
Between 1 and 5 years 1.990 1.968
More than 5 years 5.573 2.755
Total lease payments 7.961 5.117

Additionally the Group entities incur costs related to a perpetual usufruct of land. The value of these
costs for the year ended 31 December 2013 amounted to PLN 15.681 thousand.

24.2. Operating lease receivables — Group as a lessor

The PGE Group companies have signed agreements with Polskie Sieci Elektroenergetyczne S.A. on
rendering intervention services related to administration of and using of production units by the system
operator in order to balance active and passive power on an intervention basis in the National
Electroenergetic System (NES). This aims at ensuring proper and safe operation of the system. The
above mentioned agreements, although not having a legal form of leasing, give the right to use the
assets for a series of payments.

66

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

24.3. Liabilities from finance lease and lease agreement with option to purchase

As at 31 December 2013 and as at 31 December 2012, the future minimum lease payments related to
these agreements and current value of minimum net lease payments are as follows:

As at 31 December 2013

As at 31 December 2012

(restated)

Minimal Current value of Minimal Current value

payments payments payments of payments

Less than 1 year 2.137 1.905 2.565 2.213

Between 1 and 5 years 2.088 1.847 2.378 2.124

More than 5 years - - 136 133

Total minimum lease payments 4.225 3.752 5.079 4.470

Less financial expenses (473) - (609) -

Current value of minimum lease 3.752 3.752 4.470 4.470
payments, including:

Short-term 1.905 1.905 2.213 2.213

Long-term 1.847 1.847 2.257 2.257

24.4. Receivables from finance lease and lease agreement with purchase option

As at 31 December 2013

As at 31 December 2012

Minimal Current value of Minimal Current value

payments payments payments of payments

Less than 1 year 23 19 145 113

Between 1 and 5 years 23 22 116 108

More than 5 years - - - -

Total minimum lease payments 46 41 261 221

Less financial revenues (5) - (40) -

Current value of minimum lease a a 221 221
payments, including:

Short-term 19 19 113 113

Long-term 22 22 108 108

67

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

25. Investments in associates accounted for using the equity method
PEC Bogatynia* Swe-Pol Link RAZEM
Share in voting rights 34,93% 0,00%

Transmission,

distribution and Transmission of

turnover of heat electricity
As at 31 December 2013
Share of statement of financial position in
associate:
Current assets (short-term) 2.218 - 2.218
Non-current assets (long-term) 7.570 - 7.570
Short-term liabilities (682) - (682)
Long-term liabilities (73) - (73)
Share of net assets 9.033 - 9.033
Goodwill - - -
financial poxition in the statement of 9.033 . 9.033
Period ended 31 December 2013
Share of revenue of the associate 4.341 - 4.341
Share of profit (loss) of the associate: (48) (939) (987)

* Preliminary non-audited data

PGE S.A. as a 49% shareholder in SwePol Link AB signed contracts to the effect of restructuring of
the Poland-Sweden DC link. At the end of 2010, there were certain changes in EU legislation
(implementation of Third Party Access principle), followed by signing of a multilateral agreement - so-
called Market Coupling Agreement in December 2010 by PSE Operator S.A., Svenska Kraftnat,
SwePol Link AB, SwePol Link Poland, Nordpool and TGE energy exchanges, formally releasing the
transmission capacity of the link on the market. On 31 August 2012, link assets were sold and
transferred to the Polish and Swedish transmission operators. Further consequence of assets sale
was the decision about the liquidation of SwePol Link Poland and SwePol Link AB.

Winding-up proceeding ended up in December 2013.

26. Joint ventures

During the reporting periods ended 31 December 2013 and 31 December 2012 the Group did not
participate in any significant joint ventures.

In 2013 PGE S.A. purchased the company Iberdrola Renewables Polska sp. z 0.0. (currently EPW
Energia sp. z 0.0.), both with the entity Energa Hydro sp. z 0.0. However, according to joint venture
agreement, purchasers strictly specified the assets of their interests and PGE S.A. has the control
over selected branches of the company. Therefore, investment is treated as subsidiary and included in
these financial statements.

Additionally, PGE S.A. took part in works connected with establishment the coordination conditions
between parties interested in exploration, recognition and extracting of shale gas. As stated in note
45.2 of these financial statements, the framework agreement expired on 31 December 2013.

68

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

27. Inventories
31 December 2013 31 December 2011
(restated)
Historical Impairment Carrying Historical Impairment Carrying
cost allowances amount cost allowances amount

Materials 1.069.073 (137.943) 931.130 1.178.752 (134.549) 1.044.203
Finished goods 3.154 - 3.154 5.632 (22) 5.610
Semi-products

and work in 61.022 (462) 60.560 74.876 - 74.876
progress

‘ght, origin 417.363 (8.450) 408.913 664.622 (11.950) 652.672
Merchandise 7.655 (1.091) 6.564 7.592 (932) 6.660
igh 339,993 (66.616) 273.377 416.407 (555) 415,852
Total 1.898.260 (214.562) 1.683.698 2.347.881 (148.008) 2.199.873
Impairment allowances for inventories as at 1 January 2013 (148.008)
Impairment allowances raised (96.487)
Impairment allowances reversed 1.566
Impairment allowances used 24.847
Other 3.520
Impairment allowances for inventories as at 31 December 2013 (214.562)

Revaluation in the amount of PLN 66,616 thousand was raised to adjust the value of CO2 emission
rights in accordance with the principles of valuation of inventories, as described in Note 12.13 of these
financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the revenue from valuation of forward
contracts (as described in Note 15.5 of these financial statements).

Creation of the rest impairment allowances related mainly to spare parts and materials as a result of
their depreciation or obsolescence.

However, reversal of impairment allowances, mainly on spare parts and materials, resulted from their
disposal or usage to the value exceeding the previously measured carrying amount.

69

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

28. Carbon dioxide emission rights

A separate item in the statement of financial position is used for presentation of European Union
Allowances (EUA) for carbon emissions, designed for the PGE Group companies’ own purposes, and
other units redeemed pursuant to greenhouse gas emissions (CER, ERU) - acquired and received
free of charge. EUA received free of charge are recognized in the books at nominal value, namely
PLN 0. Purchased allowances are presented at purchase price.

The PGE Group producers maintain installations, covered with the act dated 28 April 2011 about a
scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading. So far, PGE Capital Group has been
receiving significant quantity free of charge emission rights under, so called, National Allocation Plan
(until end of 2012), which has been sufficient to cover the whole or part greenhouse gas emission. The
regulations, which have taken effect from 1 January 2013, that is from the begin of next — third
settlement period (years 2013-2020), significantly reduced so far free of charge emission rights. Only
part of emission rights for production of heat will be granted unconditionally, while for production of
electricity there is, as a rule, lack of free of charge EVA. Only on the basis of article 10c of Directive
2003/87/WE of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a scheme for greenhouse
gas emission allowance trading within the Community, the derogation is possible providing the
realization of investment tasks included in National Investment Plan, which allow to reduce CO,
emission. The condition under which free of charge CO, emission rights can be obtained is
presentation of factual-financial statements from realization of tasks included in National Investment
Plan.

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A. submitted required statement from realization of investment
tasks on 9 December 2013.

As the 31 December 2013 the final quantity of free of charge EUA allocations has not been approved,
because lack of announcement of suitable acts. Therefore, in 2013 Group does not recognize free of
charge received emission rights. The lack of recognition has an influence on calculation of provision
for liability due to carbon dioxide emission rights, described in Note 35.3 of these financial statements.

EUA CER/ERU Total
Amount Value Amount Value Value
As at 1 January 2012 56.405 127.728 8.238 328.703 456.431
Purchase 17.041 534.435 2.484 42.202 576.637
Allocation within NAP 57.042 - - - -
Redemption (54.185) (127.728) (4.935) (176.792) (304.520)
Other - 62.600 - - 62.600
As at 31 December 2012 76.303 597.035 5.787 194.113 791.148
Purchase 38.111 772.053 24 45 772.098
Allocated free of charge - - - - -
Redemption (54.955) (42.127) (5.763) (193.237) (235.364)
Other (27) 76.736 (24) (876) 75.860
As at 31 December 2013 59.432 1.403.697 24 45 1.403.742
70

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

29. Other short-term and long assets

Other long-term assets

As at
As at
31 December 2013 31 December 2012
(restated)
Advances for construction in progress 601.969 342.592
Other deferred expenses 41.999 14.574
Total other long-term assets 643.968 357.166

Advances for construction in progress relate

PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A.

Other short-term assets

mainly to investment projects conducted by

Asat As at
31 December 2013 34 oes) 2012

Deferred expenses

Property and tort insurance 19.734 27.425
IT services 9.937 5.085
Accrued commissions 21.836 16.177
Accrued construction-assembly contracts 8.921 7.984
Other accrued costs 40.672 35.692
Other short-term assets

Accrued revenues 528.688 548.629
VAT receivables 66.671 102.611
Excise tax receivable 22.708 26.651
Other tax receivables 2.213 5.640
intonglble for deliveries of property, plant and equipment, and 15.847 18.023
Other short-term assets 11.825 12.029
Total other short-term assets 749.052 805.946

The accrued revenues comprise estimation of sales of the electric energy not read from the meters as

at the balance sheet date.

71

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

30. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash at the bank is subject to variable interest rates which are based on bank deposits’ interest rates.
Short-term deposits are made for different periods, from one day up to one month, depending on the
Group’s needs for cash, and are deposited at individually agreed interest rates. Fair value of cash and
cash equivalents as at 31 December 2013 amounted PLN 5.951.964 thousand (as at 31 December
2012, amounted to PLN 4.795.493 thousand).

The balance of cash equivalents comprises the following positions:

As at As at
31 December 2013 31 December 2012

Cash on hand and cash at bank 986.439 1.040.338
Overnight deposits 516.914 547.336
Short-term deposits 4.448.611 3.207.819
Total 5.951.964 4.795.493
Interest accrued on cash, not received as at the balance (4.637) (5.758)
sheet date
Exchange rate differences on cash in foreign currencies 314 (175)
Cash and cash equivalents presented in the statement of 5.947.641 4.789.910
cash flows
Credit limits at disposal 1.756.520 991.880

Including credit in current account 1.646.177 983.580

Restricted cash disclosed in the consolidated statement of cash flows relate primarily to:

° cash maintained as a guarantee of performance of the agreement concerning building of blocks
in Elektrownia Opole (Power Plant Opole) and Elektrownia Betchatow (Power Plant Belchatow),

° Mine Liquidation Fund and Mine Recultivation Fund (Fundusz Likwidacji Zaktadu Gorniczego i
Fundusz Rekultywacji Zaktadu Gorniczego) in lignite coal mines,

) cash deposit securing the settlements of subsidiaries of PGE Capital Group with Izba
Rozliczeniowa Gietd Towarowych S.A. (Warsaw Commodity Clearing House) and electricity
trading platform (poee RE GPW).

72

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

31. Share capital and other equity

The basic assumption of the Group policy regarding equity management is to maintain an optimal
equity structure over the long term in order to assure a good financial standing and secure equity
structure ratios that would support the operating activity of the Group. It is also crucial to maintain a
sound equity base that would be the basis to win confidence of potential investors, creditors and the
market and assure further development of the Group.

31.1. Share Capital

As at
31 December 2013
Number of Series A ordinary Shares with a nominal value of 10 PLN each 1.470.576.500
Number of Series B ordinary Shares with a nominal value of 10 PLN each 259.513.500
Number of Series C ordinary Shares with a nominal value of 10 PLN each 73.228.888
Number of Series D ordinary Shares with a nominal value of 10 PLN each 66.441.941
Total 1.869.760.829

There were no changes in the structure and amount of share capital in the current reporting period.
All shares of the Company are paid up.

Ownership structure of the Company in the reporting period is presented below:

Other
State Treasury Shareholders Total
As at ° ° °
1 January 2013 61,89% 38,11% 100,00%
As at 61,89% 38,11% 100,00%

31 December 2013

The ownership structure as at balance sheet dates was determined on the basis of information
available to the Company.

As at the date of these financial statements no changes to the share capital of the Company were
registered as compared to the balance sheet date.

31.2. Rights of the shareholders

Rights of the State Treasury

The Company is a part of the PGA Group, to which State Treasury holds special rights as long as it
remains a shareholder of the Company

Even though the shares of the Company are not preferential, the Company’s Articles of Association
provide special rights to the State Treasury as long as it remains a shareholder of the Company.
According to the Company’s Articles of Association, the State Treasury holds the right to approach the
Management Board with a written demand for a General Meeting of Shareholders to be called,
including matters for the meeting agenda, submitting draft resolutions related to matters included in
the agenda or matters that may be included in the agenda, obtaining copies of announcements
published in the Court and Commercial Monitor.

In addition, based on the Company’s Articles of Association, the State Treasury holds special rights to
influence the process of appointing members of the Supervisory Board. Namely, half of the members
of the Supervisory Board, including the President of the Supervisory Board, are appointed by the
Shareholders’ Meeting from the list of candidates submitted by the State Treasury. The State Treasury
will hold this right for as long as its shareholding in the Company is not less than 20%. Furthermore,
based on the Company’s Articles of Association, the State Treasury holds the right to appoint and
dismiss one member of the Supervisory Board in the form of a written statement submitted to the

73

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Company during the General Meeting of Shareholders or outside the General Meeting of
Shareholders through of the Management Board. Furthermore, this right can be executed by the State
Treasury independently of voting rights in appointing other members of the Supervisory Board.

Additionally, if the mandate of a member of the Supervisory Board expires and as a result the number
of members of the Supervisory Board is less than the minimum number of members specified in the
Company’s Articles of Association, the Management Board is obliged to call a General Meeting of
Shareholders in order to appoint an additional member. As soon as at least one mandate of a member
of the Supervisory Board appointed in group voting expires, the State Treasury regains its individual
right to appoint one member of the Supervisory Board in the form of a written statement.

On 29 June 2011 the Shareholders’ Meeting adopted a resolution introducing changes to restrictions
on voting rights for existing shares. The voting right was limited, meaning that no shareholder may
exercise more than 10% of the total number of voting rights exercisable during the Shareholders’
Meeting, with the exception that for the purpose of determining obligations of purchasers of significant
shareholdings described in the Act on Public Offering, Conditions Governing the Introduction of
Financial Statements to Organized Trading, and Public Companies dated 29 July 2005 (“Act on Public
Offering”), the mentioned restriction will not apply. The above mentioned restriction does not apply to
the State Treasury and other shareholders, who act with the State Treasury under agreement for joint
exercise of voting rights. These restrictions are effective for as long as the shareholding owned by the
State Treasury is not less than 5%.

Right regarding the Company’s operations

Based on the Act of 18 March 2010 on special rights the Minister of the Treasury and their
performance in certain incorporated companies or holding companies operating in the electricity, oil
and gaseous fuels sectors (OJ No 65, dated 21 April 2010, item. 404) the Minister of the Treasury has
the right to object to any resolution or legal action of the Management Board that relates to the ability
to dispose a part of company’s property, which is of significant importance to its functioning, continuity
of operations and integrity of critical infrastructure if there is a reasonable assumption that such legal
action might violate public order or public safety. The objection can also be expressed against any
resolution adopted that relates to:

e liquidation of the Company,

e changes of the use or discontinuance of exploitation of the company’s asset, which is
a component of critical infrastructure,

e change in the scope of activities of the Company,

e sale or lease of the enterprise or its organized part or establishment of legal restrictions,
e approval of operational and financial plan, investment plan, or long-term strategic plan,
e movement of the Company’s seat abroad,

if the enforcement of such a resolution resulted in an actual threat to the operation continuity or
integrity of the critical infrastructure. The objection is expressed in the form of an administrative
decision.

The Act introduced a function of a representative for critical infrastructure. The representative is
chosen by the company in consultation with the Minister of Treasury and the director of the
Government Security Center.

74

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

31.3. Reserve capital and other capital reserves

In accordance with adopted accounting policy reserve capital and other capital reserves of the Group
is a capital presented in the separate financial statements of PGE S.A.

Other capital reserves resulted from distribution of PGE Electra S.A. profit for 2009 as a consequence
of merger of PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A. with PGA Electra S.A.

Reserve capital results from a surplus of issue value over nominal value less costs of share issue.
Furthermore, a reserve capital results from statutory write-offs on profits generated in previous
reporting periods, as well as from a surplus of profit distribution over the value of a statutory write-off.

Reserve capital subject to distribution amounted to PLN 2.709 million as at 31 December 2013.
31.4. | Retained earnings and limitations to payment of a dividend

Other changes of retain earnings in the amount of PLN (93.200) thousand presented in statement of
changes in consolidated equity relate mainly to adjustments to retained earnings reported by the
Capital Group subsidiaries.

The following table shows the division of retained earnings of the parent company and its subsidiaries
for distributable and non-distributable. Non-distributable retained earnings concern amounts which
cannot be paid in the form of dividends by the parent company:

As at
As at
31 December 2013 31 December 2012
(restated)
Amounts included in retained earnings that cannot be
distributed by the parent:
Retained earnings of subsidiaries, attributable to
equity holders of the parent, including consolidation 13.395.728 11.416.653
adjustments
Profit/loss recognized by the parent company as (1.913)
retained earnings in the position of other 2.535 .
comprehensive income
Other retained earnings of the parent company not 274 79.466
subject to distribution
Retained earnings of the parent subject to distribution 2.294.368 783.998

Total retained earnings presented in the consolidated
financial statements of the parent attributable to 15.692.905 12.278.204
equity holders of the parent

According to regulations of the Commercial Code, entities which are joint stock companies are obliged
to create reserve capital to cover potential losses. At least 8% of the profit for the reporting year
recognized in the statutory financial statements is transferred to reserve capital, until this capital
amounts to at least one third of the share capital. The General Shareholders’ Meetings decides on the
use of the reserve capital, however the part of reserve capital which amounts to one third of share
capital can only be used to cover losses recognized in statutory financial statements and cannot be
distributed for other purposes.

As at 31 December 2013 there were no other restrictions on payment of dividends.

75

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

31.5. | Equity attributable to non-controlling interests

As at 31 December 2013 equity attributable to non-controlling interests relates mainly to non-
controlling shareholders of PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A.

The below table presents changes in the equity attributable to non-controlling shareholders in the
reporting periods.

Period ended

Period ended 31 December 2012

31 December 2013

(restated)
Opening balance 294.357 412.969
Share in profit of subsidiaries 24.694 27.931
Share in actuarial gains and losses 1.174 (882)
Dividends declared by subsidiaries (1.946) (1.011)
Acquisition of new companies - 19.723
Sale of subsidiaries 14.222 -
Acquisition of non-controlling interests by the Capital Group (62.053) (127.041)
Effect of merger in the Capital Group (2.898) (37.332)
Other (1.204) -
Closing balance 266.346 294.357

Acquisition of non-controlling shares during the year ended 31 December 2013 relates mainly to the
acquisition of shares of PGE GiEK S.A. by PGE S.A. and the effect of the purchase of treasury shares
by PGE GiEK S.A. (for the purpose of accounting in the consolidated equity the transaction was
recognized as if the treasury shares were redeemed).

Acquisition of non-controlling shares during the year ended 31 December 2012 relates mainly to the
acquisition of shares of PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A., PGE Obrot S.A., and PGE
Dystrybucja S.A. by PGE S.A. and the effect of the purchase of treasury shares by PGE Obrot S.A.
(for the purpose of accounting in the consolidated equity the transaction was recognized as if the
treasury shares were redeemed). Change in non-controlling interests relates also to merger of PGE
Elektrownia Opole S.A. with PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. in March 2012.

32. Earnings per share

Earnings per share shall be calculated by dividing profit or loss attributable to ordinary equity holders
of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.

An entity shall calculate diluted earnings per share by dividing profit or loss attributable to ordinary
equity holders of the Company (after deduction of interest on redeemable convertible preference
shares) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period (adjusted by the
number of dilutive options or dilutive redeemable convertible preference shares).

76

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Presented below is information on profit and shares used to calculate basic earnings per share.

Period ended
31 December 2012

Period ended
31 December 2013

(restated)
Net profit on continuing operations 4.143.163 3.643.907
Net profit on discontinued operations - 278
Net profit, attributed to 4.143.163 3.644.185
- shareholders of the parent company 4.118.469 3.616.254
- non-controlling interests 24.694 27.931
Net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the 4.118.469 3.616.254

Company used to calculate diluted earnings per share

Number of ordinary shares at the beginning of the reporting period
Number of ordinary shares at the end of the reporting period

1.869.760.829
1.869.760.829

1.869.760.829
1.869.760.829

Average weighted number of ordinary shares issued used to

1.869.760.829

1.869.760.829

calculate basic earnings per share

Presented number of shares does not contain treasury shares acquired for redemption purposes.

33. Dividends paid and dividends declared

Dividend paid or declared from the profit
for the year ended

31 December 31 December 31 December

2013 2012 2011
Cash dividends from ordinary shares
Dividend paid from retained earnings - 783.998 3.421.662
Dividend paid from reserve capital - 823.996 -
Total cash dividends from ordinary shares - 1.607.994 3.421.662
Cash dividends per share (in PLN) - 0,86 1,83

Dividend from the profit for 2012

On 27 June 2013 the General Meeting of the Company resolved to distribute PLN 783.998 thousand
from the net profit from 2012 and part of the reserve capital in the amount of PLN 823.997 thousand
as a dividend.

Dividend was declared by resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting held on 27 June 2013 and paid
on 24 September 2013.

Dividend from the profit for period ended 31 December 2013

During the reporting period and as at the date of preparation of the financial statement the Company
made no advance payments of dividends. The financial statement was prepared before profit
distribution as well as before determination of the amount of dividend.

The Management Board of the Company recommends to pay out the dividend in the amount of PLN
2.056.737 thousand (PLN 1,10 per share), constituting 50% of the net profit attributable to
shareholders of the parent company reported in the consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 December 2013.

77

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

34. Employee benefits

Retirement and pension allowances, coal allowance, medical benefits, allowance for Social
Fund and other benefits for pensioners

The Group entities pay retirement or pension awards in the amount specified in the Corporate
Collective Labour Agreement when an employee retires or becomes a pensioner. Moreover, the
former employees of the companies of PGE Group receive benefits in the form of medical care, coal
allowance (so called ‘employee rate’), Social Fund allowance, etc. Due to the above, Group entities
raise a provision for these awards based on the valuation made by an actuary.

Amounts of these provisions and a reconciliation of changes in provisions during the reporting period

are presented below:
Period ended 31 December 2013

Retirement,
pension and

Coal

Medical

other benefits allowance Energy tariff Social Fund care Total
provisions

As at 1 January 2013 367.614 121.345 781.804 237.560 43.794 1.552.117
Changes in the
composition of the Group (62) 7 7 7 7 (52)
Current service costs 15.864 953 9.472 5.529 727 32.545
Actuarial gains and losses
excluding discount rate 9.801 14.747 (288.789) 5.026 2.588 (256.627)
adjustment
Benefits paid (14.158) (7.681) (22.529) (9.944) (1.580) (55.892)
Discount rate adjustments (14.134) (4.513) (23.705) (10.764) (1.815) (54.931)
Interest costs 14.432 4.716 30.348 9.245 1.903 60.644
Other changes 65.329 - (457) (283) - 64.589
As at 31 December 2013 444.696 129.567 486.144 236.369 45.617 1.342.393
Short-term 48.656 8.329 24.431 10.116 2.024 93.556
Long-term 396.040 121.238 461.713 226.253 43.593 1.248.837

78

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

in accordance

Period ended 31 December 2012

Retirement,
pension and Coal Energy : Medical
other benefits allowance tariff Social Fund care Total
provisions
As at 1 January 2012 329.903 118.867 602.300 211.519 37.723 1.300.312
Changes in the
composition of the (732) - - (484) - (1.216)
Group
Current service costs 12.643 1.089 9.742 4.392 644 28.510
Actuarial gains and
losses excluding
discount rate (34.183) (16.065) (22.743) (26.090) (2.942) (102.023)
adjustment
Benefits paid (18.804) (7.165) (21.788) (9.464) (1.372) (58.593)
Discount rate 59.359 17.968 172.854 45.905 8.122 304.208
adjustments
Interest costs 18.291 6.651 33.995 11.795 2.059 72.791
Other changes 1.137 - 7.444 (13) (440) 8.128
As at 367.614 121.345 781.804 237.560 43.794 1.552.117
31 December 2012 . . ; ; . ~~
Short-term 40.495 7.878 25.908 9.590 1.751 85.622
Long-term 327.119 113.467 755.896 227.970 42.043 1.466.495

Key actuarial assumptions related to the calculation of provisions as at the balance sheet date are as

follows:

31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Discount rate (%) 4,35 4,0
Expected inflation rate (%) 2,37 2,5
Employee turnover (%) 0,25-8,83 0,47-8,56
Expected salary growth rate (%) 1,5-3,0 2,5-4,5
Expected medical benefits costs growth rate (%) 0-2,9 2,2-3,5
Expected Social Fund (ZFSS) allowance rate (%) 3,5-5,0 3,5-5,0

Based on information obtained from an actuary, the PGE Capital Group assesses that the influence of
changes in assumptions on the value of provisions for retirement and pension benefits, coal
allowance, social fund, medical care and jubilee awards (Note 35) would be as follows

e should the discount rate be higher by 1 percentage point (p.p.), relevant
decrease by 9% and should the discount rate be lower by 1 p.p. the respective
increase by 9%,

provisions would
provisions would

e should the growth rates be higher by 1 p.p., the respective provisions would increase by ca. 9%
and should the growth rates be lower by 1 p.p., relevant provisions would decrease by 10%.

79

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
“PGE~

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

35. Provisions
Period ended 31 December 2013
Provision Provisions Provisions Provisions
s for non- for Provisions Provisions for for ener
_ contractu purchase of for for scrapping origin arabs Other TOTAL
Post- Provisions Provisions __ al use of CO2 employee recultivation _ of property, hold for provisions
employment _ for jubilee for third- the emission claims costs plant and redemption
benefits awards party claims _ property rights equipment P
“restated) 2013 4.552.117 989.948 204.761 91.259 162.859 44.275 2.075.960 83.454 751.295 478.145 6.404.073
Changes in the composition of . . . . .
the Group (52) (684) (10) 25.838 (2.494) 22.598
Costs of present employment 32.545 45.950 - - - - - - - - 78.495
Actuarial gains and losses
excluding discount rate (256.627) (14.746) - - - - - - - - (271.373)
adjustment
Revaluation of provision/
discount rate adjustments (64.931) (24.568) - - - - (225.764) - - - (305.263)
Interest costs 60.644 37.451 - - - - 88.277 2.340 - - 188.712
Benefits paid/ provisions used (55.892) (93.950) (196.269) (869) (158.167) (836) - (21.433) (1.177.773) (247.985) (1.953.174)
Raised during the year - - 7.780 109.697 1.427.061 1.050 65.673 50 978.502 339.430 2.929.243
Reversed - - (7.422) (39.351) - (7.861) (36.466) (926) (156.593) (73.913) (322.532)
Other changes 64.589 1.991 - 704 - (224) 60.927 - - (1.456) 126.531
As at 31 December 2013 1.342.393 941.392 8.850 161.440 1.431.753 6.394 2.054.445 63.485 395.431 491.727 6.897.310
Short-term 93.556 96.710 8.850 37.237 1.431.753 6.194 - 17.664 395.431 347.851 2.435.246
Long-term 1.248.837 844.682 - 124.203 - 200 2.054.445 45.821 - 143.876 4.462.064

According to the current plans for recultivation of post-exploitation grounds, the Group estimates that relevant costs will be incurred in the years 2032-
2081 (for PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Kopalnia Wegla Brunatnego Betchatéw) and in the years 2041-2090 (for PGE
Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Kopalnia Wegla Brunatnego Turdéw).

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

80
PGE ~ PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Period ended 31 December 2012

Provision Provisions Provisions Provisions
s for non- for Provisions Provisions for for ener
_ contractu purchase of for for scrapping origin ors Other TOTAL
Post- Provisions Provisions __ al use of CO2 employee recultivation of property, a for provisions
employment _ for jubilee for third- the emission claims costs plant and redemption
(restated) benefits awards party claims _ property rights equipment P
As at 1 January 2012 1.300.312 762.532 408.333 107.871 277.692 13.926 1.102.039 84.649 633.290 411.576 5.102.220
Changes in the composition of
the Group (1.216) (2.786) - - - - - - - (778) (4.780)
Costs of present employment 28.510 37.708 - - - - - - - - 66.218
Actuarial gains and losses
excluding discount rate (102.023) 128.351 - - - - - - - - 26.328
adjustment
Revaluation of provision’ 304.208 115.354 - - - - 886.201 - - - 1.305.763
discount rate adjustments
Interest costs 72.791 40.400 - - - - 40.926 4.142 - 6 158.265
Benefits paid/ provisions used (58.593) (92.960) - (2.057) (241.921) (1.179) (602) (5.083) (969.297) (448.908) (1.820.600)
Raised during the year - - 1.070 45.846 127.088 7.675 43.068 150 1.108.870 586.090 1.919.857
Reversed - - (204.642) (57.595) - (4.961) - (404) (22.537) (75.244) (365.383)
Other changes 8.128 1.349 - (2.806) - (1.186) 4.328 - 969 5.403 16.185
As at 31 December 2012 1.552.117 989.948 204.761 91.259 162.859 14.275 2.075.960 83.454 751.295 478.145 6.404.073
Short-term 85.622 98.459 204.761 37.853 162.859 9.659 - 23.035 751.295 335.116 1.708.659
Long-term 1.466.495 891.489 - 53.406 - 4.616 2.075.960 60.419 - 143.029 4.695.414

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

81
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

35.1. Provisions for post employment benefits

The amount of provisions disclosed in the financial statements results from the valuation prepared by
the independent actuary and was described in note 34 to these financial statements.

35.2. | Provisions for jubilee awards

According to the corporate remuneration system, the majority of employees of PGE Capital Group are
entitled to jubilee awards. These awards are paid after an employee has worked a specified period of
time. The amount of awards paid depends on the period of employment and the average remuneration
of the employee. The entity recognizes a provision for future obligations from jubilee awards in order
to recognize costs to the periods they refer to. The present value of these obligations is measured by
an independent actuary at each balance sheet date.

35.3. | Provisions for liability due to carbon dioxide emission rights

As a rule, according to updated accounting policy entities from PGE Capital Group record the
provision for liability due to carbon dioxide emission rights in relation to shortage of CO, emission
rights received free of charge. The provision is calculated taking into account the most accurate
estimation of the expenditures needed to fulfill current obligation as at balance sheet date, including
recorded EUA’s value received as free of charge and acquired EUA, and also possibility to cover any
shortage with CER or ERU certificates.

As described in Note 28, according to regulations i.a. Directive 2003/87MWE of the European
Parliament and of the Council, PGE Capital Group is entitled to receive free of charge CO2 emission
rights in connection to incurred investment expenditures reported to National Investment Plan.
However due to the fact that as of the balance sheet date, relevant regulations have not been adopted
and the allocation of free of charge emission rights owed to entities of the PGE Capital Group for 2013
was not established, calculation of provision as of 31 December 2013 did not include the rights due to
Group entities. Lack of taking into account of these rights caused the increase of provision by PLN 751
million.

35.4. | Provisions for third-party claims

Provisions presented under this position relate to dispute of the parent company with Alpiq Holding AG
as at 1 January 2013. The issue was described in note 38.4 to these financial statements.

35.5. | Provisions for non-contracted use of property

Entities of the PGE Capital Group raise provisions for damages related to a non-agreed usage of
property. This issue mainly relates to distribution company, which own distribution networks. As at the
reporting date the provision amounted to approximately PLN 162 million (of which 62 million relate to
litigations). In comparable period the value of the provision amounted to PLN 91 million, of which 80
million related to litigations.

82

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

35.6. | Provisions for recultivation and liquidation costs
Provision for recultivation of mine excavation

According to regulations of the Act of 3 February 1995 on Agricultural and Forest grounds and
regulations of the Act of 4 February 1994 on Geological and Mining Law, the entrepreneur causing
loss or reduction in value of the ground is obliged to recultivate the ground at the entrepreneur’s
expense.

Kopalnia Wegla Brunatnego Betchatow and Kopalnia Wegla Brunatnego Turdw (lignite coal mines)
which belong to PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. raise provisions for recultivation of
final mine excavations. Costs of recultivation of final excavations are reflected and settled throughout
the period of the exploitation of mines, with the use of the unit-of-production method based on the rate
of lignite excavation. The provision as at the end of the period is calculated as a product of the
discounted total cost of recultivation divided by the rate of lignite excavation. Mine Liquidation Fund
which is created in accordance with Geological and Mining Law constitutes part of the provision.

Provision for recultivation of ash storages

The PGE Group producers raise provisions for recultivation of ash storages. The provision is created
with the use of the natural method - proportionally as the storage is filled. The provision at the end of
each year is calculated as a product of the discounted value of total recultivation costs for the given
year and the proportion in which the storage is filled.

Provisions for recultivation of post-constructions grounds of wind farms

The companies which own wind farms create provision for recultivation of post-constructions grounds
of wind farms. Provision is created in the moment of commissioning of farm in the whole value and
cover estimated costs of dismantling and removal of remaining devices, construction and buildings
and also bringing grounds to condition prior the commissioning the farm as close as possible.

Scrapping of property, plant and equipment

The provision for scrapping of property, plant and equipment relates to assets of PGE Gornictwo i
Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Elektrownia Tur6w (Power Plant Turéw). The obligation to
scrap assets and recultivate the area results from ,The integrated permission for running electric
energy and heat energy producing installation” (,Pozwolenie zintegrowane na prowadzenie instalacji
produkujacej energie elektrycznq oraz energie cieplnq”) in which the restitution of the area was
specified. As at the balance sheet date, the value of provision amounts to PLN 63.5 million (PLN 83.5
million in comparable period).

35.7. | Provision for energy origin units held for redemption

The companies from the PGE Capital Group (mainly PGE Obrot SA) raise provision for the amount of
energy origin units related to sales in the current or previous reporting periods, in amount of
certificates not redeemed till the balance sheet date. The provision as at 31 December 2013 amounts
to PLN 395 million and as at the 31 December 2012 amounts to PLN 751 million.

35.8. Other provisions
Dispute concerning the scope of taxation with real estate tax

The main position of other provisions is a provision covering both reported and declared claims
relating to real estate tax. The matter of dispute was described in detail in note 40 of these
consolidated financial statements.

Provisions for litigation created by Exatel SA

At the balance sheet date, a subsidiary of Exatel S.A. estimated the risk associated with business
including the ongoing litigations, losses on contracts in progress, judicial proceedings in matters of
employee and likely costs due to penalties and damages. As at the date of the financial statements for
the year 2013 the Management Board of Exatel S.A. estimated level of risk to be PLN 50 million (57
million in 2012).

83
Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Dispute concerning the redemption of energy origin units

PGE Obrot S.A. is a party to the proceedings against the Energy Regulatory Office, related to an
obligation of redemption of energy origin units — so called green and red certificates. As at 31
December 2013 the provision created to cover possible penalties amounted to PLN 18 million (PLN 21
million in comparable period). The final value of possible penalties will depend on the results of the
court proceedings and may be subject to change.

Annual bonus

Employees of PGE Capital Group are entitled to the “annual bonus” paid on the basis of the Corporate
Collective Labour Agreement or regulations applicable to individual entities. As at 31 December 2013
created provisions amounted to approximately PLN 103 million and as at 31 December 2012
approximately PLN 79 million.

Provision for unused annual holiday leave

The Group creates provision for employee benefits related to unused annual holiday leave. As at the
balance sheet date the provision amounted to PLN 105 million (PLN 87 million in comparable period).

36. Other non-financial liabilities

The non-financial liabilities for the years ended 31 December 2012 and 31 December 2011 are as
follows:

As at As at
31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Liabilities from dividends 8.658 9.773
Excise tax 101.601 103.229
VAT tax 393.601 316.924
Liabilities from social insurances 247.235 211.410
Personal income tax 79.101 81.497
Environmental fees 281.431 140.835
Payroll 280.949 307.679
Liabilities due to Voluntary Leave Program 30.832 110.393
Advances for deliveries 192.033 212.274
Other 57.284 63.979
Total 1.672.725 1.557.993

The “other” position comprises mainly payments to the Social Fund, the Employment Pension
Program and to the State Fund for Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities.

84

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

37. Deferred income and government grants

Deferred income
and government grants

As at
31 December 2013

As at
31 December 2012

Long-term:

Government grants 354.200 264.945
Other deferred income 826.701 859.809
Long-term deferred income 1.180.901 1.124.754
and government grants

Short-term:

Government grants 17.341 9.734
Other deferred income 79.987 113.667
Short-term deferred income 97.328 123.401
and government grants

As at As at

Government grants

31 December 2013

31 December 2012

Redemption of loans from environmental funds 53.755 55.197
Grants received from NFOS i GW (environmental funds) 164.732 101.082
Grants from EU for CCS 84.159 85.492
Other government grants 68.895 32.908
Total deferred income, including: 371.541 274.679
Long-term 354.200 264.945
Short-term 17.341 9.734
As at As at

Other deferred income

31 December 2013

31 December 2012

Property, plant and equipment acquired free of charge 137.812 155.094
Subsidies received and connection fees 689.739 760.972
Lease income 38.859 2.704
Other deferred income 40.278 54.706
Total deferred income, including: 906.688 973.476
Long-term 826.701 859.809
Short-term 79.987 113.667

Subsidies received in position other deferred income comprise mainly fees received until 1 July 2009
for connection to power network, which are presented as government grants to property, plant and
equipment in these consolidated financial statements. Change in presentation of these fees is
associated with the implementation of IFRIC 18 Transfers of Assets from Customers.

85

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

38. Contingent liabilities and receivables. Legal claims

38.1. Contingent liabilities

As at As at
Contingent liabilities 31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Liabilities due to bank guarantees 2.536 250
Contingent return of grants from environmental funds 270.732 294.304
Legal claims 10.999 8.282
Contractual fines and penalties 12.481 14.190
Employee claims 14 52.040
Compensations related to non-agreed usage of property - 2.558
Other contingent liabilities 22.902 101.486
Total contingent liabilities 319.664 473.110

Contingent return of grants from environmental funds

Liabilities present the value of probable future reimbursements of funds received by PGE Group
companies from environmental funds for the particular investments. The funds will be reimbursed, if
the investment for which they were granted, will not bring the expected environmental effect.

Claims related to contractual fines and penalties

The contingent liability comprises mainly accrued contractual fines relating to delay in realization of the
investment issued by the Mayor of the City and Municipality of Gryfino to Zespdt Elektrowni Dolna
Odra S.A. (currently PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A.). In February 2012 the
company committed to the Municipality of Gryfino to accomplish two investments of total value not
less than PLN 7.733 thousand until the end of year 2015. Failure to realize investments included in the
agreement will result in claims relating to contractual fines and penalties by the Municipality of Gryfino.

Other contingent liabilities

The other contingent liabilities comprise the compensation in the amount of PLN 15 million for
damages caused by unforeseen events and value of potential cash fines in the amount of almost PLN
7 million resulting from proceeding relating to environmental protection (breach of the conditions of
disposal of sewage and deforestation in some of PGE Capital Group companies).

38.2. Other issues related to contingent liabilities
Non-agreed usage of property

Due to the nature of its activities the companies of the Group use many properties, on which the
buildings and structures or devices used to the transmission of the electricity are based. In respect of
many properties there are doubts as to the title of usage. In the case of property, for which the PGE
Capital Group companies have no legal title or the title is doubtful, there is a risk of claims by their
owners, the alleged owner or other person for compensation in respect of non-agreed usage of these
properties. Entities of PGE Capital Group create the relevant provision to cover claims under court
proceedings or in cases where the application claims court is likely. However, there are disputes at an
early stage in the Group as well as there is a possibility of increased number of disputes in the future.
Impact on this issue may also have the planned Act on transmission corridors.

86

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Contractual liabilities related to the purchase of commodities (fuel)

According to the concluded agreements on the purchase of fuels (mainly coal and gas), the PGE
Group companies are obliged to collect the minimum volume of fuels and not to exceed the maximum
level of collection of gas fuel in particular hours and months. If an entity does not collect a minimum
volume of fuel specified in the contract, it is obliged to pay appropriate fee (the amount of gas fuel not
collected by power plants but paid up, may be collected within the next three contractual years). In the
opinion of the Group, the terms and conditions of fuel deliveries do not differ from other fuel deliveries
conditions on the Polish market.

The issue of compensation for conversion of shares

Former shareholders of PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka S.A. are presenting to the courts a motion to
summon PGE S.A. to attempt a settlement for payment of compensation for incorrect (in their opinion)
determination of the exchange ratio of shares of PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka S.A. into shares of
PGE S.A. during consolidation process that took place in 2010. The total value of claims resulting from
the settlement directed by the former shareholders of PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka amounts to nearly
PLN 8 million.

Independently from the settlement attempts stated above, Socrates Investment S.A. (an entity which
purchased claims from former PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka S.A. shareholders) called for two trial
settlements to the courts. The company demands from PGE S.A. damages in a total amount of almost
PLN 371 million in connection with incorrectly (in their opinion) determining the exchange ratio of
shares in the merger between PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka S.A. with PGE S.A.

PGE S.A. does not recognize the claims of Socrates Investment S.A. and other shareholders who call
for trial settlements. These claims are undocumented and unfounded. The value of the shares of
which were subject to the process of consolidation (merger) were valued by the company PwC. The
plan of the merger, including the share exchange ratio of the company’s shares which was merged
with PGE S.A., was tested for correctness and fairness by the court-appointed expert, who found no
irregularities. The independent court registered the merger. The former shareholders appearing before
the courts have not established the basis on which, how nor based on what data or documents their
claims were calculated.

In these cases, PGE S.A. refuses any settlements. It is to be noted, that there is a risk that Socrates
Investment S.A. and other former shareholders will take a legal action lawsuit to receive payment
which amounts to previously claimed in the proceedings of settlement attempts. For the reported
claims, the Company has not created a provision.

38.3. Contingent receivables

As at balance sheet date, the PGE Capital Group did not have material contingent receivables.
Contingent receivables related mainly to financing received from the National Fund for Environmental
Protection and Water Management regarding realization of the project of construction of cogeneration
unit, reimbursement of VAT and registered claims for compensations from insurers relating to
fortuitous events.

87

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

38.4. Other legal claims and court issues
PGE - ATEL (presently Alpiq Holding AG) dispute

Since 2009 PGE S.A. was a party to arbitration proceedings with Alpiq. The proceedings were held
before the Court of Arbitration in Vienna. The subject of the arbitration proceedings was the claim by
Alpiq, raised against PGE S.A., resulting from the default on an electricity supply agreement signed on
28 October 1997. Claims submitted by Atel in a supplemented (rephrased) lawsuit dated 4 October
2010 amounted to EUR 155 million. After replacing the previous pleadings (the so-called post-hearing
briefs) Apliq finally demanded an amount around EUR 168 million plus interest. The arbitration
proceedings were held in written form and were based on the exchange of pleadings between the
parties and presentation of written statements of witnesses, experts and parties as evidence to the
Tribunal.

On 12 September 2012 the Tribunal issued a decision on the matter, by which PGE S.A. is obliged to
pay Alpiq the amount of EUR 43.204 thousand, plus accrued interest.

The Company and Alpiq reached an agreement on the implementation of the above judgment.
According to this agreement, the Company was to pay the principal amount along with interest to the
date of judgment, less the costs of arbitration awarded against Alpiq to PGE S.A., of EUR 22.898
thousand each. The first payment was paid in April 2013, and the second in December 2013.

Legal issues related to the Consolidation Programme

As a result of the Consolidation Programme, on 3 and 16 August 2010 extraordinary general meetings
of certain PGE Group entities passed resolutions to merge (merger resolutions). Few shareholders of
these companies filed appeals against the above mentioned resolutions for determining their invalidity
and possibly demanding that the resolutions be repealed. The above claims were made with reference
to the merger resolution adopted by PGE Elektrownia Opole S.A. and merger resolutions adopted by
some companies merged within the mining and conventional energy business line (PGE Gornictwo
i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. conducts these cases), as well as a merger resolution adopted by
shareholders of PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka S.A. (case conducted by PGE S.A.).

All sentences have been issued and courts confirmed that the claims of the shareholders were
unfounded and the actual aim of these shareholders is to question the parity of shares, which is
unacceptable on the basis of procedure of appeals against resolutions.

Shareholders, using their procedural rights, filed cassation complaints against PGE Gornictwo
i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A., PGE Elektrownia Opole S.A. and PGE S.A. In case against PGE
Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. the Supreme Court refused to recognize cassation
appeals, or ruled to dismiss the shareholders' cassation appeals.

39. Future investment commitments

At the date preparation of these financial statements, the largest contemplated investment at PGE
Group is the construction of power units 5 and 6 at PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka
Konwencjonalna S.A., Oddziat Elektrownia Opole (Power Plant Opole). According to the contract
signed with the General Contractor, the value of this project is PLN 9.397 million, including the first
part of advance payment already made of PLN 188 million. On 31 January 2014 the General
Contractor has received Start of Work Order. The investment is described in Note 45.4 to these
financial statements.

88

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Beyond the above mentioned investment as at 31 December 2013, the PGE Capital Group was
committed to incur capital expenditures on property, plant and equipment in the amount of PLN 5.096
million. These amounts relate mainly to construction of new power units, modernization of Group’s
assets and a purchase of machinery and equipment. Significant future investment commitments
concern:

e PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Elektrownia Betchatow (Power
Plant Belchatow) — reconstruction and modernization of blocks, including flue gas
desulphurization, in for the total amount of ca. PLN 2.721 million,

e PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Elektrocieptownia Gorzow (Heat
and Power Plant Gorzéw) — construction of new steam — gas block including service
agreement and connection to transmission network — about PLN 688 million

e PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Elektrownia Turow, Elektrownia
Opole i Elektrownia Dolna Odra (Power Plants Tur6w, Opole and Dolna Odra) — investment
aiming to reduce nitric oxide emission — about PLN 632 million.

e investment commitments of PGE Dystrybucja S.A. related to network assets of the total value
of approx. PLN 552 million.

40. Tax settlements

Tax obligations and rights are specified in the Constitution of the Republic of Poland, tax regulations
and rectified international agreements. According to the tax ordinance, tax is defined as public, unpaid,
obligatory and non-returnable cash liability toward the State Treasury, provincial or other regional
authorities resulting from tax regulation. Taking into account the subject criterion, current taxes in
Poland can be divided into five groups: taxation of incomes, taxation of turnover, taxation of assets,
taxation of activities and other, not classified elsewhere.

From the point of view of economic units, the most important is the taxation of incomes (corporate
income tax), taxation of turnover (value added tax, excise tax) followed by taxation of assets (real
estate tax and vehicle tax). Other payments classified as quasi — taxes cannot be omitted. Among
these there are social security charges.

Basic tax rates in 2013 were as follows: corporate income tax — 19%, basic value added tax rate —
23%, lowered: 8%, 5%, 0%, furthermore some goods and products are subject to tax exemption.

The tax system in Poland is characterized by a significant changeability of tax regulations, their
complexity, high potential fees foreseen in case of commitment of a tax crime or violation as well as
general pro-tax approach of tax authorities. Tax settlements and other activity areas subject to
regulations (customs or currency controls) can be subject to controls of respective authorities that are
entitled to issue fines and penalties with penalty interest. Controls may cover tax settlements for the
period of 5 years after the end of calendar year in which the tax was due.

The significant proceedings regarding public and state settlement within the Group entities are
presented below.

Excise tax

As a result of non-compliance of Polish legal regulations on excise tax on electricity with the European
Union law, on 11 February 2009, power plants and heat and power stations of PGE Group filed
adjusted excise tax declarations together with motions stating surplus payments of excise tax in the
years 2006-2008 and the months January and February 2009. The total value of the surplus declared
(without the cost of interest) in the subject motions amounted to ca. PLN 3.4 billion.

The issue of excise tax refund for the period currently is a matter of dispute between producers and
tax authorities. Taking into account a significant uncertainty related to final court decision on the above
described matter, the Group does not recognize any financial results of possible refund of the excise
tax surplus payment in the consolidated financial statements and do not consider this potential return
as contingent receivable.

89

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Real estate tax

There are tax proceedings carried out in respect of real estate tax in PGE Group power stations. The
dispute is related to the subject of taxation and concerns mainly a decision whether installations in
buildings and technical machinery should be taxed as autonomous constructions.

Tax proceedings are currently at various levels in front of first instance authorities (vogt, mayor), local
government board of appeals and administrative courts. Considering the pending disputes, PGE
Group established an appropriate provision.

41. Information on related parties

Transactions with related entities are concluded using market prices for provided goods, products and
services or are based on the cost of manufacturing.

41.1. Associates

The information on investments in associates accounted for using the equity method is presented in
note 25 of these financial statements

Period ended Period ended
31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Sales to associates 6.993 6.481
Purchase from associates 338 333
Trade receivables from associates 1.018 1.038
Trade liabilities towards associates 80 50

41.2. Transactions with State Treasury entities

The State Treasury is the dominant shareholder of PGE S.A. and as a result in accordance with IAS
24 Related Party Disclosures, State Treasury companies are recognized as related entities. PGE
Capital Group entities identify in detail transactions with approx. 40 of the biggest State Treasury
related companies. The total value of transactions with such entities is presented in the table below.

Period ended Period ended
31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Sales to State Treasury entities 4.017.311 2.422.095
Purchase from State Treasury entities 3.673.036 4.647.636
Trade receivables from State Treasury entities 523.118 260.621
Including overdue 3.530 855
Trade liabilities towards State Treasury entities 351.281 545.675
Including overdue 221 654

Increase in sales to State Treasury entities relates to realization of sale agreement with Energa
Obrot S.A. concerning electricity. Moreover, the largest transactions with the participation of State
Treasury companies involve PSE-Operator S.A., public utility power generating plants, electricity
trading companies, retailers involved in sales and purchases of coal from Polish mines.

Moreover, PGE Group closes significant transactions on the energy market via the Towarowa Gielda
Energii S.A. (Polish Power Exchange). However, because this entity is only engaged in organization of
exchange trading activities, purchases and sales transacted through this entity are not recognized as
transactions with related parties.

90

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

41.3. | Key management personnel remuneration

The key management comprises the Management Boards and Supervisory Boards of the parent
company and of group entities included in main business lines, as well as: PGE Energia Jadrowa S.A.,

PGE EJ1 sp. z 0.0., PGE Systemy S.A. and Exatel S.A.

Period ended
31 December 2013

Period ended
31 December 2012

Short-term employee benefits (salaries and salary related costs) 25.715 22.945
Post-employment and termination benefits 9.755 6.641
Remuneration of key management personnel 35.470 29.586
verations of key management personnel of entities of non-core 18.064 17.925
Total remuneration of key management personnel 53.534 47.511

Period ended
31 December 2013

Period ended
31 December 2012

The Management Board of the parent company 13.254 8.473
The Supervisory Board of the parent company 282 325
The Management Boards — subsidiaries 20.993 19.655
The Supervisory Boards — subsidiaries 941 1.133
Remuneration of key management personnel 35.470 29.586
Remuneration of key management personnel of entities

of non-core operations 18.064 17.925
Total remuneration of key management personnel 53.534 47.511

The Members of the Management Boards of some of the Group companies are employed on the basis
of civil law contracts for management (Management contracts). The mentioned remuneration is
included in other costs by type in Note 15.2 Costs by type and function of these financial statements.

The increase of remuneration expense of the Management Board of the parent company in the period
ended 31 December 2013 results mainly from the provision for the remuneration of former
Management Board Members for non-competition covenant. Remunerations will be paid in 2014.

Detailed information about the remuneration of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of
the parent company is presented in note 6.3.1 and 6.3.2 of the Management Report on Activities of
PGE Capital Group.

91

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
PGE ~ PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

42. Financial instruments

42.1. | Amount in the statement of financial position and fair value of categories and classes of financial instruments

Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2013 As at 31 December 2012
Categories and classes of financial assets: Long-term Short-term Total Long-term Short-term Total
1. Held-to-maturity investments - - - - - -
2. Loans and receivables:
(i) Trade receivables a) - 2.192.088 2.192.088 - 1.894.733 1.894.733
(ii) Deposits and investments b) - 99.774 99.774 - 10.217 10.217
(iii) Other financial loans and receivables 391.947 803.305 1.195.252 329.287 757.870 1.087.157
Bonds, bill and notes receivable acquired b) 357.518 - 357.518 321.341 - 321.341
Originated loans b) 132 177 309 2.681 336 3.017
Other financial receivables b) 34.297 128.533 162.830 5.265 143.386 148.651
LTC compensations b) - 674.595 674.595 - 614.148 614.148
Total loans and receivables: 391.947 3.095.167 3.487.114 329.287 2.662.820 2.992.107
3. Available-for-sale financial assets, including:
()) Shares in entities not quoted on active 24.786 4.910 29.696 33.242 550 33.792
(ii) Shares quoted on active markets - - : 14 90 104
(iii) Investment funds’ units - 4.115 4.115 - 3.737 3.737
Total available-for-sale financial assets: 24.786 9.025 33.811 33.256 4.377 37.633
4. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(i) Derivatives - 104.248 104.248 - 18.833 18.833
5. Cash and cash equivalents - 5.951.964 5.951.964 - 4.795.493 4.795.493
Financial assets not included in IAS 39
(i) Lease receivables b) 23 18 41 108 113 221

a) Long-term trade receivables are presented in the statement of financial position as “Other long-term financial assets”. Short-term trade receivables are
presented in the statement of financial position as “Trade receivables”.

b) These are presented in the statement of financial position as “Loans and receivables”.

The carrying value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost is a reasonable estimate of their fair value.

92
Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
“PGE~

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Carrying amount
As at 31 December 2013

As at 31 December 2012

Categories and classes of financial assets: Long-term Short-term Total Long-term
1. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
held for trading:
(i) Derivatives - 23.725 23.725 -
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: - 23.725 23.725 -
2. Financial liabilities at amortized cost:
(i) Interest bearing loans and credits a) 992.013 525.552 1.517.565 1.082.987
(ii) Bonds issued a) 1.000.000 374 1.000.374 -
(iii) Trade liabilities - 934.834 934.834 -
(iv) LTC compensations b) - 816.605 816.605 -
(v) Other financial liabilities at amortized cost b) 10.665 1.127.477 1.138.142 22.038
Total financial liabilities at amortized cost: 2.002.678 3.404.842 5.407.520 1.105.025
3. Other financial liabilities not included in IAS 39
(i) Liabilities from finance lease and lease agreements a) 1.847 1.905 3.752 2.257
with option of purchase
Total other financial liabilities: 1.847 1.905 3.752 2.257
a) These are presented in the statement of financial position as “Interest bearing loans and borrowings”
b) These are presented in the statement of financial position as “Other financial liabilities”

Short-term

36.513

36.513

809.234

1.201.870
393.568
1.152.752

3.557.424

2.213

2.213

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

Total

36.513

36.513

1.892.221

1.201.870
393.568
1.174.790

4.662.449

4.470

4.470

93
“PGE~

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

42.2.

Statement of comprehensive income

There is combined effect of the various categories of financial instruments on the financial income and expenses presented below.

Assets and liabilities at Available-for- Financial Total financial
fair value through profit sale financial Held-to-maturity Loans and liabilities at instruments by
Period ended 31 December 2013 or loss and cash assets financial assets receivables amortized cost class
Dividends - 2.479 - - - 2.479
Gains / (losses) from interest 131.106 1.664 76.070 (56.814) 152.026
Gains / (losses) from foreign exchange 449 - - 3.791 (2.240) 2.000
Reversal of impairment allowances / 53.740 377 7 19.494 7 73.611
increase of value
Creation of impairment allowances / (170) . 7 (72.808) 7 (72.978)
decrease of value
Gain / (loss) on investment disposal - 13.922 - - - 13.922
Total profit / (loss) 185.125 18.442 - 26.547 (59.054) 171.060
Assets and liabilities at Available-for- Financial Total financial
fair value through profit sale financial Held-to-maturity Loans and instruments by
Period ended 31 December 2012 or loss and cash assets financial assets receivables amortized cost class
Dividends - 3.944 - - - 3.944
Gains / (losses) from interest 262.352 120 - 114.585 (69.031) 308.026
Gains / (losses) from foreign exchange (19.131) 2.272 - (29.473) 94.350 48.018
Reversal of impairment allowances / 17.361 681 7 32.559 16 50.617
increase of value
Creation of impairment allowances / . (65.065) 7 (69.193) . (134.258)
decrease of value
Gain / (loss) on investment disposal : 58.285 : : : 58.285
Total profit / (loss) 260.582 237 - 48.478 25.335 334.632

*) the position includes the creation and release of receivables impairment allowances presented in other operating income / expenses

During the period ended 31 December 2013, the amount of PLN 321 thousand, net of deferred tax, related to a measurement of available-for-sale
financial assets was reflected in other comprehensive income.

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

94
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

42.3. Fair value of financial instruments

The book value of the following assets and liabilities represents a reasonable estimate of their fair
value:

) loans and receivables and financial liabilities at amortized cost,
e available-for-sale financial assets except for shares in entities not quoted on an active markets,
e financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.

42.3.1. Methods of measurement to fair value of financial instruments recognized in the
statement of financial position at fair value (fair value hierarchy)

Instruments not quoted on active markets, for which the fair value can be estimated reliably

Fair value of instruments not quoted on active markets is measured by the Group by applying an
appropriate valuation method as long as a reliable measurement is possible with the use of prices
from the most recent transactions conducted under standard market rules; a comparison with prices
from other instruments’ active markets, which are essentially identical; analysis of discounted cash
flows and other methods/techniques of measurement commonly used on the market, suitable for
particular specifics and characteristics of a measured financial instrument and the situation of the
issuer (drawer).

Inventories

The Company has the greenhouse gases emission rights, some of which are acquired in order to
realize profits from fluctuations in market prices. This part of the emission allowances is recognized in
inventories at fair value less costs of disposal, decreases are measured by detailed identification. The
fair value is determined based on the market quotations (Level 1).

Derivatives

The Group measures derivatives at fair value using valuation models for financial instruments based
on publicly available exchange rates, interest rates, forward and volatility curves for currencies and
commodities derived from active markets. The fair value of derivative instruments is determined based
on discounted future cash flows from the transactions, calculated based on the difference between the
forward rate and transaction. Forward exchange rates are not modeled as a separate risk factor, but
derived from the spot rate and forward interest rate for foreign currencies in relation to PLN.

Derivatives are presented as assets when their valuation is positive and as liabilities when negative
valuation. Gains and losses arising from changes in value are recognized in profit or loss of the
reporting year.

In the category of financial assets at fair value through profit, the Group presents derivatives related to
the greenhouse gases emission rights - foreign exchange and commodities - items shown in the
separate financial statements of PGE Polska Grupa Energetycza S.A. (Level 2). In the category of
financial liabilities at fair value through profit the Group presents hedging IRS — swap in PGE
Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A., Oddziat Elektrownia Turéw (Level 2) and currency
forwards in PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A. (Level 2).

95

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

As at 31 December 2013

As at 31 December 2012

Level 1 Level 2 Level 1 Level 2
Inventories 246.431 - 194 207 -
Financial assets - 104.248 . 18.833
- commodity forward - 95.696 7 13.307
- FX forward . 8.552 ° 5.526
Financial Liabilities . 23.725 . 36.513
- FX forward - 1.046 ° 148
- swap - 22.679 7 36.365

42.3.2. Financial instruments quoted on active markets (shares, bonds)

Fair value of shares and bonds listed on a stock exchange was measured on the basis of the closing
rate of these financial instruments, published on the Internet page of the Gielda Papieréw
Wartosciowych S.A. (Warsaw Stock Exchange) as at the balance sheet date.

42.3.3 Financial instruments not quoted on active markets, for which the fair value can be
estimated reliably

Fair value of instruments not quoted on active markets is measured by the Group by applying an
appropriate valuation method as long as a reliable measurement is possible with the use of prices
from the most recent transactions conducted under standard market rules; a comparison with prices
from other instruments’ active markets, which are essentially identical; analysis of discounted cash
flows and other methods/techniques of measurement commonly used on the market, suitable for
particular specifics and characteristics of a measured financial instrument and the situation of the
issuer (drawer).

Fair value of the Group’s financial instruments not quoted on active markets is based on valuation

methods for which input data can only be observed market data, which are obtained from renowned
providers of financial information.

Fair value of derivative transactions used by the Group is determined on the market yield curve of
future interest rates. Interest rates are used for discounting future cash flows are calculated on the
basis of quotations of IRS transactions on the inter-bank market, obtained from the Reuters agency.

96

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

42.3.4 Financial instruments not quoted on active markets, for which fair value cannot be
estimated reliably

Basic assets of the Group classified as available-for-sale financial assets are shares in entities not
quoted on active markets. For shares in entities that are not listed, there is no active market nor is
there a possibility of using measurement techniques for reliable valuation of given shares. Due to the
above, the Group is not able to establish a range of reasonable fair value estimates. Such assets are
measured at cost of acquisition less impairment losses.

42.4. Description of significant position within particular classes of financial
instruments

42.4.1 Loans and receivables

As at 31 December 2013 Long-term Short-term
Trade receivables 2.192.088

Other loans and financial receivables,
within the scope of IAS 39:

Deposits over 3 months - 99.774
Bonds, bills and notes receivable acquired 357.518 -
Originated loans 132 177
Compensations related to LTC - 674.595
Other financial receivables 34.297 128.533
cine game and cia eceuables, so1947 003.079
Lease receivables 23 18

Other loans and financial receivables,

Recognized in the financial statement, total 391.970 903.097

Trade receivables

The main component of trade receivables are receivables recognized by the company PGE Obrot S.A.
Receivables from households account for about 12% of the consolidated balance of trade receivables
while receivables from corporate clients of PGE Obrét S.A. represent about 56% of the consolidated
balance of trade receivables. On 31 December 2013 the share of the three largest customers of PGE
Capital Group amounted to approximately 8% of the balance of this position of the financial statement.

Additional information relating to trade receivables is presented in Note 43.6 of these financial
statements.

Bonds, bills and notes receivable acquired

The position comprises of bonds issued by Autostrada Wielkopolska S.A. with a carrying value of PLN
357,518 thousand. Bonds issued by Autostrada Wielkopolska S.A. are not traded and their market
quotations are not known. PGE S.A. performed an impairment test of these financial instruments as at
31 December 2012. The test was conducted on the basis of the financial model of the company, which
assumed, among other things, winning of Autostrada Wielkopolska S.A. in a dispute with the State
Treasury on compensation for exemption from tolls vehicles with vignette. Given the above
assumptions, as a result of the test, there was no need to make the impairment. In 2013 the dispute
between Autostrada Wielkopolska S.A. and the State Treasury has been resolved in favour of the
company. In order to assess the value of investments as at 31 December 2013, PGE S.A. has
evaluated impairment indicators and concluded that there is no need to re-perform the impairment test
of owned bonds.

97

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Compensations related to LTC

The issue of compensations related to LTC has been detailed described in the Note 45.1 to these
financial statements.

Other financial receivables

The value of other financial receivables consist mainly of receivables from bails, guarantee deposits,
as well as receivables from the security of the balancing market and receivables from damages and

penalties.

42.4.2 Available-for-sale financial assets

The most significant positions of available-for-sale financial assets are shares in entities not quoted on
active markets. As at 31 December 2013, the largest items presented in the above category are
shares of Energo-Utech, constituting 39% of the balance of the above items.

The Group is not able to reliably estimate the fair value of entities that are not quoted on active
markets, therefore the value of these is presented in the purchase price adjusted by applicable
impairment allowances.

42.4.3 Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

As at 31 December 2013 the Group recognized in above category financial instruments such as
forward and swap.
As at 31 December 2013 As at 31 December 2012

iene assets at fair value through profit or 104.248 18.833
- commodity forward 95.696 13.307
- FX forward 8.552 5.526
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 23.725 36.513
- FX forward 1.046 148
- swap 22.679 36.365

The key position of financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss are the
instruments related to emissions of CO 2. In the reporting period and in previous periods the Group
entered into a series of transactions (forward) on the commodity and currency market. Their impact on
the statement of comprehensive income is presented in note 15.5 of these financial statements.
The maturity dates of these transactions are 2014-2016.

Additionally, the Group presented IRS hedge transactions, related to swap concluded by PGE
Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Elektrownia Turdw as financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss. These transactions were concluded on 18 September 2003 with Citibank
N.A. London Branch and are meant to hedge variable (USD LIBOR 6m) interest rates on investment
credits granted by Nordic Investment Bank in the value of USD 30, 40 and 80 million.

Based on the transaction, the bank — party to a contract pays to the entity interest based on a variable
rate, and PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Elektrownia Turdw pays to
Citibank interest based on a fixed rate. Effectively the variable rate bank credit from Nordic Investment
Bank was changed to fixed rate credit.

98

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

List of instruments owned is presented in the table below:

Fair value as at

Type of hedge _ Description of the hedging instrument the balance Description of the risk

subject to the hedge

sheet date
IRS transaction - change of a variable Currency credit in the amount
interest rate USD LIBOR 6m to a fixed rate of USD 40 million, interest
cash flow (5,20%) for NIB 40 credit; half-year (879) rate LIBOR 6m+ 0,23%
eage payments, amortized in accordance to margin; half-yearly payments,
credit repayment schedule
IRS transaction - change of a variable Currency credit in the amount
interest rate USD LIBOR 6m to a fixed rate of USD 30 million, interest
cash flow (5,2050%) for NIB 30 credit; half-year (2.235) fate LIBOR 6m +0,18%
eage payments, amortized in accordance to margin; half-yearly payments
credit repayment schedule
IRS transaction - change of a variable Currency credit in the amount
interest rate USD LIBOR 6m to a fixed rate of USD 80 million, interest
cash flow (5,61%) for NIB 80 credit; half-year (19.565) ate LIBOR 6m +0,86%
eage payments, amortized in accordance to margin; half-yearly payments
credit repayment schedule
Total (22.679)

As the Group does not apply hedge accounting, the change in fair value of the above hedging
instruments is recognized in consolidated profit or loss in the relevant reporting period.

The above mentioned agreements expire in years 2015, 2016 and 2019. The estimation of the fair
value of IRS instruments is based on the comparison of discounted future cash flows, so-called “swap
legs”. The value of cash flows resulting from interest rate on “variable leg” of the transaction and the
amount of the discount is calculated on the basis of the yield curve of market interest rates.

During the period ended 31 December 2013 the Group fair valued IRS transactions and recognized
the negative accrued valuation of the IRS transaction amounting to PLN 13.686 thousand in the
statement of comprehensive income. Furthermore, during the period the Group incurred the costs of
swap payments accounting for PLN 11.949 thousand. Taking into account the long-term period of the
transactions concluded and that the credit limit granted by the party of the transaction has not been
exceeded, the entity did not take any actions aimed at closing the above described transaction.

99

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

42.4.4 Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost

42.4.4.1 Interest bearing loans and credits

Loans and credits drawn as at 31 December 2013:

Value of credit / loan
Reference _as at reporting date

Currency rate (in thousands) Due in the period:
in Within1 From1to From 2 to From 3 From 4 Above 5
currency __in PLN year 2 years 3 years years years years
PLN Variable 556.040 556.040 420.156 34.845 22.685 21.005 20.297 37.052
Fixed 51.883 51.883 7.014 10.638 10.830 7.662 7.662 8.077
Total PLN 607.923 607.923 427.170 45.483 33.515 28.667 27.959 45.129
Variable 148.424 615.542 7.810 24.052 62.185 66.202 96.529 358.764
EURO .
Fixed - - - - - - - -
Total EURO 148.424 615.542 7.810 24.052 62.185 66.202 96.529 358.764
USD Variable 63.081 190.001 45.425 39.156 33.132 24.096 24.096 24.096
Fixed - - - - - - - -
Total USD 63.081 190.001 45.425 39.156 33.132 24.096 24.096 24.096
Variable 30.784 104.099 45.147 37.070 21.882 - - -
CHF .
Fixed - - - - - - - -
Total CHF 30.784 104.099 45.147 37.070 21.882 - - -
Total credits and loans 1.517.565 525.552 145.761 150.714 118.965 148.584 427.989
Loans and credits drawn as at 31 December 2012.
Value of credit / loan
Reference _as at reporting date
Currency rate (in thousands) Due in the period:
in Within1 From1to From 2 to From 3 From 4 Above 5
currency in PLN year 2 years 3 years years years years
PLN Variable 887.552 887.552 715.960 37.591 29.994 23.598 21.918 58.491
Fixed 7.386 7.386 922 1.295 2.438 1.982 749 -
Total PLN 894.938 894.938 716.882 38.886 32.432 25.580 22.667 58.491
Variable 150.000 605.702 176 12.644 33.420 49.785 72.819 436.858
EURO Fixed - - - - - - - -
Total EURO 150.000 605.702 176 12.644 33.420 49.785 72.819 436.858
USD Variable 78.123 242.152 46.876 46.494 40.295 34.096 24.797 49.594
Fixed - - - - - - - -
Total USD 78.123 242.152 46.876 46.494 40.295 34.096 24.797 49.594
Variable 44.121 149.429 45.300 45.087 37.127 21.915 - -
CHF .
Fixed - - - - - - - -
Total CHF 44.121 149.429 45.300 45.087 37.127 21.915 - -
Total credits and loans 1.892.221 809.234 143.111 143.274 131.376 120.283 544.943
100

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Among the borrowing items presented above as at 31 December 2013, the PGE Capital Group
presents mainly the following facilities:

investment credit facility taken out by PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. from
Nordycki Bank Inwestycyjny (Nordic Investment Bank) to finance construction of 858 MW power
unit in Elektrownia Betchatéw (Power Plant Betchatow) - with value of PLN 615.542 thousand;

investment credit facilities taken out by PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. from
Nordycki Bank Inwestycyjny (Nordic Investment Bank) and UBS Investment Bank AG to finance
the modernization of power blocks no. 1-6 in Elektrownia Tur6w (Power Plant Turdw) in total value
of PLN 294.100 thousand;

credit in current accounts in total value of PLN 382.144 thousand.

As at 31 December 2013 the value of available overdraft facilities in current account amounted to PLN
1.646.177 thousand. Overdrafts in current account relating to the main PGE Capital Group entities are
due for repayment until December 2016.
42.4.4.2 Liabilities form bonds issued

As at 31 December 2013 the PGE Capital Group had liabilities from bonds issued:

Due in the period:

Reference Value at nate From 2
Currency rate reporting date Within1 From 1 to to 3 From 3to From4to5 Above 5
year 2 years 4 years years years
years
PLN Variable 1.000.374 374 - - - 1.000.000
Fixed - - - - - -
Total PLN 1.000.374 374 - - - 1.000.000

As at 31 December 2012 the PGE Capital Group had no liabilities from bonds issued.

As at 31 December 2013, PGE S.A. had a possibility of issuing bonds within programme addressed to
Polish capital markets investors of maximum amount of PLN 5 billion of which bonds with a nominal
value of PLN 1 billion were issued in 2013.

Bond Issue Program of PLN 5 billion addressed to Polish capital market investors

On 29 August 2011 PGE S.A. signed an issue agreement with Pekao S.A. bank (acting as Agent,
Paying Agent and Depository) and ING Bank Slaski S.A. (acting as Sub-Agent, Sub-Paying Agent and
Sub-Depository) for an indefinite period of time, under which the bond issue programme was
established.

The maximum Programme amount (representing a maximum aggregate nominal amount of bonds
issued and outstanding under the Programme) is PLN 5 billion.

Bonds are to be issued as specified in article 9 paragraph 3 of the Act on Bonds dated 29 June 1995
(Official Journal 2001, no. 120, item 1300 with amendments) based on the Programme Agreement
and Issue Terms, as dematerialized bearer coupon bonds or bearer zero-coupon bonds with maturity
not shorter than 1 month and not longer than 10 years.

Bonds under the Programme will be denominated in Polish zloty (PLN). The nominal value of one
bond will amount to PLN 10.000 or multiples of this amount. Bonds issued may be coupon or zero-
coupon bonds based on market interest rates in accordance with best-effort rule.

On 27 June 2013 there took place the first non-public issuance of 5-year bonds, the coupon bearer
bonds with a variable interest rate under this program. The nominal value of the issue was
PLN 1 billion and the maturity of the bonds is 29 June 2018. On 29 August 2013 the bonds were
floated in the Alternative Trading System organized by BondSpot S.A. and Gielda Papieréw
Wartosciowych S.A.

101

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

42.4.4.3 Other financial liabilities valued at amortized cost

The value of other financial liabilities measured at amortized cost, with a carrying amount of PLN
1.138.142 thousand (as shown in the table in Note 42.1 to these financial statements), consists mainly
of:

e liabilities related to the purchase of tangible fixed assets and intangible assets with a value of PLN
547.276 thousand,

e received bails and guarantee deposits with a value of PLN 350.200 thousand,

e liability related to grant for the installation to capture, transport and storage of CO (CCS) with a
value of PLN 164.531 thousand.

42.5 Collaterals for repayments of liabilities

The Group uses many financial instruments and combinations thereof as collaterals for repayment of
loans. The most frequently used are agreements of assignment of receivables, bills and execution
statements. Additionally, the Group uses power of attorney to bank accounts and cessions of
receivables

As at the balance sheet date, assets of the following value were collateral for repayment of liabilities or
contingent liabilities:

Carrying amount of assets being collateral
for repayment of liabilities as at
31 December 2013 31 December 2012

Property, plant and equipment 1.053.131 1.152.235
Inventories 52.744 29.713
Trade receivables 15.056 13.270
Cash - -

Other assets - -

Total assets being collaterals for repayment of liabilities 1.120.931 1.195.218

Property, plant and equipment presented in the table above are collaterals for repayment of drawn
investment credits. As at 31 December 2013 and as at 31 December 2012 the most significant
position is a collateral mortgage on the new power unit 858 MW constructed in PGE Gornictwo
i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Elektrownia Betchatow. The table lists the value of the
mortgage, i.e. the amount of EUR 195 million, but the value of the assets on which the mortgage is
registered amounts to value of PLN 4.186.095 thousand.

The collaterals on inventories comprise mainly pledges related to funds received from environmental
funds.

The companies from PGE Capital Group are obliged to maintain a specified cash balance on its
account held with Bank Ochrony Srodowiska S.A. according to the rules of |zba Rozliczeniowa Gietd
Towarowych S.A. (WCCH - Warsaw Commmodity Clearing House) and to participation in a guarantee
fund. Moreover, the entities maintain bank accounts at Nordea S.A. bank as a deposit securing
payments of liabilities due to purchases of electric energy on poee Warsaw Stock Exchange Energy
Market (poee RE GPW) and the companies’ open positions on the market. Cash accounted for as
restricted cash of these two titles as at 31 December 2013 amounted to PLN 84.434 thousand.

102

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

43. Objectives and principles of financial risk management

PGE Capital Group companies, due to their business activities, are exposed to the following types of
financial risks:

e —_ Liquidity risk
e market risk, including: interest rate risk; currency risk; price risk;
e — credit risk;

Since the contribution of the entities to PGE S.A., the PGE Capital Group manages financial risk in
shape and range as presented in further part of this paragraph. In the previous periods, financial risk
management was executed on the level of particular entities constituting the PGE Group.

The main objective of financial risk management in PGE Group entities is to reduce fluctuations of
cash flows and financial result related to entities’ exposure to market risk and other categories of
financial risk, particularly credit risk to an acceptable level by the Company’s management.
The defined objective is realized on the level of PGE Group or on the level of each entity, as long as it
is consistent with objectives at the Group level.

Both on the Group level and entity level, the objectives are achieved with the use of the mechanism of
natural hedging and hedging derivative transactions in the range compliant with the PGE Capital
Group’s internal regulations.

None of the PGE Group entities, except as described in Note 42.3.1, conclude derivative transactions
for purposes other than to secure an identified exposure to market risk. As a result, it is prohibited in
the Group to conclude speculative transactions, i.e. such transactions that increase the exposure
to interest rate risk or currency risk, in comparison to the risk level resulting from identified sources of
entities’ exposure to the mentioned types of market risk, the purpose of which is to obtain additional
gains on changes of risk level.

The PGE Group applies an active approach to market risk management. This approach assumes that
the market risk generated by the PGE Group entities shall be transferred to the parent company, i.e.
PGE S.A. with the use of Intra-Group transactions. Internal transactions are concluded at market
conditions. The active approach to market risk management assumes the following:

e adjustment of the level of collateral (the ratio of secured exposure in relation to the whole of
exposure for interest rate risk and currency risk) to the Group expectations on the shaping of
risk factors in order to avoid significant losses resulting from unexpected changes of risk
factors;

e supporting the realization of budgetary assumptions of the Group, realization of investment
programmes and Group development strategy with the use of a collateral mechanism against
interest rate risk and currency risk

103

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

43.1. Liquidity risk

PGE Group entities run an active policy on investment of cash surpluses. It means that the entities are
monitoring the state of monetary surplus and are forecasting future cash flows, and on such a basis
the investment strategy is realized towards cash aimed at realization of the investment strategy
objectives.

In case of monetary shortage, PGE Group entities use available financing sources:

e bank credit granted in current account;

e bonds issued that are acquired by PGE S.A;

e bonds issued that are acquired by external buyers.
The Bond issue program is presented in detail in Note 42.4.4.2 of these financial statements
43.2. Interest rate risk

PGE Capital Group entities are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of financing their operating and
investment activities with interest bearing indebtedness at variable interest rates or through
investments in financial assets at variable or fixed interest rates. On the other hand, financing
business activity with indebtedness at a fixed interest rate is related to the opportunity cost risk in case
of interest rates’ decline.

The entities are exposed to interest rate risk related to deposits placed, cash, investment in bonds
issued by Autostrada Wielkopolska S.A. and liabilities from credits granted and bonds issued and
changes in fair value of derivatives swaps, resulting from changes in interest rates.

The below table presents the interest rate gap, constituting the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk
and risk concentration, with regards to currencies and type of interest rate:

Nominal value Nominal value

as at as at
31 December 31 December
Type of interest 2013 2012
rate (restated)

PLN Fixed 365 10.886
Financial assets exposed to Variable 6.003.812 4.685.600
interest rate risk Other Fixed 104.248 18.833
currencies Variable 405.429 433.803
PLN Fixed 55.635 7.386
Financial liabilities exposed Variable 1.556.414 887.552
to interest rate risk Other Fixed 1.046 148
currencies Variable 932.321 1.033.648
PLN Fixed (55.270) 3.500
Net exposure Variable 4.447.398 3.798.048
Other Fixed 103.202 18.685
currencies Variable (526.892) (599.845)

Interest on financial instruments of a variable interest rate is updated in periods shorter than one year.
Interest on financial instruments of a fixed interest rate is flat throughout the whole period until maturity
of these instruments

Cash is presented in the position of financial assets exposed to variable interest rates. Cash
comprises mainly short-term deposits (not longer than 3 months) of fixed interest rate. However due to
risk of variability of interest rates when negotiating the interest rates in future periods, the Group
presents them in above table as variable.

104

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

43.3. Currency risk
In the PGE Group companies two types of exposure to currency risk can be identified:
Exposure to transaction risk

The risk results from the fact that a portion of cash flows related to core operations of entities is
denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies. The other sources of exposure to the risk are capital
investments and financing in foreign currencies. Currency risk relates to changes in future cash flows
denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates.

Exposure to translation risk

The risk results from translation of carrying amounts of items of assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currency to the functional currency of financial statements of the entities, i.e. PLN. Similar to
transaction risk, the lack of certainty of future foreign exchange rates, at which the carrying amounts of
items of assets and liabilities shall be translated as at the balance sheet date, causes uncertainty
concerning carrying amounts of these items in PLN as at the balance sheet date and relevant financial
income and/or expenses resulting from foreign exchange differences recognized in statement of
comprehensive income. Presented below are main sources of exposure to currency risk:

e Capital expenditures denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies,

e Loans and borrowings of Group companies denominated in foreign currencies,
e Sales (export) of electricity in import denominated in foreign currencies,

e Purchases of electricity denominated in foreign currencies

e Fees denominated in or indexed to foreign currency relevant to purchase of transmission
capacities,

e Sales and Purchases of CO, emission rights denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies,

e Expenses related to current exploitation of production goods denominated in or indexed to
foreign currencies,

e Financial assets with deposit characteristics denominated in foreign currencies.

105

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PGE~

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

The below table presents the Group’s exposure to currency risk with regards to particular classes of financial instruments:

Total carrying

Currency position as at 31 December 2013

value EUR USD CHF DKK
PLN in currency PLN in PLN n PLN n PLN
currency currency currency

Financial assets
Deposits 99.774 - - - - - - - -
Bonds, bills and notes receivable acquired 357.518 86.207 357.518 - - - - - -
Trade receivables 2.192.088 3.550 15.206 575 1.445 - - - -
Cash and cash equivalents 5.951.964 11.529 47.730 56 170 - - - -
Originated loans 309 - - - - - - - -
Other financial receivables 162.830 12 48 - - - - - -
Shares in entities not quoted on active 29.696 7 7 . . . . 7 .
Other financial assets 4.115 - - - - - - - -
Lease receivables 41 - - - - - - - -
Compensations related to LTC 674.595 - - - - - - - -
Derivatives forward * 104.248 215.358 920.855 - - - - - -
Financial liabilities
Derivatives forward * (1.046) (18.375) (80.510) - - - - - -
Derivatives swap (22.679) - - (7.530) (22.679) - - - -
Interest bearing loans and credits (1.517.565) (148.424) (615.542) (63.081) (190.001) (30.784) (104.099) - -
Bonds and debt securities issued (1.000.374) - - - - - - - -
Trade and other financial liabilities at
amortized cost (2.072.976) (9.208) (38.190) (472) (1.421) - - (169) (94)
Liabilities related to LTC (816.605) - - - - - - - -
Liabilities from finance lease and lease
agreements with option of purchase (3.752) 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7

Net currency position 140.649 607.115 (70.452) (212.486) (30.784) (104.099) (169) (94)

* The value of currency risk exposure for derivative instruments (forward) is their nominal value, converted into Polish zlotys at the rate applicable to each transaction,
without taking into account the discount. In turn, the carrying value of these derivative instruments is fair value measurement.

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

106
“PGE~

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Total carrying

Currency position as at 31 December 2012 (restated)

value EUR USD CHF SEK
PLN in currency PLN n PLN in PLN n PLN
currency currency currency

Financial assets
Deposits 10.217 - - - - - - - -
Bonds, bills and notes receivable acquired 321.341 78.602 321.341 - - - - - -
Trade receivables 1.894.733 4.689 19.261 209 646 - - - -
Cash and cash equivalents 4.795.493 27.490 112.113 62 192 45 153 9 4
Originated loans 3.017 - - - - - - - -
Other financial receivables 148.651 - - - - - - - -
Shares in entities not quoted on active 33.792 7 7 7 . 7 7 7 7
Shares quoted on active markets 104 - - - - - - - -
Other financial assets 3.737 - - - - - - - -
Lease receivables 221 - - - - - - - -
Compensations related to LTC 614.148 - - - - - - - -
Derivatives forward* 18.833 130.414 554.139 - - - - - -
Financial liab Ss
Derivatives forward* (148) (3.176) (13.492) - - - - - -
Derivatives swap (36.365) - - (11.732) (36.365) - - - -
Interest bearing loans and credits (1.892.221) (150.000) (605.702) (78.123) (242.152) (44.121) (149.429) - -
Bonds and debt securities issued - - - - - - - - -
Trade and other financial liabilities at
amortized cost (2.376.660) (9.984) (44.199) (337) (1.032) - - - -
Liabilities related to LTC (393.568) - - - - - - - -
Liabilities from finance lease and lease
agreements with option of purchase (4.470) 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7

Net currency position 78.035 343.461 (89921) (278 711) (44076) (149 276) 9 4

* The value of currency risk exposure for derivative instruments (forward) is their nominal value, converted into Polish zlotys at the rate applicable to each transaction,
without taking into account the discount. In turn, the carrying value of these derivative instruments is fair value measurement.

107

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

43.4. Price risk

Due to the type of business activities, the PGE Capital Group entities are susceptible to change of
cash flows and financial results in domestic currency due to price changes of the following risk factors:

e electric energy;

e hard coal;
° gas;
e biomass;

e CO, emission rights;
e energy origin rights.

The PGE Capital Group owns lignite mines, that deliver production fuel to two power plants. Due to
this fact, the Group’s exposure to price fluctuations of these resources is not significant.

The Group’s exposure to price risk of merchandise reflects the volume of external purchase
of particular resources presented in the table below:

Year 2013 Year 2012
Tonnage — external Tonnage — external
purchase (in Cost of purchase purchase (in Cost of purchase
Type of fuel thousand tons) (PLN million) thousand tons) (PLN million)

Coal 6.109 1.557 6.555 1.917
Gas [m3

thousand] 377.177 271 635.477 600
Biomass 1.061 304 1.374 517
Fuel oil 44 96 56 133
Total 2.228 3.167

Moreover, as presented in Note 28 of these financial statements, during the period ended
31 December 2013, the Group purchased CO, emission rights for PLN 772 million and during the
period ended 31 December 2012, CO emission rights for PLN 577 million.

43.5. Credit risk

Credit risk is connected with a potential credit event that can occur, such as insolvency of a customer,
partial payment of a receivable, significant delay in receivable payment or other breaches of contract
conditions (in particular the lack of delivery and acceptance of the goods as agreed in the contract and
the possible non-payment for damages and contractual penalties).

The PGE Group entities are exposed to credit risk arising in the following areas:

e Basic activities of entities — the credit risk results from, among others, purchases and sales of
electricity and heat energy, purchases and sales of energy origin rights and CO2 emission rights,
purchases of fossil fuels, etc.

e Investment activities of entities — the credit risk results from transactions resulting from investment
projects which depend on the financial situation of the Group’s suppliers.

e Exposure to the risk of market price changes resulting from the possible non-realization of
commitments on the other party of the transaction for the delivery or receipt — the credit risk
relates to the possibility of there being a lack of fulfilling of liabilities of the other party to the
derivative transaction in relation to the PGE Group entity, if fair value of the derivative transaction
is positive from the point of view of the Group.

108

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

e Allocation of free cash of entities — the credit risk results from investing free cash of PGE Group
entities in securities bearing credit risk i.e. financial instruments other than those issued by State
Treasury.

The classes of financial instruments exposed to credit risk but having different characteristics of credit
risk:

e Deposits;

e Bonds, bills, notes receivable acquired;
e Trade receivables;

e Loans granted;

e Other financial receivables;

e Cash and cash equivalents;

e =©Derivatives;

e Guarantees and securities granted.

There are significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group related to:

e Trade receivables from key customers. As described in Note 42.4.1 to these financial statements
as at 31 December 2013 the three most significant customers accounted for ca. 8% of the trade
receivables balance. In addition, receivables from sale of electricity to households account for ca.
12% of the trade receivables balance and receivables from corporate customers represent
approximately 56% of the balance of trade receivables.

e Compensation from Long-Term Contracts.

e Bonds issued by the company Autostrada Wielkopolska S.A.

Maximum credit risk exposure resulting from PGE Capital Group’s financial assets is equal to the
carrying value of these items. The total maximum credit risk exposure resulting from the PGE Capital
Group’s assets amounted to PLN 9.577.178 thousand as at 31 December 2013.

43.6. Trade receivables

The terms of payments for trade receivables are usually 2-3 weeks, however in 2013 the PGE Capital
Group received payments for receivables after 28 days (debtors turnover ratio in the main companies
in PGE Capital Group ranged between 7 and 42 days, taken retail sale and distribution segment).
Trade receivables relate mainly to receivables for energy sold and additional services rendered.
According to the management, due to current control over trade receivables, there is no additional
significant credit risk that would exceed the level reflected by allowances for receivables.

A significant part of the Group entities introduced Policy of Credit Risk Management of PGE Capital
Group, which is applied in the process of management of the credit risk mainly by using the following
mechanisms and techniques: evaluation of financial standing of the customers and setting up credit
limits; requiring credit collaterals from customers with lower financial standing; standardization of
contents of agreements relating to credit risk and standardization of credit collaterals; system of
current monitoring of payments and system of early vindication; cooperation with business intelligence
agencies and debt collection companies.

109

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Credit risk relating to trade receivables by geographical region is presented in the table below:

31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Geographical region/ Receivables Share Receivables Share
country balance % balance %
Poland 2.150.445 98,1% 1.841.530 97,2%
United Kingdom 3.948 0,1% 6.039 0,3%
Germany 8.721 0,4% 28.695 1,5%
France 14.340 0,7% - -
Czech Republic 4.086 0,2% 4.480 0,2%
Other 10.548 0,5% 13.989 0,8%
Total 2.192.088 100,0% 1.894.733 100,0%

43.7. | Deposits, cash and cash equivalents

The Group manages credit risk related to cash by diversification of banks in which surpluses of cash
are allocated. All entities, that the Group concludes deposit transactions with, operate in the financial
sector. These can only be banks registered in Poland or divisions of foreign banks with high ratings,
adequate solvency ratio, equity and strong, stable market position in Poland. The most significant
cash balances of the PGE Capital Group allocated in three banks accounted for approx. 80% as at
31 December 2013.

43.8. Other Loans and financial receivables

Other financial receivables and loans comprise of the receivables from to LTC compensations (for
more details please refer to note 45.1 to these consolidated financial statements) and acquired bonds
of Autostrada Wielkopolska S.A., loans granted as well as other financial receivables. The position is
described in details in Note 42.4.1.

43.9. Derivatives

All entities, the Group concludes derivative transactions with operate in the financial sector. These are
Polish banks with high ratings, of adequate equity and strong, stable market position. As at the
balance sheet date, the Group was party to the derivative transactions, described in detail in note
42.4.3 to these consolidated financial statements

43.10. Guarantees granted

Guarantees granted by the Group entities are presented in note 38 of the consolidated financial
statements.

110

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

43.11. Ageing of receivables and write offs on receivables

As at 31 December 2013, trade receivables and shares in entities not quoted on active markets were
subject to impairment allowances. The change in impairment allowances for these classes of financial
instruments are presented in the table below:

Shares in entities not

Trade receivables Loans granted quoted on active
markets
Year ended 31 December 2013
Impairment allowances as at (248.802) . (178.809)
1 January
Impairment allowances used 15.572 -
Impairment allowances reversed 65.514 -
Impairment allowances created (101.813) -
Change in presentation (481) - (8.764)
Impairment allowances as at
341 December (270.010) - (187.573)
Value before the impairment 2.462.098 309 217.269
allowances
Net value (carrying amount) 2.192.088 309 29.696
Year ended 31 December 2012
Impairment allowances as at (221.833) . (114.969)
1 January
Impairment allowances used 16.617 - 227
Impairment allowances reversed 58.406 - -
Impairment allowances created (91.740) - (64.542)
Change in presentation (10.252) - 475
Impairment allowances as at
31 December (248.802) - (178.809)
Value before the impairment 2.143.535 3.017 212.601
allowances
Net value (carrying amount) 1.894.733 3.017 33.792

The majority of impairment allowances created by the PGE Capital Group during the reporting period
relate to trade receivables of companies from retail sale and distribution segment. Impairment
allowances in companies of retail sale and distribution segment as at 31 December 2013 amounted to
PLN 206.922 thousand (PLN 201.082 thousand in 2012). Factors that were taken into consideration
by the Group in the calculation of the impairment of the above positions are described in note 12 to
these consolidated financial statements.

111

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

There are no other significant receivables positions within the Group, except for trade receivables, that
would be significantly past due but not covered by an impairment allowances. The ageing structure of
trade receivables and other loans and receivables taking into account impairment allowances, are
presented below:

Past due
Trade receivables and other Before due < 30 30 - 90 90 - 180 180 — 360
loans and receivables date days days days days >360 days
31 December 2013
Before the Impairment 3.125.574 259.566 65.287 39.896 40.012 268.703
allowances
Impairment allowances (72.674) (13.146) (7.759) (15.275) (34.300) (268.544)
After impairment allowances 3.052.900 246.420 57.528 24.621 5.712 159
Past due
Trade receivables and other Before due < 30 30 - 90 90 - 180 180 — 360
loans and receivables date days days days days >360 days
31 December 2012
Before the impairment 2.591.674 337.196 91.055 30.246 43.840 273.220
allowances
Impairment allowances (60.883) (2.951) (5.422) (9.916) (33.599) (272.570)
After impairment allowances 2.530.791 334.245 85.633 20.330 10.241 650

As at 31 December 2013 more than 84% of the overdue trade receivables, other loans and
receivables that were not covered with an impairment allowances relate to companies from retail sale
segment.

43.12. Liquidity risk

The Group is monitoring the risk of lack of funds with the use of a periodical liquidity planning tool.
This tool takes into account the maturity of both investments and financial assets (i.e. receivables’ and
other financial assets’ accounts) and estimated future cash flows from operating activities.

PGE Group entities are exposed to liquidity risk in the following areas:

e Core operations of entities — liquidity risks results from mismatch of structure of dates of operating
activities cash flows and execution of assets and liabilities.

e Market risk exposure within the Group — liquidity risk results from possible necessity of settlement
of hedging derivative transactions, the market value of which is negative from the point of view of
the Group (for example in case of the need for early settlement of transactions due to counterparty
default) or the necessity of granting a guarantee to the second party of the collateral deposit
transaction (cash collateral deposited i.e. due to participation in commodity exchanges) in the case
of negative valuation of derivatives to the moment of full settlement of transaction.

e Allocation of free cash of entities — the liquidity risk results from necessity of realization of financial
assets owned, the market of which is characterized by low volume of turnover and/or relatively
high spread between purchase price and sale price.

112

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
“PCE

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

The below table presents the maturity of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the balance sheet dates
on the basis of the maturity date based on contractual non-discounted payments.

Between Between
Less than 3 3 and 12 1 and 5 More than 5
31 December 2013 months months years years Total
Interest bearing loans and 38.197 516.205 592.498 455.407 1.602.307
credits
Debt securities/ bonds issued - 34.200 1.119.747 - 1.153.947
Trade liabilities, LTC liabilities
and other financial liabilities at 1.845.857 1.032.982 10.231 511 2.889.581
amortized cost
Liabilities from finance lease and
lease agreements with an option 1.475 430 1.847 - 3.752
of purchase
Derivatives 775 9.154 18.057 1.071 29.057
Total 1.886.304 1.592.971 1.742.380 456.989 5.678.644
Between Between
Less than 3 3 and 12 1and5 More than 5
31 December 2012 months months years years Total
Interest bearing loans and 188.557 661.740 565.372 582.310 1.997.979
Trade liabilities, LTC liabilities
and other financial liabilities at 2.337.653 410.416 22.024 135 2.770.228
amortized cost
Liabilities from finance lease and
lease agreements with an option 1.589 624 2.257 - 4.470
of purchase
Derivatives 893 10.892 25.031 2.878 39.694
Total 2.528.692 1.083.672 614.684 585.323 4.812.371
113

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated

financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

43.13. Market (finance) risk — sensitivity analysis

The Group identifies the following types of market risk as the most significant:
e interest rate risk,

e currency risk.

The PGE Group is exposed mainly to currency risk related to foreign exchange rates of EUR/PLN,
USD/PLN and CHF/PLN. Furthermore, the Group is exposed to interest rate risk related to referential
interest rates of PLN, EUR, USD and CHF. The Group uses a script analysis method for the purpose
of analyzing sensitivity to changes of market risk factors. The Group uses experts’ scripts reflecting
the subjective opinion on the Group in relation to future fluctuations of individual market risk factors.

The scenario analysis presented in this point is intended to analyse the influence of changes in market
risk factors on the financial results of the Group. Only positions that can be defined as financial
instruments are subject to the analysis of interest and currency risk.

Potential foreign exchange rates’ changes were calculated as +7,75% for EUR/PLN, +13,08% for
USD/PLN, +8,95% for CHF/PLN and +7,98% for DKK/PLN.

In sensitivity analysis related to interest rate risk, the Group applies parallel shift of interest rate curve
related to a potential possible change of referential interest rates during the following year. For the
purpose of sensitivity analysis on the interest rate risk for currencies, for which the Group is exposed
to as at the balance sheet date, potential interest rates’ changes was estimated as +62,51 bp for
WIBOR, +40,30 bp for EURIBOR, +25,87 bp for LIBOR USD and +39,27 bp for LIBOR CHF.

In case of sensitivity analysis of interest rates’ fluctuations, the effect of risk factors’ changes would be
recognized in the statement of comprehensive income in the position of interest income or expenses
for the financial instruments at amortized cost and on the position of revaluation of financial
instruments at fair value.

Presented below is the sensitivity analysis related to all types of market risks the Group is exposed to
as at the balance sheet date, indicating the potential influence of changes of individual risk factors by
class of assets and liabilities on the gross profit.

114

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
PGE ~ PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

43.14. Sensitivity analysis for currency risk

The Group identifies an exposure to fluctuations of foreign exchange rates of the following pairs of currencies: EUR/PLN, USD/PLN, CHF/PLN and
DKK/PLN.

The below table presents the sensitivity of a gross financial result to reasonably possible changes to foreign currencies exchange rates, under the
assumption of stability of other risk factors for these classes of financial instruments exposed to currency risk.

31 December 2013 Sensitivity analysis for currency risk as at 31 December 2013

Total amount Amount EUR/PLN USD/PLN CHF/PLN DKK/PLN
in statement
. . exposed to
of financial . . . . . . . . .
position risk gross financial result gross financial result gross financial result gross financial result

Financial instruments by class
Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange

PLN PLN rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate
thousand thousand EUR/PLN EUR/PLN USD/PLN USD/PLN CHF/PLN CHF/PLN DKK/PLN DKK/PLN
+ 7,75% -7,75% +13,08%  -13,08% + 8,95% -8,95% + 7,98% -7,98%

Trade receivables 2.192.088 16.651 1.178 (1.178) 189 (189) - - - -
Bonds, bills, notes receivable acquired 357.518 357.518 27.708 (27.708) - - - - - -
Cash and cash equivalents 5.951.964 47.900 3.699 (3.699) 22 (22) - - - -
Other financial receivables 162.830 48 4 (4) - - - - - -
Derivatives — forward 104.248 920.855 71.366 (71.366) - - - - - -
Derivatives — forward (1.046) (80.510) (6.240) 6.240 - - - - - -
Derivatives — swap (22.679) (22.679) - - (2.966) 2.966 - - - -
Interest bearing loans and credits (1.517.565) (909.642) (47.705) 47.705 (24.852) 24.852 (9.317) 9.317 - -
Trade liabilities, LTC liabilities and
other financial liabilities at amortized (2.889.581) (39.705) (2.960) 2.960 (186) 186 - - (8) 8
cost
Gross profit change 47.050 (47.050) (27.793) 27.793 (9.317) 9.317 (8) 8

The value of currency risk exposure for derivative instruments (forwards) is their nominal value, converted into Polish zlotys at the rate applicable to
each transaction, without taking into account the discount. In turn, the carrying value of these derivative instruments is fair value measurement.

115
Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
PGE ~ PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)
31 December 2012 Sensitivity analysis for currency risk as at 31 December 2012

(restated)
Total amount in EUR/PLN USD/PLN CHF/PLN
Amount
statement of exposed to risk
financial position P gross financial result gross financial result gross financial result

Financial instruments by class
Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange Exchange

rate rate rate rate rate rate
PLNthousand = PLNthousand = EyR/PLN  EUR/PLN USD/PLN USD/PLN  CHF/PLN _CHF/PLN
+8,65% -8,65% + 14,51% -14,51% + 10,34% -10,34%
Trade receivables 1.894.733 19.907 1.666 (1.666) 94 (94) - -
Bonds, bills, notes receivable acquired 321.341 321.341 27.796 (27.796) - - - -
Cash and cash equivalents 4.795.493 112.462 9.698 (9.698) 28 (28) 16 (16)
Derivatives — forward 18.833 554.139 47.933 (47.933) - - - -
Derivatives — forward (148) (13.492) (621) 621 - - - -
Derivatives — swap (36.365) (36.365) - - (5.275) 5.275 - -
Interest bearing loans and credits (1.892.221) (997.283) (52.393) 52.393 (35.124) 35.124 (15.449) 15.449
Trade liabilities, LTC liabilities and other financial
liabilities at amortized cost (2.770.228) (45.231) (3.823) 3.823 (150) 150 - -
Gross profit change (30.256) 30.256 (40.427) 40.427 (15.433) 15.433
116

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
PGE ~ PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

43.15. Sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk

The Group identifies exposure to interest rate risk related to WIBOR, EURIBOR and LIBOR rates. The table below presents the sensitivity of the gross
financial result based on reasonable, possible future fluctuations of interest rates, under assumption of stability of other risk factors for these classes of
financial instruments that are exposed to interest rate risk:

31 December 2013 Sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk as at 31 December 2013
Total Amount
amount in exposed to WIBOR EURIBOR LIBOR USD LIBOR CHF
statement risk
Financial assets of financial
and liabilities position gross financial result gross financial result gross financial result gross financial result
LIBOR LIBOR LIBOR LIBOR
PLN WIBOR WIBOR EURIBOR EURIBOR USD USD CHF CHF

thousand PLN thousand + 62,51bp -62,51bp +40,30bp -40,30bp +25,87bp -25,87bp +39,27bp -39,27bp

Cash and cash

equivalents 5.951.964 5.951.964 33.088 (33.088) 322 (322) - - - -
Deposits 99.774 99.718 312 (312) - - - - . .
Bonds 357.518 357.518 - - 1.368 (1.368) - - - -
Derivatives (22.679) (22.679) - - - - (4.202) 1.202 - -
ee ead (1.517.565) (1.465.682) (4.674) 4.674 (2.461) 2.461 (559) 559 (498) 498
Bonds issued (1.000.374) (1.000.374) (3.247) 3.247 - - - - . .
Gross profit 25.479 (25.479) (771) 771 (1.761) 1.761 (498) 498

change

117
Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
“PGE~

Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance

PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.

with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

31 December 2012

Sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk as at 31 December 2012

Total Amount
amount in exposed to WIBOR EURIBOR LIBOR USD LIBOR CHF
statement risk
Financial assets of financial
and liabilities position gross financial result gross financial result gross financial result gross financial result
LIBOR LIBOR LIBOR LIBOR
PLN WIBOR WIBOR EURIBOR EURIBOR USD USD CHF CHF
thousand PLN thousand +94bp -94bp +60bp -60bp +34bp -34bp +34bp -34bp
Cash and cash 4.795.493 4.795.493 40.501 (40.501) 717 (717) 1 (1) - -
equivalents
Bonds 321.341 321.341 - - 1.896 (1.896) - - - -
Derivatives (36.513) (36.365) - - - - (2.453) 2.453 - -
Interest bearing
loans and credits (1.892.221) (1.884.835) (8.169) 8.169 (3.761) 3.761 (951) 951 (605) 605
Gross profit 32.332 (32.332) (1.148) 1.148 (3.403) 3.403 (605) 605

change

Change of interest rates will have a direct influence on the valuation of derivatives relating to swap of variable to fixed interest rates. In case of other
assets and liabilities presented in the above tables, changes of interest rates would have impact on future valuation of these instruments.

The above mentioned positions are recorded in profit or loss and consequently in the position of retained earnings. Change of interest rates does not
influence the value of other positions of equity in the statement of financial position.

118

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

44. Employment structure
Employment in the Group (in full time equivalents) was as follows:
As at As at

31 December 2013 31 December 2012
Total employees, including: 41.195 41.276
Conventional Energy 18.871 19.638
Renewable Energy 584 546
Wholesale 423 390
Distribution 10.938 11.306
Retail sale 1.505 1.491
Other consolidated entities 8.874 7.905
45. Significant events during the reporting period and subsequent events

45.1. | Compensation for long term contacts

As described in previous financial statements, some producers from the group of PGE Gornictwo
i Energetyka Konwencjonalina S.A. ("PGE GiEK S.A.") became entitled to receive funds to cover
stranded costs (the so-called "compensations") in accordance with the Act of 29 June 2007 on the
rules of coverage of costs incurred due to of early termination of long-term power and energy sales
(DZ. U. No. 130, item 905 of 2007) ("LTC Act"). Provisions of the LTC Act are in many respects
ambiguous and raise important questions of interpretation. When calculating the forecasted results of
individual producers and the resulting compensation, annual stranded cost adjustments, final
adjustments and the resulting amount of revenue recognized in the statement of comprehensive
income, the Group has applied its best knowledge in this respect, being also supported by external
experts.

In previous years, the manufacturers of the PGE Capital Group received decisions regarding the
annual adjustment of stranded costs and the costs incurred in the gas-fired units for the years 2008-
2012. In the majority, these decisions were unfavourable to the individual entities and the Group's
management believes they were issued in violation of the LTC Act. As a result, starting from 2009,
there take place a series of proceedings before the District Court in Warsaw - the Court of Competition
and Consumer Protection (Sad Ochrony Konkurencji i Konsumentow - "SOKiK") and the Court of
Appeal on appeals filed by producers of PGE Capital Group against the Decisions of the President of
the URE (Energy Regulatory Office) . These proceedings are at various stages.

Below there is a summary of the issue of the LTC:
Annual adjustments of stranded costs for 2008

In 2013 three litigations with the total amount of the dispute of PLN 247,8 million have been finally
completed, of which in the amount of PLN 245,9 million have been completed in favour of the
company,. In one of the mentioned proceedings, which value amounts to PLN 178,8 million, the
president of the URE filed a cassation complaint. Moreover in two other proceeding of value of PLN
22,3 million the Supreme Court considered cassation complaints in favour of the Company.

Annual adjustments of stranded costs and expenses incurred in the gas-fired units for 2009

So far there have been 3 final judgments favourable for PGE GiEK S.A. in the amount of PLN 308.7
million (including the two in which the president of the URE filed a cassation complaint). The total
value of the dispute amounts to PLN 672.9 million.

119

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

Annual adjustments of stranded costs and expenses incurred in the gas-fired units for 2010

In year 2013, SOKiK issued a favourable verdict for the company (the verdict does not include
Elektrownia Opole [Power Plant Opole], for which a separate proceeding is held). The President of
URE filed an appeal in the above mentioned case. The value of the dispute amounts to PLN 393,5
million.

On 29 November 2013, SOKiK gave a judgment on the annual adjustment of gas costs for 2010 for
PGE GiEK S.A., which partially upheld the appeal of the company. The judgment is not final. On
30 December 2013, the President of the URE appealed to the extent unfavourable for URE part of the
judgment. On 13 January 2014, the Company filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal concerning
unfavourable to the company part of the judgment. The value of the dispute on the annual adjustment
of gas for 2010 is PLN 4.4 million.

Annual adjustments of stranded costs and expenses incurred in the gas-fired units for 2012

PGE GiEK S.A. filed an appeal regarding the decision of the President of the URE on the gas cost
adjustments consumption of natural gas collected and not-collected natural gas in Elektrocieptownia
Rzeszow (Combined Heat and Power Plant). The total value of the dispute amounts to PLN 7.4
million.

Impact on the statement for the year 2013

The judgments of the Court of Appeal on the Oddziat Elektrociepfownia Gorzéw, Oddziat Elektrownia
Opole, Oddziat Elektrocieptownia Lublin Wrotkéw, Oddziat Zespdt Elektrowni Dolna Odra and the final
judgment SOKiK on Oddziat Elektrownia Turéw (power plants and combined heat and power plants)
resulted in the financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2013 LTC compensation
adjustment of PLN 336,9 million. The value of adjustment was recognized in the statement of
comprehensive income in the position of other operating income.

Other Issues

The total value of all disputes relating to the years 2008 - 2012 amounts to PLN 1.660,3 million,
including favourable judgments of Court of Appeal and the favourable final judgment of SOKiK of PLN
741,5 million.

On 29 August 2013, the Management Board of PGE GiEK S.A. submitted to the President of the URE
application for an advance for units: Oddziat Elektrownia Turéw and Oddziat Elektrownia Opole in the
amount of PLN 299.4 million.

On 9 December 2013, SOKiK held a hearing on the appeal PGE GiEK S.A. against URE decision
dated 16 March 2012, in which the President of the URE refused to issue a decision on the final
adjustment of stranded costs for Elektrocieptownia Gorzéw before 16 December 2016. The court
issued an unfavourable judgment to PGE GiEK S.A. and dismissed the appeal of the company. The
judgment is not final. On 10 January 2014, the company appealed to the Court of Appeal.

45.2. | Framework agreement on the exploration and extraction of shale gas

On 31 December 2013, the Framework Agreement regarding the exploration and extraction of the
shale gas signed on 4 July 2012 has expired. Parties related to the agreement were PGE Polska
Grupa Energetyczna S.A., Polskie Gornictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo S.A., ENEA S.A., KGHM Polska
Miedz S.A., and TAURON Polska Energia S.A.

The subject of the agreement was the exploration, evaluation and extraction of shale gas in geological
formations for which concessions have been granted for the exploration and evaluation of deposits of
crude oil and natural gas in relation to the Wejherowo concession held by PGNiG.

120

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

45.3. Signing a Letter of Intent concerning joint participation in development,
construction and service of the first Polish nuclear power plant.

On 5 September 2012, PGE S.A. signed a Letter of Intent concerning participation in the development,
construction and exploitation of a nuclear power plant (the ,,Project”). The parties to the Letter of Intent
are: PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A., KGHM Polska Miedz S.A., Tauron Polska Energia S.A.
and ENEA S.A. (further together as ,,Parties”).

On 23 September 2013, as a result of the work related to the development of the draft agreement for
the acquisition of shares in the special purpose entity to build and operate a nuclear power plant, the
Parties initialled the shareholders agreement. In accordance, the Parties stated that the initialled
document was a draft of the future shareholders agreement, which would be signed after obtaining
necessary corporate approvals of all Parties.

Shareholders agreement commits the parties to conclude an agreement for the acquisition of shares
in PGE EJ1 Sp. z 0.0., the special purpose entity for the purpose of constructing and operating the
nuclear power plant. In accordance with the Shareholders Agreement, PGE S.A. will sell, based on the
remaining parties of the shareholders agreement, a package of 438.000 shares representing a total of
30% of the share capital of PGE EJ1 Sp. z 0.0. As a result, PGE S.A. will own 70% of the share
capital of PGE EJ1 Sp. z 0.0. The shares will be acquired in the following manner: - KGHM Polska
Miedz S.A. will acquire 146.000 shares which represent 10% of the share capital of PGE EJ1 Sp. z
0.0., - Tauron Polska Energia S.A. will acquire 146.000 shares which represent 10% of the share
capital of PGE EJ1 Sp. z 0.0., ENEA S.A. will acquire 146.000 shares which represent 10% of the
share capital of PGE EJ1 Sp. z 0.0.

PGE S.A. and each of its business partners will be required to enter the share purchase agreement
upon fulfillment of the condition precedent of: obtaining a favourable response from the President of
the OCCP regarding the intention of the concentration, as required by law. The second of the
previously agreed conditions by the business partners — the adoption by the Council of Ministers, by
resolution, the Polish Nuclear Power Program — was met on 28 January 2014.

45.4. Power generating unit construction project at PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka
Konwencjonalna S.A. Oddziat Elektrownia Opole.

On 4 April 2013, the Management Board of PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. acting
on the basis of an analysis of changes in the energy market and the macroeconomic environment as
well as the recommendation of the Investment Committee of the PGE Capital Group adopted a
resolution to close the investment project "Project Opole II" on the construction of new coal-fired
blocks 5 and 6 in Oddziat Elektrownia Opole (Power Plant Opole).

In connection with the investment PGE Elektrownia Opole S.A. (now after the merger PGE
GiEK S.A. Oddziat Elektrownia Opole) has concluded a number of agreements with contractors,
including in particular:

e accontract with the General Contractor (Consortium Rafako S.A., Polimex-Mostostal S.A. and
Mostostal Warszawa S.A.) for the construction of two power units with a total capacity of 1.800
MW, with the net value of PLN 9.397 million,

e an agreement with PSE Operator S.A. for connection to the grid units 5 and 6 in Opole Power
Plant.

As a result of the government information about the possible support of the Project, on 18 June 2013,
the Management Board of PGE GiEK S.A. adopted a resolution on the approval to undertake
examination on additional solutions that improve the profitability of the Project and enable its possible
realization.

Based on the examination performed on the formula to project realization and seeking more
favourable business conditions for the project, Management Board of PGE GiEK S.A. adopted a
resolution on the resumption of the investment project "Project Opole || (Construction of new coal
blocks 5 and 6)".

121

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
/5,-2~

PGE PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna S.A.
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 prepared in accordance
with IFRS (all amounts in thousand PLN)

(‘Translation of the document originally issued in Polish”)

In the second half of 2013 and in January 2014, the company entered into several agreements,
annexes to contracts relating to the organization and co-operation with the Project Opole II. Among
other, on 11 October 2013, the company signed an amendment to the contract with the General
Contractor (consortium Rafako S.A., Polimex-Mostostal S.A. and Mostostal Warszawa S.A.), which
allowed to introduce Alstom Power Sp. z 0.0. as a subcontractor of the boiler and IOS installation, and
as the General Designer, and regulates the way of securing by the General Contractor the advance
paid and the issue of the proper execution of the contract.

The observed parallel evolution of the regulatory environment of the energy market in Poland and
Europe, in particular started works on the introduction of power market mechanisms, rationalization of
support for renewable energy sources and changes in the trading of CO2 emission rights allowed for
positive verification of the business substance of the project. On 31 January 2014 the General
Contractor has received Start of Work Order.

45.5. Conclusion of the agreement for the supply of coal for Project Opole Il

On 13 August 2013, PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. concluded the agreement with
Kompania Weglowa S.A. concerning supply of coal in the years 2018-2038. The contract covers the
supply of coal by Kompania Weglowa S.A. to meet the needs of blocks 5 and 6 of Elektrownia Opole,
in case of the realization of Project Opole II.

The agreement was concluded in order to reduce some of the risks associated with the Project Opole
ll. The estimated net value of the agreement amounts from about PLN 16 billion to PLN 22 billion,
depending on the volume of delivery. The price of coal for the subsequent years of the Agreement is
determined on the basis of indicators on average electricity prices, the average market prices of coal,
and the average cost of CO2 emission rights.

Starting the coal supply is dependent on the completion date of the Project Opole Il. PGE GiEK S.A.
has the ability to withdraw from the contract until 30 September 2020, and to claim for contractual
penalties in case of violation of the provisions of the Agreement.

45.6. Conclusion of the agreement for the construction of gas and steam block in
Elektrocieptownia Gorzow

On 3 October 2013, PGE Gornictwo i Energetyka Konwencjonalna S.A. concluded the agreement for
the construction of gas and steam block in Elektrocieptownia Gorzéw (Combined Heat and Power
Plant Gorzéw) and the long-term contract for the provision of maintenance services with the
consortium of Siemens Sp. z 0.0. and with Siemens Industrial Turbomachinery AB (the "Consortium
Siemens").

The gas and steam block with electric power of 138 MWe and heat power of 90 MWt and efficiency in
cogeneration amounting to 83.93%, would be handed over for the use, according to the agreement,
within 28 months from the award of the contract. The net value of the contract for the construction of
the unit amounts to PLN 562 million.

Therefore, PGE GiEK S.A. concluded on 3 October 2013 also a contract for the supply of natural gas
with Polskie Gornictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo S.A. The subject of the contract is the sale of natural
nitrogen-rich gas extracted from the deposits of PGNiG to Elektrocieptownia Gorzoéw for consumption
in the new gas and steam unit. The agreement was concluded for the period of 20 years from the date
of the beginning of gas supply, which is dependent on the date of delivery of the new block into use.
The annual volume of the gas supply will amount to m? 281 million per year. The estimated net value
of the agreement on the day of its signing amounts to about PLN 3 billion. The agreement provides the
opportunity to claim for contractual penalties in case of violation of the provisions of the agreement.

122

Applied accounting principles (policies) and explanatory notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements
