OUR VISION

CREATING A FUTURE
WORTH LIVING.
FOR DIALYSIS PATIENTS.
WORLDWIDE. EVERY DAY.

More than three decades of experience in dialysis, innovative
research, the global leader in dialysis services and products —
that is Fresenius Medical Care.

Patients with kidney disease can now look ahead with much
more confidence thanks to our innovative technologies
and treatment concepts. We give them a future, one that offers
them the best-possible quality of life. We use the increasing
demand for modern dialysis methods to our advantage and
work consistently to enhance the Company's growth. Together
with our employees, we focus on pursuing strategies that will
enable us to uphold our technological leadership. As a vertically
integrated company, we offer products and services for the
entire dialysis value chain.

The highest medical standards are our benchmark. This is our
commitment to our patients, our partners in the healthcare
system and our investors, who trust in the reliable performance
and the future of Fresenius Medical Care.

13-36

TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS

1.TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

1.1

Interview

with Rice Powell
13

1.2

Management
Board

18

1.3

Report of the

Supervisory Board
22

1.4

Capital market

and shares
28

13

CHAPTER 1.1

Interview with Rice Powell

12 MONTHS - 12 QUESTIONS

In this interview, Rice Powell looks back on his first twelve months as

ceo of Fresenius Medical Care. He talks about what the Company has

achieved in 2013, how the dialysis market has developed, and Fresenius
Medical Care's strategic and financial perspectives.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
14

1.1

INTERVIEW WITH RICE POWELL

1

2013 WAS THE FIRST YEAR UNDER YOUR
STEWARDSHIP. HAVE YOUR EXPECTATIONS
BEEN FULFILLED?

Yes, they have. | certainly could have wished for a
smoother start, but that’s not something | could in-
fluence. The situation in !"#$ was di%cult, both in
operational terms and as a result of the seemingly
endless discussions about legislation concerning the
adjustment process for reimbursement in the &.’.
Even so, things ultimately worked out well for
Fresenius Medical Care, at least with regard to oper-
ations. We had to specify our earnings target range
more precisely in the course of the year, and made it
clear that we were likely to be at the lower end of
this range. We managed that, and continued on our
growth path. Consolidated revenue rose by (), set-
ting a new record of *#+.(# billion. Our net income
for !"#$ amounted to *#.## billion. As we posted spe-
cial income in the previous year, that meant a ()
reduction in net income in !"#$. Adjusted for this
effect, earnings would have increased by ().

2

DOES THAT MEAN THAT SHAREHOLDERS
SHOULD EXPECT A LOWER DIVIDEND IF
REPORTED EARNINGS FELL BY 6%?

No. As we normally aim for profit-oriented dividend
growth, we should be proposing a dividend reduc-
tion to the Annual General Meeting. However, we
won't be doing that. Instead, we will deviate from
our actual dividend policy, and intend to propose to
the Annual General Meeting a dividend increase of
$) to €".-- per share despite the reported decrease
in earnings. Subject to a corresponding resolution,
our shareholders can look forward to a dividend in-
crease for the #-" consecutive time.

3

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE’S SHARE PRICE
PERFORMED RATHER MODERATELY
IN 2013. WHY DO YOU THINK THAT IS?

It's true that our share price failed to keep pace with
the strong performance of the -/0 last year. That is
partly down to the nature of things, as investors
don’t necessarily invest in defensive stocks like ours
when markets are on the rise. But on the other
hand,it is particularly due to the protracted discus-
sions | mentioned earlier about cutting the reim-
bursement rates for dialysis treatments in the &.”.,
which is such a crucial market for us. For a long time,
it was not clear to our investors how much reim-
bursement changes would affect our Company. The
final decisions hit us hard, and will significantly
impact our earnings growth again at least in !"#+.
Despite this, | am confident that we have achieved a
strategic position for the Company that will allow us
to successfully continue on our growth path and
increase Fresenius Medical Care’s corporate value in
the longer term. However, for this to be possible
under the current conditions, a great deal of effort
and a far-reaching focus on being as e%cient as we
can possibly be, is required. But one thing is certain:
This must not affect the quality of our products and
services.

“Our consolidated
revenue rose by 6%, setting
a new record
of $14.61 billion.”

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
INTERVIEW WITH RICE POWELL

“Although 2014 will not be an
easy year for Fresenius Medical Care,
| feel positive about the way we
are developing. Our business is built
on strong foundations: In 2013
alone, we performed more than
40 million dialysis treatments
at our 3,250 proprietary centers
worldwide.”

4

YOU MENTIONED REDUCTIONS
IN THE REIMBURSEMENT RATES FOR
DIALYSIS TREATMENTS. WHAT EXACTLY
DOES THIS MEAN?

The legal environment in which healthcare and reim-
bursement systems are embedded is particularly im-
portant to our Company. In many markets, these
conditions remained largely unchanged in !"#$.
However, we are also increasingly operating in an
environment in which inflation and rising costs are
not adequately taken into account in reimbursement
rates. For instance, last year, our business in the
&.”. was negatively impacted by the automatic !)
budget cuts to reduce the government debt, as
these cuts also affected the reimbursement rates re-
garding dialysis treatment for state-insured patients.
This is even more of a financial blow, as several pa-
rameters of this system were changed with effect
from January #, !"#+. Consequently, although the re-
imbursement rate will be at a similar level in !"#+ and
!"#1 compared with !"#$, it will no longer cover the
increase in treatment costs caused by inflation.

5

WHAT WILL FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE’S
FORECAST BE FOR THE 2014 FINANCIAL
YEAR AS A RESULT OF THIS?

| think | have made it clear that !"#+ holds particu-
lar challenges for us, which is why we envisage
only moderate growth. In the current financial year,
we expect to generate revenue of around *#1.! bil-
lion. That would correspond to a +) increase com-
pared with the reporting year. Net income is likely
to total *#."" billion to *#."1 billion in !"#+, 1 to #")
below the figure for !"#$. We have initiated a
global efficiency program to further boost our prof-
itability in the years ahead. Potential cost savings
from this are not taken into account in the outlook
for the !"#+ financial year. We plan to spend around
*#.$ billion on capital expenditures and acquisitions
in U"#+.

6

DOES THIS DEVELOPMENT GIVE ANY
CAUSE FOR CONCERN?

Although !"#+ will not be an easy year for Fresenius
Medical Care, | feel positive about the way we are
developing. Our business is built on strong founda-
tions: In !"#$ alone, we performed more than +" mil-
lion dialysis treatments at our $,!1" proprietary cen-
ters worldwide; more than half of all dialysis machines
and almost half of all dialyzers sold worldwide in the
reporting year were made by Fresenius Medical Care.
We will have to look carefully at where and how we
invest and how to become even more e%cient.
Moreover, we will need to work even harder in future
to develop innovative approaches for the holistic
care of dialysis patients. That is the only way to mas-
ter the challenges we face in the future.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
16

1.1

INTERVIEW WITH RICE POWELL

7

DOES THIS ALSO INVOLVE A
CHANGE OF DIRECTION IN
THE COMPANY'S STRATEGY?

Continuously improving the quality of life of people
with chronic kidney failure is and will always be a
key pillar of our strategy. The number of dialysis
patients worldwide is constantly growing. However,
at the same time, there is an increasing shortage
of public funds to provide care for them. It is not
enough to merely react to changes. We need to play
an even more active part in shaping change.
Fresenius Medical Care has the expertise to do this.
As a provider of high-quality dialysis products and
services, we can develop innovative solutions to de-
liver holistic care for patients in conjunction with our
partners in the healthcare industry. As well as doing
our part toward boosting treatment quality even
more, this enables us to contribute towards achiev-
ing a long-term reduction in treatment costs.

8

WHAT FORM MIGHT THESE INNOVATIVE
SOLUTIONS TAKE? DO YOU HAVE ANY
SPECIFIC IDEAS YET?

Different structures and systems require different
solutions. To be able to provide holistic care to pa-
tients with chronic kidney failure, it is very important
to consider all aspects of their care and to forge
close links between all those involved in providing
treatment. With this in mind, we have started a net-
work of dialysis-related services such as vascular
access and our own pharmacy to serve our patients
in the &.”., which we plan to expand in the future.
We also see potential for this holistic care approach
outside the &.”., along with the systematic expansion
of our portfolio with effective services for optimum
holistic care.

9

WHAT OTHER MEASURES ARE
IN THE PIPELINE FOR POSITIONING
FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE IN
LINE WITH MARKET DEVELOPMENTS?

One of Fresenius Medical Care’s key strengths is our
proximity to our patients and the widely varying
markets, as well as our in-depth knowledge of their
different requirements. However, to an increasing
extent, there are areas where we aim to converge
even more closely to create further synergies. Conse-
quently, in !"#$, we reorganized the Research and
Development department and created a new posi-
tion on the Management Board to account for this.
The aim is to bundle our global research and devel-
opment activities and promote technology exchange
between the regions in an even more targeted man-
ner. We also intend to examine and consistently im-
prove the e%ciency of our processes and structures
throughout the entire Group. Most importantly,
these steps must enable us to permanently
strengthen Fresenius Medical Care’s position and
thus have an impact beyond !"#+. And, as | said ear-
lier, they must not affect the high quality of our
products and services. | am confident that on this
basis, Fresenius Medical Care will remain a reliable
partner.

“Continuously improving
the quality of life of people with
chronic kidney failure is
and will always be a key pillar
of our strategy.”

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
INTERVIEW WITH RICE POWELL

“Every change means
uncertainty at first. However,
to achieve success, it is
important to regard these changes
as an opportunity.”

10

WHAT DO YOU MISS IN
YOUR NEW POST?

Nothing. On the contrary, | have gained a huge
amount here, and in the last twelve months have
had the opportunity to get to know lots of great
people all over the world. | really enjoy that.

11

WHAT ARE YOUR PERSONAL
IMPRESSIONS OF 2013?
WHAT PARTICULARLY IMPRESSED YOU?

I've been working for Fresenius Medical Care for over
#- years now, and it’s a year since | took on my new
role as 345. Heading a company like Fresenius Medical
Care makes me proud, and | see it both as a motiva-
tion and an obligation. | am well aware of the impor-
tance of my role and the great responsibility that
| bear for our 6",(6" employees. Their passion and
the commitment with which they overcame the chal-
lenges last year impressed me a lot. Therefore, on
behalf of the entire Management Board, | would like
to take this opportunity to say a big thank-you to all
our employees for their hard work.

12

AND FINALLY, ONE LAST QUESTION:
WHY IS THE 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
ENTITLED “PERSPECTIVES”?

Fresenius Medical Care offers a lot of perspectives,
especially for dialysis patients, who are our top pri-
ority and for whom we are creating a future worth
living for every single day. That is what we aspire to.
But we have also chosen the title “Perspectives” to
emphasize that in a challenging and changing mar-
ket environment, we see a lot of perspectives for
Fresenius Medical Care to continue on its growth
path and generate value for the Company in the
long term. Every change means uncertainty at first.
However, to achieve success, it is important to re-
gard these changes as an opportunity. We need to
set the right priorities. | am aware that our share-
holders rightly have high expectations of us. We are
working hard to meet them, and also to position our
Company in the future so that we can capture the
opportunities available to us.

“Heading a company like
Fresenius Medical Care makes me
proud, and | see it both as a
motivation and an obligation. | am
well aware of the importance
of my role and the great responsibil-
ity that | bear for
our 90,690 employees.”

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
20

CHAPTER 1.2

Management Board

Our Management Board currently consists of eight members.
The international composition and the varied responsibilities reflect our
global operations.

RICE POWELL
Chairman

Rice Powell 7189 is Chief Executive O%cer and Chair-
man of the Management Board effective January #,
!"#$. Prior to that, he was Vice Chairman of the Man-
agement Board and Member of the Management
Board responsible for the region North America from
I"#" to l"#!. He joined Fresenius Medical Care in #66-
and was appointed to the Company's Management
Board and Co-345 of Fresenius Medical Care North
America in January !""+. He has over $" years of ex-
perience in the healthcare industry. From #6-8 to #66(,
he held various positions, among others at Baxter
International Inc. and Biogen Inc. in the &.’.

MICHAEL BROSNAN
Finance

Michael Brosnan 7189 was appointed Chief Financial
O%cer on January #, !"#". Previously, he served as Chief
Financial O%cer of Fresenius Medical Care North
America for seven years. He joined the Company in
#668 as Vice President of Finance and Administration
for Spectra Renal Management, the Company's labo-
ratory services organization. Subsequently, he as-
sumed several executive functions at Fresenius
Medical Care North America. Prior to joining the
Company, he held senior financial positions at Polaroid
Corporation and was an audit partner at :3<=.

ROBERTO FUSTE
Asia-Paci c
Roberto Fusté 7(#9 is Chief Executive O%cer for Asia-
Pacific. After completing his studies in Economic
Sciences at the University of Valencia, Spain, he
founded the company Nephrocontrol ’./. in #68$.
After Nephrocontrol was acquired by the Fresenius
Group in #66#, he held several senior positions within
the Company in the Latin America and Asia-Pacific
regions, among others. He was appointed to the
Management Board of Fresenius Medical Care in #666.

DR. EMANUELE GATTI

Europe, Middle-East, Africa and Latin America,
and Global Chief Strategist

Dr. Emanuele Gatti 7189 is Chief Executive O%cer for
Europe, Middle East, Africa and Latin America
14<4/>/9. He is also Global Chief Strategist. After
completing his studies in Bioengineering, he lectured
at several biomedical institutions in Milan. He contin-
ues to be involved in research and development activ-
ities, including the Danube University in Krems,
Austria, at which he holds a position as honorary sen-
ator. Emanuele Gatti has been with Fresenius Medical
Care since #686. Before being appointed to the
Company's Management Board in #66-, he was respon-
sible for its dialysis business in Southern Europe.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
21

1.2

MANAGEMENT BOARD

RONALD KUERBITZ
North America

Ronald Kuerbitz 71+9 is Chief Executive O%cer for
North America effective January #, !"#$. He joined
Fresenius Medical Care in #66- and served recently as
Executive Vice President for Market Development and
Administration for Fresenius Medical Care North
America. He has more than !" years of experience
in the health care field, having held positions in
law, compliance, business development, government
affairs and operations. He is a graduate of Albion
College and received his juris doctor degree from the
Yale Law School.

DR. RAINER RUNTE

Global Law, Compliance, Intellectual Property, Corporate Business
Development, and Labor Relations Director Germany

Dr. Rainer Runte 71+9 is Member of the Management
Board responsible for Global Law, Compliance, Intel-
lectual Property and Corporate Business Develop-
ment. He has also been appointed Labor Relations
Director for Germany. He has worked for the Fresenius
Group for more than !" years. In #66-, he assumed the
position of Senior Vice President for Law at
Fresenius Medical Care and was appointed to the
Management Board in !""!. Before joining the
Company, he worked as a scientific assistant in the
law department of Goethe University in Frankfurt and
as an attorney in a firm specialized in economic law.

DR. OLAF SCHERMEIER
Research and Development

Dr. Olaf Schermeier 7+#9 was appointed Chief Execu-
tive O%cer for Global Research and Development on
March #, !"#$. Previously, he served as president of
global ?@- for Draeger Medical, Lubeck, Germany.
Dr. Schermeier has many years of experience in vari-
ous areas of the health care industry, among others at
Charité-clinic and Biotronik, Germany. He holds a
doctorate degree (PhD) in Computer Science from
the Technical University of Berlin, Germany and grad-
uated from the University of Hannover, Germany in
Electrical Engineering.

KENT WANZEK

Production
Kent Wanzek 71+3 was appointed Chief Executive
O%cer for Global Manufacturing Operations on Janu-
ary #, !"#". From !""+ onwards, he was in charge of
North American operations for the Renal Therapies
Group at Fresenius Medical Care North America. Prior
to joining the Company in !""$, he held several senior
executive positions at Philips Medical Systems, Perkin
Elmer, and Baxter Healthcare Corporation, among
others.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
CHAPTER 1.3

Report of the Supervisory Board

The Supervisory Board of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA dealt
in the financial year 2013 again intensively with questions of the effects of the
change to the cost reimbursement system in the u.s., with the expansion of
the present business, with possibilities to expand business activities to include
adjacent business areas and with questions of research and development. In
addition to other topics, the further improvement of efficiency of production
and service and cost-saving measures were discussed with the Management
Board of the General Partner. The Supervisory Board also considered the
conversion of the remaining preference shares into ordinary shares resolved
on by the shareholders in May 2013 and the conduct of the share buyback
program initiated in the financial year 2013.

Details
The Supervisory Board, in the expired financial year
!"#$, again dealt extensively with the situation and
the perspectives of the Company and with various
special issues and undertook the duties imposed on
it by the law, the Articles of Association, the rules of
procedure and the German Corporate Governance
Code. We regularly advised the Management Board
of the General Partner, Fresenius Medical Care Man-
agement /= (Management), on the management of

the Company and supervised the management
within our responsibility as the Supervisory Board
of the partnership limited by shares. The manage-
ment informed us in written and oral reports regu-
larly, promptly and comprehensively about all sig-
nificant questions of business policy and the
Company planning and strategy, the progress of
transactions, on acquisitions, the profitability and
liquidity, the situation of the Company and the
Group and the risk situation and risk management.
These and all business issues significant for the
Company were discussed by us on the basis of re-
ports of the Management Board of the General
Partner in the committees and in full session com-
prehensively. The strategic direction of the Company
was also discussed with the Management Board of
the General Partner. In accordance with the pro-
cedure in previous years, we again reviewed the
economic development of acquisitions of the previ-
ous years and compared them with the planning
and prognoses at the time of each acquisition. The
Supervisory Board passed resolutions within the
scope of its responsibilities under statute and under
the Articles of Association.

Meetings

In the financial year !"#$, five meetings — some of
which extended to more than one day — of the Su-
pervisory Board and several telephone conferences
took place. No Supervisory Board Member attended
less than half of the meetings. Between the meet-
ings, written reports were provided. The Chairman of
the Supervisory Board also maintained close contact
with the Management Board of the General Partner
between the meetings.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
23

1.3

REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Focus of the discussions in the Supervisory Board
In the expired financial year !"#$, the Supervisory
Board dealt again with the changed provisions of
the reimbursement system in the &.”. and with their
effects on the Company. The decisions now made
by the responsible &.”. authority indicate a frame-
work for state reimbursement in the &.’. for the
medium-term. The Supervisory Board consulted
with the Management Board of the General Partner
a number of times on this issue. The developments
in reimbursement systems outside the &.’. were
also discussed.

The business development, the competitive situation
and the planning of the Management Board in the
respective regions were again at the centre of the dis-
cussions. The Supervisory Board has been informed
about the planning of the Company to improve the
cost situation.

The Supervisory Board informed itself about the
quality assurance systems and the qualitative results
of the various production facilities and together with
the Management Board discussed the anticipated
quantitative development in the existing facilities
and their expansion. The Supervisory Board also dis-
cussed with the Management Board lawsuits filed
and anticipated to be filed by plaintiffs in the &.’. al-
leging generally that inadequate labeling and warn-
ings for two acid concentrate products (NaturaLyte®
and Granuflo®) caused harm to patients.

The financing of the Company was again intensively
discussed. The Supervisory Board also discussed the
execution of the share buyback program and agreed
thereto after comprehensive discussion with the
Management Board of the General Partner.

At the ordinary general meeting !"#$, it was decided
to convert all remaining preference shares of the
Company into ordinary shares. The Supervisory
Board was intensively involved in this process.

The Audit and Corporate Governance Committee
Prof. Dr. Fahrholz, Mr. Johnston, Dr. Krick und Dr.
Weisman were Members of the Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee. The Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee, under the chairmanship of
Dr. Walter L. Weisman (independent financial expert

according to section#"" ss. 1 German Stock Corpora-
tion Act) held a total of five meetings and a number
of telephone conferences in the year under report. It
dealt with the annual and consolidated financial
statements, the proposal for the application of profit
and the form !"-A report for the American Securities
and Exchange Commission 1°439. The Audit and Cor-
porate Governance Committee also discussed each
quarterly report with the management. It also satis-
fied itself as to the independence of the auditor of
the annual and consolidated financial statements, in-
structed him to undertake the audit, concluded the
fee agreement with him and discussed and deter-
mined with him the focuses of the audit. The Audit
and Corporate Governance Committee also discussed
the compliance of the Company, in particular com-
munications received by the Company alleging cer-
tain conduct in certain countries outside the &.’. and
Germany that may violate the &.’. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act 7A3;/9 or other anti-bribery laws. The
Audit and Corporate Governance Committee is con-
ducting an internal review with assistance of outside
counsel retained for such purpose, which also cov-
ered the internal control processes. It is anticipated
that the Audit and Corporate Governance Commit-
tee will continue to deal with the progress of this in-
vestigation in the current year since at the end of the
year under report no final results were available.

Representatives of the auditor attended all meet-
ings of the Audit and Corporate Governance Com-
mittee and several telephone conferences and
reported thereby on their auditing and the audit
review of the quarterly financial statements and, in
the absence of Members of the Management Board
of the General Partner, on the cooperation with
them. The representatives of the auditor also re-
ported on the significant results of their audit and
were also available for additional information.

The accounting process, the effectiveness of the in-
ternal control system, of the risk management sys-
tem and of the internal audit system, as well as the
audit were discussed several times in the Audit and
Corporate Governance Committee. :;<= /= Wirt-
schaftsprifungsgesellschaft reviewed, in the course
of the audit, the internal control and risk manage-
ment system in relation to the accounting process
and the establishment of the early risk recognition

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
24

1.3

REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

system and raised no objections thereto. The Man-
agement Board of the General Partner provided pe-
riodic reports on larger individual risks. The Manage-
ment Board of the General Partner also informed the
committee regularly i.e. at all ordinary meetings of
the Audit and Corporate Government Committee
and sometimes in telephone conferences on the
compliance situation of the Company. In addition,
the head of internal audit reported at regular inter-
vals to the committee.

In !"#$, the Audit and Corporate Governance Com-
mittee again dealt with the internal control system of
the Company in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act 1750 +"+). The Company received on February !1,
!"#+ an unqualified audit certificate of :;<= /=
Wirtschaftsprufungsgesellschaft, Berlin, for the im-
plementation of the regulations of ’50 +"+ in the fi-
nancial year !"#$.

The legal and business relations of the Company to
Fresenius SE&Co.KGaA and/or its a%liates were
again subject matter of the reviews of the Audit and
Corporate Governance Committee. It was possible
to confirm in each case that the relationships corre-
sponded to those “at arms’ length”.

The results of the discussions and resolutions of the
Audit and Corporate Governance Committee were
reported by its chairman to the Supervisory Board in
each case.

Joint Committee
The Joint Committee, the approval of which is re-
quired for certain important transactions and certain
transactions between the Company and Fresenius
SE&Co. KGaA and/or its a%liates, convened twice in
!"#$. The subject of both meetings of the Joint Com-
mittee was consideration of the approval of two
contracts concluded by the Company or its Group
Companies with group companies of Fresenius
SE&Co. KGaA. One of these contracts concerned 8C
services and the other the supply of various products
in particular in the area of plasma collection. The
Joint Committee after detailed debate respectively
decided unanimously to approve these contracts. In
accordance with section #$e ss. ! of the Articles of As-
sociation, the Joint Committee will report to the An-
nual General Meeting on its activity. The comprehen-
sive report of the Joint Committee thereon is accessible

on the website of the Company from the time of the
convening of the Annual General Meeting.

For the General Partner, its Supervisory Board Mem-
bers Dr. Ulf M. Schneider and Dr. Gerd Krick are del-
egated to the Joint Committee of the Company and
for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co KGaA, Dr. Walter
L.Weisman and Mr. William P. Johnston are elected
to the Joint Committee.

Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee of the Company, the
members of which in the year under report were
Dr. Gerd Krick (Chairman), Dr. Walter L. Weisman and
Dr. Dieter Schenk, prepares personnel proposals of
the Supervisory Board and proposes to the Supervi-
sory Board of the Company suitable candidates for
its election proposals to the general meeting. In the
year under report, the Nomination Committee did
not meet as there was no requirement for it to do so.

Ad-hoc Committee in connection with

the conversion of the remaining preference
shares into ordinary shares.
The ordinary general meeting of May #(, !"#$ and the
special meeting of the preference shareholders of
the same date decided, inter alia, to convert the re-
maining preference shares into ordinary shares and
in this connection to adjust the conditional capital
pursuant to section+ ss.1 of the Articles of Associa-
tion. With regard to the registration of the conver-
sion of the preference shares into ordinary shares
and the adjustment of the conditional capital in the
Commercial Register, the shareholders had autho-
rised the Supervisory Board to up-date and/or re-
place, in the course of the registration notification to
the Commercial Register, the figures and amounts
not yet finally determined at the time of the relevant
resolution. On the basis of these authorisations,
the Supervisory Board formed, by resolution of
June #", !"#$ passed in the circulation procedure, a
temporary Ad-hoc Committee which, on June !+, !"#$,
conducted the above described up-dating and/or re-
placement.

The Ad-hoc Committee consisted of Dr. Dieter
Schenk (Chairman), Dr. Gerd Krick and Prof. Dr. Bernd
Fahrholz. In the financial year, the Ad-hoc Commit-
tee held one telephone conference.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
25

1.3

REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Corporate governance

The Supervisory Board again reviewed the efficiency
of its work and also dealt with the exchange of in-
formation between the Management Board of the
General Partner and the Supervisory Board (includ-
ing regular information from the Management
Board on new developments in corporate gover-
nance and compliance) and between the Super-
visory Board and the Audit and Corporate Gover-
nance Committee. No objections arose in the course
thereof.

The Supervisory Board Members Classon, Johnston,
Dr. Krick, Dr. Schenk and Dr. Weisman are also Mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board of the General Partner,
Fresenius Medical Care Management /=. The Super-
visory Board Members Dr. Krick and Dr. Schenk are
also members of the supervisory board of Fresenius
Management ’4 (Dr. Krick as chairman and Dr. Schenk
as vice chairman) which acts as general partner of
Fresenius SE&Co. KGaA which holds approximately
$#.$) of the shares of the Company and all shares in
its General Partner, Fresenius Medical Care Manage-
ment /=. Dr.Krick is also a member (chairman) of
the supervisory board of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA.

Consultancy or other service relationships between
Supervisory Board Members and the Company apply
in the year under report only to Dr. Dieter Schenk
who is also partner in the law firm Noerr >>;; compa-
nies of the internationally operating law firm Noerr
provided legal advice to Fresenius Medical
Care AG &Co. KGaA and a%liated companies. In the
year under report, Fresenius Medical Care paid ap-
proximately €#." < (plus D/C) to the law firm Noerr or
in December !"#$ gave instructions for such pay-
ment (!"#!: approximately €#.+<). This is less than
!) of the legal and consultancy costs paid by
Fresenius Medical Care worldwide. Concerning the
amount paid or processed for payment in the year
under report, it does not include payments which
have been executed in the year under report, but
had been instructed for payment in !"#! and had
therefore been reported for fiscal year !"#! already.
The Supervisory Board (and the Supervisory Board of
the General Partner) approved the engagement and
the payments after presentation of detailed informa-
tion thereon and following the recommendation of
the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee by

resolution accordingly, in each case with Dr. Schenk
abstaining. Payments were only effected after the
respective approvals of the Supervisory Board.

The Supervisory Board found that it and_ its
committees have, in its opinion, an adequate num-
ber of independent members.

At its meeting on December $, !"#$, the Supervisory
Board discussed and resolved on the Company’s
declaration of compliance under section #(# Stock Cor-
poration Act on the German Corporate Governance
Code. The version of the declaration of compliance
of December !"#$ as it appears at present perma-
nently accessible on the website of the Company
applies. The deviations from the recommendations
of the Code refer firstly to the (absence of) reference
o or setting of an age limit for Members of the
Management Board of the General Partner and the
ack of setting concrete objectives regarding the
composition of the Supervisory Board and, when
making recommendations to the competent elec-
ion bodies, take these objectives into account and
reporting on their implementation. Since that would
unduly limit the selection of qualified candidates for
he Management Board and as the composition of
he Supervisory Board needs to be aligned to the
Company's interest and has to ensure the effective
supervision and consultation of the Management
Board, it is a matter of principle and of prime impor-
tance that each member is suitably qualified. When
discussing its recommendations to the competent
election bodies, the Supervisory Board will take into
account the international activities of the Company,
potential conflicts of interest, the number of inde-
pendent Supervisory Board Members within the
meaning of Code number 1.+.!, and diversity. This
includes the aim to establish an appropriate female
representation on a long-term basis. In order, how-
ever, not to limit the selection of qualified candi-
dates in a general way in the interest of the Com-
pany, the Supervisory Board confines itself to a
general declaration of intent and particularly refrains
from fixed diversity quotas and from an age limit.
Furthermore, the employment contracts of the
Members of the Management Board of the General
Partner do not contain severance payment arrange-
ments for the reasons stated in the Company’s dec-
laration of compliance. The Company also deviates

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
26

1.3

REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

from the recommendations of the Code newly intro-
duced in !"#$ to the extent that these recommenda-
tions relate to caps on compensation components
for the Management Board and to the presentation
of the compensation for each individual Member of
the Management Board in the compensation report
by using corresponding model tables. The perfor-
mance-oriented short-term compensation (the vari-
able bonus) is capped. As regards stock options and
phantom stocks as compensation elements with
long-term incentives, the service agreements with
Members of the Management Board do provide for
a possibility of limitation but not for caps regarding
specific amounts. Introducing caps regarding spe-
cific amounts in relation to such stock-based com-
pensation elements would contradict the basic idea
of the Members of the Management Board partici-
pating appropriately in the economic opportunities
and risks of the Company. Instead of that,
Fresenius Medical Care pursues a flexible concept
considering each individual case. In situations of ex-
traordinary developments in relation to the stock-
based compensation which are not related to the
performance of the Management Board, the Super-
visory Board may cap the stock-based compensation.
Since Fresenius Medical Care does not provide for
caps regarding specific amounts for all compensa-
tion elements and, therefore, does not provide for
caps regarding specific amounts for the overall com-
pensation, the presentation of Management Board
remuneration in the compensation report cannot
meet all recommendations of the Code in the future.

The corporate governance report of the General
Partner and of the Supervisory Board together with
the declaration on corporate governance according
to section !86a Commercial Code are on pages 128 ff. of
the annual report. The declaration on corporate
governance for the year under report was discussed
by the Supervisory Board and approved at its meet-
ing of March #!, !"#+.

Annual and consolidated
financial statements
The annual financial statements of Fresenius Medical
Care AG&Co.KGaA and the annual management
report were prepared in accordance with the re-
gulations of the German Commercial Code, the

consolidated financial statements and consolidated
management report under section $#1a German Com-
mercial Code in accordance with International Finan-
cial Reporting Standards 7A?’9 as applicable in the
European Union. The accountancy, the annual finan-
cial statements and the annual management report
of Fresenius Medical Care AG&Co.KGaA and the
consolidated financial statements and consolidated
annual management report of Fresenius Medical
Care AG&Co.KGaA, in each case for the financial
year !"#$, were audited by :;<= /= Wirtschaftspru-
fungsgesellschaft, Berlin which was elected as audi-
tor by resolution of the Annual General Meeting of
May #(, !"#$ and instructed by the Audit and Corpo-
rate Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board.
The said documents each carry an unqualified certifi-
cate. The audit reports of the auditor were available
to the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee
and to the Supervisory Board. The Audit and Corpo-
rate Governance Committee, taking account of the
audit reports of the auditor of the annual and consol-
idated financial statements and the discussions with
him, reviewed the annual and consolidated financial
statements and annual management reports and re-
ported to the Supervisory Board thereon.

The Supervisory Board also reviewed the annual finan-
cial statements, the annual management report and
the proposal for the application of profit and the
consolidated financial statements and consolidated
annual management report in each case for the
financial year !"#$. The documents were provided to
it in good time. The Supervisory Board declared its
agreement to the result of the audit of the annual
financial statements and the consolidated financial
statements by the auditor. The representatives of the
auditor of the annual and consolidated financial
statements who signed the audit reports also partic-
ipated in the discussions of the Supervisory Board of
the annual and consolidated financial statements, re-
ported on the significant results of the audit and
were available for additional information. No objec-
tions are to be raised by the Supervisory Board to the
annual financial statements and the annual manage-
ment report of the Company or to the consolidated
financial statements and the consolidated annual
management report even after the final results of its
own review.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
27

1.3

REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

At its meeting on February !+, !"#+, the Supervisory
Board discussed the draft of the report according to
form !"-A for filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission 77433, which contains, inter alia, the
consolidated financial statements and the consoli-
dated annual management report in accordance
with the “&.”. Generally Accepted Accounting Princi-
ples”, 7&.”. =//3$ with the &.’. dollar as the report-
ing currency. At its meeting on March #!, !"#+, the
Supervisory Board approved the annual financial
statements and annual management report of
Fresenius Medical Care AG&Co. KGaA for !"#$ pre-
sented to it by the General Partner. The declaration
on corporate governance for the reporting year !"#$
was also a subject at that meeting and approved.
At its meeting of March #!, !"#+, the consolidated
financial statements and the consolidated annual
management report were also approved by the Su-
pervisory Board. The Supervisory Board further ap-
proved the General Partner's proposal for the appli-
cation of profit which provides for a dividend of
€".-- for each ordinary share.

Dependency report

The General Partner, Fresenius Medical Care Manage-
ment /=, prepared a report on the relationships to
a%liates in accordance with section $#! Stock Corpo-
ration Act for the financial year !"#$. The report con-
tains the final declaration of the General Partner that
the Company, in accordance with the circumstances
known to the General Partner at the time at which
the transaction was undertaken or the measures
taken or omitted, received reasonable consideration
for each transaction and was not disadvantaged by
the conduct of the measures or their omission.

The Supervisory Board and the Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee received the report in good
time and reviewed it. The auditor participated in the
relevant discussions, reported on the main results of
his audit and was available for additional informa-
tion. The Supervisory Board and the Audit and Cor-
porate Governance Committee share the view of the
auditor who added the following certificate to that
report on February !1, !"#+:

“In accordance with our conscientious audit and as-
sessment, we confirm that 7#9 the statements of fact

in the report are correct, 7!9 the consideration of the
Company in the course of the transactions listed in
the report was not unreasonably high, 7$) the mea-
sures listed in the report are not the occasion for an
assessment substantially different from that of the
General Partner”.

According to the final result of the review by the
Supervisory Board also, no objections to the declara-
tion of the General Partner at the foot of the report
on the relationships to a%liates are to be raised.

Composition of the Management Board
of the General Partner

As already reported last year, the Supervisory Board
of the General Partner appointed the former vice
chairman of the Management Board Mr. Rice Powell
as chairman of the Management Board with effect
from January #, !"#$ in succession to Dr. Lipps. Like-
wise with effect from January #, !"#$, Mr. Ronald
Kuerbitz was nominated as a Member of the Man-
agement Board for the region of North America.
Dr. Olaf Schermeier was appointed as an ordinary
Member of the Management Board of Fresenius
Medical Care Management /= for research and de-
velopment with effect from March #, !"#$.

The Supervisory Board thanks the Members of the
Management Board of the General Partner as well
as all employees for their commitment and for the
successful work performed in !"#$.

Bad Homburg v.d.H., March 12, 2014
The Supervisory Board

AS 2,
DR. GERD KRICK

Chairman

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
28

CHAPTER 1.4

Capital market and shares

Fresenius Medical Care's share price saw muted development over the
past financial year. In a positive overall market environment, it closed the year
at the same level at which it opened it. The sustained debate on reimburse-
ment cuts for dialysis treatment in our most important market, the u.s.,
and elsewhere had an adverse effect on our share price performance and led
to pronounced share price fluctuations. Despite this, we are confident that
we have positioned the Company strategically in such a way that will allow us
to successfully continue on our growth path and increase the shareholder
value of Fresenius Medical Care in the longer term.

STOCK MARKET ON THE UPSWING PERFORMANCE OF FRESENIUS MEDICAL
CARE’S SHARE PRICE MUTED

The financial markets continued to be affected by

the international sovereign debt crisis at the begin- — Looking only at Fresenius Medical Care’s share price
ning of !"#$. However, growing confidence in eco- _at the start and end of !"#$, it seems to have been a
nomic development provided a boost to the stock — calm and uneventful year: The closing price of €1#.-$
markets from the start of the second quarter of !"#$ = at year-end !"#$ was largely unchanged compared
onwards. Robust corporate figures and a further im- with the previous year. But this impression is mis-
provement in the economic outlook led to a steady leading: Our share price saw considerable move-
upturn in the German ./0 index, which closed the ment over the course of the year.

year at 6,11! points, up !1) on the end of the pre-

vious year. Further information on the performance Fresenius Medical Care’s shares recorded their high
of the world’s leading stock indices can be found for the year on April +, !"#$ 7€11.("9 and their low on

in table 1.4.1. October #", !"#$ 7€+-.""5. Significant factors influencing
7.1.4.1 Stock indices/shares
Country/

region 31.12.2012 31.12.2013 Change High Low
DAX GER 7,612 9,552 25% 9,589 7,460
Dow Jones US. 13,104 16,577 26% 16,577 13,104
Nikkei JP 10,395 16,291 57% 16,291 10,395
CAC FR 3,641 4,296 18% 4,321 3,596
FTSE GB 5,898 6,749 14% 6,840 5,898
DJ EURO STOXX 50 EUR 2,636 3,109 18% 3,111 2,512
DJ EURO STOXX Healthcare EUR 488 587 20% 587 488
Fresenius Medical Care ordinary shares in! GER 52.31 51.73 -1% 55.60 47.00
Fresenius Medical Care ADR in$ US. 34.30 35.58 4% 36.07 31.02

Source: Reuters data, own calculations

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
CAPITAL MAR

the development of our share price in !"#$ included
the debate on reimbursement cuts for dialysis treat-
ment in our most important market, the &.’., and
elsewhere.

Our share price performance was initially affected by
the &.”. budget cuts (sequestration) that came into
force in March !"#$, which also led to cuts in re-

29

1.4
KET AND SHARES

quarter of !"#$ in particular, the proposal by the re-
sponsible authority 3<’ (Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services) to lower the reimbursement rate
for the dialysis treatment of state-insured patients by
a greater margin than expected from !"#+ onwards
had a massive impact on our share price. However,
this recovered substantially in the fourth quarter on
the back of the final announcement of a less dra-

imbursements in the dialysis sector. In the second matic reduction in the basic reimbursement rate.

C.1.4.2 Index and share price performance,
indexed December 31, 2012—December 31, 2013
in %
Ql Q2 Q3 Q4
Jan. Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec.

130

120 iN
110

100

90

80

—'Fresenius Medical Care ordinary share (") =-=!Fresenius Medical Care ADR ($) ——!DAX ——!DJ Euro Stoxx Healthcare
Source: Reuters data, own calculations

C.1.4.3 Index and share price performance on a ten-year comparison,
indexed December 31, 2003 — December 31, 2013
in %
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
340
280
220
160 VP
100
40
——!Fresenius Medical Care ordinary share (") ——!DAX ——!Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)

Source: Reuters data, own calculations

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
CAPITAL MAR

A long-term comparison underlines the strength of
Fresenius Medical Care’s shares: Over the past ten
years, the Company’s share price has roughly tre-
bled. An investor seeking long-term growth who
invested €#",""" in Fresenius Medical Care shares
ten years ago and reinvested the dividends would
have had €!-,1#( in their account as of December $+,
!"#$. This corresponds to an average annual rate of
return of around ##). Over the same period, the
German ./0 and the Dow Jones index in the &.’., for
example, posted substantially lower annual growth
rates of 6 and 1) respectively.

The exchange rate of the euro against the &.’. dollar
continued to play an important role in the develop-
ment of our share price in !"#$. The appreciation of
local currencies (especially the euro) against the &.’.
dollar is advantageous for Fresenius Medical Care in
financial terms because we report in &.’”. dollars. As
a result, we benefit from higher values when our
balance sheet items and earnings (in local curren-
cies) are translated into &.”. dollars. However, the
appreciation of the euro also means that several con-
ventional valuations, which are usually calculated in

30

1.4
KET AND SHARES

&.”. dollars, are less favorable when translated into
euros. This can be significant as many investors base
their decisions first and foremost on the euro share
price. In !"#$, the price of Fresenius Medical Care’s
shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange
1EF’49 in the form of American depositary receipts
7.279 increased by +).

Preference shares converted into ordinary shares
At the Annual General Meeting in May !"#$, the
shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care resolved a
mandatory conversion of the outstanding non-vot-
ing preference shares into ordinary voting shares at
a ratio of #:#. The stock exchange listing of the pref-
erence shares was suspended as a result. Since
July #, !"#$, only the ordinary shares of Fresenius
Medical Care have been listed on the stock exchange.

Share buyback program implemented
In the year under review, Fresenius Medical Care
bought back treasury shares in the amount of
around *1"" < (approximately €$81 <). In the period
from May !" to August #+, !"#$, we acquired a total
of around -.11< treasury shares at an average price

C.1.4.4 Share price performance, absolute
December 31, 2012 — December 31, 2013
in!
Jan Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sep. Oct Nov Dec
55.60 Year high

56 J

54

52

47.00 Year low

50

48

46

=——!Ordinary share =—=!Price range in each month

Source: Reuters data, own calculations

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
31

of €1# per share. The share buyback was financed
from the Company's current cash flow and existing
credit facilities.

Fresenius Medical Care will use these treasury shares
solely to either reduce our registered share capital
by cancellation of the acquired shares, or to fulfill
our employee participation programs.

The number of outstanding ordinary shares declined
by around $.1< in net terms as a result of the con-
version of the preference shares and the share buy-
back program. It amounted to around $"#.41< at
year-end.

Slight decrease in market capitalization
Fresenius Medical Care’s market capitalization
amounted to €#1.16GE as of December $#, !"#$,
around €+"" < lower than the previous year’s figure
of €#1.66GE. In contrast, the trading volume in-
creased year-on-year, averaging ".8!< shares per
trading day 7!"#!: ".(8 <3.

Cc. 1.4.5

1997 = 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004

0.8

1.4
CAPITAL MARKET AND SHARES

Development of the dividend

in!

Good positioning in DAX rankings

At the end of the fiscal year, our shares essentially
occupied an unchanged position in the rankings
published by Deutsche Borse, which serve as a basis
for determining the composition of the ./0. The
rankings are compiled every month and are based
on the trading volume and market capitalization in
terms of the free float. At year-end !"#$, our weight-
ing in the ./0 was #.$- ) 7!"#!: #.(4)9. This primarily
reflects the weaker relative performance of our
shares compared with other -/0 companies. At the
end of the year, we were ranked !#* in the ./0 in
terms of market capitalization (!"#!: #6) and !1' in
terms of trading volume (!"#!: !8*).

Fresenius Medical Care’s shares are included in a
number of other important international share indi-
ces, such as the Dow Jones, <’3h and the AC’4. For
the fourth consecutive year, our shares were listed in
the Dow Jones Euro Stoxx Sustainability Index,
which takes into account ecological and social as
well as economic criteria.

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

0.771

0.7

0.75

0.6

0.5

0.4

0.2

0.1

——!Ordinary share
# Proposal to be approved by the Annual General Meeting on May 15, 2014.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
32

1.4

CAPITAL MARKET AND SHARES

DIVIDEND CONTINUITY

In the year under review, Fresenius Medical Care
confirmed that it would continue with its profit-
oriented dividend policy with a slight modification.
In future, the dividend will increase roughly in line
with earnings per share, at the same time we intend
to ensure the continuity of the dividend develop-
ment. At the Annual General Meeting on May #1, !"#+,
a $) increase in the dividend to €".-- per share will
be proposed. Subject to the approval of the Annual
General Meeting, the shareholders can therefore
expect the dividend to increase for the #-" year ina
row since the foundation of Fresenius Medical Care
in #66(.

Based on the proposed dividend and our closing
share price at the end of !"#$, the dividend yield for
our shares would be around #.1) 7!"#!: #49. This
means that the dividend would have risen by an av-
erage of around #") each year since #66-.

Based on the proposed dividend, the total payout
for !"#$ would amount to approximately €!$! <. Ap-
plying the exchange rate at the end of the financial
year, the total dividend works out at around *$!"<.
Based on our consolidated net income of *#.##GE,
this represents a payout ratio of about !1).

p— T. 1.4.6

Number of identified shares as per shareholder structure analysis ——————_______

figures rounded in M

SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE
REMAINS VERY BALANCED

Based on our latest shareholder structure analysis at
the beginning of !"#+, we were able to identify the
owners of an extremely large proportion of around
6() (previous year: 6- )) of the $"#.1< shares out-
standing. As of December $#, !"#$, the number of
Fresenius Medical Care shares held by Fresenius
SE & Co. KGaA remained unchanged at around 6+.+ <.
Fresenius SE&Co.KGaA is our largest shareholder
with an interest in our share capital of $#.$). In our
shareholder structure analysis, we identified a fur-
ther #$ institutional investors with an interest in our
share capital of more than #).

Overall, we identified 8$# institutional investors (pre-
vious year: 86-) through the shareholder structure
analysis. The top !" institutional investors in our
Company held around +- ) of the identified shares in
the free float (previous year: +1)). Nine of the
top !" investors are based in Great Britain, while six
are in the &.”., two in Germany and one in each of
Norway, France and Canada.

In terms of geographical distribution, $-.")) of the
identified shares in the free float were held by insti-
tutional investors in North America. Another 1#.!)

Number of shares in % in % of free float

Number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2013 301.5 100.0 -
Identified shares 287.6 95.4 -
Unidentified shares 13.9 4.6 6.7
Shares in free float 207.1 68.7 -
> Identified shares based on free float 193.2 - 93.3

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
33

1.4

CAPITAL MARKET AND SHARES

of the shares were held in Europe excluding Ger-
many, with Great Britain accounting for the majority
of these ($$.() of free float). Around 6.$) of our
Company's shares were held in Germany.

The analysis conducted at the beginning of !"#+ re-
veals a shareholder structure that, in our opinion,
continues to be well balanced both from a geo-
graphical point of view and in terms of private and
institutional investors. For !"#+, we again see the
regional focus of our investor relations activities on
North America and Europe, as well as selected coun-
tries in Asia and the Middle East.

VOTING RIGHTS NOTIFICATIONS IN 2013

In !"#$, we received three voting rights notifications in
accordance with section !1 7#) of the German Securities
Trading Act (WpHG), three voting rights notifications
in accordance with section !1 7#a? WpHG and four
voting rights notifications in accordance with section
!#7# WpHG. All voting rights notifications are pub-
lished in the investor relations section of our website
at www.fmc-ag.com.

SHARES RATED AS NEUTRAL
BY A MAJORITY OF ANALYSTS

Financial analysts continue to express great interest
in our Company. This is reflected by the fact that we
are actively tracked and covered by $1 equity ana-
lysts, known as sell-side analysts. As of the end of
!"#$, #$ analysts rated our shares as “buy”, !" ana-
lysts voted for “hold” and two analysts recom-
mended investors to “sell” their shares. Some ana-
lysts changed their previous positive assessment in
light of the intensified debate on reimbursement
cuts for dialysis services.

SUCCESSFUL INVESTOR
RELATIONS ACTIVITIES

Our investor relations work in !"#$ again focused
on delivering comprehensive, transparent and timely
information simultaneously to all capital market
participants. This included disclosing information
on the strategy and management principles of
Fresenius Medical Care, its operational and financial
business developments and the Company's outlook

7.1.4.7 Geographical distribution of identified shares
figures rounded in M
2014 } 2013"
Number of Number of

shares in % shares in %
North America 62.55 37.0 74.49 41.6
Germany 15.67 9.3 14.79 8.3
Great Britain 56.78 33.6 51.12 28.5
France 11.94 7.1 14.39 8.0
Norway 5.57 3.3 5.74 3.2
Rest of Europe 12.26 7.2 13.31 7.4
Rest of the world 4.32 2.5 5.28 3.0
> Shares attributable to regions 169.09 100.0 179.12 100.0
Private investors 24.12 - 24.44 -
> Identified shares based on free float 193.21 - 203.56 -

# As per shareholder structure analysis, January 2014.
$ As per shareholder structure analysis, January 2013.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
34

1.4

CAPITAL MARKET AND SHARES

to a wide audience encompassing not only share-
holders, other capital market participants and ana-
lysts, but also employees, journalists and the general
public. Our aim is to make a significant contribution
to increasing the value of Fresenius Medical Care in
the long term by means of effective financial com-
munication. In doing so, we fulfil all of the statutory
requirements and guidelines that apply to us in both
the &.’. and Germany. These include the regulations
of Deutsche Borse and the EF’4, as well as the Ger-
man Securities Trading Act (WpHG), the German
Corporate Governance Code and the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. More information on this and other corporate
governance issues can be found in the “Corporate
governance report” starting on page 128.

In !"#$, we again maintained our contacts with
financial analysts and institutional and private inves-
tors worldwide. We presented Fresenius Medical
Care and answered questions about our business
performance and the Company's future in around
-1" one-on-ones with analysts and investors. In addi-
tion, we showcased the Company and its pros-
pects at #1 roadshows and !( investment confer-
ences around the globe. Private investors also play
an extremely important role. For this reason, we
took part in events organized for private investors by
the German Association for the Protection of Share-
holders (Deutsche Schutzvereinigung fur Wertpapier-
besitz, .” 1), among other things.

T. 1.4.8 Basic share data

No par value bearer
Share type ordinary share
Stock exchanges
Germany: Frankfurt Stock Exchange/Prime Standard FME
U.S.: New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) FMS
Security identification codes
Securities No. (WKN) 578580
ISIN DE0005785802
CUSIP No. (NYSE) 358029106
Reuters
XETRA FMEG.DE
Frankfurt Stock Exchange FMEG.F
ADR NYSE FMS.N
Bloomberg
XETRA FME GY
Frankfurt Stock Exchange FME GR
ADR NYSE FMS US

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
35

1.4
CAPITAL MARKET AND SHARES

In !"#+, we intend to inform our investors and
analysts about current business developments, our
strategy and the associated medium-term targets for
the fourth time as part of the Capital Markets Day in
New York. We previously welcomed numerous ana-
lysts and investors at this event in !""1, !""- and
"e"

!"#$ was another successful year for the Investor
Relations department of Fresenius Medical Care.
Irrespective of its moderate share price performance
over the course of the year, our Company was again
recognized for its outstanding work. The Thomson
Reuters news agency awarded Fresenius Medical
Care its prize for best 8? work in the “MedTech and
Services” category for the eighth time in a row. A
survey carried out by the &.’. magazine “Institu-
tional Investor” ranked our Company highest in the
“healthcare” category in Europe for the sixth year in
succession.

On our website www.fmc-ag.com, we also provide
the following information:

> price information on our share listed on the Frank-
furt and New York stock exchanges,

> publications such as quarterly reports, annual re-
ports, investor news and ad hoc disclosures,

> full-year and interim reports in the form of live
webcasts of analyst meetings and conference calls,
including corresponding information and presen-
tation material,

> live transmission of the 345’s speech to the Annual
General Meeting,

> financial calendar with information on reporting,
the Annual General Meeting and other events.

In addition, it is possible to contact us directly via

e-mail on our website, e.g. to receive automatic up-
dates on Company developments in the future.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
36

1.4
CAPITAL MARKET AND SHARES

T.1.4.9 Key figures for Fresenius Medical Care’s share
2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Number of shares? in M shares 301.45 302.74 300.16 298.28 295.75

Share prices (Xetra trading)

Year-high in! 55.60 59.51 55.13 45.79 37.71
Year-low in! 47.00 50.80 41.11 36.10 26.07
Year-end price in! 51.73 52.31 52.50 43.23 36.94
Average daily trading volume in shares 820,387 682,226 825,970 824,535 1,040,200

Share prices (ADR NYS)

Year-high in $ 36.07 38.93 39.96 32.01 27.48
Year-low in $ 31.02 32.13 27.88 23.71 17.83
Year-end price in$ 35.58 34.30 33.99 28.85 26.51

Market capitalization

Year-end in!M 15,594 15,986 15,930 13,143 11,045
Year-end in$M 21,434 21,092 20,621 17,270 15,911
Exchange rate $to! 1.3745 1.3194 1.2945 1.3141 1.4406

Index weight

DAX in % 1.37 1.64 2.16 1.36 1.31
Dividend

per share in! 0.772 0.75 0.69 0.65 0.61
Dividend yield in % 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.5 1.7
Total payout in!M 232? 230 210 197 183

Basic earnings per ordinary
share (EPS)

Number of sharesL in M shares 301.88 301.14 299.01 296.81 294.42

Basic earnings per ordinary
share (EPS) in$ 3.65 3.89 3.54 3.25 2.99

# As of December 31 of the respective year.

$ 2013: Subject to the appr oval of the Annual General Meeting on May 15, 2014.
% Based on end of the r espective year.

& Weighted average number of outstanding shares.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
39-156

OUR FISCAL YEAR

2. OUR FISCAL YEAR

2.1

Operations

and strategy
39

2.2

Business

environment
49

2.3

Results of operations,
financial situation,

assets and liabilities
62

2.4

Research

and development
72

2.5

Procurement

and production
78

2.6

Our product

business
82

2.7

Our dialysis

services business
87

2.8

Employees
92

2.9

Responsibility

98

2.10

Risk and

opportunities report

106

2.11

Subsequent

events
120

2.12

Outlook

121

2.13

Corporate governance

report and

declaration on corporate

governance
128

39

CHAPTER 2.1

Operations and strategy

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of dialysis
products and services. Dialysis is a vital blood cleansing procedure that
substitutes the function of the kidney in case of kidney failure.

LEADING PROVIDER OF
DIALYSIS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

As a vertically integrated company, Fresenius Medical
Care offers products and services along the entire
dialysis value chain. In the year under review, we
further expanded our business with dialysis products
and in particular our services business. We now care
for more than !-",""" dialysis patients in $,!1" pro-
prietary dialysis clinics in over +1 countries world-
wide. We are continuously developing this network
of clinics — the largest and most international in the
world — to accommodate the ever growing number
of dialysis patients. At the same time, we operate
more than +" production sites on all continents,
making us the leading provider of dialysis products
including dialysis machines, dialyzers and disposable
accessories. The Company’s most important plants
for dialyzer production are in St. Wendel (Germany),
Ogden, Utah 7&.’.§ and Buzen (Japan). We manufac-
ture dialysis machines in Schweinfurt (Germany) and,
since merging our machine production with a distri-
bution warehouse in !"#$, in Concord, California
7&.”.9. We also maintain further manufacturing facil-
ities worldwide which cover local demand for dialy-
sis products as a rule. Further information on our
production activities can be found in the “Procure-
ment and production” chapter starting on page 78; a list
of our major subsidiaries can be found on page 279.

Fresenius Medical Care is organized regionally and
divided into the regions North America, 4<4/ (Europe,
Middle East, Africa), Latin America and Asia-Pacific.
Our business segments are grouped into North
America and International, which in turn comprises
the 4<4/, Latin America and Asia-Pacific regions.
Fresenius Medical Care’s corporate headquarters are
in Bad Homburg v.d.H., Germany. The headquarters
of North America, our most important region in
terms of revenue, are in Waltham, Massachusetts
1&.”.9. An overview of Fresenius Medical Care’s main
locations can be found in chart 2.1.1 on page 40.

Management and control

Since February !""(, Fresenius Medical Care has
had the legal form of a partnership limited by
shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien, KGaA).
The corporate structure of Fresenius Medical Care
AG&Co.KGaA as well as the Company’s manage-
ment and supervisory structure are set out in the
“Corporate governance report” starting on page 128. The
Members of the Management Board are presented
starting on page 18; information on the positions of the
Management Board and the Supervisory Board can
be found starting on page 275.

Reporting on the basis of U.s. GAAP
Fresenius Medical Care reports on the basis of &.’.
=//; (United States Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles) with the &.”. dollar as the reporting cur-
rency. This is due to the Company's high business
volume in the &.”. Furthermore, the Company pre-
pares its reports in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards 78A?’9.

Our products, services and
business processes

At the end of !"#$, about !.1#6< patients regularly
underwent dialysis worldwide. Dialysis is a vital
blood cleansing procedure that substitutes the func-
tion of the kidney in case of kidney failure. It removes
toxins and surplus water from the body, which are
normally discarded through urination in healthy in-
dividuals, as the patient's kidneys can no longer ful-
fill this task. We distinguish between two types of
dialysis treatment: hemodialysis 7M.9 and peritoneal
dialysis 75.9. In the case of M., a hemodialysis
machine controls the flow of blood from the patient
through a special filter, the dialyzer. With ;., the
patient's peritoneum is used as a dialyzing mem-
brane. Fresenius Medical Care’s business encom-
passes both therapy methods.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
40

2.1

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

Major locati

-
@

ons

a

i

Waltham, U.S.

North America
Dialysis products: 9%
Dialysis services: 91%

03

Latin America

c. 2.1.1
01
3,250
Clinics
270,122
America
Waltham, U.S.

Regional headquarters North America

14,610

Revenue in $M

40,456,900

Dialysis treatments

Dialysis products: 30%
Dialysis services: 70%

01 Ogden, U.S.
Dialyzers

05 Irving, U.S.
Hemodialysis concentrates

09 Jaguariuna, BR
Dialysis solutions

02 Concord, U.S.
Dialysis machines

06 Reynosa, MX
Tubing systems

03 Toledo, U.S.
Hemodialysis concentrates

07 Guadalajara, MX
Dialysis solutions

04 Montreal, CA
Hemodialysis concentrates

08 Santafé de Bogota, CO
Dialysis solutions

10 Pilar, AR
Hemodialysis concentrates &
dialysis solutions

VY Headquarters

Fresenius Medical Care

2013
Al

2.1
OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

90,690

Employees

o

Bad Homburg, GER 4

Hong Kong, CN

Asia-Pacific
Dialysis products: 67%
Dialysis services: 33%

Europe, Middle East and Africa
Dialysis products: 54%
Dialysis services: 46%

>40

Production sites

» dA

Europe Asia-Pacific

Bad Homburg, GER Hong Kong, CN

Company headquarters and regional headquarters for Europe, Regional headquarters
Middle East, Africa and Latin America Asia-Pacific

11 Schweinfurt, GER 16 Krems, AT 19 Inukai, JP

Dialysis machines Adsorbers Fiber bundles

12 St.Wendel, GER 17 Vrsac, SRB 20 Buzen, JP
Dialyzers & bags for peritoneal dialysis Dialyzers, dialysis solutions & Dialyzers & dialysis solutions
13 L’Arbresle, FR tubing systems 21 Changshu, CN
Dialyzers & hemodialysis concentrates 18 Antalya, TR Tubing systems

14 Palazzo Pignano, IT Tubing systems 22 Ipoh, MY

Tubing systems Water treatment systems
15 Canosa, IT 23 Smithfield, AU

Bags for peritoneal dialysis Hemodialysis concentrates

24 Scoresby, AU
Dialysis chairs

Fresenius Medical Care 2013

42

2.1

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

As a globally leading company, Fresenius Medical
Care offers dialysis services and products in more
than #!" countries around the world with a focus on
the following areas:

Hemodialysis:
treatment in specialized clinics

Most dialysis patients undergo hemodialysis 7M.9 in
specialized clinics. M. is by far the most common type
of renal replacement therapy, accounting for around
86 ) of all cases worldwide. It requires the use of spe-
cial products, primarily hemodialysis machines and
dialyzers that are connected to the device and act as
“artificial kidneys”, filtering toxic substances and wa-
ter from the patient's blood. Fresenius Medical Care
is the world’s leading manufacturer of these and
other dialysis products for use in both our own and
third-party clinics. Further information can be found
in the “Dialysis market” section starting on page 51 and in the
glossary on page 284.

Home dialysis:
still a niche market

The two types of home dialysis are peritoneal dialy-
sis 13 -$— see glossary on page 287 — and home hemodialysis.
In the year under review, about #) of all dialysis
patients worldwide underwent ;.. Home hemodial-
ysis continues to be a niche market: At the end
of !"#$, only around ".() of all dialysis patients
received this treatment. We provided products to
approximately 1",""" 5. patients and more than
$,8"" home hemodialysis patients by the end of !"#$;
as aresult, around #6 ) of all ;. patients and approx-
imately !-) of all home hemodialysis patients use
our dialysis products.

Acute dialysis:
when the kidneys suddenly stop working

Generally, dialysis patients suffer from chronic kid-
ney failure, a disorder which in most cases develops
gradually over many years. But in acute medical
emergencies, patients may also be in need of dialysis
because of rapid kidney failure, for instance after a
serious accident. Fresenius Medical Care also offers
products and services for acute dialysis.

Dialysis drugs:
expanding our product range

Usually, patients undergoing dialysis require medica-
tion to counteract anemia and control their mineral
metabolism. This chiefly comprises agents to stimu-
late red blood cell production, known as 4’/s
(erythropoiesis-stimulating agents), iron compounds,
phosphate binders, vitamin - preparations and calci-
mimetics; see glossary on page 286.

As well as using dialysis drugs in our own dialysis
clinics, we sell them to third parties. We mainly
source 4;5 and vitamin - from specialized providers.
We produce phosphate binders and iron compounds
ourselves and in a joint venture with the Swiss com-
pany Galenica. The phosphate binder Velphoro 7;/!#
was approved by the &.’. Food and Drug Adminis-
tration in !"#$ and will be introduced in the &.’. mar-
ket by Fresenius Medical Care North America in !"#+.
Dialysis drugs enable us to expand our product port-
folio horizontally beyond providing dialysis products
and services; they therefore fit in perfectly with our
strategic focus.

Laboratory services:
complementing our range of services
Nephrologists rely on extensive laboratory tests to
tailor dialysis to each patient. The laboratory re-
sults have a significant impact on the quality of
patients’ treatment and therefore their quality of
life. In !"#$, Spectra Laboratories, one of our sub-
sidiaries in the &.”., provided around (!< labora-
tory tests for some !#1,""" patients in our own as
well as in external dialysis clinics. Many of these
tests are used to regularly check the water and
electrolyte as well as the mineral balance and the
hemoglobin needed for oxygen production in the
blood. In !"#$, Spectra Laboratories acquired the
business of Shiel Medical Laboratory in the &.’.
This laboratory service provider performed approx-
imately #" < laboratoy tests in !"#$ for a broad base

of over +,""" physicians.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
43

2.1

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

Fresenius Rx:
the pharmacy service

Our pharmacy service in the &.’., Fresenius Rx,
mainly provides drugs and diabetes tests for renal
patients. Fresenius Rx sends the necessary drugs
straight to the patient's home or to the responsible
dialysis center. In addition to shipping products,
Fresenius Rx coordinates the supply of drugs to pa-
tients in collaboration with the responsible clinic
staff, notifies doctors and patients when new pre-
scriptions have to be issued, and points out if or-
dered drugs are not compatible or if dosages have
to be adjusted.

Fresenius Vascular Care:

meeting vascular access needs
Hemodialysis treatment requires a permanent vascu-
lar access. Fresenius Vascular Care is one of the big-
gest clinic networks for interventional radiology in
North America. It mainly deals with meeting dialysis
patients’ vascular access needs. By providing outpa-
tient treatment, we help to minimize lengthy and
cost-intensive stays in hospital and enable our pa-
tients to return to their normal surroundings as
quickly as possible. We operate a total of +( Fresenius
Vascular Care clinics in the &.’., $$ of which are joint
ventures. We also have three proprietary centers in
Portugal specialized in vascular access treatment. In
addition, we opened a center for vascular surgery
services in Taiwan.

Dialysis:

also possible on vacation and business trips
Usually, patients requiring regular dialysis are very
constrained in their mobility. Vacations or business
trips to other countries seem impossible. For
patients on M. or ;- who wish to travel, Fresenius
Medical Care offers a complimentary reservation
service for dialysis treatment outside their normal
environment. We use not only our own global net-
work of clinics for this, but also certified third-party
dialysis providers, enabling dialysis patients to re-
ceive their vital treatment in many areas around the
world.

Major markets and competitive position
Largest dialysis services provider in the world
Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading pro-
vider of dialysis services with a market share of
about #) based on the number of patients treated.
As well as providing services to most dialysis pa-
tients, we operate more dialysis clinics than any
other company: In !"#$, we ran $,!1" 7E"#h: $49
clinics worldwide. We treated ($) of our patients in
North America, #6) in Europe, ##) in Latin America

and -) in the Asia-Pacific region.

Market leader in dialysis products
Our dialysis products accounted for around $+) of
the global market in !"#$ 7!"#!: $$ 9, which means
that we are still the market leader in this area. The
market share of our key products — dialyzers and
dialysis machines — was even higher at around +$)
TU"#t: +49 and 11) 7!"#!: 114, respectively.

Detailed information on the major markets and the
position of Fresenius Medical Care can be found in
the “Dialysis market” section starting on page 51.

Legal and economic conditions

Fresenius Medical Care provides life-saving products
and therapies for patients suffering from chronic
kidney failure and is therefore exposed to economic
cycles to a relatively small extent. This sets us apart
from manufacturers of consumer goods, for in-
stance, whose products are subject to a more cycli-
cal demand.

Reimbursement schemes for dialysis treatments dif-
fer from country to country and often even within
countries. Fresenius Medical Care provides dialysis
services in more than +1 countries with different
economic conditions. Thanks to our international
experience, we are able to support the efforts of
national healthcare systems to create suitable remu-
neration structures, adapt our business to local con-
ditions and therefore operate on a profitable basis.
Further information can be found in the “Dialysis
market” section starting on page 51.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
44

2.1

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

As a life-saving treatment, dialysis is subject to the
highest safety and quality standards. This applies to
the production of our dialysis products as well as the
implementation of dialysis treatments at our own clin-
ics. These underlying requirements are stipulated in
numerous national and international legal provisions,
standards and norms, which are the basis for our cor-
porate activities. In addition to the legally prescribed
standards, we have developed in-house guidelines
that go beyond the statutory provisions in many areas.
For more information, see the chapter “Our dialysis
services business” starting on page 87 and the chapter “Pro-
curement and production” starting on page 78.

Demographic factors are one major reason why dial-
ysis markets continue to grow. They include aging
populations and an increasing incidence of diabetes
and high blood pressure, two diseases that often
precede the onset of chronic kidney failure. In recent
years, forecasts of the occurrence of these two dis-
eases have continuously been adjusted upwards. In
addition, the life expectancy of dialysis patients is
increasing primarily due to ongoing improvements
in the quality of treatment and higher standards of
living, even in developing countries.

STRATEGY, OBJECTIVES,
AND CORPORATE MANAGEMENT

For Fresenius Medical Care, acting sustainably and
responsibly is essential to enable us to continue in-
vesting successfully in our employees, research and
development, production and in developing our
fields of business now and in the future. We mea-
sure our success on the basis of clearly defined per-
formance indicators and targets. Further informa-
tion about our financial goals in !"#+ can be found in
the “Outlook” chapter starting on page 121.

Thanks to our financial stability, we benefit from at-
tractive corporate financing and a degree of flexibil-
ity that we aim to maintain in the future. For the
next few years, we intend to continue pursuing our
goal of consolidating our position in a financially re-
sponsible manner.

Long term strategy to increase
the Company's value

As the world’s leading provider of products and
treatments for patients with chronic kidney failure,
we gear our actions to our vision of creating a future
worth living for dialysis patients worldwide, every
day. That is what we aspire to and what motivates
us. Fresenius Medical Care’s corporate strategy is
our blueprint for turning this vision into reality. Our
aim is to maintain our position as the world’s lead-
ing provider of top-quality dialysis treatments and
products and to use it as a basis for sustainable,
profitable growth. In this way, we intend to contin-
uously increase Fresenius Medical Care’s company
value and create added value for patients, health-
care systems and investors worldwide.

The groundbreaking maxim of our corporate strat-
egy is still to fully capture our potential as a vertically
integrated company. This means that we systemati-
cally use the advantages that arise from covering the
complete value chain of dialysis.

Our strategy is based on an in-depth analysis of the
major trends affecting Fresenius Medical Care:

> Increasing prevalence of lifestyle diseases
Diseases such as high blood pressure and diabetes
are becoming increasingly common due to factors
such as a lack of exercise, an unhealthy diet and
obesity. In the long term, the damage that these
diseases can cause in the human body also affects
the kidneys.

>» Demographic change and a growing world popu-
lation

Average life expectancy is increasing, resulting in a
growing share of elderly people in the population.
However, kidney function deteriorates with age. In
combination with harmful influences such as high
blood pressure over many years, diabetes or lipid
metabolism disorders, low kidney function can lead
to chronic kidney failure. Demographic trends are
therefore a major factor in the growing number of
dialysis patients, which is expected to rise from !.1<
in !"#$ to $.8< worldwide in !"!".

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
45

2.1

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

> Improved access to medical care

In many countries, thanks to increasing wealth and
ongoing efforts to establish and expand balanced
and sustainable healthcare systems, a large number
of patients now have access to suitable dialysis
treatment for the first time. We expect this trend to
continue, and the resultant demand for high-quality
products and treatments to increase.

» Changes in the healthcare industry

The healthcare industry is in a process of transforma-
tion, not least due to the developments mentioned
above. Calls for the healthcare industry to find new
answers to rising cost pressure worldwide while
safeguarding and enhancing the quality and scope
of healthcare provision are getting louder. We firmly
believe that demand for holistic care of kidney pa-
tients will continue to grow, and that the focus in
future will no longer be on individual dialysis prod-
ucts or services, but on a combination of all areas of
application related to dialysis.

Against this background, Fresenius Medical Care's
corporate strategy is based on four pillars that will
govern our actions in the years ahead:

> Growing continuously and expanding our global
presence
> Tapping into new business areas

Cc. 2.1.2

Growing continuously and

Fresenius Medical Care’s corporate strategy

> Enhancing products and treatments
> Fostering operational excellence and flexibility

Based on these four pillars, we have devised specific
measures that will form the main thrust of our cor-
porate activities in the future.

Growing continuously and expanding
our global presence

We are committed to actively shaping the develop-
ment of the industry while benefiting from the
global growth of the market. We do this, for exam-
ple, by giving more and more people access to
life-saving dialysis treatment and developing innova-
tive products and therapies that improve our patients’
quality of life. We play a part in the industry's devel-
opment by entering into strategic alliances with var-
ious healthcare institutions, for example.

To strengthen our market position, we have devel-
oped various approaches ranging from organic
growth to the continuous assessment of acquisi-
tions. Our acquisition activities are focused on small
to medium-sized enterprises that supplement our
existing portfolio. For example, we regularly assess
whether we can expand our network of dialysis clin-
ics through purchases in markets that are particu-
larly attractive for our business. In selecting acquisi-
tions, we apply strict strategic and financial criteria.

Tapping into

expanding our global presence

‘

‘

new business areas

v

“I” FRESENIUS
‘W” MEDICAL CARE

Creating a future worth living.
For dialysis patients. Worldwide. Every day.

t

Enhancing products

t

Fostering operational

and treatments

excellence and flexibility

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
46

2.1

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

Another requirement for lasting, profitable growth is
gearing our business activities to attractive future
markets. One way of tapping into new markets and
further expanding our presence is through public
private partnerships 75339 in the dialysis business.
The public sector also benefits from a dialysis infra-
structure in the form of high quality standards, en-
abling it to care for more patients more effectively
and at a lower cost. Fresenius Medical Care is al-
ready involved in several ;5; initiatives in Europe,
Africa, Asia and Australia. We intend to expand stra-
tegic alliances such as these in future.

Tapping into new business areas
Fresenius Medical Care’s main focus is on compre-
hensive care for dialysis patients and dialysis-related
treatments. In many regions, in addition to our
products, dialysis treatment itself and a wide range
of dialysis drugs, we offer an increasing number of
additional services for patient care. These include
laboratory and pharmacy services as well as services
relating to vascular access, an essential aspect of
treatment for dialysis patients. Thanks to this inte-
grated healthcare approach, we can tap into new
business areas and meet the growing demand for
comprehensive care of patients with kidney disease.
It also enables us to integrate the individual treat-
ment steps with the aim of further improving the
quality of care for our patients and to relieve pres-
sure on the healthcare system.

Enhancing products and treatments
Developing innovative products and continuously
improving our dialysis treatments are integral parts
of our sustainable growth strategy. As a vertically
integrated company, we benefit from direct access
to the opinions and experience of patients and ex-
perts at our own dialysis centers.

We operate a global network of research and devel-
opment sites. This has the advantage of enabling us
to familiarize ourselves with local requirements and
respond to them quickly. At the same time, chronic
kidney failure is increasingly becoming a global
problem, and demand for improved, high-quality
yet cost-efficient products is growing worldwide.
This gives rise to a large number of synergies in the
area of product development that we intend to

leverage even more in future. In !"#$, we reorga-
nized our Research and Development department,
giving it a more global focus to capture this poten-
tial and specifically promote the exchange of
knowledge between regions. For further informa-
tion, see the “Research and development” chapter

starting on page 72.

The quality and safety of our products and services is
given top priority at Fresenius Medical Care. We
consider these aspects to be just as important as our
patients’ quality of life. Right from the development
of products and treatments, we put our patients
first. Confidence in the quality of our products and
services makes us a reliable partner for patients,
doctors and care staff alike. We will continue to
focus on the quality of our products and services in
the future.

Fostering operational excellence and flexibility
In a challenging economic environment, we also
place importance on enhancing Fresenius Medical
Care's profitability in the long term and positioning
and managing the Company even more e%ciently.
In the future, we aim to further optimize and mod-
ernize our administrative structures and processes
and make greater use of synergies, for example in
our Global Manufacturing Operations and Global
Research and Development divisions. In this way, we
aim to meet the rising demand and create the right
conditions to enable us to respond more flexibly to
changes in the market.

However, at the same time, we also intend to use
our decentralized structure in future to help us be a
strong, reliable local partner, respond quickly to cus-
tomers’ specific needs and changes in our markets
or in the regulatory environment, and gain access to
new markets.

Financial strategy

Besides optimizing our financing costs, Fresenius
Medical Care’s financial strategy gives top priority to
financial flexibility. The Company ensures this flexibil-
ity by using a wide range of financial instruments and
diversifying its activities with investors and banks to
a greater extent. Our financing profile is character-
ized by a wide spread of maturities up to !"!!.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
47

2.1

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

Our main financing instrument is the syndicated
credit agreement with a revolving credit facility and
a long-term loan. In addition, we use several other
medium-term and long-term financing instruments.

In our long-term financial planning, we focus pri-
marily on the debt/4GiC./ ratio. Fresenius Medical
Care holds a strong position in the growing dialysis
market, which is generally considered to be non-
cyclical. This sector is characterized by relatively sta-
ble cash flows. For further information on our finan-
cial strategy, see the “Financial situation” section

starting on page 66.

Key performance indicators

To manage the Company, Fresenius Medical Care's
Management Board uses various financial ratios that
are geared to strategic and operating targets. The
aim is to ensure the Company's long-term success.
These key performance indicators are an essential
component of forecast reporting. In addition, a large
number of financial and non-financial performance
indicators are compiled, checked and, in some cases,
incorporated into forecast reporting.

An overview about the key performance indicators
of Fresenius Medical Care can be found in table 2.1.3 on
page 48.

Other performance indicators
In addition to the ratios listed in table 2.1.3 on page 48 WE
use other indicators based on the following return
calculations:

> 2583 (return on invested capital) expresses how
e%ciently a company allocates the capital under
its control or how well it employs its capital with
regard to a specific investment project. Fresenius
Medical Care’s 7583 in !"#$ of -.-)) was at a compa-
rable level as in the previous year 7!"#!: 8#)9.

» 2?55/ (return on operating assets) expresses how
e%ciently the Company's total employed capital is
managed by calculating profit in relation to total
capital. Fresenius Medical Care’s ?55/ in !"#$ of
#".1) was also at a similarly high level as in the pre-
vious year 7!"#!: ##.+)9.

>» 254 (return on equity) provides an insight into
a company’s earning power. To calculate ?54,
the Group’s net income (net income attributable to
shareholders of Fresenius MedicalCare AG & Co. KGaA)
is placed in relation to employed shareholder capital
(capital of shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care
AG&Co.KGaA). At #!.") in !"#$, 254 (after tax)
slightly decreased compared to !"#!.

> When calculating our cost of capital, we use the
1/33 (weighted average cost of capital) formula.
The 1/33 is derived using the weighted average of
costs incurred for equity and debt. Fresenius Medical
Care’s 1/33 in !"#$ was at (.-), after (.8) in the
previous year. Comparing the Company's 1/33 with
its 2583 of -.- ) reveals that in !"#$, Fresenius Medical
Care not only generated its capital costs, but also
increased its shareholder value.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
48

2.1

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

We manage our investments by means of a detailed
coordination and evaluation process. The Manage-
ment Board sets the investment budget for the
Group as well as the investment targets. Before con-
crete investment projects or acquisitions are realized,
our internal Acquisition Investment Committee 1/339
examines the individual projects and measures tak-
ing into account the required and potential return
on investment. The investment projects are evalu-
ated based on commonly used approaches such as
the net present value and internal interest rate
methods; payback periods are also included in the

assessment. In this way, we try to ensure that we
only make and implement investments and acquisi-
tions that actually increase shareholder value.

Further information on acquisitions can be found in
the sections “Acquisitions and divestitures” on page 58,
and “Financial situation” starting on page 66.

Details on the development of these indicators as
well as other financial figures can also be found in
the chapter “Results of operations, financial situa-
tion, assets and liabilities” starting on page 62.

T.2.1.3 Key performance indicators of Fresenius Medical Care
Definition 2013 2012

Proceeds from the sale, letting or leasing of products and provision

Revenue of services $14,610 M $13,800 M

Operating income

(EBIT) Indicator for assessing earnings power $2,256M $2,219M

Operating income Ratio of operating income to revenue; indicator for assessing

margin (EBIT-margin) _ profitability 15.5% 16.1%
Earnings after taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling

Net income growth interests; indicator for assessing earnings power -6% 11%

Basic earnings per or- Net income divided by the weighted average number of shares

dinary share growth outstanding during the year -6% 10%
Ratio influencing the capital employed in the Company in the form of

Capital expenditures replacement and expansion investments $728 M $666 M
Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents from business operations in

Net cash provided relation to revenue; indicator for a company’s solvency and internal

by operating activi- inancing potential (funds available for replacement and expansion

ties in % of revenue investments) relative to revenue 13.9% 14.8%
Freely available cash flow after capital expenditures in relation to

Free cash flow in % revenue; indicator for the funds available for acquisitions, dividends

of revenue and loan repayments relative to revenue 8.9% 10.0%
Debt divided by EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, deprecia-
tion and amortization) adjusted for other non-cash expenditures;

Debt/EBITDA ratio indicates how long it takes to repay debts from own funds 2.8 2.8

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
49

CHAPTER 2.2

Business environment

The global economy picked up slightly in 2013. This was again largely due to
impetus from emerging countries, supported by the economic recovery
in Europe. The dialysis market is growing worldwide. At the end of 2013,
approximately 2.5 Mm dialysis patients were being treated.

OVERALL ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The global economy showed moderate growth in
!"#$. The outlook improved, especially in many of the
more advanced economies. By contrast, the trend in
most emerging countries remained constant. Conse-
quently, the growth rate of the global gross domes-
tic product 7=. 59 was virtually unchanged: In !"#$, it
amounted to !.6), compared to $.#) in !"#!.

Economic development in our North America
and International segments

North America segment: The budget dispute in the
&.”. regarding the lifting of the federal debt ceiling
was an ongoing obstacle to all fiscal policy decisions
in fall !"#$. A compromise was reached at the last
minute, averting the threat of sovereign default for
the time being. This standoff had affected economic
growth: =.; in the &.”. rose by just #() in !"#$,
compared to a !.8) increase in !"#!.

International segment: The economies in our Inter-
national segment developed at different rates. In the
euro zone, the economy slowly emerged from reces-
sion for the first time in almost two years in !"#$. The
growth rate in emerging countries remained high in
!"#$, although it was slower than in previous years in
some key markets such as Brazil, Russia, India and
China. It was particularly of significance in China,
which had set the pace for the global economy in the
past decade with its strong growth. The economic
performance of countries in the Latin America region
varied considerably, as in the previous year: Some ex-
panded, while in others growth was more modest.
Overall, the =. ; in the region was !.-) in !"#$, com-
pared to the previous year’s growth rate of !.6).

Energy prices still high, commodity prices lower

Energy costs, especially of oil, fuel and electricity, re-
mained high on average. Prices for commodities fell
sharply in some cases, especially in the first half of
the year, characterized by sharp fluctuations. Prices

T.2.2.1 Real gross domestic product
Change compared to the previous year in %
Gross domestic product

2013 2012
U.S. 1.6 2.8
Germany 0.4 0.7
Euro zone -0.4 -0.7
China 7.5 7.8
India 4.0 3.7
Asia 6.3 6.6
Latin America 2.7 2.9
> Worldwide 2.9 3.1

Source: Institute for the Global Economy at the University of Kiel Weltkonjunktur im Winter 2013, December 19, 2013

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
50

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

stabilized somewhat in the second half of the year,
but they were down on the previous year. For
Fresenius Medical Care, an increase in commodity,
transport and energy costs of #) generally means a
reduction in the Company's result after tax of approx-
imately ".6). Fresenius Medical Care counters these
price fluctuations by concluding long-term supply
contracts. This allows us to limit the negative effects
of short-term price rises on the Company's results.

Fresenius Medical Care
largely non-dependent on economic cycles
Compared with other industries, the dialysis market
is only very slightly affected by macroeconomic
impacts: Demand for medical care as a whole, includ-
ing life-preserving products and services for kidney
patients, is rising because of the aging population.

Cc. 2.2.2

Qi 2012 Q2 2012 Q3 2012

1.40

Exchange rate development U.S. dollar/euro

Q4 2012

Consequently, the dialysis market is a growth mar-
ket. Fresenius Medical Care is therefore only depen-
dent on economic cycles to a limited extent. Our
business is rather impacted by government reim-
bursement rates and remuneration systems. Dialysis
is a vital medical service, which is why it is usually
paid for by the responsible healthcare system; see
also the “Dialysis market” chapter starting on page 51.

Exchange rate development characterized
by a stronger and stable euro
For Fresenius Medical Care, the changes in currency
parity are relevant because we sell our products on
global markets. We report in &.’. dollars. Most of
our revenue is generated in &.’. dollars, and is there-
fore not subject to currency fluctuations. Our other
business activities are affected by the development

QI 2013 Q2 2013 Q3 2013 Q4 2013

1.30

1.20

— $i" !Annual average Quarterly average
Source: Reuters data, own calculations

T. 2.2.3 Sensitivity analysis

10 % appr eciation in currency against the U.S. dollar
Impact on sales of
Fresenius Medical Care
2013
Euro ~1.5%
Other European currencies ~0.5%
Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar ~0.3%
Japanese Yen ~0.1%
Other Asian currencies ~0.5%
South American currencies ~0.5%

Source: Company data and estimates

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
51

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

of the exchange rate not only against the &.’. dollar,
but also against the euro, as some of the key pro-
duction facilities are situated in the euro zone. We
minimize our transaction risks, i.e. risks arising from
foreign currency items or exchange rate fluctuations,
through our global network of production facilities,
which is geared towards meeting demand in our di-
alysis products business: Often, our production facil-
ities are based in the markets that they serve, so that
costs are incurred in the same currency in which we
generate our sales. In our largest business area, our
services business, the risk of exchange rate fluctua-
tions is relatively low because we provide our ser-
vices locally and therefore in the respective currency.

Currency translation effects particularly stem from
the relative development of the &.’. dollar and the
euro. After the &.”., Europe — particularly the euro
zone — is one of the most important business regions
for Fresenius Medical Care. Overall, translation ef-
fects on revenue and other key income items were
of minor significance in !"#$ as a result of the stron-
ger and consistent euro against the &.’. dollar com-
pared with the previous year, as well as the develop-
ment of the other exchange rates.

Further information on the economic environment
can be found in the “Comparison of the actual busi-
ness results with forecasts” section starting on page 59
and in the “Outlook” chapter starting on page 121.

7.2.2.4 Patients with chronic kidney failure in 2013

DIALYSIS MARKET

The dialysis market is growing worldwide. With our
decades of experience, we can provide patients with
high-quality dialysis products and services from a
single source. We are therefore ideally placed to ex-
pand our business further and consolidate our posi-
tion as market leader.

Collecting and analyzing market data
Reliable information on the development of the
dialysis market and its general conditions is an im-
portant prerequisite for the success of our business.
To obtain and manage representative market infor-
mation, Fresenius Medical Care has developed its
own tool, the Market & Competitor Survey 7<3’§. We
use it to collect and analyze relevant dialysis market
and competitor data and then leverage it within the
Company. We use this information as a basis for
strategic decisions in the areas of management, re-
search and development and marketing, as well as
for our external reporting, such as the annual report.
Unless otherwise stated, the data in this chapter is
based on the <3’ survey. By regularly adapting it,
we account for new trends such as changes in the
use of certain treatments as well as in the structure
of our competitive environment due to the entry of
new providers, for example.

inM

Patients with chronic kidney failure 3.194 100%
of which on dialysis 2.519 79%
Hemodialysis (HD) 2.250 71%
Peritoneal dialysis (PD) 0.269 8%
of which with transplants 0.675 21%

Source: Company data and estimates

Fresenius Mi

ledical Care 2013
BUSINESS

Industry-specific environment
Patient numbers rising worldwide
Chronic kidney failure is a global disease. At the end
of !"#$, approximately $.#6+< patients were being
treated.

At a regional level, the incidence of chronic kidney
failure varies. Prevalence, i.e. the relative number of
people being treated for end-stage renal disease in
a particular country, also differs significantly from
one country to another. The prevalence rate, mea-
sured in patients per million population (pomp), can
be well below #"" in developing countries. On aver-
age, the figure in countries in the European Union is
just over #,#"" pmp. Countries such as Japan and the
&.”. have very high figures, in some cases well over
!""" pmp. Taiwan has a rate of more than $,
pmp. There are various reasons for the significant
divergence in prevalence rates:

> The countries differ demographically, as age struc-
tures in the population vary worldwide.

> The incidence of risk factors for kidney disease
such as diabetes and high blood pressure diverges.

> The genetic predisposition for kidney disease dif-
fers across the world.

52

2.2

ENVIRONMENT

» Access to dialysis is still limited in many countries.
As a result, many kidney failure sufferers are not
treated and thus do not appear in prevalence statistics.

> Cultural factors such as nutrition play a role.

The number of dialysis patients rose by around -)
in !"#$. In the &”., Japan, and Western and Central
Europe, we again recorded below-average growth
in the number of patients in !"#$. In these regions,
prevalence is already relatively high and patients
generally have reliable access to treatment, nor-
mally dialysis. In economically weaker regions,
growth was above average — an indication that ac-
cess to dialysis treatment in these countries is still
limited but is gradually improving. In addition to
easier access to dialysis resulting in more precise
recording of patient numbers, other factors contrib-
uting to a rise in global prevalence include the
spreading incidence of illnesses that cause renal
damage, such as diabetes and high blood pressure,
as well as the general aging of the global popula-
tion due to medical advances.

Comparison of treatment methods
Of the !.1#6< patients who were undergoing dialy-
sis treatment at the end of !"#$, !.!1"<, or about
86), were treated with hemodialysis and around

7.2.2.5 Dialysis patients: regional development

2013 Change
North America 568,000 ~5%
U.S. 452,000 ~4%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 639,000 ~4%
EU 341,000 ~2%
Asia-Pacific 1,060,000 ~10%
Japan 318,000 ~2%
Latin America 252,000 ~6%
> Worldwide 2,519,000 ~7%

Source: Company data and estimates

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
53

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

1(6,""" T#}9 with peritoneal dialysis; see glossary on
page 283. In a global comparison of treatment meth-
ods, hemodialysis is clearly the most commonly used.

Dialysis patients can be treated either in a dialysis
center or in their own home. Treatment options
available for home therapy are home hemodialysis,
which is relatively uncommon so far, and peritoneal
dialysis. The ratio of patients treated in dialysis cen-
ters to patients on home dialysis varies from region
to region.

The third option for treating patients with end-stage
renal disease is kidney transplantation. Approxi-
mately (-1,""" patients were living with a trans-
planted kidney at the end of !"#$. However, for
many years now, the number of donated organs
worldwide has been significantly lower than the
number of patients on transplant waiting lists. De-
spite extensive efforts by regional initiatives to in-
crease awareness of kidney donation and get more
people to donate, the share of patients receiving
kidney transplantation compared to other treatment
methods has remained relatively unchanged over
the past ten years.

Our customers are mostly

health insurers and companies
Fresenius Medical Care’s most important customers
are state-owned or public health insurers, private
health insurers, and companies. The largest private
customer, which is also the world’s second-largest
provider in the dialysis services sector after
Fresenius Medical Care, is DaVita in the &.”. We gen-
erated around #) of our revenue with DaVita in the
last fiscal year.

T.2.2.6

Regional breakdown of in-center dialysis and home dialysis

Healthcare and reimbursement systems

vary from country to country
As renal replacement therapy is a life-saving medical
service, patients do not usually have to pay for dial-
ysis themselves. Instead, the costs are borne by the
responsible healthcare system. The reimbursement
systems for dialysis treatment — in other words, the
schemes used by healthcare systems to pay for dial-
ysis services — differ from one country to another
and often vary even within countries. The factors
determining reimbursement include regional condi-
tions, the kind of treatment provided, regulatory is-
sues, and the type of dialysis service provider (public
or private).

The healthcare debate in some countries is currently
focused on establishing reimbursement structures
based on treatment quality (pay for performance).
Here, more responsibility is transferred to the medi-
cal service provider, subject to transparency and
quality criteria. The aim of such reimbursement mod-
els is to ensure high-quality treatment combined
with lower overall costs for the healthcare system.

One example of a reimbursement model based on
qualitative criteria is the bundled reimbursement
system for dialysis introduced in !"## in the &.”., our
biggest sales market. It applies to dialysis treatment
for patients in the &.”. who are predominantly cov-
ered by national health insurance (Medicare patients).
All products and services that used to be reimbursed
according to the composite rate as well as services
that were refunded separately in the old system,
such as the administration of certain intravenous
drugs and diagnostic laboratory tests, are now paid
in a lump sum. This bundled reimbursement rate is

In-center dialysis Home dialysis

Europe/Middle East/Africa 93% 7%
Latin America 88% 12%
Asia-Pacific 90% 10%
North America 82% 18%
> Worldwide 89% 11%

Source: Company data and estimates

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
54

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

adapted to patients’ characteristics such as age and
weight; it can also be adjusted for patients who re-
quire exceptional medical care, which is more costly.
The &.’. reimbursement system also takes into ac-
count quality parameters such as the regulation of
the hemoglobin content of the blood (anemia man-
agement) and the effectiveness of dialysis treatment.
With our vertical business model, we are very well-
placed to work with reimbursement systems based on
qualitative criteria, such as the system in the &.”., and
are also well-equipped for any future adjustments.

Effective, January #, !"#+ some of the described pa-
rameters of the reimbursement system have been
changed. As a consequence, the reimbursement rate
will be stable in the next two years compared with
!"#$ but the raising costs due to inflation will not
be covered anymore. This is another financial blow

to our Company, after we were hit hard by the auto-
matic budget cuts (sequestration) in the last finan-
cial year to reduce the government debt in the &.”.,
as they also affected the dialysis sector. More infor-
mation can be found in the “Outlook” chapter starting
on page 121 and in the “Results of operations” section
starting on page 62.

Fresenius Medical Care in a global comparison
We estimate the volume of the global dialysis mar-
ket to be around *-1GE for !"#$. Measured in terms
of &.’. dollar, there is no percentage change com-
pared to the previous year due to strong exchange
rate effects. In constant currency the market volume
increased by +). We expect the following approxi-
mate breakdown for this market volume: dialysis
products at around *#+GE and dialysis services (in-
cluding dialysis drugs) at approximately *(#GE.

T.2.2.7 Market position relating to major product groups in 2013
1#$place 2% &alace
Dialyzers Fresenius Medical Care Baxter?
Dialysis machines Fresenius Medical Care Nikkiso
Concentrates for hemodialysis Fresenius Medical Care Baxter?
Bloodline systems Fresenius Medical Care Baxter?

Products for peritoneal dialysis

Baxter? Fresenius Medical Care

# Baxter including the Gambro acquisition completed in September 2013.
Source: Company data and estimates

Cc. 2.2.8

36% Others >

# Baxter including the Gambro acquisition completed in September 2013.
Source: Company data and estimates

Dialysis products in 2013

Market share, based on revenue

<34% Fresenius Medical Care

<30% Baxter’

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
55

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

Two major providers in the dialysis

product market
The main dialysis products include dialyzers, hemo-
dialysis machines, concentrates and dialysis solu-
tions, along with products for peritoneal dialysis; see
glossary starting on page 283. In terms of revenue, the two
largest manufacturers of dialysis products together
accounted for approximately (+) of the worldwide
market in !"#$. With a market share of $+),
Fresenius Medical Care was the market leader in this
segment, followed by Baxter with $"). The remain-
ing, mainly Japanese, dialysis product providers all
held market shares in the single-digit percentage
range.

Dialyzers for hemodialysis are the largest product
group in the dialysis market with a worldwide sales
volume of around !1"< units in !"#$. Around #"(<
were made by Fresenius Medical Care, meaning that
we comfortably held the largest market share in this

C.2.2.9

45 % Others >

Hemodialysis products in 2013

Market share, based on revenue

segment. We set a new record in terms of unit sales
in the &.”., our largest single market, with more
than +#< dialyzers sold in !"#$. Hemodialysis ma-
chines constitute another key segment of our prod-
uct business. Here, too, we are the clear market
leader: Of the more than 8",""" dialysis machines
sold worldwide in !"#$, some 11) were produced by
Fresenius Medical Care. The &.”. is our biggest sales
market for dialysis machines. In the reporting year,
more than 6+) of the dialysis machines sold there
were made by Fresenius Medical Care. Our !""8 se-
ries machine is the most common dialysis system in
the &.”. with more than #6,""" units in use.

China was our second-largest market after the &.’.
for sales of new hemodialysis machines in the repor-
ting year: We delivered approximately (,8"" ma-
chines there in !"#$. Over +") of all hemodialysis
machines currently in use in China are produced by
Fresenius Medical Care.

<37 % Fresenius Medical Care

418% Baxter?

# Baxter including the Gambro acquisition completed in September 2013.
Source: Company data and estimates

rp €.2.2.10

8% Others >

Peritoneal dialysis products in 2013

Market share, based on revenue

<21% Fresenius Medical Care

<71% Baxter?

# Baxter including the Gambro acquisition completed in September 2013.
Source: Company data and estimates

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
56

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

In the area of peritoneal dialysis, we account for !#)
of the global market in terms of revenue; see also
chart 2.2.10. on page 55. In the &.”., we hold a market
share of +!). Further information on our position in
the home dialysis market comprising home hemodi-
alysis and peritoneal dialysis can be found in the
“Home dialysis: still a niche market” section on page 42.

Dialysis services:
patients mostly treated in dialysis centers
Renal patients generally receive dialysis treatment in
clinics or dialysis centers, which they visit three
times a week for several hours. They are treated ei-
ther during the day or overnight while they sleep.
Further treatment options include home dialysis,

p— €.2.2.11 Dialysis clinic operators in 2013
Share of patients treated
North America 18% 64% 18%
U.S. 1% 79% 20%
bd
Europe/Middle East/Africa 61% 15% 24%
Es
EU 57% 21% 22%
ST
Asia-Pacific 52% 6% 42%
es
Japan 20% 80%
SE
Latin America 15% 22% 63%
> Worldwide 43% 23% 34%
m Public m= Private companies ™ Private individuals
Source: Company data and estimates
- C.2.2.12 Dialysis providers in the different regions in 2013
Number of patients treated
Total: 2.519 M
North America
Fresenius Medical Care 171,440
DaVita 161,000
US Renal Care 14,000
—
Europe
Fresenius Medical Care 51,541
Diaverum 18,600
—
Kuratorium fur Dialyse 18,500
as
Asia-Pacific
Fresenius Medical Care 17,869
a
Zenjin-Kai 6,000
=
Showai-Kai 5,000
=
Latin America
Fresenius Medical Care 29,272
Baxter? 8,700
—
Diaverum 4,100

# Baxter including the Gambro acquisition completed in September 2013.
Source: Company data and estimates

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
57

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

which patients mostly carry out themselves at home
under expert guidance and with the necessary ac-
cessories, or dialysis on vacation, for example on a
cruise ship or at a resort; Fresenius Medical Care also
offers services for these special cases. However, the
vast majority of dialysis services involve conven-
tional treatment in clinics or centers.

In !"#$, most dialysis patients were treated in one of
around $1,("" dialysis centers worldwide, with an
average of some -" patients per center. The organi-
zation of the centers also differs significantly de-
pending on whether the healthcare systems in the
individual countries are mainly state-run or privately
operated: There are approximately (,#"" dialysis clin-
ics in the &.’. and about 1,1"" in the European Union
1489. Whereas only approximately #) of patients in
the &.’. are treated by publicly funded clinics, in the
48, this figure is around 1-). In Japan, on the other
hand, private nephrologists (doctors specializing in
renal care) play a key role; around 8") of dialysis
patients are treated in their facilities.

Fresenius Medical Care can operate its own therapy
centers in countries where the healthcare system
allows private-sector companies to provide medi-
cal services and an appropriate reimbursement sys-
tem is in place. For some years now, healthcare
systems in a large number of countries have been
under pressure to improve the quality of treatment
while keeping healthcare costs as low as possible.
Some countries have therefore started to contem-
plate whether and how specialized private compa-
nies can help them in this. Other countries are only
just setting up their healthcare systems and are
interested in working with healthcare companies
with a good reputation for high-quality services
with the aim of developing modern treatment
standards. In both cases, Fresenius Medical Care,
as an experienced vertically integrated provider, is
the right partner: With our high-quality and inno-
vative products and services, we are ideally posi-
tioned to continue expanding our position on the
dialysis market.

- C. 2.2.13 Top 5 dialysis providers worldwide in 2013
Number of patients treated
Fresenius Medical Care 270,122
ST
DaVita 166,000
Diaverum 23,000
a
Kuratorium fiir Dialyse 18,500
—
US Renal Care 15,000
—
Source: Company data and estimates
p— €. 2.2.14 Fresenius Medical Care: patients treated in 2013
North America 30% 70%
a
U.S. 37% 63%
———
Europe/Middle East/Africa 8% 92%
SS
EU 11% 89%
SS
Asia-Pacific 2% 98%
——
Japan 100%
SS
Latin America 12% 88%
SS
> Worldwide 11% 89%
SS

™ Fresenius Medical Care ™™ Other providers
Source: Company data and estimates

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
58

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

In this respect, the Chinese market is becoming
increasingly important for our business: The Chinese
government has introduced numerous initiatives to
develop a modern healthcare system with corre-
sponding reimbursement structures — an important
prerequisite for opening the market for dialysis ser-
vices to international providers. For the time being,
we will continue to drive our future growth in the
Chinese market primarily through cooperation with
local clinics and management contracts. So far, this
applies to #"" clinics (previous year: -! clinics), which
we provide with dialysis machines and disposable
products.

In the &.’., Fresenius Medical Care together with the
second-largest provider DaVita care for over -") of
all dialysis patients; the level of concentration with
regard to dialysis clinics is therefore already rela-
tively high. In the reporting year, Fresenius Medical
Care maintained its position as market leader, treat-
ing around #(-,""" patients, approximately $- of all
dialysis patients in the &”. (!"#!: around #(",""" pa-
tients, approximately $-)).

Outside the &.’., the dialysis services business is con-
siderably more fragmented: With #,#+" dialysis clinics
and more than #"",""" patients in approximately

+1 countries, Fresenius Medical Care operates the larg-
est and most international network of clinics by far.

Overall, Fresenius Medical Care further consolidated
its position as the clear market leader in the dialysis
services business in the reporting period, treating
!-" #11 dialysis patients 7!"#!: !1-,6#(@ in $, 11" clinics
TI"#t: $,#C'9 in the past year.

Dialysis drugs supplement our range
Usually, patients undergoing dialysis require medica-
tion to counteract anemia and to control their min-
eral metabolism — both of which are consequences
of chronic kidney failure. In !"#$, the market volume
of dialysis drugs amounted to about *8.!GE, based
on data from the market research institution }<’
<i./’® and our own internal estimates. The majority
of this is allotted to a few drug classes. Approxi-
mately *1."GE, representing almost two thirds of
the total market for dialysis drugs, is generated
with erythropoesis-stimulating agents for treating

anemia. We source them from the American com-
pany Amgen and its partners, for example. Phos-
phate binders used to control bone metabolism, on
the other hand, are produced in-house, both for use
in our own dialysis centers as well as for distribution
to third parties. The market volume of phosphate
binders was about *#.+GE in the previous year. We
produce iron compounds for the treatment of ane-
mia as part of a joint venture with Galenica — Vifor
Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. We also
use them in our own clinics and distribute them to
third parties. For the amount of kidney disease the
market volume of intravenous iron compounds such
as these amounted to around *++1< in !"#$.

EVENTS SIGNIFICANT
FOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

Management Board changes

As planned, Rice Powell succeeded Dr. Ben J. Lipps as
Chief Executive O%cer 73459 of Fresenius Medical
Care and Chairman of the Management Board, ef-
fective January #, !"#$. Previously, he served as Vice
Chairman and Member of the Management Board
responsible for the North America region. Further-
more, Ronald Kuerbitz succeeded Rice Powell as
Member of the Management Board responsible for
the North America region, also effective January #,
!"#$. Ronald Kuerbitz joined Fresenius Medical Care
North America in #66-, having held various positions
within the Company and most recently serving as
General Counsel and Chief Administration O%cer
responsible for Market Development and Adminis-
tration. Effective March #, !"#$, Fresenius Medical
Care has expanded its Management Board and has
appointed Dr. Olaf Schermeier as a new Member of
the Management Board with responsibility for our
global research and development activities.

Acquisitions and divestitures
Our investment strategy remained unchanged in
!"#$. We stepped up investments in our future
growth by continually expanding our network of
clinics and product business and by increasing our
production capacities. In particular, we further ex-
panded our service business in the context of our
acquisition activities. In the reporting year, this was

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
59

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

also reflected by our acquisitions budget of about
*{""< the bulk of which was used for the *#1"<
acquisition of the &.’. laboratory services provider
Shiel Medical Laboratory. We completed the acquisi-
tion in November !"#$. Further information about
our investments and acquisitions can be found in
the “Financial situation” section starting on page 66 and
in the “Financial report” starting on page 182.

Financing and capital structure

In the past financial year, Fresenius Medical Care
simplified its capital structure with a mandatory con-
version of the outstanding non-voting preference
shares into ordinary shares at a ratio of #:#. The con-
version was completed on June !8, !"#$ in line with
a resolution approved by the Annual General Meet-
ing in May !"#$. Overall, approximately $.6- < prefer-
ence shares were converted into ordinary shares,
equivalent to around #.$) of the Company's share
capital at the time of the conversion.

Furthermore, Fresenius Medical Care completed a
share buyback program in August of the past finan-
cial year. In total, the Company acquired approxi-
mately -.1< ordinary shares with a total volume of
€$81 < (around *1""<). The program was financed
from cash flow as well as previously agreed credit
lines.

The number of outstanding shares fell by about $.1<
in net terms as a result of the share buyback pro-
gram; it stood at about $"#.+1 < at the end of !"#$.

Business environment

The Company's business environment remained
largely unchanged in many markets in !"#$, as did
the relevant legal frameworks for our business.
However, we are increasingly having to operate in
an environment that does not take su%cient ac-
count of inflation and the resultant cost increases. In
our largest sales market, the &.’., business was
negatively impacted by the automatic budget cuts
(sequestration) of !}) and the associated reductions
in reimbursement rates for dialysis treatment of
state-insured patients. Without these reimburse-
ment cuts, operating income would have been *1(<
higher in the financial year !"#$.

COMPARISON OF THE ACTUAL BUSINESS
RESULTS WITH FORECASTS

Fresenius Medical Care looks back on a satisfactory
fiscal year: We once again were able to sustain our
growth path. We have largely met our targets for !"#$.
At the beginning of the reporting year, we expected
revenue of around *#+.("GE for the financial year
!"#$. In actual fact, we increased revenue by () to
*#+.(#GE. All regions — North America, Europe/Middle
East/Africa, Asia-Pacific and Latin America — contrib-
uted to the expansion in business.

At the beginning of the year, we set a target range
of *##"GE to *#.!"GE for net income. As the year
progressed, we slightly adapted our target for the
financial year !"#$. The top end of the net income
forecast was adjusted from *#.!"GE to *##1GE in
our report on the second quarter of !"#$. At that
time, the previously enforced and controversial &.’.
budget cuts (sequestration) looked unlikely to be
revised again. We generated net income of *#.##GE
in the financial year, within our target range. Com-
pared with last year net income fell by (). But in
our view profitability of Fresenius Medical Care did
not decline. This can be seen in the development of
the net income adjusted for special items. Com-
pared to the adjusted net income of *#."1GE in !"#!
which excludes an investment gain of *#+"<, net
income rose by () in !"#$. Further information
can be found in the “Results of operations” section

starting on page 62.

The expected steady growth of the dividend is re-
flected in our dividend proposal: Subject to approval
by the Annual General Meeting on May #1, !"#+, the
dividend per ordinary share will increase by $) to
€".-- 71"#t: €".-19. More information on the dividend
proposal can be found in the “Dividend continuity”
Section on page 32.

We earmarked around *-""< for capital expendi-
tures and around *1"" < for acquisitions in !"#$. We
remained within our target and used *-!8< for cap-
ital expenditures (net) — corresponding to 1.") of
revenue — and *+-8< for acquisitions less divesti-
tures. For further information, see the “Financial sit-
uation” section starting on page 66.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
60

2.2

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

Driven by earnings development and ongoing excel-
lent management of accounts receivables, net cash
provided by operating activities in !"#$ was *!."$GE.
At #$.6) of revenue, it was therefore well above the
target of #") of revenue.

According to our forecast, the leverage ratio (de-
fined as the ratio of total financial debt to earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortiza-
tion =debt/4GiC ./ ratio) should have been not above
$." by the end of !"#$. The actual debt/4GiC./ ratio
was !.8 as at the reporting date, and therefore also
developed better as predicted.

The number of employees at Fresenius Medical Care
(full-time equivalents) grew from 8(,#1$ at the end
of !"#! to 6",(6" at the end of !"#$, reaching our
forecasted figure of more than 6",""". The Company's
organic growth and acquisitions, especially in North
America, were key contributing factors.

Research and development expenditures aimed at
boosting and enhancing Fresenius Medical Care’s
ability to adapt to future requirements amounted to
*#1(<, not quite meeting our target of around

*#+" <. This discrepancy was mainly due to delays
in hemodialysis and pharmaceutical projects. Our re-
search and development activities are focused on
further developing existing product groups. Details
can be found in the “Research and development”
chapter starting on page 72.

The dialysis market developed as we had predicted:
The number of patients worldwide grew by around
-). As expected, there were no significant changes
compared to the previous year concerning the allo-
cation of dialysis patients to different treatment
methods. Hemodialysis continued to be by far the
most important method used to treat chronic kid-
ney failure in !"#$. For further information, see the
“Dialysis market” section starting on page 51.

THE MANAGEMENT'S GENERAL
ASSESSMENT OF BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

Performance in the financial year !"#$ was satisfac-
tory: We achieved our targets and continued on our
growth path. Despite the di%cult general conditions
— particularly the reimbursement cuts in one of our

— 7. 2.2.15 Targets and results for 2013
Target
Results 2013 Targets 2013. achieved
Revenue $14.61 BN >$14.6BN v
Bottom end of the range
Net income! $1.11BN of $1.10BN to $1.15BN v
+3% per ordinary share Based on development of
Dividend? to €0.77 earnings v
nvestments, net $728M ~$700M v
Acquisitions, net $478M ~$500M v
Debt/EBITDA ratio 2.8 < 3.0 v
Number of employees 90,690 > 90,000 v
Research and development expenses $126M ~$140M

# Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co.
$ Proposal to be approved by the Annual General Meeting on May 15, 2014.

KGaA.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013

61

2.2
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

most important markets, the &.”. — we set a new
revenue record of *#+.(#GE (up () on !"#!). At the
same time, we also improved our global market po-
sition. With the revenue growth attained at regional
level, we have also consolidated our local market
positions.

In addition, Fresenius Medical Care continued to
boost its profitability in the year under review. We
believe that performance is best reflected by net in-
come adjusted for special items. Compared with
I"#l) net income attributable to shareholders of
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA rose by () to
*###GE. However, we did not maintain the same
pace of growth as previous years in !"#$. The effects
of government cuts will have a more pronounced
impact on our earnings in !"#+. Consequently, we
will progress with our existing measures to improve
e%ociency.

Our investing activities are continuing apace. We
again spent more than *#.!GE on investments in-
cluding acquisitions in !"#$. Expansion of our service
business and production capacity accounted for the
bulk of this. In !"#+, our investing activities are likely
to increase even further, amounting to around
*# $GE. We are confident that we can achieve a stra-
tegic positioning for the Company that will allow us
to successfully continue on our growth path in the
longer term.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
62

CHAPTER 2.3

Results of operations,
financial situation, assets and liabilities

The financial year 2013 was very successful:
We achieved sound results despite challenging market conditions.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Revenue

In the year under review, Fresenius Medical Care in-
creased its revenue by () to *#+.(#GE, also corre-
sponding to a () growth rate in constant currency
terms. The organic revenue growth amounted to 1),
while acquisitions (net) accounted for #) of reve-
nue growth. Revenue from dialysis services rose by
() (+-) ona constant currency basis) to *#.#$GE.
Revenue from dialysis products was up 1) to
*$.+8GE. On a constant currency basis, the increase
was also 1).

Revenue in North America, still our most important
business region with a share of ((), was *6.(#GE in
!"#$, () above the *6."$GE generated in the previ-
ous year. The organic revenue growth amounted to
+), while acquisitions (net) accounted for !) of

revenue growth. Revenue from dialysis services im-
proved by - ) to *8.--GE in !"#$ 7!"#!: *8.!$GE9. Rev-
enue from dialysis products increased by +) to
*BS4< TI"#L: * 8" <d.

Revenue in the International segment, which in-
cludes all regions outside North America, improved
by 1) to *+.6-GE (+() at constant currency) in !"#$.
Acquisitions (net) had the positive effect to increase
revenue by #), while organic growth was 1). Reve-
nue from dialysis services in the International seg-
ment grew by +) over the previous year to *!.$(GE.
In constant currency terms, this represents an in-
crease of -). Revenue from dialysis products rose by
1) to *!.(#GE in !"#!, corresponding to 1) growth
in constant currency terms.

At the end of !"#$, we operated $,!1" dialysis clinics,
$) more than !"#!. We treated !-"#!! dialysis

T.2.3.1 Revenue by segment
in $M
Acquisitions/
Exchange Organic divestitures
2013 2012 Change rate effects growth (net)
North America
Dialysis products 834 801 4% 0% 4% 0%
Dialysis services 8,772 8,230 7% 0% 4% 3%
> Total 9,606 9,031 6% 0% 4% 2%
International
Dialysis products 2,612 2,478 5% 0% 5% 0%
Dialysis services 2,358 2,262 4% -3% 6% 1%
> Total 4,970 4,740 5% -1% 5% 1%
Worldwide
Dialysis products? 3,480 3,308 5% 0% 5% 0%
Dialysis services 11,130 10,492 6% -1% 5% 2%
> Total 14,610 13,800 6% 0% 5% 1%

# Including revenue generated by corporate functions in the amount of $ 34 M for 2013 and $ 29 M for 2012.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
63

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

patients in the year under review, an increase of 1).
The number of treatments rose by 1) to around
+".+(< in the reporting year.

The largest business region in the International seg-
ment is Europe/Middle East/Africa 74<4/$. Here, rev-
enue rose by 1) to *$."!GE in the past financial year.
On a constant currency basis, revenue was up $).
The region’s share of total revenue was !#) 7!"#!:
!#)9. By the end of !"#$, we were treating 1#,1+#
patients in ($! dialysis facilities, over !,("" patients
or 1) more than twelve months before. In !"#$, we
generated revenue of *#.+#GE from dialysis services
in this region, up 1) over the preceding year. In con-
stant currency terms, this represents a +) increase.
Revenue from dialysis products totaled *#.(!GE, up
+) year-on-year. In constant currency terms, we
posted revenue growth of !).

Revenue in the Latin America region increased by
1) to *8+$< (#1) based on constant currencies).
The share of total revenue was unchanged from the
previous year at (). Revenue from dialysis services
grew by 1) (+#-) in constant currency terms) to
*186 <. Revenue from dialysis products amounted
to *!1+<, an increase of $) compared to the pre-
vious year (+6) in constant currency terms). By the
end of !"#$, more than !6,""" patients were re-
ceiving dialysis treatments in the !$# clinics in this
business region.

The Asia-Pacific region recorded an increase in reve-
nue of () to *##"GE. This corresponds to 8) reve-
nue growth based on constant currencies. The share
of total revenue of this region fell from 8) in !"#! to
-) in !"#$. Revenue from dialysis services fell by !}
(+!) on a constant currency basis) to *$($<. Reve-
nue from dialysis products rose by #") (+#!) ona
constant currency basis) to *-+#<. By the end of
!"#$, we were treating almost #8,""" patients in
'1+ dialysis facilities.

Earnings
Operating income (EBIT)
Earnings before interest and taxes 14G3C) rose by !)
to *!.'(GE in !"#$.

In North America, operating income improved by #)
to *#.(!GE in !"#$. The operating income margin de-
creased from #-.6) in !"#! to #(.6) in !"#$.

In the International segment, operating income was
up () to *818< in !"#$ compared with *8"6< in
I"#!. At #.$), the operating margin was slightly
higher than the previous year’s figure of #-#).

Corporate costs increased in the course of !"#$, as
expected, particularly due to the higher legal and
consultancy fees. The total corporate operating ex-
penditures amounted to *!!(< in !"#$, after *!"1<
in U"#t.

T. 2.3.2 Revenue by region
in $M

Percentage
of total
2013 2012 Change revenue
North America 9,606 9,031 6% 66%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 3,023 2,893 5% 21%
Latin America 843 804 5% 6%
Asia-Pacific 1,104 1,043 6% 7%
Corporate 34 29 15% 0%
> Total 14,610 13,800 6% 100%

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Net income
Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA fell by () to *###GE in
the financial year !"#$. Excluding an investment gain
of *#+"< in !"#!, net income rose by () from
*#"'1GE to “#.##GE (in !"#$).

Gross profit
Gross profit in !"#$ amounted to *+.-+GE, up $)
compared to !"#!. The gross profit margin declined
from $$.$ to $!.+). The decrease in the margin is
largely due to the lower gross profit margin in North
America.

Selling, general and administrative expenses rose by
8) to *!.$6GE 7!"#!: * 1 11GE9 and from #(# to #(.+)
as a percentage of revenues.

Depreciation totaled *(+8< in !"#$ compared with
* "$< in !"#!. Depreciation as a percentage of reve-
nue remained unchanged at +.+).

Research and development expenses increased from
*Htl< in I"#! to *#!(< as a result of the constant
enhancement of existing product groups.

T. 2.3.3 Patients
2013 2012 Change
North America 171,440 164,554 4%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 51,541 48,902 5%
Latin America 29,272 26,956 9%
Asia-Pacific 17,869 17,504 2%
> Total 270,122 257,916 5%
7.2.3.4 Treatments
2013 2012 Change
North America 25.66 24.41 5%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 7.73 7.49 3%
Latin America 4.42 4.10 8%
Asia-Pacific 2.65 2.59 2%
> Total 40.46 38.59 5%
7.2.3.5 Clinics
2013 2012 Change
North America 2,133 2,082 2%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 632 608 4%
Latin America 231 225 3%
Asia-Pacific 254 245 4%
> Total 3,250 3,160 3%

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Net interest
Net interest expenses in !"#$ amounted to *+"6<,
after *+!(< in !"#!. This development mainly
stemmed from the reduction of the average debt as
well as lower interest rates as a result of the expiry
of interest-rate swaps and of one-time costs related
to the !"#! credit agreement in !"#!.

Detailed information can be found in the “Financial
situation” section starting on page 66 and in the “Finan-
cial report” starting on page 180.

Tax rate
Income tax in the year under review amounted to
*16!<, compared to *("1<in !"#!. This corresponds
to an effective tax rate of $!."), after $#.$) in !"#!.

Basic earnings per ordinary share

Basic earnings per share 74;7§ fell by () in !"#$ to
*$.(1, compared with *$.86 in !"#!. Excluding the
investment gain of *#"< in !"#!, basic earnings
per share rose by () from *$.+$ to *$.(1. The av-
erage weighted number of shares outstanding in
!"#$ was around $"$.8< 7!"#!: $"1.#<). The de-
crease in the number of shares outstanding re-
sulted from the share buyback program, which
was completed in August !"#$ as scheduled. This
was partly offset by the exercise of stock options
in the past twelve months. Details on how basic
earnings per share are derived can be found in the
“Financial report” on page 242.

T. 2.3.6 Operating income (EBIT)
in $M
2013 2012 Change
North America 1,624 1,615 1%
International 858 809 6%
Corporate (226) (205) 10%
> Total 2,256 2,219 2%
T.2.3.7 Condensed statement of income
in $M
2013 2012 Change
Revenue 14,610 13,800 6%
Cost of revenue 9,872 9,199 7%
> Gross profit 4,738 4,601 3%
In % of revenue 32.4 33.3 -
> Operating income (EBIT) 2,256 2,219 2%
Investment gain 0 140 -
Interest expense, net 409 426 -4%
» Earnings before taxes 1,847 1,933 -4%
> Net income! 1,110 1,187 -6%

# Net income attributable to the shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
66

2.3

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Value added statement

The value added statement reflects Fresenius Medical
Care’s total economic output in !"#$. All outlays,
such as the consumption by value of purchased
goods and services, as well as depreciation and
amortization have been deducted from the Company’s
performance. The value added of Fresenius Medical
Care in !"#$ was *-.1"GE, up $) from *-.!-GE in
"#1. The bulk of this, (6) or *1.!"GE, was paid to
staff, while 8 or *16!< went to the public sector.
Lenders partook of around *++8< or (). The share-
holders and other partners received around () or
*+14+<. *8"!< from the value added remained in the
Company for reinforcement of the business.

Order situation

Just under three-quarters of Fresenius Medical Care’s
business model involves services that are not de-
fined by project-related incoming orders. Product
business, which chiefly consists of single-use prod-
ucts, is mainly characterized by consistent long-term
demand rather than product-related orders. For
these reasons, reporting of the order volume is not
an informative indicator for the income develop-
ment of Fresenius Medical Care.

FINANCIAL SITUATION

Our investment and financing strategy did not
change substantially in the past financial year. This is
also due to our business model, which is based on
stable and high cash flows, allowing a more consis-
tent and higher level of debt than might be the case
in other industries. We still regard our refinancing
options as being very stable and flexible. In the cur-
rent financial year, the focus of our investing activi-
ties is on our dialysis services business.

Principles and objectives of

financial management
Besides optimizing our financial costs, financial flex-
ibility takes top priority in Fresenius Medical Care’s
financing strategy. The Company ensures this flexi-
bility by using a wide range of financial instruments
and securing a high level of diversification with re-
gard to our investors and banks. Our financing pro-
file is characterized by a wide spread of maturities
up to !"!I.

The main financing instrument is the syndicated
credit agreement with a revolving credit facility and
a long-term loan. In addition, we use several other

T. 2.3.8 Value added statement
in $M
2013 2012

Creation

Company output 14,668 100% 13,839 100%
Outlays (6,525) -44% (5,962) -43%
Gross value added 8,143 56% 7,877 57%
Depreciation and amortization (648) -4% (603) -4%
> Net value added 7,495 52% 7,274 53%
Utilization’

Staff 5,199 69% 4,872 67%
Public sector 592 8% 605 8%
Lenders 448 6% 470 7%
Shareholders and other partners 454 6% 436 6%
Company 802 11% 891 12%
> Net value added 7,495 100% 7,274 100%

# Assuming the distribution of 2013 profits is approved by the Annual General Meeting on May 15, 2014.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
67

2.3

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

mid and long-term financing instruments, mainly in-
cluding senior, unsecured notes in euro and &.’. dol-
lar and to a lesser extent, senior, unsecured euro
notes with fixed-rate and floating-rate tranches.

With only partially drawn credit facilities and our ac-
counts receivable, we have su%cient financial re-
sources. Our target for committed and unutilized
credit facilities is between *$""< and <. Our
main !"#+ financing needs are the principal pay-
ments under the syndicated credit agreement and
repayment of a loan from the European Investment
Bank, each totaling approximately *!""<, as well as
the dividend payment estimated at *$!"< and a
payment of around *#""< for settlement of insol-
vency proceedings. These payments are to be fi-
nanced from the cash flow and existing credit facili-
ties, and possibly by incurring additional debts.

ayen

In our long-term financial planning, we focus pri-
marily on the leverage ratio, defined as the debt/
4GiC./ ratio. This sets our total financial debt in rela-
tion with our earnings before interest, taxes, depre-
ciation and amortization 74GiC./9. Fresenius Medical
Care holds a strong position in the growing dialysis
sector, which is considered in general non-cyclical.

This industry is characterized by relatively stable cash
flows. Our market position is further supported by a
high creditworthiness of most of our customers. A
substantial portion of our accounts receivables are
generated by governmental healthcare institutions.
While payment and collection practices vary not
only between countries but also between individual
authorities, governmental payors usually represent a
lower to moderate credit risk. This allows us a more
consistent and higher level of debt than may be the
case in other industries. At the end of !"#$, the debt/
4GiC./ ratio remained unchanged at !.8$ in compar-
ison to the previous year. Further information on this
can be found in the “Strategy, objectives, and corpo-
rate management” section starting on page 44 as Well as
the “Outlook” chapter starting on page 121.

For detailed information on financing, please see the
“Financial report” starting on page 180 and the “Outlook”
chapter starting on page 121.

T.2.3.9 Major financing instruments of Fresenius Medical Care

Amount in M Coupon Maturity
Credit agreement revolving facility ~$1,290 - October 30, 2017
Credit agreement term loan A $2,6001 - October 30, 2017
Senior notes 2010-2016 €250 5.50% uly 15, 2016

3-month-Euribor

Senior notes 2011-2016 €100 +3.50% October 15, 2016
Senior notes 2007-2017 $500 6.875% July 15, 2017
Senior notes 2011-2018 $400 6.50% September 15, 2018
Senior notes 2011-2018 €400 6.50% September 15, 2018
Senior notes 2011-2021 $650 5.75% February 15, 2021
Senior notes 2011-2021 €300 5.25% February 15, 2021
Senior notes 2012-2019 €250 5.25% July 31, 2019
Senior notes 2012-2019 $800 5.625% July 31, 2019
Senior notes 2012-2022 $700 5.875% January 31, 2022
Euro notes €451 - October 27, 2014
Accounts receivable facility $800 - January 15, 2016

# Original amount before amortization.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
68

2.3

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Credit rating
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services confirmed Fresenius
Medical Care’s corporate credit of “GG+” and gave a
“positive” outlook. The rating from Moody's remains
“Ba#" with a “stable” outlook. Fitch is currently re-
viewing its rating for the Company.

Effect of off-balance-sheet financing
instruments on our financial situation and assets
and liabilities
Fresenius Medical Care is not involved in any off-bal-
ance-sheet transactions that could have or will be
likely to materially affect the Company's financial
situation, profit and loss position, liquidity, invest-

ments, assets or capitalization.

Liquidity analysis

Our main sources of liquidity are our net cash pro-
vided by operating activities and credits granted by
third parties, as well as the use of other financing
instruments as required. We need these resources
primarily to finance working capital, to fund acquisi-
tions, to build, expand and equip our own dialysis
centers and production facilities, and to repay debt
and to pay dividends. For detailed information on
liquidity, please see the “Financial report” starting on
page 180.

-— T. 2.3.10

Credit rating

17 consecutive dividend increase
Fresenius Medical Care will propose the Annual Gen-
eral Meeting the #-"" consecutive dividend increase.
The recommended dividend per ordinary share is ex-
pected to increase by $) from €".-1 for !"#! to €".--
for !"#$. The total dividend payout expected will
amount to approximately €!$! < 7!"#!: €!1$" <9. For
further information on dividends, please refer to the
“Dividend continuity” section on page 32.

Capital expenditures and acquisitions
In !"#$, Fresenius Medical Care spent *#.!#GE on
capital expenditures, acquisitions and the purchase
of intangible assets. *--#< of this was spent in the
North America segment, *!(8< in the International
segment and *#(- < for corporate functions.

Total net investment in property, plant and equip-
ment was *-!8<, up from *(((< the year before. A
large portion of capital expenditures — *++-< — con-
cerned equipping existing and new clinics. In addi-
tion, *#((< was invested in the maintenance and
expansion of production capacity, primarily in Ger-
many, North America, France and China. *#$1< was
spent for the equipment of distribution companies.
This includes amongst others the capitalization of
dialysis machines provided to customers — mainly in

Senior Senior

secured unsecured
Corporate credit rating Outlook debt debt

2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2013 2013 2013
Standard & Poor's BB+ BB+ BB BB BB Positive BBB— BB+
Moody's Bal Bal Bal Bal Bal Stable Baa3 Ba2
Fitch? BB+ BB+ BB+ BB BB Positive BBB— BB+

# Fitch is currently reviewing its rating for the Company.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
69

2.3

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

the International segment. A small amount of *!"<
was generated by divestitures. Capital expenditures
in property, plant and equipment amounted to some
1) of overall revenue, at the same level as in the
previous year.

+1) of net investments were used for expansion ac-
tivities, while 11) were spent on maintaining exist-
ing production sites and dialysis clinics.

In geographical terms, 1#) of our net investments
were made in North America, followed by corporate
functions with !$), Europe with #6), Asia-Pacific
with +) and Latin America with $).

In !"#$, *+6(< was spent on acquisitions primarily
related to the purchasing of dialysis clinics and the
business of Shiel Medical Laboratory in the &.’. as
well as the granting of an investment-type loan as
credit facility. *+#!< of this sum is related to the
North America segment, *8!< to the International
segment and *! < to corporate functions.

r- T. 2.3.11

Net investments and acquisitions by segment
in $M

Cash flow analysis

Our consolidated statement of cash flows gives an
insight into how our Company has generated and
used cash and cash equivalents (cash flow). In con-
junction with the other main components of the
consolidated financial statements, the consolidated
statement of cash flows provides information that
helps to assess the changes to our net assets and our
financial structure (including liquidity and solvency).

Net cash provided by operating activities was almost
unchanged from the previous year at *!."$GE in
!"#$. Cash flows were used for investing activities
(expenditures and acquisitions). A detailed descrip-
tion of additional factors is presented in the “Finan-
cial report” starting on page 180.

In !"#$, we observed some regional differences in
the payment patterns of our customers. The days
sales outstanding, in other words the number of
days that pass before customers settle outstand-
ing invoices of Fresenius Medical Care, decreased

4% Asia-Pacific >
3% Latin America >

19% Europe/Middle East/Africa >

23 % Corporate >

Of which acquisi- Absolute

Of which tions /intangible change

property, plant assets and other Of which compared to

2013 2012 and equipment investments divestitures 2012
North America 771 1,914 374 412 15 (1,143)
International 268 192 189 82 3 76
Corporate 167 175 165 2 0 (8)
> Total 1,206 2,281 728 496 18 (1,075)

rp C. 2.3.12 ——

Net investments in property, plant and equipment by regions

51% North America

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
70

2.3

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

significantly once again in the year under review.
The days sales outstanding in the North America
segment were reduced by a further two days in !"#$.
In the International segment, the improved payment
behavior of individual European countries has con-
tributed essentially to a decline in days sales out-
standing of five days. The high days sales outstand-
ing in this segment compared to the North America
segment mainly reflect the average payment delays
by government and private entities.

In the year under review, we achieved a free cash
flow of *#.$#GE compared to *#.$-GE in !"#!. Taking
account of payments for acquisitions (net of divesti-
tures) of *+-8< 7!"#!: *#,(#1 <3, we achieved a free
cash flow after acquisitions and divestitures of
*816 < compared to *-!+!< in the previous year.

For further information, please see the “Capital ex-
penditures and acquisitions” section starting on page 68.

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

We recorded an increase in total assets and im-
proved our asset situation once again in the year un-
der review. The key balance sheet indicators reflect
our sustainable growth and successful performance.

Balance sheet structure analysis
The Group's total assets increased by +) year-on-
year to *!$.#!GE. The growth rate on a constant cur-
rency basis was also +).

-— T. 2.3.13 Days sales outstanding
in days, December 31
2013 2012 Change
North America 53 55 -2
International 110 115 -5
> Total 73 76 -3
— T.2.3.14 Abbreviated statement of cash flow!
in $M
2013 2012 Change
Cash at the beginning of the year 688 457 50%
Net cash provided by operating activities 2,035 2,039 0%
Net cash provided by investing activities (1,206) (2,281) -47%
Net cash provided by financing activities (808) 468 -
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (26) 5 -
Cash at the end of the year 683 688 -1%
Free cash flow 1,307 1,373 5%
# A detailed representation can be found in the Financial report starting on page 198.
p- €. 2.3.15 Net cash provided by operating activities
in $M
2013 2,035
a
2012 2,039
ed

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
71

2.3

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Non-current assets rose by +) (++) on a constant
currency basis) to *#(.8$GE at the end of !"#$. This
corresponds to approximately -$) of the Group's
total assets. The increase in non-current assets in
absolute terms is mainly attributable to acquisitions
and capital expenditures.

Non-current assets include goodwill of *##.((GE
(previous year: *##.+!GE), primarily from the acquisi-
tion of Renal Care Group, Inc. in !""( and the acqui-
sition of Liberty Dialysis Holdings, Inc. in !"#! as well
as the founding of Fresenius Medical Care in #66(.
Property, plant and equipment increased by 1) to
*$."6GE in the year under review, largely as a result
of capital expenditures. Further information can be
found in the “Capital expenditures and acquisitions”
Section starting on page 68.

Current assets increased by $) (+$) ona constant
currency basis) to *(.!6GE at the end of !"#$. The
main reason for this development was the ()
increase in inventory, which was primarily attribut-
able to the Group's business growth. Further informa-
tion can be found in the “Financial situation” section

starting on page 66.

On the liability side of the balance sheet, equity in-
creased by $) to *6.+6GE as of year-end !"#$. This
was primarily due to the net profit for the period,
the exercise of stock options and the additional
payment for the conversion of preference shares
into ordinary shares. The equity base was reduced
by the acquisition of treasury shares and the divi-
dend payment for !"#!, as well as foreign-currency
translation adjustments and the fair value measure-
ment of minority interests of other shareholders
with put options. The equity ratio was unchanged
year-on-year at +#).

Liabilities increased by +) (+$) on a constant
currency basis) to *#$.($GE. Financial liabilities
amounted to *8.+!GE after *8.$"GE in the previous
year. Of this figure, *".(-GE related to current finan-
cial liabilities 7!"#!: *".+(GE9. Non-current financial
liabilities amounted to *-.-1GE after *-.8+GE in the
previous year. -!) of financial liabilities were &.’.
dollar-denominated compared with -$) in the pre-
vious year.

Further information can be found in the “Financial
report” starting on page 180 and page 196.

 T. 2.3.16 Balance sheet structure
in$M
As % As %
2013 of total assets 2012 of total assets
Assets

Non-current assets 16,833 73% 16,199 73%
Accounts receivable 3,190 14% 3,157 14%
Inventories 1,097 5% 1,037 5%
Other assets 2,000 8% 1,933 8%
Current assets 6,287 27% 6,127 27%
> Total assets 23,120 100% 22,326 100%

Equity and liabilities
Equity 9,485 41% 9,207 41%
Non-current liabilities? 10,081 44% 9,949 45%
Current liabilities 3,554 15% 3,170 14%
Liabilities 13,635 59% 13,119 59%
> Total equity and liabilities 23,120 100% 22,326 100%

# Including minority interests of other shareholders with put options.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
72

CHAPTER 2.4

Research and development

Developing new products and improving our dialysis treatments
are integral parts of our growth strategy. Our employees in the Research
and Development department (R&D) also benefit from direct access
to the opinions and experience of patients and experts at our own dialysis
centers. In the year under review, we restructured our R&D department,
enabling us to leverage this potential even further and promote the
exchange of knowledge and technology between different regions even
more systematically.

GLOBAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
STRATEGY

We sell our products in more than #!" countries
around the world. The market conditions in some of
these countries vary considerably. Fresenius Medical
Care successfully takes this disparity into account
with its differentiated product range. Our familiarity
with the specific features of our markets helps us to
create trust and build rapport with our patients. Our
?@- teams also benefit from this: As our product
development is decentralized, we can address re-
gional requirements quickly.

However, chronic kidney failure is fast becoming a
global problem, leading to growing demand for im-
proved, high-quality yet cost-e%cient treatment
methods. For our ?@. teams around the world, this
increasingly results in synergies that we intend to
leverage even more e%ciently in future. To account
for this trend, we restructured our research and de-
velopment organization in the !"#$ financial year.
This involved expanding the Management Board to
include a member responsible for research and de-
velopment and pooling our global ?@~ activities.
The aim is to build a global ?@~ function that e%-
ciently develops compelling products for the inter-
national market. We will do this in three steps:

Step 1: global portfolio management
The newly formed worldwide ?@-. organization in-
corporating global portfolio management will en-
able us to focus our development pipeline increas-
ingly on growth areas and markets. In !"#$, based
on the new portfolio management process, we took
major decisions to apply the technologies developed

in the European ?@~ centers to the product require-
ments in developing countries in a more targeted
Way.

Step 2: global product platforms

By managing product development globally and
creating a modular assembly system, we aim to
standardize the basic functions of our therapy sys-
tems at an international level. At the same time, this
will enable us to respond to local requirements with
suitably adapted end products. In this way, we in-
tend to reduce development times and achieve
economies of scale in purchasing. This step also al-
lows us to pool our development resources more
effectively for innovations and technological devel-
opments. The standardized platform architecture
comprises mechatronic assemblies such as blood
pumps and sensors, as well as software.

Step 3: global project management and global
development processes

By introducing globally applicable project manage-
ment standards, structures and development pro-
cesses, we will be able to make our project man-
agement even more efficient. For example, we
intend to split responsibility for completing the var-
ious development projects on time and on budget
among our different treatment areas. Another ele-
ment of this optimization process will be to involve
other operating units, including marketing and pro-
duction, more closely in the development process
to ensure a smooth transition to production for
newly developed products, for example. By bun-
dling activities such as process management and
technical documentation worldwide, we also aim to
contribute to continuously improving efficiency.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
73

2.4

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

THE FOUR CORE AREAS
OF OUR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Our activities in the area of research and develop-
ment focused on the following four major trends in
the past year:

» Advances in medicine and technology:

Dialysis has only been available as a standard treat-
ment for chronic kidney failure for only about
1" years. However, we are finding out more and
more about the complex interactions and concomi-
ant effects that occur with kidney failure. At the
same time, the technological possibilities for treat-
ing patients are also improving. Our ?@- is geared
owards quickly turning new findings into mar-
ket-ready products, enabling us to offer patients
gentler, safer and more individual treatment. Our
echnological developments in the year under re-
view focused on the area of information technology.
The aim is to find technologies to gradually reduce
he size of products and simplify their use, on the
one hand, and to integrate various treatment ele-
ments to create holistic therapy systems on the
other. Another focus is on enhancing our dialyzers
and other disposable products for both hemodialysis
and acute treatment. We are also working on prom-
ising methods such as sorbent technology for treat-
ing the dialysis solution.

> Sustained growth in patient numbers:

More people now suffer from chronic kidney failure
than ever. It is estimated that by !"!", there will be
around $.8< kidney patients worldwide. This devel-
opment is exacerbated by the increase in the num-
ber of people suffering from diseases such as high
blood pressure and diabetes — typical precursors of
kidney failure that are becoming more and more
common due to factors such as a lack of exercise, an
unhealthy diet, or obesity. This results in a higher
cost burden for healthcare systems and limited avail-
ability of trained personnel for dialysis centers. This
again boosts demand for home therapies such as
peritoneal dialysis and home hemodialysis. These
therapy areas as well as associated technologies and
products are therefore a key aspect of our ?@- ac-
tivities. Treatment at home provides patients who

are suited to it with greater freedom in their daily
lives and helps to free up the limited capacity in di-
alysis clinics. In the year under review, a core area of
our ?@- work was the development of home hemo-
dialysis systems with the aim of integrating them
into the daily lives of home dialysis patients as far as
possible while continuing to guarantee an optimum
treatment quality and length of treatment. One im-
portant aspect of this is making the systems smaller
and easier to transport, while another is significantly
reducing the amount of water required. The size and
complexity of the treatment systems is a particular
challenge here. Thanks to their low water consump-
tion, our new solutions are extremely resource-e%-
cient and flexible and can be used almost anywhere,
giving home dialysis patients maximum indepen-
dence and mobility.

> Increase in concomitant diseases:

Patients with chronic kidney failure are getting
older. This is partly because society is aging overall
and the risk of suffering from end-stage renal dis-
ease increases with age. Another reason is that ad-
vances in medicine are raising the life expectancy
of kidney patients. The older patients are, however,
the greater the likelihood of concomitant diseases
occurring, for example severe cardiac and vascular
conditions. Based on their growing prevalence and
new scientific insights, these are increasingly be-
coming a focal point of our research and develop-
ment: We are are stepping up our work on diag-
nostic and therapy systems that go beyond dialysis
itself.

> Rising cost pressure in healthcare:

An aging population, the spread of chronic illnesses,
and the aspiration to offer new or improved tech-
nologies in patient care all present major long-term
financial challenges to healthcare systems. Even
more reason for Fresenius Medical Care to abide
by a principle that is also specified in our internal
research guidelines: Innovations not only have to
be of a high quality, but they must also be afford-
able so that patients can benefit from them. Based
on our experience in operating our own dialysis
clinics, we do not consider these to be incompati-
ble demands.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
74

2.4

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS IN 2013

We pressed ahead with enhancing our products
once more in !"#$ as well as introducing and further
establishing several major innovations in our mar-
kets. Examples of key products are the 1""8 Cordiax
therapy system as well as the 1""8 and &.”. !""8:
platforms for home hemodialysis. These develop-
ments are in line with greater efforts to move hemo-
dialysis treatment to the patient's home environ-
ment whenever possible both on medical and
economic grounds. The products introduced by
Fresenius Medical Care for this purpose are designed
to meet the increased requirements of this treat-
ment environment in terms of patient safety and
user guidance.

With the launch of the biBag for the !""8C hemodi-
alysis device, a dry bicarbonate concentrate that dis-
solves in the device, we have contributed to further
improving dialysis treatment: The biBag makes rou-
tines in hemodialysis more e%cient while increasing
patient safety during treatment because it prevents
confusion between the concentrates used.

Furthermore, we have introduced process enhance-
ments and improvements in the area of high-volume
M.A. Our aim here is to make the positive effects of
this treatment method, which are now clinically
proven, accessible to even more patients.

Fresenius Medical Care was again recognized for its
innovative products last year. For example, the busi-
ness magazine Forbes included us in its list of the
world’s most innovative companies for the third
time in a row, while Fresenius Medical Care was
hailed as one of the most important technology
companies in the healthcare industry in the Spanish
trade press.

RESULTS OF OUR CLINICAL RESEARCH

In addition to developing new products and proce-
dures and continuously enhancing existing ones, we
are also active in relevant areas of clinical research
such as chronic kidney failure in the broadest sense
and technologically related blood purification proce-
dures.

In !"#$, we again undertook clinical studies to exam-
ine the automatic regulation of the electrolyte bal-
ance. The overall electrolyte balance of the human
body and the individual electrolyte concentrations in
the various bodily fluids and tissues are hugely sig-
nificant for the functioning of the entire organism.
In healthy people, the natural kidney assumes the
complex task of regulating this; in patients with
end-stage renal disease, dialysis has to perform this
function. Particularly in hemodialysis, where the di-
alysis solution is continuously being produced by a
dialysis machine, it is possible to influence these pro-
cesses favorably by adapting the dialysis solution
accordingly. The underlying issues are extremely
complex, and we need to test these thoroughly in
clinical studies before we can offer an automated
method of this kind as a routine procedure to aid
physicians. We are currently performing clinical tests
on such a procedure.

Another focus of our clinical studies at present is
peritoneal dialysis 7;.9 and especially overhydration,
which affects over half of 5. patients. In a study that
we published in !"#$, we demonstrated that active
fluid management has many benefits for patients: It
increases their survival rate, reduces the number and
duration of hospital stays, and improves the mainte-
nance of residual renal function. In the area of he-
modialysis, our Body Composition Monitor 1G3<$
analysis system is already an integral part of therapy

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
75

2.4

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

and enables us to determine the individual fluid sta-
tus and body composition of each patient. The pub-
lished study shows that the G3< can also be used to
improve fluid management in ;. patients, thus in-
creasing their life expectancy.

In another study, we are assessing the benefits of a
low-sodium ;. solution for patients with high blood
pressure compared to a conventional solution al-
ready available on the market. The aim is to reduce
high blood pressure and improve the sodium and
water balance in the body. High blood pressure and
sodium and water deposits are typical concomitant
effects in ;- patients.

EXTENDING COOPERATION IN RESEARCH

We work with universities and research institutes
around the world that operate in our specialist field.
One example is the Danube University Krems in
Austria, where we have funded research into extra-
corporeal blood purification processes with sorbents
for some !" years. This long-standing partnership
with an excellent team of specialists was ultimately
one of the reasons why we decided to invest further
in our Krems facility.

We also maintain close contact with research insti-
tutes in the &.’., where our cooperation partners
include renowned universities as well as the Renal
Research Institute 7278). The ??8 was founded in #66-
as a joint venture between Fresenius Medical Care
North America and the Beth Israel Medical Center, a
hospital in New York. Today, as a wholly-owned en-
tity, it is a leading institute in the field of clinical
treatment and research into chronic kidney failure.
Together, we are working on some fundamental is-
sues related to dialysis treatment. These include the
complex causes of kidney disease, particular aspects

of treating children with kidney disease, or issues
such as fluid management in dialysis patients or the
effects of kidney disease on the natural acid-base
balance in the human body.

Our ?@. projects are mainly carried out by our own
employees and research departments. So far, we have
only used third-party services for these purposes to a
small extent. In collaborating with national and inter-
national universities and other scientific institutions,
we use various financing models. Some of our re-
search alliances are also publicly funded.

RISE IN R&D EXPENDITURE

In the year under review, Fresenius Medical Care
spent a total of around *#!(< on research and de-
velopment 7!"#!: *#!<. Similar to previous years,
?@- expenditure corresponded to around +) of our
dialysis product revenue and slightly less than #) of
our total revenue.

At the end of !"#$, our patent portfolio comprised
some 1,1(" property rights in approximately 86" pat-
ent families, i.e. groups of patents linked to an in-
vention. Our development work in the year under
review produced around 81 additional patent fami-
lies, including in the areas of extracorporeal treat-
ment methods and water balance management.
Fresenius Medical Care is working on an ongoing
basis on innovative, multifunctional blood cassettes
that could be used in extracorporeal treatment
methods to significantly improve their handling, pa-
tient safety and therapeutic effectiveness in the fu-
ture. This area is also the subject of research by com-
petitors. Having a broad portfolio of patents
— regardless of whether they have already been con-
verted into products — will give us a wide range of
options in future. Another therapeutic topic with a

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
76

2.4
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

very high degree of medical innovation is the man-
agement of dialysis patients’ water balance, which
we aim to improve by developing hardware and
software for the Body Composition Monitor 1G3<9.
The G3< records and assesses kidney patients’ long-
term fluid status. Clinical studies carried out over
the past two years prove just how crucial this is to
their survival. We have made various patent appli-
cations to accompany our ongoing product devel-
opment in this area.

In !"#$, 11! highly qualified employees worked in
?@-. at Fresenius Medical Care worldwide 7!"#!:
1$"9. They come from various backgrounds: Physi-
cians work side by side with software specialists,
business economists and engineers in interdisci-
plinary teams.

Our largest ?@. unit with around $1" employees is
in Europe; charts 2.4.4 and 2.4.5 provide information on
their qualifications and professional background.

7.2.4.1 Expenditures for research and development
in$M
2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
> Total 126 112 111 97 94
T.2.4.2 Number of patents
2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
> Total 5,560 4,850 4,415 3,601 2,850
T. 2.4.3 Number of employees in R&D
full-time equivalents
2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
> Total 552 530 530 503 477

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
77

2.4

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Most activities are carried out at the German sites
Schweinfurt and Bad Homburg. Other ?@- sites
are in St. Wendel (Germany), Bucharest (Romania)
and Krems (Austria). In the &.’., the Company main-
tains centers of excellence for device development
in Concord and Lake Forest, California, and one for
the development of dialyzers and other disposable
products in Ogden, Utah. Development activities in
Hong Kong and Changshu (China) are focused on
meeting the growing demand for cost-effective

dialysis systems. The global ?@- organization co-
ordinates cooperation and technology exchange
between the various sites.

As part of our innovation culture, we also strive to
carry out research and development responsibly. For
more information on this, see the “Responsibility”
chapter starting on page 98.

C.2.4.4 Qualifications of R&D employees in Europe
1% Master craftsmen >
. . 34% Technicians
32% University graduates >
33 % Graduates from University of Applied Sciences
C.2.4.5 Professional background of R&D employees in Europe

3% Chemistry >

4% Medicine >
6% Biomedicine >

8% Physics >

16% Others >

19 % Software specialists >

425% Electronics

419% Mechanics

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
CHAPTER 2.5

Procurement and production

As the industry leader with many years’ experience in dialysis,
we can call on considerable internal resources in production.
These include manufacturing capacity in all regions as well as expertise
in complex production technologies and processes. Furthermore we
have extensive skills in quality management, procurement and logistics
for sophisticated medical products.

CENTRAL GLOBAL MANUFACTURING
OPERATIONS DIVISION:
EFFICIENCY IN THE VALUE CHAIN

The Global Manufacturing Operations division 7=<53
bundles Fresenius Medical Care's activities across all
regions in the areas of purchasing, production in-
cluding quality management, and many of its distri-
bution activities. This centralized approach enables
us to

» further increase the e%ciency of our processes,

> optimize cost structures,

> improve returns on our invested manufacturing-
related capital,

> respond more flexibly,

> fulfill our commitment to meeting high quality and
safety standards.

In this way, we are able to make a lasting contribu-
tion to the success of our operations.

With a focus on quality, costs and availability, =<5
has successfully introduced state-of-the-art infra-
structure, processes and systems in the last few
years, as well as bundling and optimizing existing
structures.

At the end of !"#$, =<5 had #$,-"( employees 7!"#!:
#$, 14-9 at more than +" production sites in around
'1 countries. In the sections below, we describe the
functions and activities of the =<5 division along
our value chain.

STRATEGIC PURCHASING:
TRUST-BASED SUPPLIER RELATIONSHIPS,
CONSISTENT QUALITY

The aim of our strategic purchasing is to ensure
the availability, safety and quality of the materials
we use in production. Our employees in purchas-
ing in Europe, the &.’., and Asia work closely to-
gether to coordinate their respective procurement
strategy and continuously optimize purchasing
processes and their supplier portfolio. Our goal is
to further expand Fresenius Medical Care’s com-
petitive and globally balanced supplier network,
thus ensuring the flexible supply of raw materials
from different currency areas.

The purchasing volume for materials and bought-in
services within =<5 totaled approximately *#.$GE
in !"#$, roughly on a par with the previous year. The
entire costs of materials were *+.-GE in !"#$. Relative

C.2.5.1 Global Manufacturing Operations (GMO)

Product
development

Purchasing

Production

Distribution
to distribution
centers

Regional
distribution to
sales companies
and customers

A
Only part of GMO in
North America

Fresenius Medical Care 2013

79

2.5

PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCTION

to our revenue costs of materials were $!) and
therefore did not change compared with last year.

Our procurement strategy focuses on purchasing
high-quality materials and components at optimum
economic conditions through long-term mutual rela-
tionships with our suppliers. We select our suppliers
very carefully according to their suitability and per-
formance, and develop innovative products and pro-
cesses together with key suppliers.

To help us respond even more effectively to the vol-
atility of the commodities markets, we are continu-
ously expanding our risk management in purchas-
ing. In the year under review, we mainly focused on
further diversifying our supplier portfolio to avoid
being dependent on one or just a few suppliers for
core materials and key components. This enables us
to avoid bottlenecks and minimize price fluctua-
tions. In addition, we are increasingly working with
multinational suppliers that can produce and deliver
materials in more than one region; we are also step-
ping up our purchasing activities in Asia and Eastern
Europe. With the help of uniform forecasting and
market analysis tools as well as criteria for monitor-
ing, €.g. credit ratings, punctuality and delivery
quality, we can manage our relationships with our
suppliers across all regions and identify any risks at
an early stage.

By increasingly standardizing our procurement pro-
cesses, centralizing them and making them more
transparent, we can continuously boost our e%-
ciency in purchasing while ensuring a constant sup-
ply of materials and maintaining our quality level. In
the reporting year we integrated the regions Asia-
Pacific and Latin America into our strategic purchas-
ing system to further standardize purchasing pro-
cesses in these regions. We also set up a transnational
analysis platform to standardize the decision-mak-
ing process whether to make or buy components.

We also launched a strategic purchasing initiative
that focuses on the ecological and social aspects
of the procurement process in the reporting year.
The emphasis is on the criteria of environmentally
sound and sustainable production as well as fair and
humane working conditions at our suppliers. We in-
tend to expand this initiative worldwide over the
next few years.

OUR PRODUCTION SITES:
ALLOCATION OF TASKS IN A GROWING
GLOBAL NETWORK

Our production strategy is geared towards manufac-
turing top-quality products in the right place, at the
right time, and at the best possible price. We are
able to implement this strategy successfully thanks
to our network comprising both large production
sites for technically sophisticated products that are
sold worldwide and production facilities that primar-
ily supply products regionally.

For example, we produce dialysis machines at two
sites: in Schweinfurt (Germany) and in Concord
1&.”.§. Most of our other products are manufactured
directly in the regions in which they are needed.
We produce and assemble dialyzers at our facilities
in Ogden 7&.’.9, St. Wendel (Germany), L’Arbresle
(France), and Buzen (Japan), among others. Concen-
trates for hemodialysis are manufactured, for exam-
ple, in Germany, Great Britain, Spain, the &.’.,
Argentina, and Australia.

Most of the solutions used for peritoneal dialysis are
supplied by our production sites in St. Wendel and
Ogden.

Our largest sites in terms of production volume are
in the &.”., Germany and Japan. chart 2.1.1 on page 40
presents an overview of our main production sites.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
80

2.5

PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCTION

Some of our production sites have longstanding ex-
perience in manufacturing certain products. As our
centers of excellence, they use their expertise in
core technologies and materials to advise our local
production sites on harmonizing their processes.
With this approach, we encourage the exchange of
particularly successful procedures and methods be-
tween the different regions and sites.

At the same time, we are continuously assessing
new opportunities for the different regions to supply
each other with products and components. In this
way, we aim to further increase e%ciency in our pro-
duction network and ensure that we can continue to
meet the growing demand in future. Thanks to har-
monized processes as well as standardized materials
and product components, the whole Company ben-
efits from production capacity in different regions.

Production facilities expanded

In the year under review, we started construction of
a new production facility in VrSac, Serbia, which is
scheduled to open at the end of !"#+. This will dou-
ble our production capacity in Serbia for specific dis-
posable products such as bloodline systems, en-
abling us to cover the expected growth in demand
in Europe and Latin America in the years ahead.

In addition, we continued to extend and modernize
many of our production sites in !"#$. For example, in
St. Wendel, we expanded our production capacity
for polysulfone fibers - a key component of our dia-
lyzers — with two new spinning systems, which were
put into operation at the start of !"#+. At our plant
in L'Arbresle (France), we added a third production
line for dialyzers. By expanding our production site
in Changshu (China), we are able to meet the rising
local demand for dialyzers in particular. We also ex-
tended our plant SisTer in Palazzo Pignano (Italy) by
an automatic tube coils packaging system and new
extrusion lines.

Furthermore, we continued to modernize produc-
tion of our dialysis machines in Schweinfurt as well
as optimizing the internal logistics processes at this
plant and further increasing production capacity. In
the !"#$ financial year, we relocated our dialysis ma-
chine production in the &.’. together with a distribu-
tion warehouse to Concord, California. The aim was
to minimize transport and to benefit from greater
capacity for developing and producing new products.

Highest quality standards

At Fresenius Medical Care, we believe that our prod-
ucts and therapies must be of the highest quality
and as reliable as possible to ensure the best medi-
cal care for our patients and customers. To meet our
own high standards as well as the numerous regula-
tory requirements, we have installed comprehensive
quality management systems in our business regions.
These ensure that all of our products and procedures
comply with quality and safety standards from de-
velopment, market approval, manufacture and use
in clinics, right up to training customers and dealing
with complaints. The quality management systems
used in our production processes combine internal
regulations, processes and procedures that meet the
demands of generally recognized external standards
and guidelines as well as representing best practice.
Our plants apply recognized quality management
tools such as Lean Six Sigma — see glossary on page 287.

Fresenius Medical Care has established comparable
processes in production in all regions to ensure ad-
herence to in-house quality standards and legal re-
quirements. In addition, some of our production sites
are certified according to several regional quality
standards. This helps to boost our flexibility while
minimizing the risk of supply bottlenecks. To further
harmonize our processes and link them throughout
the company, we launched a project in the year under
review to further integrate and standardize the qual-
ity management system. This systematically compares

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
81

2.5

PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCTION

the methods used in different regions; then the best
possible solution is implemented in all divisions, while
maintaining the highest quality standards.

Lean Strategy 2013-2016 developed

Based on the processes of Lean Management and
process control with the Six Sigma method, we have
launched and continuously enhanced the global ini-
tiative Fresenius Operating System 7A5’F9 in the =<5
division in recent years. The aim of A5’F is to im-
prove quality in production and cut costs, thus in-
creasing our operational e%ciency. We are guided in
this by the following four principles:

> Customers’ needs and quality are our top priorities.
> We rely exclusively on sound business processes.

> The just-in-time principle applies in all our admin-
istrative and operational activities.

> We ensure an e%cient flow of information, mate-
rials and processes.

Building on this, we developed our Lean Strategy
!"#$—!"#( in the year under review, defining the
following goals:

> to introduce the continuous improvement process
as a long-term management philosophy in all depart-
ments of =<5 and in product development,

> to jointly develop and implement lean projects and
workshops at the various production sites,

> to support employees through lean training,

> to set up an in-house consulting group for our
Lean Management sectors.

DISTRIBUTION IN THE REGIONS

In North America, =<5 manages the entire value
chain from purchasing raw materials to delivering
finished products to our customers. In the other
regions, =<5's responsibility only goes as far as de-
livering finished goods to our central distribution
centers; the regions themselves are responsible for
the further stages of the supply chain.

Our regional supply chain management teams work
closely with =<5 and Sales and Marketing to
enable production capacity and inventory manage-
ment to be aligned even more closely with medi-
um-term demand patterns. In addition, we are con-
tinuously expanding our planning system for
demand assessment and inventory management
with respect to our most important disposable
products. A special distribution logic ensures that
production orders for the same products and man-
ufacturing methods are efficiently spread among
the relevant production sites.

In the year under review, we started harmonizing
and optimizing our inventory management systems
in Europe. As a result, we expect inventories to be-
come even more transparent, enabling us to man-
age them even more e%ciently and flexibly from a
central point in the future.

In addition, we set up a strategic purchasing func-
tion within our supply chain department in !"#$ for
the Europe, Middle East, Africa and Latin America
regions 14<4/>/} to enable us to procure goods cen-
trally. These are additional products used in our own
dialysis centers, such as dressings or plasters, as
well as dialysis products that we do not manufac-
ture ourselves but sell to third parties as a full-ser-
vice provider.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
82

CHAPTER 2.6

Our product business

We are continuously enhancing our products based on our longstanding
experience and extensive technical expertise. Our aim is to constantly
optimize the dialysis treatment, minimize the risk factors for cardiovascular
diseases, make life easier for dialysis patients, and improve their quality of
life. Our main considerations in developing and manufacturing our dialysis
products are their quality and safety.

PRODUCTS FOR HEMODIALYSIS

Hemodialysis 7M.9 is by far the most common type
of therapy for chronic kidney failure. In dialysis cen-
ters, the patient's blood is filtered outside the body
in a so-called dialyzer. In this process, toxins and
excess water are removed from the blood, while
blood cells and important proteins are held back.
Blood circulation is monitored and controlled by a
dialysis machine during treatment. Fresenius Medical
Care offers a comprehensive range of products for
M., including machines and modular machine
components, dialyzers, bloodline systems, M. solu-
tions and concentrates, needles, water treatment
systems, data processing and analysis systems, and
dialysis chairs.

Dialysis machines

Computer-driven dialysis machines perform key tasks
during hemodialysis: They pump blood from the
patient's body through a bloodline system into the
dialyzer. A dialysis fluid absorbs the toxins and ex-
cess water filtered out of the blood and transports
them out of the body. The dialysis fluid is fed into
the dialyzer via a separate cycle. The device can also
add an anti-coagulation drug to the blood. In addi-
tion, the machine has various automatic monitoring
and control functions that should ensure a safe and
e%cient dialysis treatment. The special design of our
hemodialysis machines allows treatment to be tai-
lored to patients’ individual needs and makes it eas-
ier for us to constantly enhance our devices and
modules.

Fresenius Medical Care is the clear market leader in
this product segment with its !""8C, +""8’ classic
and 1""8 CorDiax series dialysis machines. We sold
++,""" dialysis machines worldwide in !"#$7!"#!: +1,$1"9.
This means that more than one in two systems sold
are produced by Fresenius Medical Care.

The 1""8 CorDiax therapy system features an ex-
tremely intuitive user interface. Its touchscreen
makes the device easy and safe for doctors and
nursing staff to use. In addition, this dialysis ma-
chine allows for HighVolume M.A—see glossary on page 285
— as a standard feature. The 1""8 CorDiax series en-
ables very easy and safe M.A treatments with a high
replacement volume. HighVolume M.A has a positive
effect on dialysis-related cardiovascular risk factors
in many ways. It is currently recognized as the most
effective form of dialysis treatment, and comes clos-
est to the function of a healthy kidney. The +""8’
classic system boasts impressive standard features
and delivers very high treatment quality as well as
reliability and safety at a low price. This gives even
more dialysis patients easier access to high-quality
dialysis treatment, for instance in regions with a
poor infrastructure.

The !""8C dialysis machine for the North American
market combines state-of-the-art treatment technol-
ogy with the Fresenius Clinical Data Exchange 73.09
system, a software to record and exchange clinical
data. This gives nursing staff direct on-site access to
dialysis treatment data and all other clinical data
that was previously recorded and stored in different
sources. As a result, this integrated treatment sys-
tem simplifies routines as well as billing.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
83

2.6

OUR PRODUCT BUSINESS

Dialyzers

The dialyzer assumes key functions of the kidney.
The patient's blood flows through a plastic tube
approximately $" centimeters long with up to
"""" ultra-thin fibers. These extremely high-per-
formance fibers are made of Fresenius Polysulfone,
a special plastic characterized by exceptional
cleansing properties and blood compatibility. This
material is the result of our pioneering work in the
development and production of dialyzers, and sets
new standards in dialysis. The Helixone membrane,
also developed and produced by Fresenius Medical
Care, is an enhanced form of Polysulfone.

Fresenius Medical Care also leads the field world-
wide in the area of dialyzers. We offer a wide range
of them with our AO and AO CorDiax dialyzer series as
well as the Optiflux series in North America. These
meet the specific requirements of various therapy
methods as well as patients’ individual needs.
Fresenius Medical Care has also developed dialyzers
with a low blood-priming volume specifically for
treating children with dialysis.

Fresenius Medical Care sold about #"( < dialyzers in
es TINH: #"" <<). The Company therefore accounts
for almost half of the global market with regard to
this product group.

From manufacturing membranes to packaging,
Fresenius Medical Care carries out the entire produc-
tion process for dialyzers under one roof. This helps
to ensure high quality standards.

Analysis systems

Overhydration is a widespread problem among dial-
ysis patients and a significant cause of cardiovascu-
lar diseases. In addition, it can reduce the effective-
ness of medication prescribed for illnesses associated
with kidney failure. An optimum fluid balance is
therefore a key challenge in treating patients with
chronic kidney failure.

The patient's individual fluid status can be measured
extremely well with the Fresenius Medical Care Body
Composition Monitor analysis system. The results
can also be used to track and better understand the
correlation between overhydration and blood pres-
sure in each patient.

The Crit-Line analysis device developed for the
North American market also measures changes in
hemodialysis patients’ fluid balance during treat-
ment. This makes it possible to identify risk pa-
tients who are severely overhydrated but other-
wise show no clinical symptoms. Crit-Line is also
used to support the treatment of anemia in kidney
patients.

PRODUCTS FOR PERITONEAL DIALYSIS

In peritoneal dialysis 75.9, the peritoneum acts as a
natural filter. It has similar properties to the dialyzer
membranes: Certain substances can permeate its
pores, while others are held back. ;. is carried out
by patients themselves at home or out and about,
for example at work. Most ;- patients still have a
certain degree of residual kidney function. We offer
systems and solutions for continuous ambulatory
peritoneal dialysis 713/;.9 and automated peritoneal
dialysis 1/;.9. Both therapies are supported by our
patient management software.

Continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis

In continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis 73/; -§,
the dialysis solution is fed manually from a bag
through a catheter into the patient’s abdominal cav-
ity, where it is flushed through the peritoneum. This
process is carried out three to five times a day. After
four to five hours, the patient drains the dialysis
solution — now mixed with metabolic products —
into an empty bag and replaces it with new solution.
This ensures that the blood is continuously and gen-
tly cleansed.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
84

2.6

OUR PRODUCT BUSINESS

The stay.safe system is provided by Fresenius Medical
Care for 3/;.. It consists of a bag filled with fresh
dialysis solution, an empty bag for the used solution,
a system of tubes, and the .8’3, a central control
switch specially developed by Fresenius Medical
Care. Thanks to the .3’3 technology, all treatment
steps can be performed safely and easily in a defined
sequence, virtually eliminating operating errors. In
addition, the -8’3 features a special valve system
that prevents bacteria from entering the catheter
and causing an infection in the peritoneum. All stay.
safe components are made of Biofine, an environ-
mentally friendly plastic developed by Fresenius
Medical Care comprising only carbon and hydrogen.
Products made of Biofine can either be recycled or
disposed of in an environmentally friendly way. The
5 --Paed system is a product combination that is spe-
cifically approved for infants and small children with
a body weight of up to !! Ib. It is suitable for treating
chronic and acute kidney failure and also enables
treatment in an incubator.

Automated peritoneal dialysis
Automated peritoneal dialysis 1/; .9 is mostly carried
out at night. A special device called a cycler per-
forms the exchange of dialysis fluid. In the evening,
the patient connects up with the cycler, which then
automatically replaces the dialysate several times
during the night after it has been in the abdominal
cavity for just a short time. The cycler ensures that
the dialysis solution mixed with metabolic products
is fed in and drained out. This ensures that the blood
is continuously cleansed at night and that no treat-
ment is required during the day.

Fresenius Medical Care offers modern cyclers for
/;. such as sleep.safe and the Liberty Cycler specifi-
cally for the North American market. They are simple
and safe to operate thanks to user-friendly software,
easy to carry and allow patients to sleep comfort-
ably during overnight treatment. In the cycler, a
hydraulic pump controlled by several pressure sen-
sors performs the fluid exchange. A microprocessor

monitors the entire treatment process, and the bags
are automatically connected by means of barcode
recognition. An integrated heater warms up the di-
alysis fluid before it is fed into the abdomen. Chil-
dren can also be treated with a special version of the
sleep.safe.

Patient management software
We offer various patient management programs in
our regions that support both 3/;. and /;- treat-
ment. They include PatientOnLine, IQsystem, Pack-;-,
and FiTTesse. These programs help medical staff to
tailor dialysis treatment to the patient's individual
needs.

Fresenius Medical Care also produces and sells a
host of other products that are essential for perito-
neal dialysis such as catheters, disinfectant, or heat-
ing plates for safely and conveniently heating the ;.
fluid to body temperature.

PRODUCTS FOR FURTHER HOME THERAPIES

Home hemodialysis (home M.) is an alternative to
dialysis in a clinic. With this form of therapy, patients
perform their own dialysis treatment at home, usu-
ally with the assistance of a partner or trained per-
sonnel. Patients must be instructed in using the sys-
tem at a training center or a clinic.

Fresenius Medical Care’s home M. products are ex-
tremely safe. In certain cases, patients can be con-
nected to the dialysis center from home via a data
line to ensure even greater safety. Fresenius Medical
Care also supports home M. patients with compre-
hensive, easy-to-understand training and special
services.

Our home M. therapy systems — the !""8:Qhome for
the North American market and a home M. variant
of the 1""8” CorDiax — are specifically geared to the
requirements of this form of treatment.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
85

2.6

OUR PRODUCT BUSINESS

PRODUCTS FOR ACUTE DIALYSIS

Continuous renal replacement therapy is used as
part of routine clinical practice to treat acute kid-
ney failure in critically ill patients in intensive care
units.

Fresenius Medical Care has developed multiFiltrate,
a therapy system that can be used for a wide range
of continuous treatments. Special therapy options
are also available for children’s intensive-care wards.

To prevent blood coagulation during dialysis treat-
ment, heparin is generally administered to patients.
Fresenius Medical Care was the first company to
develop a system for continuous renal replacement
therapy that uses citrate as an anticoagulant, the
multiFiltrate Ci-Ca. In contrast to heparin, citrate
only prevents coagulation in the blood circulation
outside the body. This helps patients in particular
with acute bleeding or a susceptibility to bleeding,
for example caused by an injury or after an oper-
ation.

PRODUCTS FOR OTHER
BLOOD-CLEANSING PROCEDURES

Extracorporeal blood cleansing is used not only to
treat chronic kidney failure, but also to support the
liver function on a temporary basis. Excess blood
fats or pathogenic antibodies can also be removed
in this way.

Liver support therapy

The liver performs numerous vital functions in the
body. If it cannot fulfill them adequately due to ill-
ness, harmful substances quickly build up in the pa-
tient’s blood. This can lead to life-threatening symp-
toms and, in extreme cases, even make a liver
transplant necessary. To bridge the gap until the
transplant or to prevent one altogether, fast and ef-
fective treatment is required.

Fresenius Medical Care’s Prometheus therapy sys-
tem combines hemodialysis treatment with an ad-
sorptive method, thus temporarily relieving the liver.

Therapeutic apheresis
Therapeutic apheresis is a medical process whereby
specific pathogenic components are removed from
the blood or plasma outside the body. It is mainly
used in patients who can no longer be treated suc-
cessfully with medication.

The therapeutic removal of specific blood fats (lipo-
proteins) is called lipoprotein apheresis (>-> or lipid
apheresis). -/>8 and <5E4C are two effective and gen-
tle therapy methods developed by Fresenius Medical
Care for >.> apheresis. Treatment usually lasts one to
two hours. Treatment once a week is su%cient for
most patients.

Immunoapheresis is a therapy option for removing
antibodies that cause diseases or rejection following
a transplant. Immunosorba and Globa%n are two
different sorbents offered by Fresenius Medical Care
for immunoapheresis. During treatment, plasma is
separated from the blood and fed through one of
the two sorbents. This binds the antibodies so that
they accumulate in the sorbent and are removed
from the plasma.

DIALYSIS DRUGS

Our kidneys not only perform the important func-
tion of excreting certain toxins of the patient's
blood, they also produce hormones such as vita-
min . for healthy bone metabolism and erythropoi-
etin 74;59, which stimulates the formation of red
blood cells. In addition, the kidney regulates the
body's mineral balance. Although dialysis can per-
form some functions in patients with kidney failure
to a large extent, patients must also take drugs to
replace missing hormones and keep the body's min-
eral levels balanced.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
86

2.6
OUR PRODUCT BUSINESS

Minerals such as phosphate — which is important for
the bones and the energy balance — and potassium
are constantly absorbed from food. However, exces-
sive phosphate levels can contribute to arteriosclero-
sis, and excessive potassium content in the blood
can cause cardiac arrhythmias. In healthy people,
these excess minerals are excreted via the kidneys.
In dialysis patients, the phosphate and potassium
content in the blood can rise to dangerous levels
between treatments. Drugs such as phosphate and
potassium binders are taken at mealtimes. They bind
phosphate or potassium while it is still in the intes-
tine, thus controlling the increase in blood values.
Fresenius Medical Care offers several phosphate
binders for patients with various needs.

Anemia is a common complication among patients
with chronic kidney failure. To treat it, the body
must be supplied with su%cient quantities of iron.
The iron compounds sold by Fresenius Medical Care
in collaboration with Vifor Pharma are among the
most widely used on the market.

Fresenius Medical Care plans to continuously ex-

pand its range of pharmaceuticals for treating pa-
tients with chronic kidney failure.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
87

CHAPTER 2.7

Our dialysis services business

Our unrivaled experience as a provider of both dialysis services and
products makes us a valued partner in the healthcare system.
We care for more than 270,000 dialysis patients in a network comprising
a total of 3,250 dialysis clinics in more than 45 countries.

COMPREHENSIVE CARE WITH
NEPHROCARE AND ULTRACARE

Providing comprehensive care is a key factor when it
comes to offering the best possible treatment qual-
ity to patients with chronic kidney disease. We take
all aspects of treatment into account, from the pa-
tient’s vascular access to high-quality dialysis as well
as individual diet programs and supplementary ser-
vices. With our UltraCare and NephroCare brands in
the North America and International segments, we
have established a comprehensive patient care con-
cept as the standard in our own clinics and in home
dialysis. This enables us to achieve a lasting improve-
ment in our patients’ quality of life while keeping
costs for healthcare systems in check.

Our therapy concept is based on the following prin-
ciples:

>» We use our own high-quality products, pharma-
ceuticals and procedures in our clinics and for treat-
ing home dialysis patients; these are continually re-
fined by our research and development team.

» We provide our patients with comprehensive treat-
ment and medical advice from qualified clinic per-
sonnel and physicians.

> We try to create a safe and pleasant atmosphere in
our dialysis clinics for both patients and employees.

> We systematically improve our performance and
e%ciency by working according to both external
and internal quality standards as well as continually
analyzing and assessing treatment data in our own
clinics.

In line with these principles, our dialysis clinics are
subject to specific standards relating to patient care,
hygiene in clinical practice, clinic design, and the
purity of water used in treatment, to name just a
few. In many dialysis centers, nutrition specialists
and social workers assist our teams of doctors and
dialysis specialists. To help patients better under-
stand the issues of living with dialysis, we also pro-
vide our own educational material such as films and
patient journals.

In our regions, medical advisory boards and commit-
tees assist and advise us on developing our treat-
ment standards and services. These are then contin-
uously enhanced in internal expert working groups.
One example is the first government-certified Patient
Safety Organization 7;’5$ for kidney diseases in
North America. All employees at our clinics in the
&.”. report critical incidents to the 375, which uses
them to develop recommendations for optimizing
processes.

The International segment:
diverse and complex
Our services business in the International segment
is characterized by the diversity and complexity of
the different healthcare and remuneration systems.
Therefore, uniform quality and management stan-
dards are crucial to our patients’ quality of life, our
employees’ satisfaction and our own commercial
success. The NephroCare Excellence system in the
4<4/>/ region (Europe, Middle East, Africa and Latin
America) enables us to operate successfully and
offer our patients the best possible quality of life
even under such heterogeneous conditions. Nephro-
Care Excellence is a system that incorporates defined
quality and business targets, standards and values to

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
88

2.7

OUR DIALYSIS SERVICES BUSINESS

support those responsible for implementation at
regional and national level. In !"#+, we will supple-
ment this system with a medical benchmarking tool
called Medical Patient Review.

Our clinical information system EuCliD enables us to
obtain, compile and regularly examine our patients’
key medical quality indicators and then make any
necessary treatment adjustments for the patient's
benefit. The data helps to determine the health of
individual patients more precisely and thus provide
each patient with the best possible treatment.

Services expanded in North America
In North America, the changes in the &.’. reimburse-
ment system for state-insured patients have particu-
larly impacted our dialysis business in recent years —
see “Healthcare and reimbursement systems vary
from country to country” starting on page 53. IN view of
these changes, we have continuously expanded the
scope of our services. In addition to dialysis treat-
ments in our !,#$$ proprietary clinics in North Amer-
ica, we provide a pharmacy service, special labora-
tory tests and services relating to vascular surgery (in
particular vascular access for dialysis patients), for
example — see “Operations and Strategy” chapter

starting on page 39.

UltraCare is a therapy concept that is geared toward
these specific conditions in the North American mar-
ket. It enables us to offer medical care to dialysis
patients thanks to innovative and e%cient programs,
state-of-the-art technology and continuous treat-
ment quality improvement.

QUALITY MANAGEMENT
IN OUR DIALYSIS CENTERS

As at our production sites, special quality manage-
ment systems are in place at our dialysis centers,
which we regularly inspect ourselves as well as hav-
ing them checked by third parties. In Europe, for ex-
ample, this is performed by the technical certifica-
tion organization CRD. Its experts inspect our clinics
in annual audits to control conformance to the
3°5 6""# standard for quality management and the
a°5 #+""# standard for environmental management.

In the &.’., our clinics are monitored by the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services 13<”9, a public
healthcare authority.

Clinical quality data
in line with recognized standards
We measure and assess the treatment quality at our
dialysis clinics on the basis of generally recognized
quality standards, such as industry-specific clinical
benchmarks, as well as our own quality targets. In
!"#$, we again provided our patients all over the
world with top-quality treatment, as shown by the
current medical quality parameters in table 2.7.1.

The Kt/V value shows whether a patient has been
detoxified effectively during dialysis. It provides in-
formation on urea content in the blood. Urea is
mostly excreted by healthy kidneys. In dialysis pa-
tients, it has to be filtered out of the blood using
renal replacement therapy. The Kt/V value of more
than #.! recommended by general guidelines and
standards was again attained in our clinics in 6() of
cases in !"#$.

In addition, we aim for a specific hemoglobin level in
our patients. Hemoglobin is the component of red
blood cells that transports oxygen around the body.
Too little hemoglobin in the blood implies anemia,
which typically occurs in patients with chronic kid-
ney failure. Besides dialysis, anemia is treated with
iron supplements and the hormone compound
erythropoietin 74559 see glossary on page 285.

The level of albumin in the blood is indicative of a
patient's general nutritional status. Phosphate con-
centrations show whether treating the patient with
dialysis and medication is su%cient to enable the
body to absorb phosphate ingested with food.
Healthy people excrete excess phosphate via the
kidney, but a diseased kidney is unable to do this. If
the phosphate concentrations in the blood are too
high, this can lead to bone diseases, parathyroid
gland damage, and atherosclerosis, among other
conditions. The number of days dialysis patients
spend in hospital is also an important indicator for
us. Days spent in hospital significantly reduce the
quality of life of dialysis patients and are also ex-
tremely cost-intensive for the healthcare system.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
89

2.7

OUR DIALYSIS SERVICES BUSINESS

To guarantee a su%cient blood flow and ensure that
dialysis treatment is effective, a permanent arterio-
venous vascular access is necessary. In this context,
we record the number of patients who do not use a
hemodialysis catheter as a vascular access for dialy-
sis treatment see glossary on page 284. As catheters are as-
sociated with serious infections and more days spent
in hospital, we are committed to further increasing
the number of patients without catheters.

Quality surveys
to ensure continuous improvement
We regularly carry out patient surveys to find out
where we can make further improvements and in
which areas we should expand our services.

Since !"#!, the content of patient satisfaction sur-
veys in North America has been specified by the
state-run public healthcare authority 3<’ (Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services), and the sur-
veys themselves have been conducted by an in-
dependent company in order to ensure confidential-
ity and anonymity. Health-related quality of life is
another key factor that we regularly measure in pa-
tient surveys. We use the results to inform and train
both our patients and our clinic staff in a more tar-
geted way with the aim of improving our patients’
quality of life in the long term.

T.2.7.1 Quality data
for the fourth quarter of respective years, in %
Europe/
Middle East/
Description Possible impact US. Africa Asia-Pacifict
if too low
2013 2012 = 2013 2012 2013 2012
Effectiveness of dialysis: Possibly more days
measures how well the spent in hospital;
t/V > 1.2 patient was detoxified higher risk of mortality 97 97 96 95 96 97
Hemoglobin = 10-12 g/dl Hemoglobin is responsible
Hemoglobin = 10-13 g/dl for transporting oxygen 75 75 60 58 59 59
(international) around the body Indicative of anemia 81 82 78 78 68 68
Calcium 8.4-10.2 mg/dl Measures the patient's 84 84 77 77 75 75
Albumin 2 3.5 g/dl? nutritional status 86 85 88 87 91 89
Phosphate < 5.5mg/dl and mineral balance Higher risk of mortality 66 66 77 78 70 71
Measures the number
Patients without catheter of patients with vascular Possibly more days
(>90 days) access spent in hospital? 83 82 83 83 92 94
The result of
Days in hospital complications during Restriction to patients’
per patient dialysis quality of life 94 98 94 93 #42 46

# Includes data from the dialysis service provider Jiate in Taiwan and the Philippines.
$ International standar d BCR CRM470.

Figures based on:

— KDOQI guidelines (Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative) from the U.S.
— EBPG standard (European Best Practice Guidelines ) from Europe.

— KDIGO guidelines (Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes), a recent global initiative, which is gaining in significance.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013

90

2.7

OUR DIALYSIS SERVICES BUSINESS

SERVICE FOR PATIENTS AND PARTNERS

For Fresenius Medical Care, a holistic quality concept
means providing the best possible patient care, even
beyond dialysis products and services. We therefore
offer advice for patients and healthcare partners as
well as other services in addition to our core offering
as a dialysis company.

Advice and care programs enhanced

The better informed kidney patients are about their
illness and how they themselves can influence the
course of the disease, the better the treatment re-
sults usually are. This is why Fresenius Medical Care
places great value on educating dialysis patients and
providing them with intensive medical advice. This
includes special training programs for patients and
their families. They also have the benefit of helping
our clinic employees to empathize more strongly
with patients so that they can respond even more
effectively to patients’ needs and motivate them to
adhere to their treatment plan in a more disciplined
manner.

In the International segment, our Kidney Options
program, which we further expanded in the year un-
der review, is geared towards patients in the prelim-
inary stages of chronic kidney failure. In addition to
a host of information material, our Kidney Options
Forum events give patients the opportunity to talk
with experts and other patients and find out about
therapy options. In the &.”., our Treatment Options
Program 1(5;9 is available to educate patients and
families on the various treatment options for chronic
kidney failure.

The first phase of treatment is often especially di%-
cult for dialysis patients as their daily routine changes
drastically: They need to schedule several hours for
treatment a few times a week, the range of food
they are allowed to eat is restricted, and they are
required to take a number of drugs every day while

greatly reducing their fluid intake. Many patients
find it di%cult to muster the necessary discipline for
this treatment plan, especially when they know little
about their illness. We offer the RightStart program
in North America to train new patients during this
critical first therapy phase beyond their visits to our
clinics and to boost their confidence. This program
enables us to provide our patients with comprehen-
sive information on the course of their illness and
treatment, the importance of a high-quality vascular
access, a healthy diet and specific treatment needs
and show how they themselves can help to signifi-
cantly improve their quality of life. The information
material is specially tailored to the first four months
of treatment at home or in a dialysis clinic. We also
offer a comprehensive introductory program for pa-
tients at our dialysis centers in the 4<4/>/ region,
the Patient Introduction Package. The aim is to make
the transition to life on dialysis easier for patients
and provide them with a wide range of individual
information.

The vascular access, through which dialysis treat-
ment is carried out, is a patient's lifeline. It is crucial
that patients are actively involved to ensure that di-
alysis treatment is carried out without complications
in the long term. We offer a Fistula Care Package to
help them clean their vascular access every day.

To enable us to give our patients the customary level
of medical support even in the case of a lengthy stay
in hospital, we run a program for inpatient care in
North America (Renal Inpatient Care Management).
Specially trained Fresenius Medical Care dialysis spe-
cialists work closely with hospitals to address pa-
tients’ individual medical needs and make the transi-
tion from inpatient to outpatient dialysis as smooth
as possible for patients, thus reducing the length of
their stay in hospital. In addition, our dialysis special-
ists help patients to find an outpatient dialysis center,
coordinate appointments and train them in the tran-
sition phase.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
91

2.7

OUR DIALYSIS SERVICES BUSINESS

Patient programs
for home therapies expanded
In addition to holistic treatment concepts for our
patients in dialysis centers, we offer various home
dialysis programs.

In the North American market, we have developed
UltraCare at home, a home dialysis program that not
only supplies patients with our products, but also
provides supplementary services to boost the suc-
cess of home therapy. These include ongoing train-
ing and support for our patients and their partners
from doctors, dieticians, social workers and other
members of the dialysis support team, technical as-
sistance and constant access to the dialysis center.

In the 4<4/>/ region, we have developed a holistic
treatment concept specifically for peritoneal dialy-
sis under the brand name ;3. This is designed to
improve patients’ quality of life and supports nurs-
ing staff, doctors and patients every step of the
way during therapy. The 5? program enables us to
align the medical parameters of peritoneal dialysis
even more closely to patients’ needs to ensure that
their dialysis treatment at home is as successful as
possible.

Training programs intensified
In the complex and comparatively new medical dis-
cipline of dialysis, training doctors and nursing staff
on an ongoing basis is just as important as providing
advice to patients. The Advanced Renal Education
Program 1/24;9 is our &.”. internet-based training
program for the treatment and care of dialysis pa-
tients. It offers full and half-day seminars for ne-
phrologists as well as e-learning courses for doctors
and nursing staff — see also “Employees” chapter
starting on page 92. We have also stepped up training on
quality issues in dialysis for doctors in Asia, Africa
and the Middle East. Treatment standards are often
still being developed in these regions, and demand
for professional advice is correspondingly high.

Fresenius Medical Care also organizes conferences,
lectures, and workshops around the world in con-
junction with international nephrology experts.

Dialysis services in emergency situations

To ensure that patients’ vital dialysis treatment is not
interrupted even in extreme weather conditions
such as severe storms or floods, Fresenius Medical
Care’s professional emergency response teams are
called into action in affected regions. Their task is to
protect patients and employees in emergency situa-
tions, for example during natural disasters or pan-
demics, and to give patients the best possible care,
even under di%cult conditions. In November !"#$
our crisis teams and volunteers from Fresenius Medical
Care went into action in regions on the Philippines
that were affected by the Typhoon Haiyan to help
patients and provide them with their life-sustaining
dialysis treatments.

In North America, the Fresenius Medical Care Inci-
dent Command Center coordinates emergency task
forces in critical situations, for example during hurri-
canes, storm surges or in the tornado season. The
Incident Command Center is in close contact with
the &.’.-wide Kidney Community Emergency Re-
sponse Coalition 7:3429. This is a network of different
organizations and institutions, such as patient and
professional nephrology associations, dialysis pro-
viders, hospitals, and authorities such as the Food
and Drug Administration 7A. /9 and the 3<’. By work-
ing with :34?, we can closely coordinate our crisis
management as needed with the activities of gov-
ernment emergency organizations, such as the Fed-
eral Emergency Management Agency 7A4</$, a &.’.
national coordination o%ce for disaster relief, and
the United States Department of Homeland Security,
which A4</ reports to.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
92

CHAPTER 2.8

Employees

Fresenius Medical Care owes its business success and its leading position
in the dialysis market to the commitment of its employees. We offer them
a rewarding working environment and good long-term prospects for their
future careers. By recruiting talented new employees and specifically
supporting their development within the Company, we are also investing in
the future of our Company.

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES CONTINUES
TO GROW

As of December $#, !"#$, Fresenius Medical Care em-
ployed a total of 6",(6" members of staff (full-time
equivalents) in more than 1" countries. Our workforce
therefore increased by 1) or more than +,1"" employ-
ees in absolute figures compared to the previous year.
This was attributable to our continued organic growth
as well as to acquisitions, especially in the area of
dialysis services: In the reporting year, acquisitions ac-
counted for !) of the increase in employee numbers
worldwide. In the past ten years, the number of em-
ployees has risen by more than 8) a year on average.

At the end of the reporting year, (") of our employ-
ees were based in North America, !$) in the 4<4/
region (Europe, Middle East, Africa), #") in Latin
America and -) in the Asia-Pacific region. Our staff
count grew most in the North America region in the
past year with a rise of $,"1$ employees, followed by
the 4<4/ region with an increase of (+" employees,
in particular due to the expansion of our clinic net-
work as a result of acquisitions.

Personnel expenses at Fresenius Medical Care rose
to *1.1"GE in !"#$ 7!" #1: *+.8-GE9. This equates to $()
TI"#1: $19 of revenue. Average personnel expenses
per employee stood at *1-,$$1 7!"#!: *1(,14+(9.

c.2.8.1 Number of employees
full-time equivalents
2013 90,690
2012 86,153
el
2011 79,159
A
2010 73,452
2009 67,988
LS
T.2.8.2 Employees by functional area

full-time equivalents

2013 2012 Change Share
Production and services 73,069 69,963 3,106 80%
Administration 14,675 13,379 1,296 16%
Sales and marketing 2,394 2,281 113 3%
Research and development 552 530 22 1%
> Total 90,690 86,153 4,537 100%

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
93

2.8

EMPLOYEES

In Germany, Fresenius Medical Care employed ap-
proximately +,+"" people (!"#!: about +,$"") at the
end of the reporting year, accounting for around 1)
T!"#t: 19 of the total workforce. This underscores
our high degree of internationalization. The average
age of our employees in Germany was +!.- years,
somewhat above the previous year's figure
(+!.! years). The average length of employment in
the Company increased from ##.! years in !"#! to
##.1 years in !"#$. The staff turnover rate was once
again low at !.6) 7!"#!: 1.89.

PROMOTING DIVERSITY IN THE COMPANY

Fresenius Medical Care brings together a wide range
of cultures and talents worldwide. As a global

company, we value the diversity that our employees
provide in the form of personal strengths, character-
istics, interests and ideas. We want to continue pro-
moting diversity in the Company in the future and
raise awareness of it in all regions as one of the
Company's strengths.

One key issue in this respect is the percentage of
men and women in the Company as a whole as well
as in management positions. In !"#$, (6) of employ-
ees were women 7!"#!: -" 9. With $$) 7!"#!: $#)>3,
Fresenius Medical Care also has a relatively high pro-
portion of women in upper management positions.
When recruiting staff, our focus is on potential em-
ployees’ qualifications; gender is not a determining
factor. For this reason, we still do not intend to in-
troduce fixed quotas.

T. 2.8.3 Employees by region
full-time equivalents

2013 2012 Change Share
> North America 54,314 51,261 3,053 60%
Dialysis services 45,651 42,767
Dialysis products 8,663 8,494
> Europe/Middle East/Africa 21,327 20,687 640 23%
Dialysis services 13,240 12,845
Dialysis products 8,087 7,842
> Latin America 8,946 8,400 546 10%
Dialysis services 7,573 7,170
Dialysis products 1,373 1,230
> Asia-Pacific 5,963 5,682 281 7%
Dialysis services 3,543 3,514
Dialysis products 2,420 2,168
> Worldwide 90,690 86,153 4,537 100%
Dialysis services 70,007 66,296
Dialysis products 20,543 19,734
Corporate? 140 123

# The divisions Global Manufacturing Operations and Research and Development are not included.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
94

2.8

EMPLOYEES

CREATING AN ATTRACTIVE WORKING
ENVIRONMENT

We aim to create an attractive working environment
that enables our employees to combine their profes-
sional and family lives. With flexible working hours,
part-time work models, childcare allowances, and
healthcare and sports programs, we contribute to this.

Embracing a work-life balance

To supplement our other working time models, we
have introduced compensation time accounts in
Germany. In addition to a salary component in line
with collective pay agreements, employees can “pay”
value equivalents such as vacation days or compen-
sation components into these personal time ac-
counts and use them later, for example for their pro-
fessional development or a flexible transition to
retirement. The aim of this program is to offer em-
ployees attractive long-term prospects within the
Company and thus benefit from their experience for
as long as possible.

1

Healthcare management and occupational
safety programs expanded

We offer our employees at the different locations a
wide range of programs to promote their health,
adapted to their requirements and workloads. These
include Company sports courses, information and
events relating to health and exercise, as well as reg-
ular health checks for managers.

In the past financial year, we introduced an employee
support program at a number of locations in Germany

in cooperation with an external partner. This service,
which is available around the clock, offers fast, un-
bureaucratic counseling and psychosocial support
for employees in crisis situations or in the event of
burn-out or other mental illness. In the &.”., too, we
provide confidential counseling and other support
services jointly with an external partner.

Furthermore, in !"#$ we introduced a central occu-
pational safety management system for the 4<4/
region (Europe, Middle East, Africa) with the aim of
establishing a common standard for the wide range
of individual solutions. We plan to develop these
standards further over the coming years.

STRENGTHENING PERSONNEL
DEVELOPMENT

We place great value on enabling our employees to
apply their individual skills in our Company to the
best of their ability and to continue on their career
path as a specialist, manager or project leader.
Fresenius Medical Care is constantly expanding its
training portfolio.

Life-long learning, continuous feedback on perfor-
mance and work quality, and professional challenges
in line with our employees’ abilities, including the
opportunity to work abroad, are key instruments of
our Company-wide personnel development pro-
gram. This enables us to offer talented employees
clear career prospects while ensuring effective suc-
cession planning.

T.2.8.4 Percentage of men and women in the Company
2013 2012
Total employees in %
Male 31 30
Female 69 70
Employees in upper management positions in %
Male 67 69
Female 33 31

Source: Company data, based on headcount

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
95

2.8

EMPLOYEES

New program set up for managers
Our managers and employees with leadership po-
tential are given the opportunity to take part in spe-
cific training programs.

> Global Executive Challenge 7=439 is a worldwide
program for employees in management positions.
The program is designed to use the gained know-
ledge in the daily routine of the participants and to
strengthen their leadership skills.

> Fresenius Advanced Management Program is a
Company-run program for developing employees in
upper management positions. The program is of-
fered in cooperation with Harvard Business School.

Promoting employees at our clinics

in line with demand
As one of the largest employers of medical personnel
worldwide, we place great value on providing our
specialist dialysis staff with a wide range of training
and further educational opportunities. We provide
needs-based training for employees at our clinics,
mostly at a regional level. Examples from the &.’. in-
clude:

» UltraCare Clinical Advancement Program 1&3/;$, one
of our development programs specifically for dialysis
specialists. We have continuously developed the
program over the past few years. &3/; consists of
five stages of training, each building on the last, and
is aimed at new and experienced employees in our
clinics as well as staff in the areas of home therapy
and acute dialysis. It helps dialysis specialists to de-
velop and expand their knowledge and leadership
skills and prepares them for the next step in their
career, for example as a clinic manager, health
trainer for patients, or mentor to clinic staff. In the
reporting year, more than $,#"" dialysis specialists
were enrolled in the program.

> Mentor Connection, a mentoring program in North
America in which experienced nurse managers
coach, support and offer advice to new colleagues.
In this way, we support managers on-site in our clin-
ics and enable them to settle into their new leader-
ship positions more quickly.

E-learning further enhanced

A medium that continued to gain in importance
once again for personnel development at Fresenius
Medical Care across all functional areas is e-learning
— digital training courses via the internet and intranet.
In the reporting year we completely revised our
e-learning system into an_ interactive platform.
Among other things the new so-called Fresenius
Learning Center offers trainings in virtual classrooms
and enables joint learning independently from the
location of each participant. We are also continu-
ously developing a special e-learning portal in the
&.”. as a learning tool offering a wide variety of sub-
jects. We aim to integrate e-learning into personnel
development to an even greater extent in future in
the form of blended learning.

TRAINING YOUNG PEOPLE

In Germany, we also invest in the Company’s future
by offering vocational training for young people.
As we train in association with the Fresenius Group,
we can offer young men and women a wide range
of prospects in a variety of trades, from electronics
technicians for devices and systems, 8 specialists
and biological and chemical laboratory technicians,
industrial business management assistants, indus-
trial mechanics to Bachelor of Arts Accounting and
Controlling and Bachelor of Science Business In-
formation Technology. In the reporting year, we
also offered additional training opportunities in
Schweinfurt for process mechanics, industrial elec-
tricians for devices and systems and warehouse lo-
gistics specialists.

In !"#$, we provided more than !,$1" apprentices
with vocational training together with the Fresenius
Group. In addition, in the past year more than -" stu-
dents were enrolled in work-study courses such as
accounting and controlling, business information
technology, electrical engineering and healthcare
management that we offer in cooperation with the
Fresenius Group and several universities. We will
continue to expand the choice of work-study courses
to respond to growing internal demand.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
96

2.8

EMPLOYEES

Fresenius Medical Care apprentices were once again
recognized for their outstanding performance in the
financial year, garnering local Chamber of Com-
merce awards. In previous years, we have been able
to take on all apprentices and work-study trainees
who completed their courses with good grades and
intended to stay in our Company.

Through our involvement in and with schools, we
aim to continue getting young people interested in
a career at Fresenius Medical Care. To this end, we
organize information days, visits to plants, intern-
ships and job application training courses. For exam-
ple, in September !"#$ we were involved in the
“Training Night” at our Group headquarters in Bad
Homburg. At this event, students and parents were
able to find information about vocational training
and work-study courses as well as career prospects.
In Schweinfurt, where we produce dialysis machines,
we set up “wissenswerkstatt Schweinfurt e.V.” in
the reporting year in conjunction with other compa-
nies, associations and Schweinfurt city council. The
aim of the “wissenswerkstatt” is to make technol-
ogy more exciting and tangible for young people.

INCREASING MOTIVATION AND
IDENTIFICATION WITH THE COMPANY
WITH PERFORMANCE-RELATED PAY

Fresenius Medical Care is committed to paying its
employees in line with their performance and let-
ting them share in the Company’s success. Our

remuneration concept therefore comprises fixed
and variable components for most employees.

Bonuses increased again

We encourage our employees to identify with
Fresenius Medical Care by giving them a stake in our
Company’s success. Annual bonuses for all employ-
ees in Germany are based on the operating earnings
74G8C3 of the Fresenius Group. In !"#$, each eligible
employee received €!,#(+ for the preceding financial
year. Employees are given half of this amount in the
form of stocks. The other half is distributed as a cash
component.

Remuneration program as a long-term incentive

Since !"#, we have offered a remuneration program
as a long-term incentive. In this program, which is a
combination of a stock option plan and a phantom
stock plan, the exercising of options is linked directly
to the Company's success. Over a period of five
years, senior managers receive a total of up to #!H<
options for bearer shares or phantom stocks. They
can exercise these after a period of four years on
condition that the adjusted earnings per share 14;79
have increased by at least 8) in each year over the
four-year period. If this hurdle is cleared in one, two
or three years only, the options are reduced accord-
ingly. If earnings per share fall short of the mark
completely, the options are canceled. Some 8"" se-
nior managers worldwide participated in this pro-
gram in !"#$. Further information on the stock op-
tion plan and the phantom stock plan can be found
in the “Financial report”, starting on page 243.

7.2.8.5 Profit sharing
2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Figure in! 2,164 2,036 2,000 1,749 1,586
Number of eligible employees 3,325 3,231 3,068 2,918 2,765

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
97

2.8

EMPLOYEES

ENHANCING OUR ATTRACTIVENESS
AS AN EMPLOYER

As well as retaining talented employees at Fresenius
Medical Care, it is more important than ever that we
position ourselves on the job market as an interest-
ing and attractive employer to gain new qualified
employees.

Fresenius Medical Care gives students the opportu-
nity to acquire practical experience in various areas
of the Company: We offer internships, research,
project and graduate programs, and cooperate
closely with higher education institutions to enable
talented young people to get to know us as an
attractive employer early on. One example is our col-
laboration with the University of Applied Sciences in
Wurzburg-Schweinfurt 7AM 7§. As this college offers
students an excellent education in the fields of busi-
ness engineering, plastics technology, mechanical
engineering, engineering 8C and especially electrical
engineering with a focus on medical and auto-
mation technology, many of its students and gradu-
ates are attractive potential employees for
Fresenius Medical Care and in particular for our
Schweinfurt plant, where we develop and manufac-
ture dialysis machines. For this reason, we have
signed a cooperation agreement with AMI” includ-
ing provisions on scholarships and student excur-
sions to the plant, as well as lectures and semes-
ter-long projects within various divisions of our
Company.

We get the opportunity to meet young researchers
through measures other than classic recruitment ac-
tivities by cooperating with international higher ed-
ucation institutions in the area of research and de-
velopment or by supporting young scientists, for
example with their doctoral thesis.

To strengthen our public image as an attractive em-
ployer, we further enhanced our employer brand-
ing strategy in the year under review. It enables us
to address our target groups in an even more fo-
cused way, for example in cooperation with univer-
sities and other education institutions, at career
fairs or on the internet, and emphasize the wide
range of career opportunities for employees at
Fresenius Medical Care.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
98

CHAPTER 2.9

Responsibility

Sustainable action is a key factor of our Company’s success. Responsible
corporate governance and trust-based dialog with our stakeholders are
firmly embedded in our code of conduct. In addition, we assume
responsibility for protecting the environment and endeavor to improve
the carbon footprint of our products and services.

Fresenius Medical Care is also committed to social causes worldwide.

SECURING THE COMPANY'S FUTURE
BY ACTING SUSTAINABLY

For Fresenius Medical Care, sustainability means act-
ing responsibly to achieve business success as well
as environmental and social progress. We distin-
guish between the following three areas:

» Economic responsibility
> Responsibility for the environment
> Social responsibility

Fresenius Medical Care’s sustainability activities
again won plaudits in !"#$. Our Company has fea-
tured in the prestigious Dow Jones Europe Sustain-
ability Index every year since !""6, and was also
listed in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index
for the first time in !"#$. As part of the Carbon Dis-
closure Project 73. 5, which gathers and records in-
formation and data on 35T emissions and climate
risks, Fresenius Medical Care significantly improved
its assessment compared with the previous year.

WE ASSUME ECONOMIC RESPONSIBILITY

Our business activities are based on responsible
management with a focus on integrity, sound corpo-
rate governance and adherence to compliance prin-
ciples. We also expect and encourage our employ-
ees and managers to behave impeccably from an
ethical standpoint. Our code of conduct, which is
applied in every division worldwide and forms the
framework for correct conduct towards our stake-
holders, shows how seriously we take our corporate
responsibility. It is based on our Company's core val-
ues of quality, honesty and integrity, innovation and

progress, as well as respect, teamwork and dignity.
It also emphasizes our commitment to operate in
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations
and our own Company policies. Our code of con-
duct and the underlying corporate values also in-
clude Fresenius Medical Care’s commitment to re-
specting human rights, and govern our actions, as
do the &E Guiding Principles on Business and Hu-
man Rights. Further information on corporate gover-
nance, compliance and the remuneration of Man-
agement Board and Supervisory Board Members at
Fresenius Medical Care can be found in the “Corpo-
rate governance report” starting on page 128.

We engage in dialog with our stakeholders
Fresenius Medical Care places great importance on
cultivating regular, trust-based dialog with its stake-
holders, including our suppliers. Our procurement
strategy is geared toward purchasing high-quality
materials and components through long-term mu-
tual relationships with our suppliers. In !"#$, we also
launched an initiative in strategic purchasing that
focuses on the ecological and social aspects of the
procurement process. The emphasis is on environ-
mentally sound and resource-e%cient production as
well as fair and humane working conditions at our
suppliers. In the next few years, we aim to roll out
this initiative worldwide to ensure that sustainability
is also taken seriously in the supply chain. Further
information can be found in the chapter “Procure-
ment and production” starting on page 78.

We treat our employees responsibly
Fresenius Medical Care is aware of its responsibility
towards its employees. By ensuring fair working and
pay conditions, continuous personnel development
and a healthy work-life balance, Fresenius Medical

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
99

2.9

RESPONSIBILITY

Care aims to become more attractive as an employer.
Further information can be found in the chapter
“Employees” starting on page 92.

We are continuously enhancing our occupational
safety measures and standards. In the &.”., we have
established a formal certified program to review en-
vironmental and occupational safety standards, to
which all production facilities and laboratories are
subjected on an annual basis. Audits are performed
to monitor compliance with regulations from the &.’.
Occupational Safety & Health Administration, the De-
partment of Transportation and the Environmental
Protection Agency in addition to state and local stat-
utes. At the end of August !"#$, Fresenius Medical
Care North America received the “Safety in Excel-
lence Award” for the #+" time from the &.’. casualty
and property insurer 3E/. This award honors the
Company’s commitment to its employees’ health, to
safety, damage prevention and risk prevention.

In the 4<4/>/ region (Europe, Middle East, Africa and
Latin America), we have consolidated our subsidiaries’
experience in the area of occupational health to cre-
ate a central management system for occupational
safety in line with the standard G’ 5M’/’ #8""#. This
system is now incorporated in our integrated manage-
ment system. In the past financial year, the first of our
dialysis clinics in Italy received the G’ 5M’/” #8""# cer-
tificate following a successful external audit. Our pro-
duction sites SisTer in Italy and *</. in France have
now also been certified according to G’ 5M’/” #8""#.

Research and development geared

to ethical standards
Whenever Fresenius Medical Care wants to launch a
new medical device or pharmaceutical product, the
Company is required by law to prove and extensively
document its effectiveness and safety based on
clinical studies. This means that it must be used with
a group of patients in a clinical environment over a
specified period.

Our industry is subject to extensive guidelines and
laws to ensure that no ethical principles are violated
during such studies, that physicians and institutions

carrying out studies on companies’ behalf have been
carefully selected based on their qualifications, and
that scientifically accepted methods are applied.
They include, for example, the declaration of the
World Medical Association, which prescribes basic
ethical principles for clinical research, 4& directives
on pharmaceuticals (such as Directive !""#l!"U43),
the 4& Medical Device Directive J<..$ and 8’5 stan-
dard #+#11, which defines the criteria for clinical in-
vestigation and reporting in clinical research.
Fresenius Medical Care’s clinical research is founded
on these regulations. In addition, we observe na-
tional laws and regulations such as the Pharmaceu-
ticals Act 7/<=9 and the Medical Devices Act 7<;=$ in
Germany, or the &.”. Food and Drug Administration
iA./$ regulations. Our own Fresenius Medical Care
Standard Operating Procedures combine these regu-
lations with internal rules to ensure that clinical
studies commissioned by us are carried out and doc-
umented properly. Before a study can even begin,
our application must be approved by ethics commit-
tees in the relevant countries.

We only use animal testing to obtain approval of
new products and forms of treatment where this is
prescribed by law. Such tests are carried out by
third-party research institutes in recognized test lab-
oratories, and are always first approved by an ethics
committee for animal testing. As a matter of princi-
ple, our strategy is to avoid animal testing and to
use alternative methods wherever possible. Further
information on our research and development can
be found starting on page 72.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
100

RESPONSIBILITY

WE ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

Environmental management enables us to imple-
ment environmental requirements and design our
operational processes to use resources as e%ciently
as possible, thus saving on costs. We practice envi-
ronmental protection at our Company mainly with
the aim of optimizing the use of resources and re-
ducing the associated 35T emissions. It also increas-
ingly supports our business divisions in creating
added value for our customers with eco-friendly
products and services. Last but not least, it ensures
that we as a Company take our responsibility to the
environment seriously.

Environmental management strategy
in our regions

Our decentralized corporate structure means that
we implement environmental management at a re-
gional level, as we do with most of our other oper-
ating areas. Our business regions step up their envi-
ronment-related activities from year to year. The
responsible environmental managers develop strate-
gies to enforce environmental protection at our pro-
duction sites and clinics and promote environmental
awareness among our employees. They also coordi-
nate environmental audits carried out by external
government agencies, institutions and our own au-
ditors at our production sites and clinics.

Environmental management is part of our integrated
management system in the 4<4/>/ region. The Ger-
man technical inspection association CRD Std regu-
larly controls compliance with the 65 #+""# environ-
mental management standard at our Company
headquarters, in our certified plants and at the certi-
fied national clinic organizations. At the end of !"#$,
eight of our European production sites (!"#!: seven)
and our medical product development were certified
according to 8’5 #""#. In addition, the environmen-
tal management system was in place in #$ national
organizations in Europe (!"#!: also #$).

Our environmental program for the 4<4/>/ region
defines five strategic environmental objectives. At its

production sites and clinics, Fresenius Medical Care
aims to:

> raise environmental awareness and encourage en-
vironmentally responsible behavior,

» enhance knowledge relating to strategic and oper-
ational environmental issues,

> increase the Company’s environmental performance,
for example its eco-e%ciency,

> improve control of environmental risks,

> ensure that environmental regulations are com-
plied with.

Together with the respective business divisions, our
environmental managers have derived a large num-
ber of individual environmental objectives from
these requirements for the individual stages of the
value chain, for example for research and develop-
ment, our production sites, and our dialysis clinics.
For instance, we intend to recycle or incinerate at
least 81) of production waste in the 4<4/ region by
!"#1. We have also set ourselves the target of reduc-
ing water consumption by #")) on average, electric-
ity consumption by () and blood-contaminated
waste by !")) per dialysis treatment from !"#! until
!"#1. We exceeded our targets for water consump-
tion and waste reduction as early as !"#$. Further
information can be found in the section “Environ-
mental management in our dialysis clinics” in this
chapter, starting on page 101.

Environmental management
at our production sites
In !"#$, led by St.Wendel, our largest production
site in Europe, we developed performance indica-
tors for energy use and raw materials consumption
to verify the environmental performance of our pro-
duction processes. This also allows us to identify un-
tapped potential in a production process that has
already been largely optimized. In addition, we in-
troduced an energy management system certified
according to 375 1"""# in St. Wendel, which we will
be expanding to all German sites in !"#+. By evaluat-
ing the energy e%ciency of all our processes and
systems in the course of this Germany-wide rollout,
we aim to identify further potential savings and

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
101

2.9

RESPONSIBILITY

derive measures from them. In the past financial
year, we started construction of a gas turbine to
generate energy in St. Wendel; in future, it is ex-
pected to supply 6") of the site’s electricity needs.
The new turbine also enables us to cut emissions on
site by around $").

In addition, we implemented further environmental
projects at our production sites worldwide in the
!"#$ financial year: At our SisTer plant in Italy, we
achieved an approximate 6") saving in packaging
materials by building new packing stations. At our
site in Walnut Creek and after the relocation to
Concord, California, in autumn !"#$, we managed to
reduce waste by -1) year-on-year through various
initiatives. At our production site in Buzen, Japan,
we saved more than a quarter of the energy required
for sterilizing dialyzers with a new system for heat
recovery. And we have also implemented several
energy e%ciency projects since !"## at our Changshu
site in China: For example, we reuse waste water
from the reverse osmosis plant. In the area of pro-
duction, we have recycled condensation water
since !"#!.

Further information on the environmental projects
at our production sites can be found in the maga-
zine starting on page 42.

Ecologically sustainable dialysis products

We are continuously endeavoring to make our prod-
ucts and processes more environmentally friendly,
for example by using new materials with improved
environmental properties or developing new tech-
nologies that further reduce the resource consump-
tion of our dialysis machines. The aim is to provide
our customers with added value by helping them to
save on costs or fulfill environmental requirements
better.

To enable us to improve and report on the Com-
pany’s environmental performance in the long
term, it is essential to track and analyze the impact
of our products and services on the environment
over their entire life cycle (ecological audit). In the
year under review, we therefore implemented the

“Comparative life cycle assessment” project, which

links information on product design, resource effi-
ciency in production, logistics and the use of prod-
ucts in dialysis. Data sources include in particular
internal environmental reports, product specifica-
tions and data from external ecological audit data-
bases. The aim of this project is to determine and
compare the ecological performance of different
products within a uniform product group on the
basis of the European Commission's §>3-. (Interna-
tional Reference Life Cycle Data System) recom-
mendations. We carried out this project with nine
different types of acidic dialysis concentrates. Con-
sequently, we can now highlight especially envi-
ronmentally friendly products and provide substan-
tiated information on the environmental impact of
our products, for example in discussions with cus-
tomers. Moreover, we can use this information in
the development of new products and to improve
existing ones.

Environmental management in our dialysis clinics
One of our core objectives is to further reduce the
impact of dialysis treatment on the environment
while saving on resources and ensuring cost e%-
ciency. We manage this by using ecologically sus-
tainable dialysis products as well as constructing
environmentally friendly dialysis centers.

In !"#$, we again pursued our aim of expanding our
portfolio of environmentally friendly dialysis clinics.
For instance, we opened an environmentally com-
patible dialysis clinic in Stockport, England, that is
certified with the G?44/< Excellent design sea
(Building Research Establishment Environmenta
Assessment Method). This is a widely used certifica
tion method for buildings based on particularly stric
and up-to-date environmental standards for sustain-
able design. We opened another “green” dialysis
clinic in Jossigny, France, where we introduced vari
ous e%ciency measures to reduce average water
consumption by $1) and electricity consumption by
!"}) compared with a standard dialysis unit. In addi
tion, we have started building or renovating many
more environmentally friendly dialysis centers in the
4<4/ region.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
102

2.9

RESPONSIBILITY

In North America, internal guidelines also ensure
that the equipment, fixtures and furnishings in our
clinic buildings and interiors are as environmentally
compatible as possible. We meet or surpass industry
standards for the insulation of roofs, walls, doors
and windows. When purchasing water treatment
systems for dialysis, we also increasingly ensure that
these use resources and energy e%ciently. In !"##, a
clinic in the &’. equipped by Fresenius Medical Care
received environmental certification in accordance
with the &.’. >44. standard. >44. stands for “Leader-
ship in Energy and Environmental Design” and es-
tablishes guidelines for resource conservation and
sustainability in construction. In !"#$, we also re-
ceived 8’5 #""# environmental certification for one
of our dialysis centers in the &.’. for the first time.

Following on from the previous year, we continued
our cooperation with the European Dialysis and
Transplant Nurses Association/European Renal Care
Association 14.CE/V4?3/9 in the !"#$ financial year.
This stems from the “Go Green in Dialysis” initiative,
which we launched in conjunction with 4.CE/V4?3/
in !""6. One result of this cooperation was the publi-
cation in !"# of environmental guidelines for dialysis
specialists, which are now available in eight lan-
guages. To further raise awareness of environmental
issues in dialysis clinics, we presented an award for
environmental protection in dialysis together with
4.CE/14?3/ for the first time in !"#$ at the +!"¢ Inter-
national 4.CE/4?3/ Conference in Malmo (Sweden).
The award recognizes innovative ideas and outstand-
ing procedures and processes that contribute to en-
vironmental protection, particularly in hemodialysis.

In addition, we are continuously stepping up our
efforts to monitor the environmental status of our
European dialysis clinics: In the !"#$ financial year,
11 dialysis centers in the 4<4/ region carried out a
self-assessment following the motto “How green is
your dialysis clinic?” to rate the extent to which key
environmental protection measures are already in
place on site. The questionnaire covered topics
such as clinic and building management, energy
and transport, water and concentrates, waste and
materials. For example, clinics were asked if they
have people in charge of energy, water and waste

management, whether environmental protection proj-
ects have been carried out and whether the building
is equipped with photovoltaic elements. The results
of the analysis demonstrate in particular the environ-
mental management of water consumption in our
dialysis centers.

A central element for managing the e%cient use of
resources in our dialysis clinics in the 4<4/>/ region
is our clinic software e-conl, which we have in-
stalled in our clinics since !""8 to establish a com-
prehensive environmental management system in
the region. Of our dialysis centers, 1"# in Europe
7T!"#t: 4119 and #(8 in Latin America 7!"#!: -19 use
e-cont, enabling them to gather and compare envi-
ronmental performance data and implement poten-
tial improvements quickly. The results show that this
system has enabled us to systematically reduce wa-
ter and energy consumption as well as the amount
of blood-contaminated waste in our dialysis centers
in the past few years. They also show that we ex-
ceeded most of our reduction targets for dialysis
clinics based on the 4<4/>/ environmental program
as early as !"#$, two years earlier than the originally
set target date of !"#1 — see charts 2.9.1, 2.9.2 and 2.9.3 on
page 103.

In the &.”., we are working to improve environmen-
tal management in our dialysis clinics with the help
of an external service company that records and doc-
uments energy and water consumption in all our clin-
ics on an ongoing basis. This company also checks
and settles the corresponding energy and water bills
and compiles analysis reports on subjects such as
greenhouse gas emissions and our carbon footprint.

In addition, we train our employees at our dialysis
centers to raise their awareness of how they
can contribute to environmental protection on a
day-today basis. For example, our environmental de-
partment in Bogota (Colombia) initiated a “Green
Day” for all employees with activities covering all
aspects of environmental protection. Furthermore,
as part of the “Environmental Leaders” program in
Colombia, we train volunteers in clinics, who then
go on to support the implementation of environ-
mental projects.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
10

Ww

2.9

RESPONSIBILITY

WE ASSUME SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

In a global market, Fresenius Medical Care has a
decentralized organization with a high degree of
responsibility at local level. This also applies to our
Company's social commitment. As a result, we not
only support globally active organizations and proj-
ects, but also in particular regional and local initia-
tives, which are as diverse as our employees. Our
main focus in this respect is on projects aimed at
the common good that follow the principle of
helping people to help themselves and have a
long-term impact.

c. 2.9.1

2009

Development of the average electricity consumption

per dialysis treatment

2010

2011

2012

2013

Commitment to a better quality of life
As a dialysis company, our objective is to continuously
improve the quality of life of kidney patients. Above
and beyond our core range of products and services,
we pursue this aim by cooperating globally with re-
gional and international associations and institutions
that champion the interests of dialysis patients. In ad-
dition, we develop our own initiatives to help patients
lead a healthier and more active life. In the &.’., for
instance, we sponsor the Renal Support Network, a
charitable association run by and for patients with
chronic kidney failure. This aims at providing patients
and their families with health information, giving

100%
103%
101%
98%
97%

Source: Clinical software e-con5 for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa

Cc. 2.9.2

2009

Development of the average water consumption
per dialysis treatment

2010

2011

2012

2013

100%
98%
94%
91%
87%

Source: Clinical software e-con5 for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa

rp Cc. 2.9.3

2009

Development of the average amount of blood contaminated waste

per dialysis treatment

2010

2011

2012

2013

100%
93%

80%
74%
69%

Source: Clinical software e-con5 for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
104

2.9

RESPONSIBILITY

them more confidence in their everyday lives and
strengthening their initiative.

In Brazil, we provide financial and professional sup-
port to the Fundagao do Rim, a charitable founda-
tion committed to helping young dialysis patients in
the province of Rio de Janeiro. This organization
campaigns to provide children and adolescents with
medication and access to kidney transplants by rais-
ing the awareness of the authorities and the public,
and promotes the establishment of more pediatric
dialysis units in hospitals. At the same time, it orga-
nizes special programs for young patients, such as
exercise, art and music therapy classes, and trains
parents in how to deal with their children’s disease.

In Colombia, we have set up our own foundation to
help us promote our patients’ health and well-being
beyond actual dialysis treatment. The Fundacién
Fresenius is financed by donations from industry, our
employees and private individuals. For example, it pro-
vides patients with a hot meal after dialysis treatment;
for many of them, this is the only meal of the day. It
also offers free travel between home and the dialysis
center for patients in need. In the !"#$ financial year, a
large number of patients also took part in cultural and
sporting events organized by the foundation.

In Argentina, one in three dialysis patients leave
school with no qualifications, and therefore have
di%culty reading and writing. Their low level of edu-
cation also limits patients’ quality of life. It makes it
harder for them to find a job, and amplifies the typ-
ical problems of living with dialysis, such as the need
to comply with the treatment plan and take medi-
cation in a disciplined fashion. As part of a joint

program with the Ministry of Education of Buenos
Aires province that we have been rolling out for sev-
eral years, we now offer classes at ten of our dialysis
centers for patients, enabling them to earn their
school-leaving certificate.

Using our expertise and network
for social commitment

Fresenius Medical Care organizes and supports sci-
entific conferences with international nephrology
experts as well as training programs for doctors and
dialysis specialists worldwide, thereby helping to en-
sure quality in dialysis. This is especially important in
regions where modern healthcare standards are still
being developed. One example of this is our partner-
ship with the Sustainable Kidney Care Foundation.
We support the foundation via our subsidiary, the
Renal Research Institute. This promotes projects,
mainly in Africa, to give patients with acute kidney
failure access to dialysis treatment in regions with-
out an existing supply structure.

Raising public awareness
Fresenius Medical Care is also involved in raising
health awareness among the general public. One ex-
ample is the “pre-4”?.” campaign in the &.’., which
aims to draw media attention to the risk of kidney
disease. The idea of the campaign is to motivate
people to pursue a lifestyle and diet that help them
to avoid kidney damage and completely prevent kid-
ney failure as far as possible. It also enables them to
recognize the symptoms of kidney disease and en-
courages them to get treatment in time before there
is no alternative to dialysis. To this end, we offer in-
formation to the media on chronic kidney failure
and interviews with our nephrologists.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
105

2.9
RESPONSIBILITY

Our employees also use the World Kidney Day each
year to inform people about the negative impact of
kidney disease as well as the connection between
kidney and cardiovascular disease.

Our emergency aid in crisis situations

In crisis situations and in the event of global disas-
ters, the Company as a whole fulfills its responsibility
to society. We provide funds, dialysis machines and
medical supplies to institutions that need specific
aid at short notice. Our global crisis team can be
deployed immediately to provide help during hurri-
canes or other natural disasters. In November !"#$
ourcrisis teams and volunteers from Fresenius Medical
Care went into action in regions on the Philippines
that were affected by the Typhoon Haiyan to help
patients and provide them with their life-sustaining
dialysis treatments. For more information about our
crisis teams, see the chapter “Our dialysis services
business” starting on page 87.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
106

CHAPTER 2.10

Risk and opportunities report

Risk and opportunities management is an integral component of manage-
ment and control within the Company. As a company with global
operations, Fresenius Medical Care is naturally exposed to risks associated
with its business activities. Ultimately, we can only leverage opportunities
for our business if we are willing to take certain risks. Many years of
expertise and our extensive knowledge of the markets enable us to uncover
and assess risks and opportunities for our business.

RISK MANAGEMENT

We see risk management as the ongoing task of de-
termining, analyzing and evaluating the spectrum of
actual and potential risks within the Company's op-
erations and its environment, and, where possible,
taking corrective measures. The risk management
system, which is described in more detail below,
provides us with a basis for these activities. It
enables management to identify risks that could
jeopardize the growth or continued existence of
Fresenius Medical Care, and to take steps to mini-
mize any negative impact. As such, it is an important
component of Fresenius Medical Care's manage-
ment and governance.

RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Risk management is part of Fresenius Medical Care’s
integrated management system. The main objective
is to identify potential risks as early as possible to
assess their impact on the business activities and,
where necessary, to take appropriate countermea-
sures. Opportunities are not covered by the imple-
mented risk management system. The two pillars of
our risk management are the corporate controlling
function, which is used for the identification and
steering of short-term risks and the internal risk
monitoring system, which is typically used for the
identification and steering of mid- to long-term risks.
In the monitoring system, regional risk managers are
responsible for identifying, assessing and managing
potential as well as existing industry and market-re-
lated risks in their region and reporting them to the
regional 3A5s. Twice a year, the regional chief finan-
cial o%cers send their aggregated risk management

reports to the central risk management coordinator
who consolidates the reports and presents them to
the Management Board. The main focus lays on ma-
terial risks that could have a total negative impact of
€!1< or more in relation to the operating income.
The risk management reports contain further infor-
mation on potential risks. The Management Board is
informed directly and immediately of any newly
identified significant risks (for Risk reporting see chart
2.10.1 on page 107). The effectiveness of the risk manage-
ment system is monitored by the Audit and Corpo-
rate Governance Committee of the Supervisory
Board. More information is available in the “Report
of the Supervisory Board” starting on page 22 and in
the “Declaration on corporate governance” starting on
page 128.

In addition to risk reporting, standard reporting to
management is an important tool for managing
and controlling risks, as well as for taking preven-
tive measures in a timely manner. Therefore, the
Management Board of Fresenius Medical Care is
informed on a monthly basis about the industry sit-
uation, our operating and non-operating business,
and the outcome of analyses of our earnings and
financial position, as well as of the assets position
on a quarterly basis.

Part of our risk management system is the Global
Internal Audit department which is regularly in-
formed about the results of the risk management
system. iC audits a selected number of Company
departments and subsidiaries worldwide each year.
The department works according to internationally
accepted standards of the Institute of Internal Audi-
tors 18/3. The scope of internal auditing is wide-
spread and involves, among others, the efficiency of

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
107

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

controls over business processes, the reliability of
special parts of financial reporting and compliance
with accounting regulations and internal policies.
The Company's locations and units to be audited are
determined annually on the basis of a selection
model taking various risks into consideration. This
annual audit plan is reviewed by the Management
Board and approved by the Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board. It
comprises financial audits of individual balance
sheet positions, as well as full audits of all business
processes of subsidiaries or business units. All audit
reports are presented to the Management Board.
The Global Internal Audit department is also respon-
sible for monitoring the implementation of mea-
sures documented in the reports. The Management
Board is informed about the implementation status
on a quarterly basis. The Audit and Corporate Gov-
ernance Committee of the Supervisory Board is also
informed of the audit results. In !"#$, a total of
$6 audits were carried out at the Company's various
worldwide sites.

Nevertheless it is important to note that even a func-
tioning and adequate risk management system like
the Company's cannot guarantee that all risks are
fully identified and controlled.

p— C. 2.10.1

Risk reporting

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FOR THE GROUP’S
ACCOUNTING PROCESS

Fresenius Medical Care’s internal control system
over financial reporting ensures compliance with ap-
plicable accounting standards. The goal is to provide
reasonable assurance that the Group financial state-
ments are issued in accordance with appropriate ac-
counting principles. The Company’s internal report-
ing process is generally carried out at four levels and
ensures that financial data and key figures are reli-
ably recorded, processed and controlled. At each of
these four reporting levels — the local entity, the re-
gion, the segment and the entire Group — the figures
and data are compared regularly on a monthly and
quarterly basis with the previous year’s values, bud-
get targets, and the latest projections. In addition,
the Management Board and the departments re-
sponsible for preparing the annual and consolidated
Group financial statements discuss in-depth all pa-
rameters, assumptions and estimates that substan-
tially affect the Group and segment results reported
externally. The Audit and Corporate Governance
Committee of the Supervisory Board also reviews
current quarterly results and compares them with
budgets and projections.

Audit and Corporate Governance Committee
of Supervisory Board

v

v

Management Board | <

v

Corporate Controlling and Accounting | <

Risk management report International segment
and Group Corporate
(aggregated status reports)

Risk management report North America segment
(aggregated status reports)

A

Risk management International segment
and Group Corporate

4

Risk management North America segment

ceoee Assessment of general and specific risks and identification of new risks;
review and consolidation of risks in the Risk Management Report.

—— Reporting and review of Risk Management Report.

— Ad hoc risk reporting (considerable new risks).
Reporting of Risk Management Report.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
108

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

Control mechanisms and compliance
The internal control system contains guidelines and
instructions that ensure, for example, that all
Fresenius Medical Care transactions are presented
accurately, or that significant earnings and expenses
are only recorded after management approval.

Further control mechanisms to ensure reliable finan-
cial reporting and correct recording of transactions
within the accounting and the consolidation process
include automated and manual reconciliations, as
well as the separation of certain personnel functions
to prevent potential conflicts of interest. The fact
that all process owners assess the risks of their re-
spective processes in terms of their implications for
accounting also ensures that risks with a direct im-
pact on financial reporting are identified and that
controls are in place to minimize these risks. Changes
to accounting standards are discussed on an ongo-
ing basis and considered in the preparation of the
financial statements. Employees responsible for fi-
nancial reporting are given regular and extensive
training to be up to date with changes regarding
accounting standards. The consolidation is per-
formed centrally by the department which is respon-
sible for the group accounting. The basis for the
consolidation is derived from reporting packages
and sub-group consolidated financial statements
prepared and submitted by the local group entities.
The preparation of the reporting packages and the
sub-group consolidated financial statements is per-
formed according to the requirements and guide-
lines issued by the department which is responsible
for the group accounting.

Furthermore, Fresenius Medical Care has imple-
mented comprehensive quality management sys-
tems and a compliance program, which is moni-
tored continuously, in all of its regions with the
intention to ensure that its business activities are in
line with recognized standards as well as local laws
and regulations. Monitoring compliance is a man-
agement task at all the Company's decision-making

levels. An important element of the compliance pro-
gram is the code of conduct that is effective in all
regions and considers the locally different legal and
ethical standards. It encourages our employees
worldwide to conduct themselves in a professional
and responsible manner at all times. More informa-
tion on this can be found in the “Compliance” sec-
tiON starting on page 135.

Special control and transparency

requirements in the u.s.
As Fresenius Medical Care is also listed on the New
York Stock Exchange, it is required to adhere to the
requirements of the &.’. Sarbanes-Oxley Act 77509.
Section +"+ of this federal law stipulates that the
management boards of companies listed in the &.’.
must take responsibility for implementing and ad-
hering to an appropriate internal control system to
guarantee reliable financial reporting. Based on this
requirement, we review the design and operating
effectiveness of our internal control system over fi-
nancial reporting on a regular basis. These criteria
are also included in the review by the Company’s
independent auditors.

To assess the effectiveness of our internal control
system over financial reporting, we apply the criteria
of the 355 model see chart 2.10.2. This was developed
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission and is recognized as a
standard by the Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion 17439. In accordance with the 355 model,
Fresenius Medical Care’s internal control system
over financial reporting is divided into the five levels
control environment, risk assessment, control activi-
ties, information and communication, as well as the
monitoring of the internal control system. Each of
these levels is regularly documented, tested and as-
sessed.

Our review of the internal control system over finan-
cial reporting complies with a specific 743 guideline
(Commission Guidance Regarding Management's

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
109

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting).
For our review, we use a special software which takes
into account the definitions and requirements of this
guideline. In a first step, regional project teams coor-
dinate the assessment of the internal control system in
each region, after which the results are consolidated
for the whole Group. Based on this, management
then evaluates the effectiveness of the internal control
system for the current fiscal year. External advisers are
consulted as needed. A corporate steering committee
meets several times a year to review changes and new
requirements of the 50, to discuss possible control
deficiencies, and derive further measures. In addition,
in its meetings, the Audit and Corporate Governance
Committee of the Supervisory Board is informed regu-
larly of the results of management's assessment.

As of December $#, !"#$, management assessed
Fresenius Medical Care’s internal control system
over financial reporting and deemed it effective.

Internal control systems over financial reporting are
subject to inherent limitations, no matter how care-
fully they are designed. As a result, there is no abso-
lute assurance that financial reporting objectives can

p- C. 2.10.2

Control environment! >

Risk assessement! >

Control activities >

Information and communication’ >

Monitoring! >

y/////
y/////
yf / //

COSO-framework

,

< Operations
<3 Financial reporting

i)
"

be met, nor that misstatements will always be pre-
vented or detected.

RISK AREAS

Of all the risks identified for the Group, the follow-
ing section examines those risk areas or individual
risks that could, as it stands today, materially affect
Fresenius Medical Care's financial position. Our busi-
ness operations may also be impacted by other
factors that we are not currently aware of or signifi-
cant changes in factors we do not currently deem to
be critical. To the extent possible and economically
viable, we obtain Group-wide insurance cover for
insurable risks.

Risks related to the economy as a whole

The international business activities of Fresenius
Medical Care are subject to a number of political,
legal and financial risks, which we carefully monitor
and assess in addition to the general development
of the global economy. We also conduct continuous,
intensive analyses of country-specific risks with our
international markets in mind.

<< Compliance

Activity 1
Activity 2
Unit 1
Unit 2

# Entity level wntrols.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
110

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

Industry risks
Risks related to changes in the healthcare market
are of major importance to Fresenius Medical Care.
Key factors here are new products and therapies de-
veloped by competitors as well as regulatory changes
in the healthcare sector.

Company strategy and competition

We carry out research and development activities to
counter the risk of a competitor impairing our sales
opportunities with its products and processes or of
our strategy falling short of the trends in the mar-
ket. We work closely with the medical and scientific
communities to allow us to quickly identify and fur-
ther develop important technological and pharma-
ceutical innovations. These alliances also guarantee
that Fresenius Medical Care has extensive knowl-
edge of recent advances in alternative treatment
methods and enable us to evaluate and, if neces-
sary, adjust our corporate strategy. Based on this,
we analyze and evaluate trends and review the
progress of research and development projects on
an ongoing basis.

Additionally, we closely monitor the market, espe-
cially the products of our competitors and newly
launched dialysis-related products. This includes
pharmaceutical generics and patented drugs for
kidney patients, as they can affect the business
with drugs distributed by Fresenius Medical Care.
The Company maintains internal strategic depart-
ments that monitor the markets, whose main tasks
are to identify and analyze all activities that could
affect the dialysis market and the Group’s business,
and communicate these within the Company on a
regular basis. This helps us to quickly react on new
market conditions.

Last but not least, our many years of experience and
our leading position in the dialysis industry give us a
competitive edge, as do the synergies resulting
from the teamwork between the various technical,
medical and academic institutions within our verti-
cally integrated Group.

Legal conditions in the healthcare sector

In the highly regulated environment in which we
operate, changes in the law, such as those relating
to reimbursement, can have a major impact on
Fresenius Medical Care’s business success and strat-
egy. For this reason, we not only carefully monitor
regulatory activities and planning, but also work
intensively with government healthcare agencies.

Details on the changes in the reimbursement system
in the &.”., our most important market, can be
found in the “Healthcare and reimbursement sys-
tems” section starting on page 53 and in the “Capital mar-
ket and shares” chapter starting on page 28.

Risks associated with operating activities
We counter potential risks in our business with
products and services with preventive and quality-
enhancing measures.

Quality risks in production, for products
and processes

We ensure that we comply with legal and Company
product and production regulations first and fore-
most by means of extensive quality management
systems in our regions. In implementing these regu-
lations, our employees have access to documented
process and work instructions. Regular audits are
carried out by authorized quality management staff
at each of our production sites to ensure adherence
to the guidelines. The audits cover all areas and
aspects related to quality, from management and
administration to development, production and
customer satisfaction. Furthermore, the production
processes in our plants are inspected by external
bodies, for example in Europe by Technischer Uber-
wachungsverein 7CRDI and by the Food and Drug
Administration 7A./9 in the &.’.

We also apply the methods of Lean Management
and Six Sigma see glossary on page 287 in our plants. These
management tools are used to analyze and improve
all production processes to permanently reduce the
error rate. Our goal here is to achieve more consis-
tent production results and to continuously improve
the quality of our products and related production

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
111

2.10
RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

processes. Quality management in our production
sites is centrally coordinated by our international
business unit Global Manufacturing Operations
7=<5$ with the aim of identifying and managing
quality risks even better. For further information on
=<5, see the “Procurement and production” chapter

starting on page 78.

Like all blood cleansing procedures that are per-
formed outside of the human body, dialysis is
associated with certain risks for the patient whose
occurrence could potentially damage Fresenius
Medical Care’s reputation. National as well as in-
ternational standards and laws stipulate binding
safety standards for dialysis products. In addition,
we have created our own quality guidelines for re-
search and development that in part exceed the
legal requirements.

We also document our research and development
work in comprehensive scientific studies and publi-
cations; we produce detailed product information
packs and instructions for users of our products, and
conduct risk and error analyses according to the
most stringent criteria. In addition, Fresenius Medical
Care focuses on developing procedures and devices
within the scope of a continuous product improve-
ment process, to minimize as far as possible the risk
of a patient being harmed due to a technical fault or
human error.

Quality risks for our services
The very nature of the medical services we provide
to patients at our dialysis clinics presents inherent
risks. These include operational risks, for example
in the area of hygiene. We counteract these with
strict organizational and operational procedures,
ongoing personnel training and by gearing our
working methods to patients’ needs. In Europe, for
instance, our healthcare services quality manage-
ment system, certified according to 8’5 6""#, is part
of our integrated management system. In the &.’.,
our quality improvement program successfully
complies with the standards outlined in the Kidney
Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative 7: .5=8) and the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services 73<’9.

We assess both our treatment data and our meth-
ods in annual internal audits to enable us to im-
prove our processes and treatment results for the
long-term. Our clinic quality management system is
also audited each year by external certification in-
stitutes such as the German CRD or 3<’ in the &.’.
As a consequence, we are able to quickly identify
quality flaws and risks and to remedy them in a
timely manner.

Our quality management also includes environmen-
tal management, as environmental resources are
used for manufacturing dialysis products and the
operation of dialysis centers produces clinical waste.
More information on this can be found in the
“Responsibility” chapter starting on page 98.

Risks in research and development

The risk of goals not being achieved or being
achieved much later than anticipated is inherent in
the development of new products and therapies.
Most new products have to undergo comprehen-
sive, cost-intensive preclinical and clinical tests be-
fore they receive regulatory approval and are
launched on the market. All products, packages,
applications and technologies are continuously
and systematically monitored, tested and im-
proved. The development cycle for products made
by Fresenius Medical Care is generally substantially
shorter than for pharmaceutical products. It nor-
mally takes between two and three years from
concept to market launch. Fresenius Medical Care
counteracts risks in research and development
projects by regularly analyzing and assessing de-
velopment trends and reviewing the progress of
projects. Furthermore, we ensure that the legal
regulations governing clinical and chemical-pharma-
ceutical research and development are strictly ad-
hered to. Our research team for dialysis products
develops new products and technologies in close
cooperation with representatives from the medical
and scientific communities. For further information
see the “Research and development” chapter starting
on page 72.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
112

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

Patent risks

One of the typical patent risks faced by Fresenius
Medical Care is inadequate protection in the form of
patents for technologies and products developed by
the Company. This means that competitors could
copy our products without incurring comparable
development costs. To mitigate this risk, we have
installed a comprehensive patent management pro-
gram with defined processes, responsibilities and
reporting lines.

In addition, Fresenius Medical Care could infringe
the patent of a competitor and thus be liable for
damages; this could result in a ban on the Company
further selling the affected product. We minimize
this risk by systematically monitoring and reviewing
patent applications by competitors as well as issued
patents to ensure that our products do not infringe
the rights of third parties. However, as the claim of
a patent, i.e. its scope, cannot be determined until a
product has been launched, this risk can never be
fully eliminated.

Procurement risks

We impose comprehensive quality standards on sup-
pliers to counter the risk of low quality in sourced
raw materials, semi-finished goods and other com-
ponents. For example, we demand that our suppli-
ers provide certification from external institutes and
undergo regular audits; in addition, Fresenius Medical
Care carries out extensive evaluations of sample
products and regular quality control checks. We
source only high-quality products that are verifiably
safe and suitable from certified suppliers that meet
Fresenius Medical Care’s specifications and require-
ments and have a proven track record in manufac-
turing these materials. These suppliers are constantly
evaluated as part of our exacting supplier manage-
ment system.

Our purchasing strategy is aimed at developing
partnerships with strategic suppliers through long-
term contracts and building relationships with new
high-performing partners. At the same time we try

to ensure that we have at least two sources for all
supply and price-critical primary products (dual
sourcing, multiple sourcing). This strategy in combi-
nation with ongoing monitoring of market develop-
ments enables us to minimize the risk of bottleneck
situations considerably, even at times of limited
availability of materials. All relevant suppliers are sub-
ject to regular Company-wide performance and risk
monitoring. More information on this can be found
in the “Strategic purchasing: Trust-based supplier re-
lationships, consistent quality” section on page 78.

Fresenius Medical Care is also exposed to market-
driven price fluctuations for raw materials. By contin-
uously conducting market analyses, shaping supplier
relations and contracts in accordance with our
needs, and reviewing the use of financial instru-
ments on a case-by-case basis, we are able to coun-
teract these fluctuations to a certain extent. The
intense cooperation between our procurement
teams in different regions means that we are able to
benefit from international pricing advantages and
manage risks related to currency fluctuations or de-
pendencies on individual suppliers. More informa-
tion on this can be found in the “Strategic purchas-
ing: Trust-based supplier relationships, consistent
quality” section on page 78.

Personnel risks

Our Company's success depends to a large extent on
the dedication, motivation and abilities of our em-
ployees. We counter the risk of not being able
to win and retain su%cient qualified personnel with
extensive personnel marketing and recruitment
measures as well as personnel development pro-
grams for specific target groups.

Our continued growth in the area of dialysis services
in particular depends on our ability to recruit and
retain qualified care personnel. Especially in the &.’.,
where we operate most of our dialysis clinics, com-
petition for such employees is intense. As a result,
we are currently extending various measures and ini-
tiatives aimed at further increasing the satisfaction

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
113

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

of our clinic personnel, maintaining their high level
of motivation and further lowering the fluctuation
rate in our clinics. We base these efforts on the re-
sults of extensive clinical employee satisfaction anal-
yses. Our UltraCare Clinical Advancement Program
1&3/ 59 in the &.”. is one example of such an initiative;
more information can be found in the “Employees”
chapter starting on page 92.

Our personnel management department addresses
the overall risk of not being able to attract or retain
highly qualified personnel. Its job is to find and cul-
tivate new talents with targeted measures. Fresenius
Medical Care offers employees a challenging work
environment and long-term perspectives for their
professional development. Furthermore, our employ-
ees enjoy performance-based bonus payments and
attractive social benefits. Detailed information relat-
ing to personnel management can be found in the
“Employees” chapter starting on page 92.

Risks due to non-compliance

with laws and standards
Fresenius Medical Care has developed a code of
conduct that applies to employees in all regions,
specifying their conduct within the Company as well
as towards our patients, external partners and the
public, and encouraging them to comply with appli-
cable laws and Company standards at all times. To-
gether with our overall compliance program, this
code is intended to help us meet our own expecta-
tions and those of our partners, and to successfully
align our business activities to recognized standards
as well as applicable laws and regulations. Further
details on our compliance program can be found
starting on page 135.

Risk of dependency on major customers
In addition to a number of state-owned and public
health insurance funds, Fresenius Medical Care’s
customers include private health insurers and com-
panies. Our biggest private-sector customer, &.’. di-
alysis clinics operator DaVita, is also the second larg-
est provider of dialysis services in the world. DaVita

accounted for about #) of Fresenius Medical Care’s
total revenue in !"#$.

Acquisitions and investments

Fresenius Medical Care assesses potential financial
risks arising from acquisitions and capital expendi-
tures early on with the help of internal and, if neces-
sary, external specialists. Potential acquisitions and
investments are analyzed by an internal committee
(Acquisition Investment Committee, /23) based on
minimum requirements relating to a number of pa-
rameters, with the objective of ensuring that the de-
cision to buy or invest is profitable. The profitability
of acquisitions and investments is also monitored
after the event on the basis of these key indicators.
More information on corporate management and
control can be found starting on page 44.

Financial risks

The main financial risks that affect our Company are
currency and interest rate risks. We use derivative
financial instruments to protect us against these
risks, but not for trading or speculation purposes.
All transactions are conducted with highly rated
banks (the majority have at least an “/” rating) that
have been approved by the Management Board.

We use interest rate hedging instruments to avert
the risk of rising interest rates from our floating
rate long-term debt. A sensitivity analysis revealed
that if the relevant reference interest rates for the
Company like Libor increased by 1" basis points,
based on the current high level of hedging, the neg-
ative effect on the net income (attributable to share-
holders of Fresenius Medical Care AG &Co. KGaA)
would be around #). The interest derivatives expire
in !"#(.

Our foreign exchange exposures primarily result
from transactions such as sales and purchases
between Group companies located in different re-
gions and currency areas. Most of our transaction
exposures arise from sales of products from Group
companies in the euro zone to other international

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
114

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

business units. The foreign exchange risks are there-
fore related to changes in the euro against various
other currencies. To hedge against these risks, we
generally use foreign exchange forward contracts.
The estimation and quantification of transaction
risks from foreign currencies is determined accord-
ing to the statistical model Cash-Flow-at-Risk (CFaR).
CFaR indicates the amount of a potential loss of the
forecasted foreign exchange cash flows of the next
twelve months that occurs with a probability of 61).
As of December $#, !"#$, Fresenius Medical Care’s
CFaR amounted to *1".1<. Please see the “Financial
report” for further details starting on page 187.

Debtor risks

To reduce the risk of delayed or non-payment by
customers, we evaluate the credit standing of new
customers and review the credit limits of existing
ones. We monitor outstanding receivables of exist-
ing customers while assessing the possibility of de-
fault. For further details on outstanding receivables
please see the “Financial report” on page 187.

Legal risks

Risks associated with litigation are continuously
identified, assessed and reported within our Com-
pany. Fresenius Medical Care is involved in various
legal proceedings resulting from our business opera-
tions. For details on ongoing proceedings and fur-
ther information on material legal risks to which
Fresenius Medical Care is exposed, please refer to
the “Financial report” starting on page 252.

Tax risks
Fresenius Medical Care is subject to tax audits, which
can lead to secondary changes in tax assessments and
assessments of withdrawal restrictions. Risks resulting
from this are continually identified and evaluated.
Further details on ongoing legal proceedings and
more information on major tax risks of the “Finan-
cial report” can be found on page 252.

IT risks

As Fresenius Medical Care continues to grow in size
and become more international, the processes
within the Company are increasingly complex. Ac-
cordingly, we are dependent to an ever greater ex-
tent on information and communication technolo-
gies to structure our processes and harmonize them
between different regions. Fresenius Medical Care
uses constantly updated and newly developed hard-
ware and software to prevent potential security risks
in the area of information technology 7Ci. With the
help of our Information Security Management
System 7b’<’$, which is based on the internationally
recognized security standard 8’5 !-""!, we continu-
ously enhance 8 security guidelines and processes
within Fresenius Medical Care. Business data is
backed up regularly. The frequency of these backups
depends on how important the respective &C system
is for our business. Potential §C risks are covered by a
detailed disaster recovery plan, which is tested and
improved on an ongoing basis. Fresenius Medical
Care operates three data centers at geographically
separate locations, each with an associated disaster
recovery plan, to maximize the availability and data
security of our BC systems. We use a mirrored infra-
structure that creates a copy of critical systems,
including clinical systems as well as the communica-
tion infrastructure and servers. To minimize organi-
zational risks such as manipulation and unautho-
rized access, access is protected by passwords that
must be changed regularly. With our strategy of op-
erating three separate data centers (at major geo-
graphic regions) we further reduce the risk of com-
plete, worldwide system outages. Moreover,
Company guidelines relating to data protection,
which also regulate the assignment of access rights,
must be observed. Compliance is monitored with
controls including those relating to Section +"+ of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; please refer to page 106. Oper-
ational and security audits are carried out every year
both internally and by external auditors.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
115

2.10
RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

Other operating risks
Potential risks from the construction of new produc-
tion sites or the introduction of new technologies
are considered early on in the planning stage and
reviewed on an ongoing basis. When building new
production units, we use internal milestones and
continuously monitor whether they are achieved.
Further preventive risk management measures limit
the effect of environmental factors on our business:
Many of our proprietary dialysis clinics have emer-
gency generators to ensure that life-saving dialysis
treatments can be continued even in the event of a
complete power failure. Furthermore, in the &.’. for
example, a Fresenius Medical Care emergency team
(disaster response team) steps in all-season during
natural disasters such as hurricanes to professionally
coordinate relief efforts and provide dialysis treat-
ment for patients in the affected regions. More in-
formation on this can be found in the “Dialysis ser-
vices in emergency situations” section starting on page 91.

Additional information about the risks of Fresenius
Medical Care can be found in our consolidated
financial statements and the !"A on our website at
www.fmc-ag.com in the section Investor Rela-
tions/Publications.

OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

In addition to systematic risk management, we en-
sure the Company's long-term success through ho-
listic opportunities management. The aim is to iden-
tify opportunities as soon as possible, assess them
and initiate suitable measures to turn them into
commercial success for Fresenius Medical Care.

Much of Fresenius Medical Care’s business is orga-
nized regionally. This enables us to identify indus-
try-specific trends and requirements as well as the
ensuing opportunities in the various regions at an
early stage and gear our actions towards them. To

make the most of business opportunities, we also
perform comprehensive quantitative and qualitative
analyses. These include evaluating market data and
studying research projects closely, while taking gen-
eral societal trends into consideration — see the
“Strategy, objectives, and corporate management”
section starting on page 44. We monitor general eco-
nomic, industry-specific, regional and local develop-
ments as well as regulatory changes in equal mea-
sure. The close cooperation between our strategy
and planning departments and managers from other
corporate divisions allows us to recognize opportu-
nities globally and as early as possible.

We evaluate the ideas for growth initiatives that we
develop on this basis in the course of our annual
budget planning, and continuously throughout the
year if required. We manage the necessary invest-
ments to implement the projects using a detailed
coordination and evaluation process. The Manage-
ment Board sets the investment budget for the
Group as well as the investment targets. Before con-
crete investment projects are realized, an internal
committee examines the individual projects and
measures, taking into account the return on invest-
ment and potential return. Among other things,
commonly used approaches such as the net present
value and internal interest rate methods are used
here; payback periods are also included in the as-
sessment. In this way, we try to ensure that we only
make and implement investments and acquisitions
that actually can shareholder value.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
116

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

OPPORTUNITIES

As a vertically integrated dialysis company, Fresenius
Medical Care can offer almost all of the products
and services that a patient with chronic kidney fail-
ure requires for treatment. Our $,!1" dialysis clinics
in more than +1 countries form the largest and most
international network in the world. As a result, we
possess valuable dialysis expertise that is unique in
the industry. Thanks to this wealth of experience,
we understand that high quality is not only the key
to a better quality of life for patients, but can also
make a significant contribution to reducing the costs
of healthcare. Based on this knowledge and our
business model, we see several opportunities for fur-
ther growth, which are explained in greater detail in
the following section.

Industry-specific opportunities
The dialysis market is a growth market that is gener-
ally unaffected by macroeconomic influences. This
can be partly explained by the fact that an aging
population requires increasingly comprehensive
medical care. In addition, due to the steady demand
for dialysis products and services, Fresenius Medical
Care is subject to economic fluctuations only to a
relatively small extent. More information on this can
be found in the “Overall economic environment”
section starting on page 49 and the “Outlook” chapter

starting on page 121.

Patient growth and demographic development
According to estimates, the number of people
worldwide suffering from chronic kidney failure and
requiring dialysis treatment is rising by around ()
annually. This number is expected to reach around
!.-<in U"#+. By !"!", the number of dialysis patients
amount to more than $.8<. Several social trends
contribute to this growth in patient numbers. In Eu-
rope and the &.’., for example, these include the
aging population and the increasing incidence of di-
abetes and hypertension, two illnesses which fre-
quently precede the onset of chronic kidney failure.
In developing and emerging countries, the growing

population and the gradual access to dialysis caused
by the increase in wealth are key factors that boost
demand for dialysis products and services. We want
to continue to make a significant contribution to
meeting this demand in the future.

Changes in legal and political conditions
Whether or not private companies can offer dialysis
treatment in certain parts of the world and in what
form depends on the country’s healthcare system
and its legal framework. For Fresenius Medical Care,
Opportunities to tap into new markets or to expand
its market share arise if a country opens up to pri-
vate dialysis providers or allows cooperation be-
tween public and private providers for example with
Public Private Partnerships. These decisions are in-
creasingly influenced by the following factors:

>In many countries, the resources for financing,
managing and providing healthcare services are be-
coming ever scarcer. This situation has worsened as
a result of the financial and economic crisis.

> At the same time, providing the population with
increasingly comprehensive medical services presents
a challenge for healthcare systems. This is due to
longer life expectancy and the associated increase in
concomitant diseases, or because fully-functioning
healthcare provision is still being established.

> Dialysis is a complex life-sustaining procedure,
which places high demands on a healthcare system
in terms of expertise and e%ciency. For these rea-
sons, public healthcare providers are increasingly
looking to work with private providers to develop
high-quality, sustainable healthcare solutions for pa-
tients with chronic kidney failure. This presents a
huge opportunity for Fresenius Medical Care.

One example is Germany, the fifth-largest market
worldwide in terms of the number of dialysis pa-
tients. We lead the market here with our products.
Dialysis centers are predominantly operated by doc-
tors in private practice, hospitals, and non-profit

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
117

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

organizations; however, for a number of years,
Fresenius Medical Care has also offered dialysis ser-
vices in medical care centers. These are facilities for
outpatient care managed by doctors with different
areas of expertise who are employed as salaried
physicians. At the end of !"#$, we were involved in
#( medical care centers 7!"#!: #9. As an experienced
partner, we want to continue to support our cus-
omers in setting up new structures in the German
healthcare system, and take advantage of this op-
portunity to strengthen our business in the long
erm. In Japan, where dialysis centers are primarily
managed by private nephrologists, new sales oppor-
unities could also open up for private companies
such as Fresenius Medical Care in the long term if
hese are approved as clinic operators in Asia’s larg-
est dialysis market.

Public private partnerships
In some countries, public private partnerships 7; 559
promise to be an attractive business model for
Fresenius Medical Care. These are contractually de-
fined project alliances between the public sector and
private companies in which both partners assume a
specified share of a project's financing, tasks, risks,
and opportunities. Here, too, our broad expertise in
dialysis gives us a competitive edge, as it enables us
to make suitable offers for various levels of care for
hospitals and health insurances as well as local or
national authorities. Depending on the contract, we
can set up new dialysis clinics and install the equip-
ment, train medical personnel on quality, hygiene
and nutrition or manage the clinics ourselves on the
terms agreed. ;;; therefore offers an opportunity
for both partners: The public sector benefits from
private investments in the dialysis infrastructure
based on high standards of treatment, from the
transfer of knowledge on quality, technology and
management issues, and from the operational e%-
ciency of a global dialysis company, helping it to pro-
vide patients with better and, at the same time,
more cost-effective healthcare. In turn, Fresenius
Medical Care can tap into new markets, expand its
market share, and extend its range of products and

services with new forms of healthcare thanks to the
335 model. Partnerships of this type can also be the
first step towards complete privatization. We are
already part of ;;; initiatives, for example in Bosnia,
Portugal, Peru, New Zealand, India, Indonesia, South
Africa, Russia, Kazakhstan and in the United Arab
Emirates. The contracts are tailored to the respective
needs of the partners involved as well as to the local
legal conditions.

Growing demand for integrated healthcare
Cost pressures on the one hand and the growing
number of patients on the other are causing an in-
crease in global demand for a comprehensive or in-
tegrated healthcare concept for patients with
chronic kidney failure. This is based on the principle
of combining all healthcare services and therapies
related to the treatment of kidney patients — possi-
bly going even one step further to include the treat-
ment of concomitant diseases — to create an inte-
grated program that is tailored to the patient's
individual needs and the insurer's requirements. De-
pending on the contract and which elements a
healthcare system prescribes as part of basic treat-
ment, this program can include, for example, special
supplementary medical tests, drugs for kidney pa-
tients, the insertion and medical care of the vascular
access connecting a patient to the dialysis equip-
ment (vascular access management), or the patient's
travel to and from the dialysis center in addition to
dialysis itself. This comprehensive care from a single
source improves the way in which the different
stages of treatment are coordinated and managed,
minimizes complications and thereby avoids addi-
tional stays in hospital, which are a significant bur-
den for patients, as far as possible. This improves
the patient's quality of life and the quality of treat-
ment while reducing the overall costs of treatment.

Payors increasingly no longer reimburse the compo-
nents of this type of integrated treatment sepa-
rately but combined in a “service bundle”, which is
linked to contractually defined, measurable treat-
ment targets on which the dialysis provider must

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
118

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

provide regular reports (pay for performance). These
quality parameters are generally based on estab-
lished national and international guidelines regard-
ing good treatment practice for kidney patients and
in some cases even exceed them. Failure to meet
these criteria results in measures ranging from a re-
duction in the reimbursement to a full withdrawal
of the license.

Integrated healthcare using the pay for performance
model offers opportunities for all those involved:
Dialysis patients can enjoy a sustainably improved
quality of life; pooling healthcare provision with a
single provider reduces the overall costs of treat-
ment as resources are used more e%ciently, and
makes these costs easier to control and calculate for
the public sector and for health insurers. Dialysis
providers can in turn expand their range of services
by providing the additional services required by the
contract. Fresenius Medical Care is particularly well
placed to offer integrated treatment programs with
a high level of quality for chronically ill kidney pa-
tients for several reasons: As a manufacturer of lead-
ing dialysis products and an operator of the largest
international dialysis clinic network worldwide, we
have long-standing experience in providing compre-
hensive care for dialysis patients. Thanks to the high
quality and reliability of our products and services,
we enjoy a very good reputation in the industry. In
addition, we use sophisticated internal feedback
instruments to measure and compare the success of
treatment at our clinics and to quickly identify any
potential for improvements. More information can
be found in the magazine starting on page 28.

Opportunities related to our business operations
Expanding our portfolio horizontally
Dialysis drugs supplement our range of dialysis ser-
vices and products, enabling us to expand our port-
folio horizontally. In line with our strategy and the
increasing trends towards integrated healthcare,
they offer the Company further opportunities for

growth.

New products and technologies

If patient numbers grow as strongly as anticipated,
cost pressure continues to rise, and the capacity of
clinics is no longer su%cient to treat all patients,
home therapies look set to take on a more crucial
role. This development offers Fresenius Medical
Care opportunities for growth. In the future, we will
continue to focus our ?@. activities on home dialy-
sis and related technologies and products. Our key
objective is to reduce the usage of water for home
hemodialysis significantly to offer dialysis patients
e%cient and flexible machines for as much indepen-
dency and mobility as possible. Additionally, we will
continue to expand our range of innovative prod-
ucts and technologies in the future to react to
growth opportunities, increasingly also with the aim
of satisfying demand for integrated care in the best
possible way.

Internal organization and procedures

The way in which Fresenius Medical Care’s opera-
tional business is organized and managed presents
us with a series of opportunities that will help to
improve the Company's success in the long term. For
example, we use the Lean Management and Six
Sigma methods to analyze and better coordinate our
production processes worldwide in order to further
reduce both our defect rates and manufacturing
cycles. We are systematically expanding environ-
mental management at our production sites and
clinics to improve our operating e%ciency, for exam-
ple by saving resources; see the chapter “Procure-
ment and production” starting on page 78.

Acquisitions
By expanding our dialysis services business through
acquisitions as well as sourcing expertise and rele-
vant technologies in the area of research and de-
velopment, we are investing in our future growth.
The close collaboration between our strategy and
planning departments and the managers responsible
for our acquisitions ensures that we are able to iden-
tify suitable potential acquisitions worldwide as early

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
119

2.10

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

as possible. Further information on our acquisitions
in the year under review can be found in the section
“Acquisitions and divestitures” on page 58 and in the
section “Financial situation” starting on page 66.

Fresenius Medical Care’s business model
Finally, our business model also provides opportuni-
ties for our Company's future growth. As a vertically
integrated dialysis company, we not only offer al-
most all of the products and services that a patient
with chronic kidney failure requires for treatment,
we also use these on a daily basis in our own clinics.
Consequently, we benefit from the feedback of our
patients, physicians and dialysis nurses worldwide in
developing and manufacturing new products as well
as in organizing our clinic management.

MANAGEMENT'S ASSESSMENT
OF OVERALL RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

The Management Board bases its assessment of
overall risk on Fresenius Medical Care's risk manage-
ment system, which is regularly checked by third
parties and by senior management. The Company's
overall risk situation is determined by the risks
described above. In !"#$, there were no major
changes in the risk structure compared with the pre-
vious year. The Management Board is not currently
aware of any risks that threaten the continued exis-
tence of Fresenius Medical Care. The effectiveness
of this risk management system is monitored and, if
necessary, improved as part of the Company-wide
review of the integrated management system. The
Management Board will continue to expand our risk
management and its review of the associated man-
agement system to be able to identify, investigate
and assess potential risks even more quickly and
implement appropriate countermeasures. From an
organizational point of view, we believe that we
have created all the necessary conditions to allow us
to identify emerging risk situations early on and re-
act appropriately if need be.

We remain confident that our Group’s earning
power constitutes a sound basis for the growth
of our business and provides the necessary scope
to pursue any opportunities that arise for the
Company. In view of our leading position on the
dialysis market, our innovative strength, our com-
mitted staff and our structured processes for identi-
fying risks early on as well as in the area of opportu-
nity management, we firmly believe that we will
continue to successfully capture any opportunities
that may arise.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
120

CHAPTER 2.11

Subsequent events

In March 2014 Fresenius Medical Care announced
two changes in the Management Board. Until the annual report's
editorial deadline, no further significant events took place.

CHANGES IN
THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

In March !"#+ Fresenius Medical Care announced
two changes in the Management Board. Effective
April #, !"#+ Dominik Wehner will be new Member of
the Management Board responsible for the region
Europe, Middle East and Africa 74<4/$. He succeeds
Dr. Emanuele Gatti who will discontinue his Man-
agement Board position effective March $#, !"#+asa
personal choice. Dr. Gatti will continue to support
Fresenius Medical Care in selecting strategic oppor-
unities as well as represent the Company in several
external committees. In addition, and in combina-
ion with his academic activities, he will continue to
work for the Company to develop regenerative med-
icine and to improve dialysis and blood purification
herapies. Dominik Wehner began his career at
Fresenius Medical Care in #66+ and is currently Execu-
ive Vice President responsible for the regions Eastern
Europe, Middle East and Africa.

Also Dr. Rainer Runte, the Management Board Mem-
ber currently responsible for Global Law, Compli-
ance, Intellectual Property and Labor relations in
Germany, will step down from the Management
Board on March $#, !"#+. Until such time a perma-
nent successor to Dr. Runte is named, David Kembel,
Chief Compliance O%cer for Fresenius Medical Care
North America, will assume responsibility for Global
Compliance on an interim basis. Rice Powell as the
Chairman of the Management Board will assume
Dr. Runte’s remaining responsibilities until the search
for a General Counsel is complete. Dr. Runte will re-
main connected to Fresenius Medical Care through
his advisory role on matters of corporate law and
compliance.

ECONOMIC AND
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

There were no fundamental changes in the eco-
nomic and business environment in our field of activ-
ity. Dialysis continues to be a medically indispens-
able and life-saving treatment for acute or chronic
kidney failure for which there is no comparable al-
ternative treatment with the exception of kidney
transplantation.

We are currently not planning any major changes
which could lead to a significant impairment of the
asset, financial and earnings situation of our Company.

OVERALL ASSESSMENT
OF THE BUSINESS SITUATION

Fresenius Medical Care’s business development met
our expectations in the first weeks of !"#+.

From today’s perspective, we expect to achieve our
revenue, earnings and the other performance ratios
as planned. At this report's editorial deadline, the
current development of our business is basically in
line with our expectations.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
121

CHAPTER 2.12

Outlook

Having attained our targets once again in the last financial year,
we expect to perform moderately in 2014. Despite this, we are confident
that we are able to position our Company strategically in a way
that will allow us to continue on our growth path in the longer term.

BUSINESS POLICY

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading dialysis
company. We aim to consolidate and build on this
position in the years ahead. As always, the ground-
breaking principle of our corporate strategy is to fully
utilize the potential of the vertically integrated com-
pany. This means that we rigorously use the advan-
tages that arise from covering the complete value
chain of dialysis. Fresenius Medical Care’s main focal
points are holistic care of dialysis patients and dialy-
sis-related treatments. As well as our products, dialy-
sis treatment itself and a wide range of dialysis drugs,
we are increasingly offering additional care-related
services for our patients in many regions. These in-
clude laboratory and pharmacy services as well as
services relating to vascular access — an essential as-
pect of treatment for dialysis patients. There are no
plans to make significant changes to our business
policy. For further information on this, see the
“Operations and strategy” chapter starting on page 39.

GLOBAL ECONOMIC GROWTH
SET TO REMAIN STABLE IN 2014

The slight increase in the rate of expansion last year
is expected to be maintained in !"#+. The economic
upturn in the advanced economies is likely to con-
tinue. By contrast, the fast pace of growth sustained
over several years in the emerging countries is ex-
pected to slow down, as was the case last year.
Gross national product /=.;9 is likely to grow by
around $.-) worldwide in !"#+, following a rise of
1.6) in 1"#$.

North America segment:

slight economic recovery expected in 2014
A slight improvement in economic output is ex-
pected in the &.’. The impact of negative factors
following the financial crisis is gradually subsiding:
Household debt levels are decreasing, the number of
people unemployed has fallen and the real-estate
crisis seems to be over.

p T.2.12.1 Real gross domestic product
expected change from the previous year in %
2013 2014
U.S. 1.6 2.3
Germany 0.4 1.7
Euro zone -0.4 0.9
China 7.5 7.5
India 4.0 5.0
Asia 6.3 6.6
Latin America 2.7 3.9
> Worldwide 2.9 3.7

Source: Institute for the Global Economy at the University of Kiel Weltkonjunktur im Winter 2013 , December 19, 2013

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
122

2.12

OUTLOOK

International segment:
mixed development is anticipated again in 2014

Regional differences in terms of development are
anticipated in the International segment in !"#+. In
the overall assessment of the euro zone, a gradual
recovery of the economy is forecast. In the emerging
countries, the very fast expansion rate of the past
few years is likely to tail off further, particularly in
China and India. A slight economic upturn is ex-
pected in Latin America, mainly driven by increased
domestic demand and investing activities in Brazil in
preparation for the !"#+ soccer World Cup.

THE DIALYSIS MARKET
CONTINUES TO GROW

Fresenius Medical Care expects the number of dialy-
sis patients worldwide to grow by about () in !"#+.
Some significant regional differences will probably
remain. We anticipate a ! to +) increase in patient
numbers in the &.’., Japan, Western and Central
Europe. In these regions, the prevalence of chronic
kidney failure is already relatively high and patients

generally have reliable access to treatment, normally
dialysis. In economically weaker regions, the growth
rates are even higher with values of up to #"), and
in some countries even more. We expect patient
numbers to continue to rise in the coming years, see
chart 2.12.3 on page 123.

Demographic factors are one of the main reasons for
the continued growth of dialysis markets, including
the aging population and the mounting incidence
of diabetes and high blood pressure — two diseases
that often precede end stage renal disease. In addi-
tion, the life expectancy of dialysis patients is in-
creasing primarily due to ongoing improvements in
the quality of treatment and higher standards of liv-
ing, even in developing countries.

As a result of the anticipated differences in growth
rates, a higher proportion of patients will undergo
dialysis treatment in Asia, Latin America, Eastern
Europe, the Middle East and Africa in future. This
opens up huge potential for the entire spectrum of
dialysis services and products, as more than 8") of
the world’s population lives in these regions.

— T.2.12.2 Expected growth in patient numbers!

Growth in 2014
North America ~4%
U.S. ~4%
Europe/Middle East/Africa ~4%
EU ~2%
Asia-Pacific ~10%
Japan ~2%
Latin America ~6%
> Worldwide ~6%

# Internal estimates.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
123

2.12

OUTLOOK

We do not expect significant changes in treatment
methods. Hemodialysis will remain the treatment of
choice, accounting for about 86) of all dialysis ther-
apies. Peritoneal dialysis should continue to be the
preferred treatment for about #) of all dialysis pa-
tients. The volume of the worldwide dialysis market,
which amounted to about *-1GE last year according
to preliminary estimates, is expected to increase by
around +). This is based on the assumption that
exchange rates will remain stable in the forecasting
period. The overall volume of the dialysis market for
!"#+ could thus reach around *-8GE.

GROWTH AND FUTURE SALES MARKETS

In the product business, we have had our own sales
organizations in key growth markets in Eastern
Europe and Asia for several years and already hold
leading market positions. We serve small markets
via distributors. We want to continue to expand our
local range of products and local production. Acqui-
sitions can also help us to achieve our aim of
strengthening our business. In China, we intend to
further expand our alliances with hospitals. In addi-
tion to China, another Asian market that looks
increasingly promising is India. We have been repre-
sented on this product market through distributors
since the #66"s and an independent dialysis clinic

operator since the end of !"#!. We also plan to open
#1 to $" dialysis centers in India in the next five years.
Regional and local health authorities in India also
promote the public private partnership model 7; 559.
Therefore, we also intend to conclude correspond-
ing supply contracts with larger regional and munic-
ipal hospitals.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OF FRESENIUS
MEDICAL CARE IN 2014

Exchange rates

Fresenius Medical Care’s outlook for !"#+ is based
on the exchange rates at the beginning of !"#+. As
mentioned in the “Economic environment” section
starting on page 49, the relationship of the &.’. dollar to
the euro is especially important for Fresenius Medical
Care. In its forecasts, Fresenius Medical Care also
takes into account other exchange rates that are
particularly relevant to the economic performance
of its subsidiaries, such as the Taiwanese dollar
against the &.’. dollar or the Chinese Yuan against
the euro.

Revenue
We aim to further increase our revenue in the cur-
rent financial year to around *#1.!GE, which would
correspond to a growth rate of +).

p— €. 2.12.3 Number of dialysis patients worldwide — forecast to 2020!
inM
1970 1975 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020
4
2020: ~3.8 M dialysis patients ;}——»>
3
2
1

# Internal estimates.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
124

2.12
OUTLOOK

Operating income

As we operate in an environment in which cost in-
creases are not adequately offset by rising reimburse-
ment rates, we expect operating income for !"#+ to
be almost unchanged compared to !"#$ at around
* 1 IGE despite the growth in revenue. Consequently,
the operating income margin for !"#+ would be
around #+.1).

Net income
Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius
Medical Care AG &Co.KGaA is expected to be be-
tween *#.""GE and *#."1GE in !"#+, 1 to #") lower
than in !"#$.

The Company initiated a global e%ciency program
designed to enhance the Company's performance
over a multi-year period which should lead to sus-
tainable savings. Potential cost savings before taxes
in the amount of up to *("< generated from this
program are not included in the outlook for !"#+.

Earnings per share
For !"#+, we expect earnings per shares to decrease
in parallel with net income.

Dividend

Fresenius Medical Care intends to maintain its conti-
nuity-oriented dividend policy. At the Annual General
Meeting on May #1, !"#+, the Management Board
will propose a $) increase in the dividend to €".--
per share. Subject to the approval of the Annual
General Meeting, the shareholders can therefore
expect the dividend to increase for the #-" year in a
row since the foundation of Fresenius Medical Care
in #66(. In the subsequent years, we aim to align our
dividend development more closely to the growth in
earnings per share, while maintaining dividend con-
tinuity. Information on the proposed dividend in-
crease can be found in the “Dividend continuity”
section on page 32.

— 7. 2.12.4 Targets 2014

Results 2013 Targets 2014
Revenue $14.6 BN ~$15.2 BN
Operating income (EBIT) $2.3BN ~$2.2BN
Operating income margin 15.4% ~14.5%
Net income’ $1.1 BN $1.0BN to $1.05 BN
Net income growth"? -6% Decrease of 5% to 10%
In line with the expected
Basic earnings per share growth'2 -—6% development of the net income
Capital expenditures $700M ~$900M
Acquisitions and investments $500M ~$400M

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
in % ofrevenue 13.9% >10%
Free cash flow in % of revenue 8.9% >4%
Debt/EBITDA ratio 2.8 $3.0
Employees? 90,690 ~92,000

3% per ordinary share

Dividend to €0.77L Continuous dividend policy
Research and development expenses $126M ~$140M

# Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA.

$ Excluding an investment gain in 2012, net income growth in 2013 is+ 6%.
% Full-time equivalents.
& Proposal to be approved by the Annual General Meeting on May 15, 2014.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013

125

2.12

OUTLOOK

Investments and acquisitions

In !"#+, we intend to spend around *#.$GE on capital
expenditures as well as acquisitions and investments.
Capital expenditures should account for around
*6"" < or () of revenue in !"#+. Around 1") of this
amount is earmarked for expansion investments.
Approximately *+""< or $) of revenue is to be used
for acquisitions and equity investments.

In addition to the ongoing modernization of our di-
alysis clinics and production facilities, capital expen-
ditures will primarily be used to open new dialysis
clinics and expand our worldwide production capac-
ities as well as on dialysis machines within the
framework of long-term supply contracts. Addition-
ally, capital expenditures will be used to rationalize
production processes and to improve system sup-
port of internal processes. Furthermore, the Com-
pany is planning to continue making selective acqui-
sitions and investments to further consolidate the
global business. Thereto we intend to predominantly
acquire additional dialysis clinics, either directly or
by entering joint venture relationships.

Cash flow

In !"#+, net cash provided by operating activities is
again expected to account for more than #" ) of rev-
enue. With revenue forecast at around *#1.!GE, this
would result in a net cash provided by operating ac-
tivities of more than *#.1GE in !"#+. The free cash
flow is likely to reach more than +) of revenue in
"He.

Debt/EBITDA ratio
Fresenius Medical Care takes the debt/4G8C./ ratio
as its guideline for long-term financial planning. This
ratio was !.8$ at the end of !"#$. For !"#+, the target
figure is expected to be not above $.".

Financing
The Company's financing strategy gives top priority
to ensuring our financial flexibility. With our only
partly used credit facilities and accounts receivable

facility, Fresenius Medical Care has su%cient finan-
cial resources. We are pursuing a target value for
secured and unutilized credit facilities of at least
*o""< to *1""< here. For further information, see
the “Financial situation” section starting on page 66.

LEGAL STRUCTURE AND ORGANIZATION

The holding company of Fresenius Medical Care has
been a partnership limited by shares (Kommandit-
gesellschaft auf Aktien, KGaA) since !""(. Changes
to the legal form are not planned in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain our decentralized organi-
zational structure. In our view, this well-proven
structure ensures the best-possible flexibility and
adaptation to market requirements.

FUTURE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

We plan to spend approximately *#+" < on research
and development in the current financial year.

As a vertically integrated company, we aim to offer a
complete portfolio of high-quality products and ser-
vices for the treatment of chronic kidney failure that
can be adapted flexibly to local market conditions
and to the sometimes dynamic changes in health-
care systems and reimbursement structures.

In view of the growing challenge faced by health-
care systems to provide comprehensive, high-quality
yet cost-effective care for an increasing number of
patients, we want to use this extensive portfolio
more and more to offer our healthcare partners in-
tegrated concepts for patient care. Thanks to our
business model and our long-standing experience in
operating an international network of clinics, we are
in a particularly strong position to offer comprehen-
sive high-quality solutions of this kind from a single
source; see the “Opportunities” section in the “Risk
and opportunities report” starting on page 116.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
126

2.12

OUTLOOK

Accordingly, one focus of our research and develop-
ment work will be on developing innovations that
incorporate additional treatment elements into our
products and services or help to better align them —
always with the aim of improving the quality, safety
and cost-e%ciency of treatment in equal measure.
For example, we will be working on devices for our
hemodialysis machines that reduce the handling of
the bloodline system and its connections to just a
few operations, thus easing the workload of clinic
staff. We will also continue to look at new additional
functions for improving the quality and safety of
treatment.

In the interest of more comprehensive patient care,
we will also continue to focus our software develop-
ment efforts on developing integrated system solu-
tions for clinical quality data management. These
will be designed to enable a larger volume of data to
be captured faster and more easily and to enhance
the quality of the data, thus continuously improving
treatment.

We will also continue to look into the general issue
of how new scientific and technological findings
can be used to further improve the quality of life of
a growing number of patients with chronic kidney
failure, e.g. through innovations in home therapies.
Treatment safety will remain at the forefront of our
efforts to continuously improve our products and
services, and the concomitant diseases of chronic
kidney failure will also remain a focus of our re-
search.

Furthermore, we will continue to work on transfer-
ring the blood cleansing process used for dialysis
to other illnesses, like liver disease, septicemia or
certain autoimmune and metabolic disorders. In
the long term, we will continue researching new

approaches to treating severe kidney and liver dis-
ease based on regenerative medicine. To do this,
we work together with internationally renowned
scientific institutions and universities that conduct
research on adult liver and kidney stem cells. We
intend to further expand these strategic develop-
ment activities over the coming years.

Finally, we want to contribute further to reducing
the environmental impact of our products and ser-
vices during their lifecycle as far as possible.

EMPLOYEES

Due to the anticipated expansion in business, we
expect the number of employees to grow in the cur-
rent year. By the end of !"#+, the number of people
working for Fresenius Medical Care is estimated to

increase to around 6!,""" (full-time equivalents).

FUTURE USE OF NEW TECHNOLOGIES
AND PROCESSES

With the assistance of the Global Manufacturing
Operations division 7=<5$, we aim to help our re-
gions to keep on providing their patients and cus-
tomers with top product quality at the best price. At
the same time, we intend to enable our regionally
responsible Board Members and their teams to fo-
cus their work on developing and growing their dial-
ysis services business.

Development of the global supplier portfolio will re-
main a key focal point of =<5 in !"#+. The aim is to
reduce our product costs and offset currency and
supply risks. In addition, we plan to pay more atten-
tion to environmental and social aspects in the

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
127

2.12
OUTLOOK

procurement process at global level. The emphasis
is on the criteria of environmentally sound and
resource-conserving production as well as fair and
humane conditions at our suppliers.

We will continue to harmonize our processes glob-
ally along the manufacturing chain, for example by
migrating the current regional production systems
to a common information technology system in the
coming years. We will also introduce uniform §C sys-
tems in quality management, for example to docu-
ment our processes internally and for complaint
management.

In addition, we will strive to standardize improve-
ment measures (use of same measures) or harmonize
improvement measures (use of similar measures)
across all regions. This will enable us to better iden-
tify best-practice approaches and use our strengths
more effectively globally.

Our production strategy is geared towards manufac-
turing top-quality products in the right place at the
right time at the best possible price. To keep on
implementing this strategy successfully in the future,
we plan to diversify our network even more and
align it towards large production sites for making
technically sophisticated products for sale world-
wide as well as production facilities primarily inten-
ded for regional supply.

The report on expected developments describes how Fresenius Medical
Care is expected to perform in fiscal year !"#+. The report on expected de-
velopments takes all events known at the time of the preparation of
the financial statements into account which could affect the development
of our business in !"#+. As in the past, we are committed to achieve and, if
possible to exceed our targets. The outlook could be affected negatively by
risks and uncertainties. Additional information about the risks of
Fresenius Medical Care can be found in our consolidated financial state-
ments and the form !"-A on our website at www.fmc-ag.com in the section

Investor Relations/Publications.

Fresenius Medical Care 2013
