

--- Page 1 ---

Corporate social responsibility

Report by one of the Statutory Auditors, appointed as an independent third party,
on the consolidated Corporate Social Responsibility information presented in the management report

Appendix: List of CSR Information that we considered to be the

most important

Social performance indicators:

e Total workforce and breakdown by gender and geographical region,
including indicators of changes in employees by geographical region,
breakdown by type of contract (excluding trainees) and breakdown of
men/women by category

@ Hires and redundancies
e Absenteeism, including absenteeism rate

© Organisation of social dialogue, including an indicator of collective
agreements

e Workplace health and safety conditions
e Workplace accidents, in particular their frequency and severity

@ Training policies, including an indicator of the number of staff trained
(men and women)

e@ Number of training hours

e Respect for freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining
@ Elimination of discrimination in employment and occupation

@ Elimination of forced labour.

Corporate responsibility indicators:

© Corporate partnership or philanthropic actions, including an indicator of
total corporate philanthropic expenses

@ Inclusion of social and environmental criteria in the purchasing policy

e Extent of sub-contracting and consideration of the corporate responsibility
of suppliers and contractors in dealings with them

e Measures taken in favour of consumer health and safety.

Environmental performance indicators:
e Company organisation to address environmental issues
e Resources allocated to prevent environmental risks and pollution

Measures to prevent, reduce or remedy emissions into the air, water or
soil that seriously affect the environment

Water consumption and supply according to local constraints, including
an indicator of total water consumption

Measures to prevent, recycle and dispose of waste, including indicators
of non-hazardous waste (NHW), percentage of NHW recycled, percentage
of NHW recovered for energy, production of hazardous waste (excluding
waste oil, effluent and sludge) and sludge produced by internal purification
plants

Energy consumption, measures taken to improve energy efficiency and use
of renewable energy, including an indicator of total electricity consumption,
total natural gas consumption; total consumption of liquefied gas, and
total consumption of non-fuel fuel-oil

Greenhouse gas emissions (production and eco-logistics).

FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013 - GROUPE SEB « 81


--- Page 2 ---

82 « GROUPE SEB - FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013


--- Page 3 ---

COMMENTARY ON
THE FINANCIAL YEAR

4.1. 2013 HIGHLIGHTS

General environment

Currencies

Raw materials

Creation of Groupe SEB Egypt for household appliances

Fonds Stratégique de Participations acquires stake in SEB S.A.
Appointments to the board of directors and executive committee
Awards for Groupe SEB

4.2. COMMENTARY ON 2012 CONSOLIDATED
SALES

Product sales performance
Geographical performance

4.3. COMMENTARY ON THE CONSOLIDATED
RESULTS

Income statement
Balance sheet

4.4. OUTLOOK
4.5. FINANCIAL REVIEW OF SEB S.A.

Significant events of the year

FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013 - GROUPE SEB © 83



--- Page 4 ---

Commentary on the financial year
2013 Highlights

4.1. 2014 HIGHUGHTS

General environment

Macroeconomic conditions in 2013 remained strained and uneven. The
European economy stabilised after an especially troublesome 2012, but
did not find its way back to growth. The United States, by contrast, showed
some recovery, benefiting to household spending. In South America, where
general environment remained favourable but bumpy, demand was volatile,
particularly in Brazil. Demand in China, on the other hand, was on the right
track, with sustained growth, although at a slower pace than in 2010-2011. In
Russia, all business activity hit a sharp, pronounced slowdown in the summer
after three years of uninterrupted rapid expansion. In fact, several emerging
countries were impacted by the current economic stresses, along with social
and political unrest of varying proportions (in Brazil, Turkey, Egypt, Thailand,
etc.). In this uncertain and complicated climate, the massive depreciation
of several currencies against the euro, especially since the summer, has
been a destabilising factor for markets, as well as a challenge in terms of
competitiveness for a good many international companies.

In this environment, the market for Small Domestic Equipment, although
affected by these stresses and strains, remained positive. It was bolstered
both by product replacements and upgrades in mature markets, thanks

Currencies

Exchange rates continued to fluctuate wildly as in previous years. 2013 was
marked by the decline of many currencies versus the euro, in some cases
very sharply. The changes cited below are based on average exchange rates
for 2013 as compared to 2012. The Japanese yen plummeted -20.8% against
the euro following actions taken especially by the Central Bank of Japan
intended to boost the country’s exports. This drop presented only a minor
challenge to the Group in 2013, however, inasmuch as hedges placed in 2012
offered nearly complete protection against it. In addition, the downward trend
that had already been seen for several months in certain currencies like the
Brazilian real abruptly became worse and more widespread over the summer
months, prompting a decline in nearly all emerging-market currencies,
following the first announcements from the U.S. Federal Reserve signalling
a reduction in asset-buying. This is what happened, for example, to the
Russian ruble (down -5.7% against the euro), the Turkish lira (down -8.6%),
the Brazilian real (down -12.6%), the Ukrainian hryvnia (down -4.0%) and

84 « GROUPE SEB - FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013

to product innovation, and by the adoption of appliances by a fast-rising
middle class in new economies. Performance in the sector, however, varied
by product category: strong dynamic in food and beverage preparation,
home care (vacuum cleaners), fans (favourable weather) or cookware,
whereas linen care and electrical cooking declined flat. As in 2012, the
market was highly competitive and promotion-driven, a trend amplified by
the distribution industry, due to a price war waged at the retail level. The
uncertainty surrounding the entire year, incidentally, caused many distributors
to manage their inventories very cautiously, while holding their suppliers to
tight delivery times.

Lastly, the transformation of the retail sector continued, and at a faster pace
with: the rapid development of online commerce, development of the “Drive”
phenomenon in France, the decline of hypermarkets, the continued growth of
specialty stores. Taken together, these changes brought about a few defaults
and store closings, but no major business failures in 2013. The Group did
not undergo losses thanks to a judiciously managed commercial policy and
high credit insurance levels.

the Hungarian forint (down -2.6%). The decline was not limited to emerging
market currencies. The US dollar depreciated 3.2%, the pound sterling 4.5%,
the Canadian dollar 6.1% and so on. The Chinese yuan levelled off in 2013
(down -0.7%) after several years of appreciation.

These changes, which mostly occurred in the second half of 2013, resulted
in a negative effect on sales of -€116 million, recognised almost entirely
(-€106 million) in the second half-year, versus a positive effect in 2012 of
€114 million and a negative impact in 2011 of -€26 million. This trend also
hurt profitability, with a -€35 million impact on operating result from activity.
The dollar’s decline slightly mitigated this impact but did not offset it, as the
Group buys more than its sells in this currency. Therefore, in the second half
of 2013, the Group began to take such corrective actions as price increases
and strict cost controls, aimed at lessening the impact of foreign exchange
on profitability in the countries concerned.


--- Page 5 ---

Raw materials

The Group’s business is exposed to fluctuations in the price of certain raw
materials, including metals such as aluminium, nickel (used in stainless steel)
and copper. It is also exposed to price changes in plastics used in the
design of small domestic appliances. These exposures are direct, or indirect
if the manufacturing of the product is outsourced to subcontractors. Over
the course of the past few years, raw materials prices have experienced
great volatility: a jump up in 2007, then a collapse with the financial crisis
of 2009, a quick recovery based on economic stimulus plans, and back to
a downward trend since mid-2011. In 2013, raw materials prices came out
lower, particularly metals. With global demand flagging (lack of economic
growth in Europe, slowdown in China, pressures on several emerging
markets, etc.) raw materials saw prices decline throughout the year. On
average, in 2013, commodities hovered around levels lower than in 2012.

The price of aluminium fell by almost 9% in 2013 with an average price of
$1,845 per tonne ($2,020 in 2012). The price of copper followed the same
path (down -9%) with an average price of $7,325 per tonne, versus $8,065 in
2012. Lastly, nickel also experienced a significant drop in 2013 (-11%) with

Commentary on the financial year
2013 Highlights

an average price of $15,245 per tonne ($17,160 in 2012). The market prices
of the principal metals used by the Group ended the reporting period near
their yearly lows. It should be recalled, nonetheless, that in order to smooth
out the effect of these variations, the Group has implemented a hedging
policy for twelve rolling months for a significant portion of its metal needs.

Plastics remained generally stable in 2013, as they did in 2012. It should
be noted that the Group purchases mainly pre-manufactured plastic parts,
which means that these fluctuations have less of an effect on its purchasing
prices.

The prices of outsourced finished goods stabilised despite wage inflation
in China, owing to a broad-scale drop in raw materials, purchasing terms
negotiated and suppliers’ productivity gains. The Group’s index of purchased
finished goods for 2013 therefore was unchanged from 2012.

Given the stable Brent prices, maritime transport costs rose by 5% to 15%
depending on the line, after steep declines in shipping rates in 2012.

Creation of Groupe SEB Egypt for household appliances

During Q1 2013, Groupe SEB created a joint venture, 75%-owned by Groupe
SEB, with Egypt's Zahran industrial group, which is a market leader in Egypt's
small domestic equipment markets and was previously the Group’s leading
cookware retailer. Groupe SEB Egypt for Household Appliances marks
Groupe SEB’s first direct facilities in Africa, and is intended to boost the

Group’s sales in this country, which were previously made indirectly through
retailers. Operational since March, the joint venture was fully consolidated
but had limited impact on the financial statements for 2013.

Fonds Stratégique de Participations acquires stake in SEB S.A.

In June, the French investment fund Fonds Stratégique de Participations
(FSP) acquired a 5.25% stake in SEB S.A. This transaction was one of FSP’s
first investments. It was carried out on a friendly basis in full agreement with
the Group’s Board of Directors and Management and is intended to be a
long-term holding. In this way, FSP has demonstrated both its confidence in
the Group’s growth and its willingness to support its development.

As part of this long-term investment policy, FSP will be represented on
SEB S.A.’s Board of Directors by an independent director. At its meeting on
25 February 2014, the SEB S.A. Board of Directors, upon the recommendation

of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee (NRC), voted FSP onto
the Board and welcomed their permanent representative, Ms. Catherine
Pourre. At the recommendation of the NRC, the Board considers FSP as
an independent director. In addition, the Board named Ms. Pourre to the
Audit Committee, which she will chair, replacing Philippe Lenain, who, after
chairing the Committee for 14 years, expressed the wish to end his term in
office. This appointment will be submitted for ratification at the next SEB
S.A. General Meeting on 15 May 2014.

FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013 - GROUPE SEB « 85


--- Page 6 ---

Commentary on the financial year
2013 Highlights

Appointments to the board of directors and executive committee

On 14 May 2013, the Annual General Meeting of SEB S.A. approved the
appointments of Ms Laure Thomas and Ms Sarah Chauleur as directors
representing the Founder Group for a four year term and Ms Yseulys Costes
as an Independent director. It also renewed the FFP company’s tenure as
director on the Board of Directors; FFP is represented by Mr Christian
Peugeot.

Awards for Groupe SEB

In 2013, Groupe SEB received a wide variety of distinctions:

@ on 25 November 2013, the Group won the 7 Annual Finance Competition
held by the Lyons Chamber of Commerce and Industry. The award was for
a project implementing a global e-learning application to improve financial
and non-financial users’ command of the management tool. Given by the
Rhdne Alpes Auvergne chapter of the Association Nationale des Directeurs
Financiers et Contréleurs de Gestion (DFCG), the Award recognises the
exciting and innovative work being done in the region to implement highly
effective management concepts and tools. It singles out the Financial
Director or Controller of a business in the region for the appropriateness
of his or her management methods and the results they achieved;

86 « GROUPE SEB - FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013

On 1 June 2013, the Group announced the appointment of Vincent Léonard
as Senior Executive Vice-president, Finance. He joined the Groupe SEB
Executive Committee in March. He succeeds Jean-Pierre Lac who retired
on this date after holding this position within the Group for 12 years.

@ in 2013, the Group received the silver medal for the best investor relations
in the sustainable development category (after the gold in 2009 and silvers
in 2010 and 2012 in all categories combined.) These awards are given
out based on responses to a questionnaire sent to a selection of French
analysts and portfolio managers who are members of the French Society
of Financial Analysts (SFAF). The questionnaire covers criteria such as
clarity, transparency, availability and responsiveness;

the Group’s employability policy was recognised once again. On
5 February 2013, the Group received the “Jobs and Human Development”
award for its employability policy. This award, supported by the Ministry
of Industrial Renewal, is intended to honour the best initiatives taken by
manufacturers of mass consumption products in the area of Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR). A jury of experts in environmental, societal
and consumer products issues named the best initiatives in six different
areas, such as energy conservation or social action.


--- Page 7 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

4.2. COMMENTARY ON CONSOUDATED SALES

Change (based on exact figures, not rounded)

Sales (in € millions) 2012 Reported Like-for-like
France 666 688 -3.3% -3.3%
Other Western European countries 821 759 +8.2% +8.8%
North America 468 457 +2.3% +5.6%
South America 426 451 -5.5% +6.5%
Asia-Pacific 1,087 992 +9.6% +11.4%
Central Europe, Russia and other countries 693 713 -2.7% +0.7%
TOTAL 4,161 4,060 +2.5% +5.4%

Change (based on exact figures, not rounded)

Sales (in € millions) 4" grtr. 2013 4® grt. 2012 Reported like-for-like
France 252 250 +0.4% +0.4%
Other Western European countries 305 280 +8.9% +9.7%
North America 149 148 +1.0% +6.9%
South America 119 137 -12.7% +0.1%
Asia-Pacific 296 278 +6.6% +13.7%
Central Europe, Russia and other countries 207 230 -9.8% -3.9%
TOTAL 1,328 1,323 +0.4% +5.1%

The strained and uncertain overall economic environment that prevailed
throughout 2013 affected consumer spending in many countries. Demand
was fragile or volatile, markets were highly competitive and promotion driven,
and retailers drew down or tightly managed their inventories. The small
domestic equipment segment, though inherently resilient, was impacted by
volatile or sluggish demand and performed unevenly across geographies as
well as product categories.

With €4,161 million in 2013 sales, Groupe SEB’s reported growth stood at
2.5%, while organic growth was 5.4%. This solid organic growth rate, driven
by volume, reflects in particular a net rebound in business in the second half,
to +7.1% after a first-half at +3.1%.

Organic growth in sales by quarter in 2011, 2012 and 2013

In %

14

12

10

-2

-4
a a2

04

2011 2012 2013

FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013 - GROUPE SEB « 87


--- Page 8 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

As in 2012, demand varied from one country to another in 2013. On one
hand, growth was driven by Europe, the Americas and Asia-Pacific, with
a very strong momentum in China. On the other hand, revenue was down
in France, due mainly to the non-renewal of a major loyalty program with
a retailer. Sales declined in Turkey and have slowed substantially in Russia
since last summer, in an environment shaped by sluggish consumer
spending. In this contrasted environment, Group revenue rose by 4% in
mature markets (which accounted for 54% of 2013 revenue) and by 7% in
emerging economies (46% of the total).

Product sales performance

The Group relies on a product thrust driven by new concepts, the introduction
of new functional features, fresh designs, opening up new categories, the
geographical expansion of certain ranges, etc. Among these innovations, a
few products have been the locomotives pulling the whole product range. In
addition, the Group capitalised on its flagship products, striving to transform
them into product categories by conducting an in-depth work to exploit all
possible applications and thereby create a product family.

The Group’s product dynamic once again held strong in 2013, and it covered
an enlarged worldwide reach, with products specifically designed for certain
markets.

The various product categories contributed to the Group’s performance as
described below:

e@ home comfort grew strongly thanks to the fans driven by the Turbo
Silencio range in Brazil and new advances in ceiling fans, a market that
accounts for approximately one quarter of fan sales in Brazil and where
the Group had no presence at all two years ago. Colombia and Asia also
saw growth in this category. The Group’s air treatment business pursued
its gradual development;

home care showed solid sales growth. Bagless vacuum cleaners
continued their strong growth thanks to the introduction of the Xtrem
Power Cyclonic and the roll-out of the Compact Force Cyclonic. Upright
vacuums continued on their upward trend thanks to their deployment in
Japan and Korea. 2013 was also highlighted by the Group’s entry into the
robot vacuum cleaner segment;

food preparation grew in 2013. The business enjoyed high growth in large
food processors and blenders, two products that fit nicely into the current
major trends toward home-made and healthy food, which has been driving
the global food preparation appliance market for several years. The Group
now has a presence in the cooking food processor category with the
promising introduction in France of the Cuisine Companion late last year;

linen care saw a slight growth in sales from 2012 in a global market
in decline. Steam irons rose, particularly in the United States, Germany
and Mexico, and benefited from the continued success of the FreeMove
cordless iron. Steam generator sales rose slightly due to the expansion
of this category in Russia and the advertising campaigns produced in

88 « GROUPE SEB - FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013

Sales were heavily impacted by a negative -€116 million foreign exchange
effect (-€106 million of which was from the second half), in marked contrast
with the positive one recorded in 2012 of +€114 million. This effect was due
to the drop in most of the Group’s functional currencies against the euro.

Germany capitalising on the very good results obtained for two years in
Germany's leading product comparison, the Stiftung Warentest;

the personal care business increased sales slightly in 2013. In hair care,
despite the success of the Silence hair dryer range, the business ended
slightly in decline with a drop in straighteners, though clippers continued
to grow in a dynamic market. Steampod, the professional straightener
designed in partnership with L’Oréal, continued to grow and made a
positive contribution to the business’ sales. Depilation stayed even with
2012 and benefited from the success of SoftExtréme;

cookware saw higher sales in 2013, boosted largely by strong growth in
China, where Supor continued to gain market share. Fixed-handle frying
pans and saucepans grew significantly, primarily from a major loyalty
programme with a German distributor toward the end of the year. The
Ingenio ranges with removable handles, by contrast, were somewhat
softer due to the discontinuation of a similar programme with a French
distributor. Sales of pressure cookers fell off, suffering from sluggish
demand in the French market and slowing demand in Japan, despite the
very good performance of this product in Brazil;

electrical cooking achieved a year of modest growth, with mixed trends
product by product. Steam cookers were somewhat out of favour, which
held the business back, whilst yoghurt makers also lost sales after several
positive years. Conversely, the pressure cooker Cookeo saw a sharp
momentum in several countries: France, Spain, Portugal, Russia, Australia
and others. Rice cookers enjoyed very high demand, especially in Russia,
but also in China, bolstered by several new product launches. With sales
in the order of one million items, Actifry strengthened its market positions
globally (Canada, United-Kingdom, Thailand, etc.), whilst the Group made
new progress with traditional deep fryers in North America;

beverage preparation saw significant sales growth in 2013. In an
environment none the less competitive for single-portion coffee, the
Group grew in coffee partnerships, sustained largely by Nestlé’s marketing
efforts on behalf of Dolce Gusto. In full-automatic espresso machines, the
Group made new progress, especially by extending its product range, in
particular in Germany. In kettles, business grew thanks again to Japan
where sales reached record levels, while revenue of drip coffee makers
fell further due to the non-recurrence of promotional activities.


--- Page 9 ---

Geographical performance

BREAKDOWN OF 2013 BUSINESS ACTIVITY
BY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE

France: a subdued end to the year

In France, the end-of-year holidays failed to lift consumers out of the ambient
gloom, and the Christmas sales surge was considerably delayed because
shoppers not only deliberately put off their purchases until the last minute,
but also tended to wait for pre-Christmas bargains and promotions. The small
domestic equipment market echoed the overall trend, but confirmed a return
to moderate growth that began in the third quarter, both in cookware and
electrical appliances. The uptrend was led by particularly brisk sales of food
preparation appliances, vacuum cleaners and personal care products. All in
all, after falling short of the very high 2012 comparatives in the first half, the
Group turned the situation around. By returning to slight growth in the second
half of the year, with sales up 0.9% in the third quarter and 0.4% in the fourth,
Groupe SEB was able to limit the decline in annual revenue to just 3.3%. The
contraction was largely attributable to a major non-recurring loyalty campaign
that had inflated cookware revenue in 2012. Business was stronger in the
small electrical appliances segment, where the Group saw very successful
sales of food preparation appliances (e.g. kitchen machines, blenders, Soup
& Co heating blenders and Infiny Force mixers), handstick vacuum cleaners,
Cookeo multicookers and Dolce Gusto pod coffeemakers. In addition, market
shares rose to record highs in the ironing segment, helped by strong sales
of the Free Move cordless iron, in a nevertheless weakening market. Lastly,
the launch of the Cuisine Companion cooking kitchen machine was very
well received, with demand greatly outstripping supply.

Other western EU countries: solid momentum

Despite a complex, generally dull macroeconomic environment, in a
fluctuating, uneven small domestic equipment market, the Group had an
excellent year in other Western EU countries. After a significant slump in
2012, due to the effects of the economic crisis, business benefited from
a combination of several more favourable factors in 2013: low prior-year
comparatives, an end to the economic downturn in Southern Europe, the
launch of major loyalty programs with retailers and a solid product dynamic
underpinned by strengthened growth drivers. Revenue was higher in virtually
all countries in the region, particularly in Germany, with an excellent second
semester, where business was driven, at the end of the year, by a major
loyalty campaign set up with a retailer in the cookware segment. Groupe SEB
also delivered a very good performance in the United Kingdom throughout
the year, achieving significant advances in Ingenio cookware and food
preparation appliances, and generating record sales of Actifry fryers. Lastly,
2013 saw very solid growth in Spain, mainly thanks to a Dolce Gusto loyalty
operation launched in the first half of the year, and particularly vigorous
growth in Portugal. However, sales for the full year were stable in Italy, where
demand slowed considerably in the fourth quarter.

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

North America: a very satisfactor

In a relatively dynamic overall market environment, the Group enjoyed
sustained growth in 2013, with the pace of expansion gathering speed in
the fourth quarter. In the United States, where the market trended more
favourably while nevertheless remaining intensely competitive, the Group
leveraged renewed vigour in the cookware segment, gaining new retail slots
for the T-fal brand and enjoying a strong recovery in All-Clad sales in the
second half of the year. In electrical appliances, growth was robust in ironing
systems, thanks to new advances by Rowenta in the premium steam iron and
garnment steamer segment and the ongoing deployment of T-fal mid-range
product offering in mass-retail. At the same time, the new All-Clad waffle
makers and slow-cookers were a hit with consumers and the Optigrill smart
grill launched in September generated encouraging initial results. Business
was healthy in Mexico, particularly in cookware and linen care, but annual
sales were down on 2012 at constant exchange rates due to a non-recurring
loyalty program. In Canada, in a solid market, the Group’s sales trajectory
remained highly positive. A very good overall performance was achieved for
the year, along with new market shares gains, thanks to Actifry and other
flagship products in the ironing and cookware categories.

Note that Groupe SEB acquired Canada’s Coranco on 16 December 2013
with the purpose of obtaining direct control of Lagostina product marketing
operations in Canada. Through this acquisition, Groupe SEB significantly
strengthens its positions and becomes the unrivalled leader in the cookware
market.

South America: sustained growth, but volatile sales

In South America, 2013 was shaped by the ongoing, significant depreciation
of the Brazilian real, which led to very large gaps between the year-on-year
change in revenue as reported and at constant exchange rates. In Brazil,
added to these currency effects, economic uncertainty and social unrest led
to erratic demand and mixed performances from one quarter to the next:
dynamic start to the year, second quarter penalized by weak sales in June,
robust third quarter, end-of-year conditions tighter due to a combination
of slower consumer spending and the adverse impact on fan sales of cool
weather, in contrast to the very buoyant 2012 season. Nevertheless, organic
growth was strong for the year, led by sales of electrical appliances such as
the Planetaria kitchen machine, the Dolce Gusto pod coffeemaker, steam
irons and new 10kg-capacity semi-automatic washing machines, which more
than offset a decline in cookware. In Colombia, the economy remained firm
and consumer spending was quite strong. After a soft beginning of the
year, Groupe SEB regained a certain degree of momentum along the year,
despite the absence of specific commercial operations. Momentum was
particularly strong in the linen care segment, while fan sales were also higher
and demand improved for pressure cookers as well as for cooking utensils
and accessories, leading to market share gains. The Group had a good year
in Argentina, shaped by significant organic growth.

FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013 - GROUPE SEB « 89


--- Page 10 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

Asia-Pacific: a decisive contribution to growth

2013 sales were robust in the heterogeneous mix of markets comprising
the Asia-Pacific region, with most countries experiencing increased
demand. China was the regional heavyweight and the largest contributor
to growth. The Chinese small domestic equipment market picked up after
an anaemic 2012, with Supor achieving a very substantial improvement
in locally generated revenue to outperform the competition and gain new
market share. This energetic performance was attributable to a strong
product dynamic, constantly fuelled by innovation and range extension. In
cookware, the Thermospot range was expanded with the introduction of new
woks and other items, and the launch of stainless steel and Clipso pressure
cookers was exceptionally well received by retailers and consumers alike. In
small electrical appliances, local best-sellers went from strength to strength
and the launch of new products such as round-pot rice cookers and juice
extractors helped to enhance the Supor brand’s presence on store shelves.
At the same time, Supor pursued its geographic expansion into Tier 3 and
Tier 4 cities, added many new sales outlets to its network and stepped
up development of on-line sales. In Japan, where the steep fall in the yen
became a major concern for all market players, the Group achieved another
year of organic growth despite an already high basis of comparison in 2012.
Anticipating a much more complicated 2014, as no currency hedges are in
place, Groupe SEB is taking the necessary measures to limit the effects of
the weakening local currency on business and the translation of results into
euros. In South Korea, business gradually picked up after a dull first half,
helped by the improved economic environment and the upswing in demand.
Lastly, Thailand and Malaysia continued to act as very powerful growth
drivers throughout the year.

90 « GROUPE SEB - FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013

Central Europe, Russia, other countries (Turk
Middle East, Africa, etc.): stalled demand since the
summer

After trending upwards in the first half of 2013, demand in this region
suddenly stalled in the summer, mainly due to the abrupt slowdown of the
Russian economy on top of the already difficult, tense situation in Turkey.
In addition, the significant, persistent decline in several of the region’s
currencies against the euro led to a serious disruption of the markets
concerned. As a result, sales were sharply impacted in the second half of the
year, particularly in Russia where, despite forefront positions supported by its
rich product offering and established brand equity, the Group had to face a
dramatic drop in demand in the second part of the year, along with inventory
drawdowns by retailers. In addition to this more challenging environment,
Groupe SEB was affected by the non-renewal in the fourth quarter of 2012
loyalty programs. In Central Europe, despite a contraction in Poland in the
fourth quarter, annual revenue grew significantly at constant exchange
rates, thanks primarily to strong demand for food and beverage preparation
appliances, such as automatic espresso machines and kettles, as well as for
linen care appliances. In Ukraine, demand was flat until September, when
it was lifted by a marketing operation with a retailer and several successful
new product launches. In a politically complex, protectionist environment
defined by significant promotional activity, the Group’s sales were weak in
Turkey throughout the year, leading to an erosion of its market shares. In
contrast, demand was very robust in the Middle East (Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates) and in Egypt (where business is conducted through
a joint venture), resulting in a very good fourth quarter.


--- Page 11 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

4.3. COMMENTARY ON THE CONSOUDATED RESULTS

Income statement

The results for the Group were at levels close to those of 2012. As expected,
the operating result from activity for 2013 is very nearly that of 2012 and
came in at €410 million versus €415 million in 2012, down 1.2% despite a
negative foreign exchange effect of €35 million. At constant exchange rates,
the operating result would be €445 million, a rise of 7.2%.

This change stems from a combination of several factors, positive and
negative:

@ higher volumes resulting in higher sales in the majority of markets, and
particularly in China, Europe and on the American continent. The volume
effect on the 2013 operating result from activity amounts to +€66 million,
whereas in 2012, this impact was a negative -€21 million;

e aslightly negative price-mix effect of €12 million, as price increases did
not offset the impact of promotions in a more competitive environment;

@ a€10 million reduction in purchasing costs reflecting very good purchasing
cost controls, lower price of raw materials, particularly of metals, and level
prices for outsourced products;

e A €34 million increase in expenses due in particular to greater spending
on growth drivers (R&D, advertising, marketing, etc.), digital development
actions and a temporary increase in overhead costs.

Balance sheet

Consolidated equity stood at €1,532 million at 31 December 2013, versus
€1,462 million at 31 December 2012, including a contribution from non-
controlling interests of €143 million (€130 million at 31 December 2012). This
change was the result of a variety of factors:

@ €81 million in exchange losses due to the weakening of several of the
Group’s functional currencies and the impact on the valuation of the share
in the net position of subsidiaries;

e the net total profit for the year, amounting to €222 million, less the

dividends paid in 2013 for the year 2012, i.e. €74 million (€68 million for
2011).

Operating profit amounted to €364 million, down 1% on 2012. This was
after discretionary and non-discretionary profit-sharing of €37 million,
considerably lower than last year’s €48 million. This drop can be attributed
to poorer performances in France and the fact that higher level in 2012
included the Group’s matching funds for the «Horizons 2012» employee
share ownership plan. Other operating income and expense, which was
negligeable in 2012, resulted in a net expense of €9 million, including limited
realignment costs.

Net financial expense amounted to -€55 million, compared with -€63 million
in 2012. This includes financial expenses on the debt in the amount of -€31
million, more or less stable with last year, and including a slight increase in
the Group’s average financing rate. It also includes other financial expenses,
including a €7.5 million provision for impairment of shares concerning the
Indian company Maharaja Whiteline following a difficult and disputatious year
with our Indian associate. Net financial expense was further penalised by €4
million in foreign exchange losses due primarily to currency movements in
Latin America, whereas gain had been recognised in 2012.

Net profit Group share stood at €200 million, versus €194 million in 2012,
for an increase of 2.9%. This was calculated after taxes of €87 million,
representing a rate of 28.2%, lower than the rate of 30.9% in 2012. This
improvement is explained mainly by the change in the geographic mix of the
taxation rates. The net profit Group share also included the non-controlling
interest in Supor earnings, which amounted to €22 million to be deducted
(€17 million in 2012). This figure is significantly higher than in the preceding
year due to the improved financial performance of this subsidiary.

Equity is reported net of treasury stock. At year-end 2013, the Group held
1,412,347 own shares, versus 2,050,102 at year-end 2012. This change arose
from the sale of shares upon the exercise of purchase options.

Net debt amounted to €416 million, versus €556 million in late
December 2012. This improvement was due to strong operating cash
flows in 2013 and the payment of €74 million in dividends. Working capital
requirements improved, representing 22.7% of sales at year-end, versus
24.9% one year before. WCR benefited from an improvement in trade
receivables and payables and favourable foreign exchange effects.

FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013 - GROUPE SEB « 91


--- Page 12 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

Gearing ratios improved in 2013 compared to the previous year. The ratio of Change in operating result from activity

net debt-to-equity equalled 27%, versus 38% at year-end 2012, while the
ratio of net debt-to-EBITDA stood at 0.87x versus 1.17 x at year-end 2012.
Groupe SEB finished the financial year with an even stronger balance sheet
and relies on a solid and diversified financial structure. Further information 455 415 410
on the borrowing terms and the funding structure are available in Note 25
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

In € millions

2013 capital expenditure totalled €127 million, little changed from 2012
(€128 million). In general, investment was mainly in tangible assets (approx.
70%) with almost equivalent distribution between moulds and tools for
new products on one hand, and production equipment (installation of new
assembly lines, injection presses, etc.) and/or the renovation of buildings on
the other hand. The remaining 30% covered mostly capitalised development
costs and production-related computer software linked to the production
and to the development of the Group’s own retail brand outlets.

Geographical breakdown of 2013 sales

2011 2012 2013

16%

Asia Pacific France

© Restated for the effects of applying IAS 19R.

Other western Breakdown of operating result from activity

€uropean countries

Central Europe,
Russia and other countries

In € millions

10% 11% 445
South America \ North America
2012-2013 sales growth

In € millions

4,060 4,161

Organic
growth

 &

WV

Foreign
exchange

2012 2013

92 « GROUPE SEB - FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013


--- Page 13 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

Cash flow and capital expenditure Net debt and debt ratio
In € millions In € millions
490 460 460 673 556 416
0.5
0.4
0.3
2011 2012 2013 2011° 2012 2013
—@ Capital expenditure —@ Net debt-to-equity ratio
ME Cosh flow MM Net debt at 31/12
| Restated for the effects of applying IAS 19R. © Restated for the effects of applying IAS 19R.

FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013 - GROUPE SEB e 93


--- Page 14 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Outlook

4.4, QUTLOOK

2014 will probably be shaped by a still-contrasted economic environment.
The currency-related challenges that adversely affected Group results in
2013 are continuing and appear to be having a much more severe impact
this year.

In terms of market demand, for 2014, the Group is forecasting a slightly
improved situation in France, buoyed by strong product development and
greater marketing and advertising support. For the rest of Europe, however,
the Group is taking a more cautious approach given that 2013 was an
exceptional year that constitutes a high basis for comparison. The Group
expects to enjoy continued positive developments in the Americas, with high
demand maintained in North America, reliable growth in Brazil in a volatile
market, and sustained sales growth in Colombia. In China, the Group should
post solid growth given the upward trend in small domestic appliances there
and continue to win market share by maintaining an active product innovation
policy sustained by investments in marketing and advertising. In Japan,
where an uncertain market has seen price increases and a higher VAT rate
as of 1 April 2014, the Group will pursue expansion by gradually broadening
its offer and keeping up high levels of capital expenditure. Confronted with a
specific currency issue following the fall of the yen in 2013 and the expiration
of hedges placed in 2012, the Group instituted a number of targeted actions
aiming to defend our profitability without compromising our market positions
and long-term development. The Group has greater reservations about
Russia, where consumer spending remains very dismal and distributors’

94 « GROUPE SEB - FINANCIAL REPORT AND REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2013

inventories, high. In Turkey, in a highly promotional market, and facing keen
competition from local players, amplified by protectionist measures (import
duties), the Group intends to recapture sales growth from an historically
low base.

Although highly competitive and promotion-driven, the worldwide small
domestic equipment market is expected to keep on trending favourably
overall and generally be responsive to innovation. That’s why the Group
will maintain a strong product dynamic, and continue to invest in sales,
advertising and marketing, while ensuring that its operating efficiency is
optimised (reduced number of stock keeping units, continually improved
productivity, acceleration of value analysis projects, wider adoption of shared
technical platforms and so forth) and its costs are effectively managed.

This firm demand combined with the commitment to pursuing its development
with an extensive portfolio of products should enable the Group to generate
sustained organic revenue growth in 2014. Given the current exchange rate
situation and despite the positive impact of our revenue growth, we will take
the necessary and relevant actions to partially absorb the very high currency
effect that we anticipate on the operating result from activity. Against this
backdrop, the Group aims at ensuring growth in its markets and pursuing to
improve operating result from activity at constant exchange rates.
