

--- Page 1 ---

Preface by the Management Board

Dear shareholders, customers and employees,
ladies and gentlemen

© 2013 was a transition year for ams. While our strategy as a sensor and analog company remains

unchanged we decided to create a new definition and goal for ams given the importance of
sensor technologies and the majority of our business already being sensor-related. Our aim
is to become the leading sensor solutions provider worldwide, focused on the multitude of
applications where sensors are used, or will be used to re-shape and improve our daily life.
We have started several internal projects last year to adapt our organization and align our
product strategies to this goal and are very excited about the path we are pursuing.

The development of our business in 2013 was impacted by the delay of several major
projects at important consumer OEMs. Customers pushed out expected ramp-ups by several
quarters and into the current year, forcing us to lower our expectations for the year in June of
last year. As a result, 2013 revenues came in slightly below the previous year’s level but gross
margin remained unchanged from the year before, thus demonstrating the strength of our
business model.

Our consumer and communications business was again the largest revenue contributor despite recording a
decrease in revenues in 2013. Product innovations strengthened our market position as a major supplier to
smartphone, tablet PC and mobile device OEMs.

We are the leading provider of advanced light sensors worldwide and shipped very high volumes of ambient
light and proximity sensors for a wide range of consumer devices last year. 2013 showed a trend towards
RGB color sensors enabling improved analysis of the lighting environment for sophisticated display manage-
ment in smartphones and tablet PCs. Creating an important new content opportunity for mobile devices,
we launched an innovative gesture sensor solution last year. The compact module combines high resolution
gesture sensing with RGB color sensing, proximity sensing, and mobile coupon redemption in a minimized
footprint. The solution has been shipping in volume for several months and, based on multiple design-ins,
we expect to benefit strongly from the adoption of gesture sensing in smartphones going forward. In our
MEMS microphone IC business, we were again successful last year with over 1.6 billion units shipped and re-
main market leader in this dynamic market. In power management solutions, we benefitted from the growth
in action camera systems while supporting a graphics processor vendor's mobile platforms offers attractive
opportunities.


--- Page 2 ---

Our wireless business for RFID and NFC solutions providing contactless communication developed positively
last year, but still fell short of expectations. Particularly the market for NFC payment hardware solutions did
not show the expected momentum in 2013. We are, however, convinced that our innovative antenna booster
solution for NFC mobile transactions and our world class NFC expertise will drive substantial revenue contri-
butions in the second half of 2014 and the following years. Besides this, we see a large number of new sensor
applications in consumer and communications devices, which offer exciting potential to apply our sensor
solutions expertise.

Our industrial, medical and automotive business showed solid results in 2013 driven by its diverse range

of end markets and strong customer relationships. Industrial product lines saw improving demand in the
second half of 2013 supporting our leading market position in industrial sensors, position measurement
and building control. We recorded another successful year in medical applications for sensor and interface
solutions, centered on medical imaging including computed tomography (CT), digital X-ray, mammography,
and ultrasound. Our automotive business was a major area of growth in 2013 given the expanding use of
advanced sensors in vehicles and continued good automotive demand. New safety systems and more elec-
tronic applications provide large volume opportunities for ams going forward.

In our high quality supply chain we combine in-house capacity with resources at manufacturing partners to
create a robust platform for volume applications. Our production capacity remained at highest utilization
rates last year. We see further capacity needs emerging from our development pipeline and have therefore
decided to evaluate the acquisition of additional wafer fab assets outside Europe. In the near term, we are
also investing in our in-house wafer fab to increase capacity and allow critical process advances to further our
competitive advantage. The investment in our advanced 3D packaging line was successfully completed last
year with product sampled to several mobile device customers, and we expect first revenues in the second
half of 2014. Committed to responsible business practices we realized further energy efficiency improve-
ments in 2013 and remain focused on our goal of becoming fully carbon neutral.

We maintained high levels of investment in R&D and added R&D resources to support a very substantial
development and design-in pipeline. We also made focused investments in sales, predominantly in Asia, to
drive key account penetration at very large OEMs.


--- Page 3 ---

Based on our dividend policy we will propose a dividend of EUR 1.04 per share or 25% of the net result for
2013. Our financial position is stronger than ever and supported by continuing high cash flow generation.

The Supervisory Board again offered constructive support for our activities and backed our strategic initia-
tives. We would like to thank our customers, partners, shareholders and, above all, the people of ams. Their
commitment and creativity remain the key drivers of our success.

We are confident about the significant growth opportunities for ams in 2014 and the coming years, driven by
our sensor solutions know-how, pipeline of innovation, and excellence in design and manufacturing.

co

Kirk Laney Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch
CEO CFO


--- Page 4 ---

Preface by the Supervisory Board

Dear shareholders, ladies and gentlemen

In 2013, our company has pursued opportunities for growth and made crucial investments whose commer-
cial potential did not translate directly into financial results. These investments form the basis of our future
growth, both in revenues and profitability. The technological advances in developing our specialty manufac-
turing processes, the industrialization of our TSV (Through Silicon Via) 3D packaging technology, our growing
market presence in the US and Asia, establishing our position in the market for Near Field Communication
(NFC) and the market breakthrough of our gesture recognition sensors are examples of a multitude of mile-
stones marking the development of our group.

ams successfully made the step to a globally recognized specialist for high performance analog solutions and
will continue to expand its expertise and presence in the fast growing market for sensor solutions.

Over the last year, the Supervisory Board worked closely with the Management Board and the company’s
management in seven Supervisory Board meetings and numerous committee meetings. In addition to the
statutory responsibilities of the Supervisory Board, our main tasks also included supporting the company’s
strategic positioning, selecting executive managers, handling succession planning within the Management
Board and sharing experiences and know-how with ams’ management. | would like to thank all my col-
leagues for the time and hard work they have invested contributing to the future success of ams. Attendance
of members at Supervisory Board and committee meetings of nearly 100% reflects the strong commitment
of our shareholder and employee representatives.

2013 saw changes in the Management Board and Supervisory Board of ams. After 11 years in office, John
Heugle stepped down as CEO. His dynamic approach and exceptional commitment to our clients, employees
and shareholders were decisive factors in the profitability, product portfolio and global presence of ams.
Guido Klestil took his leave after 26 years as Chairman of the Supervisory Board. His strategic vision, prudent
leadership and firm belief in the potential of ams were critical to the successful development of our compa-
ny. The Supervisory Board would like to thank both gentlemen for the time and energy they so successfully
invested in ams over the years.

On behalf of the Supervisory Board and as a shareholder representative, | would also like to thank manage-
ment for its untiring efforts. A special thanks goes to all our employees for their contribution towards the
success of ams. They ensure that our clients, shareholders and business partners continue to place their trust
in ams’ products and solutions.

Hans Jorg Kaltenbrunner
Chairman of the Supervisory Board


--- Page 5 ---

Our Company


--- Page 6 ---



--- Page 7 ---

Company and Strategy

Our vision

The ams vision is to enrich lives by creating a seam-
less experience between people and technology.
The most natural sensors are the human senses, so
ams'“technology as nature intended” enhances our
lives by making us more responsive and in-tune to

the world around us.
Our company and strategy

From our vehicles to our homes, offices, personal
devices and more, most of us already are exposed
to and surrounded by sensors. Sensor functionality
has evolved in important ways. We rely on sensors
to help conserve battery power; recognize ambient
light, motion and gestures; increase safety; and
measure changes in temperature and blood glu-
cose levels.

Sensors also play a key role in increasing safety,
precision and image resolution for many advanced
industrial, automotive and medical applications.
When combined with NFC and RFID, sensor tech-
nologies also offer an ideal solution for new forms
of payment, tracking, and time-stamping data.

Nature is the inspiration behind the work of every
ams engineer. It fuels their creativity in developing
unique products. The sensor solutions we create
provide the crucial link between technology and
people, enabling products that are smarter, safer,
easier to use and more environmentally friendly.

Our mission is to shape the world with sensor
solutions. ams is a global leader in both the design
and manufacture of advanced and highly efficient
analog sensor solutions. ams sensors enable our
customers to create differentiated products that
literally are changing the world.

Our high-performance analog products fuel
applications requiring extreme precision, dynamic
range, sensitivity, and ultra-low power consump-
tion. ams’ products include sensors (including
optical sensors), sensor interfaces, power manage-
ment integrated circuits (ICs) and wireless ICs for
the consumer, industrial, medical, mobile commu-
nications and automotive markets.


--- Page 8 ---

Our Talent

The people of ams are the company’s greatest
asset. We strive to attract and retain the best and
brightest talent in the industry. We foster a culture
that embraces diverse, highly creative, innova-

tive and unconventional thinkers. The creativity
and ingenuity of our teams allows us to be at the
leading edge of analog and semiconductor design
and manufacturing worldwide. We continuously
push our technology boundaries to new heights.
ams innovation also stems from its global mindset:
our staff of more than 1,400 people in 20 countries
includes research and development facilities in
Austria, a center of excellence in optical sensors in
Texas (USA), seven other design centers, and manu-
facturing in Austria and the Philippines.


--- Page 9 ---

Corporate Responsibility

Ethical, professional practices and environmental
responsibility are fundamental principles guiding
ams’ business approach. ams is part of the UN Glob-
al Compact, the world’s largest corporate initiative
for responsible business and sustainability. With
more than 10,000 participants in 130 countries, the
UN Global Compact is committed to human rights,
just labor standards, environmental protection, and
anti-corruption measures.

With its dedication to protecting the environment
and the sustainability of resources, ams is commit-
ted to significantly reducing its carbon emissions
and achieving a zero carbon footprint over the
coming years. ams promotes efficient energy use
throughout its operations, where innovative meth-
ods for reducing electricity and gas consumption
bring about both environmental and cost benefits.
ams remains a pioneer in environmental certifica-
tion and is ISO 14001 certified for its locations in
Unterpremstatten, Austria, and Calamba, Philip-
pines.


--- Page 10 ---



--- Page 11 ---

Our Business

At ams, we focus on providing advanced sensor and analog solutions for high value and emerging

markets including the following:

Consumer and Communications
Industrial, Medical, Automotive

Consumer and Communications

Asa global leader in high-performance sensor

and analog designs, ams understands the evolving
demands of the consumer electronics and commu-
nications market - the need for creating a seamless
connection between people and devices, continu-
ously improving the user experience and making the
interaction with devices richer and more intuitive.

To address this need, we deliver a broad range of
innovative technology solutions for consumer elec-
tronics and communication device manufacturers
including intelligent light sensors, MEMS micro-
phone ICs, NFC solutions, active noise-cancelling ICs,
ultra-low power management solutions, and more.

ams’ sensor technology is at forefront of innovation
by delivering extreme precision, dynamic range,
sensitivity, and ultra-low power consumption, all of
which extend the ability to seamlessly interact with
communication devices. Ambient light and proxim-
ity detection sensors are used today in hundreds of
millions of smartphones, tablets, laptop computers
and other communication devices to improve the
overall user experience and extend battery life.
Benefits and functions include enabling the auto-
matic adjustment of the display brightness under
varying lighting conditions; disabling the display
when the user is taking incoming or making out-
going calls; and simplifying the human interface to
machines with touchless technology.

ams’ RGB color sensors deliver full analysis of the
light spectrum and color temperature, enabling
the ultimate viewing experience with more vibrant
and realistic display images while maximizing
energy conservation. Color sensors also support
solutions for color discrimination, determination
and measurement. These RGB sensors are used in a
wide variety of applications such as color feed-
back control in solid-state illumination and RGB
backlight systems, and color adjustment in printer,
industrial process quality controls and portable
medical diagnostic systems.

Sensor-driven lighting, another ams specialty,

will be driving many of the major light sensor
applications for the future in smart industrial and
home lighting. The scope of upcoming large-scale
applications ranges from harvesting daylight for
energy-efficient illumination of indoor spaces to
seamlessly adapting workspace light environments
to our circadian rhythm.

Gesture recognition functionality is expected to
see broad adoption in consumer and commu-
nications applications. ams is focused on these
next-generation gesture recognition solutions

to provide yet another way in simplifying the hu-
man-machine interface. ams has begun shipping
its first highly integrated gesture sensors which
use ams’ leading photodiode technology to deliver
a reliable, precise, more intuitive and touchless
interface for many devices.


--- Page 12 ---

ams ultra-low power, highly integrated power
management IC's (PMICs) are used in mobile de-
vices including netbooks, tablets, high-resolution
entertainment modules and action cameras. ams
supports customers of NVIDIA, the leading mobile
graphics processor supplier, using NVIDIA's plat-
forms in netbooks and other devices, and provides
power management solutions for GoPro’s range of
versatile action cameras. ams’ ultra-low power, high
performance PMIC solutions with leading-edge
analog technology maximize battery life while
optimizing overall system performance.

Improving the quality of audio and mobile com-
munications is another growing need addressed
by ams with its advanced active noise-cancellation
technology (ANC) and MEMS microphone interfac-
es. ANC technology enables clear sound regardless
of the noise levels from the surrounding envi-
ronment, increasing the sound quality of mobile
communications and multimedia applications. ams’
low-noise MEMS microphone ICs are a standard
feature in many of today’s mobile devices includ-
ing smartphones, handsets, tablets and notebook
computers.

Industrial, Medical, Automotive

ams offers highly customized, application-specific
integrated circuits (ASICs) and standard solu-

tions for a broad range of industrial applications
including automation and control, position sensors,
building automation, security and high-resolution
seismic analysis. For example, position sensors offer
high reliability measurements in areas of magnetic
interference such as measuring the slightest move-
ments of the arms and tools of a robot, enabling a
machine to control motion far beyond the limits of
the human hand.

The adoption of near field communication (NFC),

a form of proximity contactless communication
between devices like smartphones and tablets,

is rapidly spreading in Asia, Europe and the U.S.
With more than 20 years of experience in wireless
and radio-frequency identification (RFID), ams is
uniquely poised for the NFC revolution.

NFC-based contactless payments are gaining sig-
nificant traction due to higher levels of control and
convenience for consumers and higher through-
put for retailers. ams addresses the contactless
payment market with its unique active boost
technology with antenna auto-tuning that enables
reliable and safe NFC payments for virtually any
phone and also a wide range of highly integrated
devices such as wearable accessories. Dramatically
reducing antenna size requirements, ams’ booster
technology ensures a hassle-free mobile payment
experience for many small form factor applications
that are constrained by space. ams’ unique NFiC
dual interface IC solutions lower the barriers to NFC
integration for devices with host microcontrollers,
enabling NFC for myriad consumer and medical
applications.

Similarly, in medical electronics, the demand for
new sensor solutions continues to grow and is driv-
en by the need for more advanced, cost-efficient
diagnostic, imaging and surgical equipment as well
as the explosion of wireless mobile healthcare sys-
tems that monitor patients remotely. ams delivers
a wide range of medical sensors, sensor interfaces,
power management and wireless solutions that are
ideally suited for healthcare applications.


--- Page 13 ---

Highly integrated ams sensors are used in many of
today’s advanced medical imaging applications and
state-of-the-art computed tomography equipment.
These solutions incorporate the latest design and
process technologies and contribute in drastically
reducing the level of radiation while significantly
improving image resolution.

Cost-effective and easy-to-implement near field
communication (NFC) sensor tags with integrated
radio frequency (RF) technology are emerging to
make tracking, recording and time stamping of data
for medical applications more efficient. NFC sensor
tags can even be safely ingested or implanted un-
der the skin, enabling patients to monitor specific
physiological conditions around the clock and read
data by simply holding an NFC-enabled phone or
tablet close to the body.

ams also participates in the consumer digital health
market that is being built around devices that range
from smart watches to activity trackers in bracelet
or pendant form. These applications require biosen-
sors, new display technologies, critical power man-
agement and very low power designs to enable a
compelling consumer experience. The quantified
self-monitoring movement is a key driver for more
functionality and wider acceptance of such devices.
Combined with telemedicine, these technologies
also will help improve medical patients’ quality of

life and enable safer, easier and more convenient
health management for senior citizens.

In vehicles, consumers expect increased safety,
assistance, convenience and eco-friendly tech-
nologies. ams offers a broad range of application
specific and standard IC solutions for leading car
manufacturers and suppliers to make driving safer,
smarter and more environmentally friendly. ams
powers systems including collision avoidance, car
seat occupancy detection, breakthrough battery
management cell monitoring and balancing, high-
speed interfaces for rear-view mirror applications,
automatic braking and an array of intelligent posi-
tion sensors that increase vehicle reliability.

Sensors also play an important role in enabling
vehicle manufacturers to comply with new
standards around carbon emissions and reduced
energy consumption while also supporting the
trend toward hybrid and electric vehicles. Emerging
active safety features like lane departure warning,
collision avoidance, traffic sign recognition, and the
detection of objects behind the vehicle offer addi-
tional applications for ams’ sensor solutions. From
increasing driver safety and comfort to enhancing
engine efficiency and performance, ams’ automo-
tive sensors meet the most challenging demands
and help create a better driving experience.


--- Page 14 ---

Technology and manufacturing

Asa high performance analog company, ams has
its own in-house wafer manufacturing and test fa-
cilities. This capability allows ams to push the limits
of analog performance in lowest noise, highest
sensitivity and maximum accuracy while assuring
customers a dedicated supply and the highest
quality standards.

At the forefront of technology, ams provides state-
of-the art technologies for leading-edge sensor
and analog designs such as 3D IC integration using
a proprietary through-silicon via (TSV) process

and unique specialty processes for high voltage,
optoelectronics and RF applications. In its specialty
foundry business ams offers customers a full service
approach that includes packaging and testing
options.

ams has more than 30 years in semiconductor
manufacturing experience and its wafer production
facility is certified for medical and automotive IC
production. ams pursues a flexible concept combin-
ing internal and external wafer capacity and enjoys
strong partnerships with major manufacturing part-
ners around the globe.


--- Page 15 ---

Our Global Network

Europe Asia
Austria China
ams Headquarters Hong Kong so
Unterpremstatten so/dc/tc Shenzen so
Shanghai so
Finland
Helsinki so India
Hyderabad dc
France
Vincennes so Japan
Tokyo so
Germany :
Munich so r Korea |
Seoul so
Italy
Corsico so Philippines
Pavia de : Calamba tc
Pisa dc
7 Singapore so
: Slovenia : M 7
Ljubljana de rc Taiwan
- Taipei so
Spain
Valencia de eS
> * sy .
Sweden rs :
fr Sollentuna so oe

North America

USA

Cupertino, CA so
Austin, TX de
Plano, TX so/de
Raleigh, NC so

so sales office
dc design center
tc test center


--- Page 16 ---



--- Page 17 ---

22

Investor Relations and Corporate Governance


--- Page 18 ---



--- Page 19 ---

Investor Relations

The ams share offers attractive potential for value
appreciation as the company continues to success-
fully implement its strategy. The ams share showed
a positive full year performance in 2013 as the share
price reversed a noticeable dip in summer and ap-
preciated by 73% from the low point until year end.

ams follows a dividend policy defining a payout

of 25% of the annual net result. The Management
Board will therefore propose a dividend of EUR 1.04
for the fiscal year 2013, which is a decrease of EUR
0.39 compared to 2012. ams intends to continue to
distribute dividends in the coming years based on
the further positive development of its business.
ams also operates a share buyback scheme under
which the company bought back 190,000 shares last
year, equivalent to 1.3% of total issued shares at year
end 2013. The shares are principally designated to
cover the employee share option plan adopted in
2009.

Share details

ISIN AT0000920863

Securities code 1808109

Ticker symbol AMS (SIX Swiss Exchange)
Reuters / Bloomberg AMS.S / AMS SW

At the Annual General Meeting in May 2013, the
majority of agenda items subject to a vote were
approved with a large majority or unanimously. Two
items regarding the creation of a conditional capital
for stock option grants were not approved.

ams continued its extensive investor relations activ-
ities during 2013, based around quarterly reports
and regular presentations to analysts, press, and
institutional investors. ams held investor road shows
and attended investor conferences in financial hubs
across Europe and the U.S. East and West Coast
regions. Financial reports, press releases, and addi-
tional information on the ams share are available

in the “Investor” section of the company website
www.ams.com.


--- Page 20 ---

140

120

101.2

100

80

60

40

ams share price development (in CHF)

= ams
mm SPI (rebased)

108.0

January 3, 2013

December 30, 2013

25


--- Page 21 ---

26

Executive Bodies

Management Board

John A. Heugle (CEO until May 14, 2013)
Kirk S. Laney (CEO since May 14, 2013)
Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch (CFO)

Supervisory Board

Guido Klestil

(Chairman until September 13, 2013 / Honorary Chairman since September 13, 2013)
Hans Jérg Kaltenbrunner

(Deputy Chairman until September 13, 2013 / Chairman since September 13, 2013)
Siegfried Selberherr (Deputy Chairman)

Gerald Rogers (Deputy Chairman since September 13, 2013)

Kurt Berger (until September 13, 2013)

Michael Grimm

Klaus Iffland

Jacob Jacobsson

Johann Eitner (employee representative)

Ginter Kneffel (employee representative)

Giinther Koppitsch (employee representative until September 13, 2013)

Vida Uhde-Djefroudi (employee representative)


--- Page 22 ---

Corporate Governance

‘As an Austrian company listed in Switzerland, ams AG ("ams") is subject
to the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange's directive concerning
information on corporate governance (“Swiss Corporate Governance
Directive”).

In this context, ams points out that Austrian Corporate Law differs from
the Swiss model in terms of the structure of its corporate bodies, their
duties and their accountability. Hereinafter, the Austrian terms for the
corporate bodies will be used. Corporations that are not constituted
according to the Swiss Code of Obligations are required correspondingly
to meet the regulations of the Swiss Corporate Governance Directive,
which is formulated in close correspondence with the Swiss Code of Ob-
ligations. Consequently there follows a brief description of the particular
features of the Austrian organizational structure:

~The Management Board is responsible for company management and
representation of the company; it holds the monopoly on company
management and representation. It is not subject to instructions by the
shareholders or the Supervisory Board, acting rather on its own respon-
sibility and without instructions. Where the Swiss Corporate Governance
Directive calls for information on the Executive Board, corresponding de-
tails on the Management Board are provided. Nevertheless, the function
of the Management Board does not correspond exactly with that of the
‘Swiss Executive Board.

~The Supervisory Board is in charge of appointing and dismissing the
Management Board and, in particular, supervising it. Furthermore,
specific legal transactions also require the Supervisory Board's approval.
Where the Swiss Corporate Governance Directive calls for information
on the Administrative Board corresponding details on the Supervisory
Board are provided. Nevertheless, the function of the Supervisory Board
does not correspond exactly with that of the Swiss Administrative Board.

~The Annual General Meeting, functioning as the supreme means of
decision-making body for a company, is responsible for appointing and
dismissing the members of the Supervisory Board and the appointment
of the auditor. Where the Swiss Corporate Governance Directive calls for
information on the General Meeting corresponding details on the Annu-
al General Meeting are provided. The Swiss and Austrian legal systems
differ with regard to these two institutions.

‘Asan Austrian company ams has committed on a voluntary basis to
comply with the stipulations of the Austrian Corporate Governance
Code. Additional information on this voluntary commitment is provided
at the end of this chapter in the section entitled “Austrian Corporate
Governance Code" This chapter also contains the Corporate Governance
report information according to the stipulations of Austrian law.

1. Corporate Structure and Shareholders

1.1 Corporate Structure

ams, with headquarters in Unterpremstatten, Austria, has been officially
listed on the main segment of the SIX Swiss Exchange since May 17,
2004 (securities number 1808109; ISIN ATO000920863). On the date of
reporting, the company had a market capitalization of approximately
CHF 1.57 billion. ams’ business activity is divided into the business seg-
ments Products and Foundry. The Products business segment consists
of the Consumer, Communications, Industrial, Medical, and Automotive
market areas, while the Foundry business segment comprises the Full
Service Foundry area. The company manages its business via an Exe-
cutive Committee which includes managers responsible for managing
the business areas within the framework of the strategy defined by the
Management Board. These managers report directly to the Management

Board of ams. Further information on the business segments is provided
in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under item 1.

The company has active unlisted subsidiaries; there are no listed subsidi-
aries. The following table lists the company’s direct active subsidiaries:

Percentage
Equity in of shares
Company Head office EUR held
ams Germany GmbH Munich 516,693 100%
ams International AG Rapperswil 39,022,076 100%
ams France S.a.r. Vincennes -137,432 100%
ams Italy S.r. Milan 427,925 100%
ams R&D UK Ltd. Launceston 215,071 100%
AMS USA Inc. Raleigh 666,520 100%
ams Japan Co. Ltd. Tokyo 152,624 100%
ams Asia Inc. CalambaCity 14,237,282 100%
ams Semiconductors
India Private Ltd. Hyderabad 179,237 100%
ams R&D Spain SL Valencia 60,259 100%
County of
Aspern Investment Inc. Kent 639,359 100%
AMS-TAOS USA Inc. Plano —_-3,610,420 100%

1.2 Significant Shareholders

As ams did not fall under the disclosure requirements set forth by Swiss
law before May 1, 2013, the shareholdings described below relate to
the time of notification or capital increase and may have changed
subsequently:

In April 2008 Schroders plc, London, United Kingdom, notified a holding
of 4.6% of the share capital. In September 2008 Dr. Berger, Vienna,
Austria, notified a holding of 8.3% of the share capital as trustee. In July
2009 Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH, Traunreut, Germany, notified a
holding of 3.2% of the share capital and Kempen Capital Management,
Edinburgh, United Kingdom, notified a holding of 9.2% of the share
capital. In August 2009 Odin Fund Management, Oslo, Norway, notified
a holding of 4.3% of the share capital and Pictet Asset Management,
Zurich, Switzerland, notified a holding of 4.1% of the share capital. In
February 2010 The Capital Group Companies, Inc., Los Angeles, USA,
notified a holding of 3.0% of the share capital. In July 2010 FMR LLC,
Boston, USA, notified a holding of 4.8% of the share capital.

Since May 1, 2013 ams is subject to article 20 of the Swiss Federal Law on
Securities Exchanges and Securities Trading (SESTA) and the Ordinance
of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority on Stock Exchanges
and Securities Trading (the FINMA Stock Exchange Ordinance). Pursuant
thereto, ownership interests in companies with registered office outside
of Switzerland whose equity securities are mainly listed in whole or in
part in Switzerland must be notified both to the issuer company and

to SIX Swiss Exchange when the holder's voting rights reach, increase
above or fall below certain thresholds. These notification thresholds are
3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 33 1/3%, 50% and 66 23% of voting rights.
Shareholders which as of May 1, 2013 already held a shareholding in ams
triggering the disclosure requirements will have to notify that sharehol-
ding until April 30, 2014 at the latest (article 53 SESTA).

27


--- Page 23 ---

28

At December 31, 2013, ams knew of the following significant share-
holders with a holding of more than 3% (defined for this purpose as
shareholders with voting rights in excess of 3% of the ams AG capital
stock recorded in the commercial register):

Norges Bank (the Central Bank of Norway), Oslo, Norway 3.2%
Credit Suisse Funds AG, Zurich, Switzerland 3.2%

Information on significant shareholders or groups of shareholders filed
with ams and the Disclosure Office of SIX Swiss Exchange in accordance
with article 20 SESTA can be viewed on the Disclosure Office's publica-
tion platform at
wwwsix-exchange-regulation.com/obligations/disclosure/major_share-
holders_en.html.

1.3 Cross Shareholding
No cross shareholdings exist at this time.

2. Capital Structure

2.1 Capital
As of December 31, 2013, ams’ ordinary capital amounted to nominally
EUR 35,269,780.96, divided up into 14,559,683 no-par-value shares with
a calculated nominal value of EUR 2.42 per share.

2.2 Authorized and Conditional Capital in Particular

Authorized Capital

In May 2012, the management board was authorized upon cancel-
lation of the existing authorized capital (authorized capital 2011) to
increase - if required in several tranches - the share capital of up to

EUR 16,657,936.24 by issuing up to 6,876,546 new shares (no-par shares)
against cash and/or contribution in kind and to determine, in agreement
with the Supervisory Board, the par value, the terms of issue and further
details of the implementation of the capital increase (authorized capital
2012).

Conditional Capital

In May 2005, the Annual General Meeting authorized the Management
Board to increase the share capital by EUR 2,398,203.53 by issuing
990,000 new bearer shares for cash to provide cover for stock options
granted to staff members and senior executives in the company and its
subsidiaries, excluding the subscription rights of existing shareholders.
The terms of issue are based on the provisions of the stock option plan
approved by the Management Board on April 22, 2005 (Stock Option
Plan 2005).

Furthermore, the management board was authorized in May 2012 to
issue with the consent of the Supervisory Board - if required in several
tranches and in different combinations, and also indirectly in the way
of a guarantee for the issuance of financial instruments which grant the
right of conversion of shares of the company by a company affiliated
with the company - during a period of five years from the date of
resolution, financial instruments pursuant to §174 of the Austrian Stock
Corporation Act (AktG), in particular convertible bonds, participating
bonds, warrant bonds or profit participation rights, with a proportional
nominal amount of up to EUR 14,653,185.86 which grant the right of
conversion and/or subscription of a total of up to 6,048,967 shares of the
company or are structured in a way to be shown as equity contribution.
The amount of capital issued and the terms of the issue as well as any
exclusion of shareholders’ subscription rights to financial instruments
are determined by the Management Board in agreement with the Super-
visory Board.

2.3 Changes in Capital
In total, the ams Group's shareholders’ equity amounted to EUR 332.17
million as of December 31, 2011, EUR 409.51 million as of December
31, 2012 and EUR 444.73 million as of December 31, 2013. Information
about the changes in shareholders’ equity over the last two reporting
years is provided in the section entitled “Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Shareholders’ Equity according to IFRS from January 1, 2013
until December 31, 2013” in the financial section of this Annual Report.

2.4 Shares and Participation Certificates

On the date of reporting, ams’ share capital consisted of 14,559,683
common no-par-value shares issued to bearer with a calculated nominal
value of EUR 2.42 per share. Every bearer of a common share has the
right to vote and is entitled to receive dividends; there are no preferen-
tial rights. All shares are equal in terms of the company’s residual assets;
all capital was paid in. There are no participation certificates.

2.5 Profit Sharing Certificates
There are no profit-sharing certificates.

2.6 Restrictions on Transferability and Nominee Registration
The company only has bearer shares outstanding. There are no restric-
tions on transferability or corporate rules on nominee registration.

2.7 Convertible Bonds and Option Plan

On April 22, 2005, the Management Board approved a stock option plan
for staff members and senior executives in the company and its subsi-
diaries (Stock Option Plan 2005). This provides for the issue of a total of
990,000 options over a period of four years. According to the conditions
‘of SOP 2005, options forfeited back to the company may be re-issued
until the end of the plan period. In 2013 no options were granted, so a
total of 974,851 options have been granted (after deduction of forfeited
options). One option entitles the bearer to buy one share in the compa-
ny. 20% of the options issued can be exercised a year after issue at the
earliest and the remainder in 20% installments for each further year after
issue at the earliest. The last possible exercise date is June 30, 2015. The
options’ strike price is calculated from the average market price of the
ams share over the three months prior to granting of the stock options,
minus a discount of 25%. To fund the options issued, the conditional
capital increase described in section 2.2 will be used. Differing from the
practice in previous years, the options issued in 2012 were immediately
exercisable at 60% at grant date and will be exercisable in the amount of
20% on the first and second anniversary of grant date. The options are
non-transferable.

An additional Stock Option Plan (SOP 2009) was approved at the Annual
General Meeting of April 2, 2009. Under the terms of SOP 2009, over

a period of 4 years a total not exceeding 1,100,000 options on no-par
company shares was to be granted, corresponding to around 10 % of the
company’s capital at the time of approval. Every option granted entitles
the participant to purchase a no-par share in ams. Exercise of options is
possible annually to the extent of 25% on the days of the first, second,
third and fourth anniversaries of granting, ie. in four equal tranches. The
preferential price of the options is calculated from the average stock
market price over the 3 months prior to granting of the stock options.
All options granted must be exercised by June 30, 2017. In 2013 85,000
stock options were distributed from SOP 2009. Differing from the
practice in previous years, the options issued in 2013 vest to the extent
of 33% on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant for 50% of
the granted options. The earliest date for exercising the other 50% of the
granted options is the third anniversary of the options grant date de-
pending on the achievement of the following criteria: (i) The benchmark



--- Page 24 ---

growth of the market (sales growth of the analog semiconductor market
as published by WSTS) has to be surpassed in the period 2013-2015

with stable gross margins (not to be lower than in 2012; adjusted for
extraordinary impacts related to a positive long-term development of
the business such as e.g. acquisition costs or financing costs). If this does
not apply to the whole period but only to single calendar years, a quota
of one third of the exercisability for the relevant year has to be taken into
account. (ii) Over the period 2013-2015 an increase of earnings per share
has to be achieved. If this does not apply to the whole period but only
to single calendar years (provided that earnings per share are not lower
than in 2012), a quota of one third of the exercisability for the relevant
year has to be taken into account.

In connection with the acquisition of TAOS Inc., the company has
committed to grant options to certain employees of TAOS Inc. by issuing
a Stock Option Plan, which ~ as far as legally possible - matches the
number of options and the option plan which has been granted to those
employees under the TAOS Inc. -,Equity Incentive Plan 2000", To fulfill
this obligation, the management board of ams has adopted a new Stock
Option Plan 2011 (SOP 2011), which the company’s Supervisory Board
approved on July 9, 2011. The SOP 2011 comprises unvested options
and vested options. Each option granted entitles each employee to
purchase one share of the company. For holders of unvested options the
exercise price equals the original exercise price under the TAOS Inc. plan.
This price is in the range of USD 0.94 and USD 19.81. Certain employees
of TAOS Inc., who held a small number of TAOS Inc. shares (,small Share-
holders”), were granted exercisable options for shares of the Company
as compensation for shares of TAOS Inc. held by them prior to the
transaction (vested options). The option exercise price for these options
is CHF 41.36 which is the average of the market price of the shares of
the company on the SIX Swiss Exchange within 30 days following the
date of grant of options. The term of the unvested options will remain
unchanged compared to the original TAOS Inc. plan. The options will
expire between September 3, 2017 and June 8, 2021. The options of the
Small Shareholders expire ten years after the date of issuance, therefore
on July 12, 2021.

The management board has decided to adopt a new Stock Option Plan
(SOP 2013) on August 28, 2013.The SOP 2013 comprises a maximum of
400,000 options, of which (i) up to 315,000 options may be granted to
employees and executive employees and (ii) up to 47,000 options may
be granted to the Chairman of the Management Board / Chief Executive
Officer and up to 38,000 options may be granted to the Chief Financial
Officer. This corresponds to 2.8% of the nominal capital of the Company
at that time. Each option entitles the relevant employee, executive em-
ployee and/or managing director (collectively “Participants”) to acquire
‘one no-par value ordinary share of ams. The available options were to be
granted during the year 2013 after prior resolution by the SOP commit-
tee. All options granted must be exercised by 30 June 2021.The exercise
price for the new shares corresponds to the average strike price within
the last three months before the granting of the stock options. For 50%
of the granted options, options can be exercised to the extent of 33% of
the grant on the first, second and third anniversary of the options grant
date at the earliest. For the other 50% of the granted options, the earliest
date for exercising is the third anniversary of the options grant date de-
pending on the achievement of the following criteria: (i) The benchmark
growth of the market (sales growth of the analog semiconductor market
as published by WSTS) has to be surpassed in the period 2013-2015

with stable gross margins (not to be lower than in 2012; adjusted for
extraordinary impacts related to a positive long-term development of

the business such as e.g. acquisition costs or financing costs). If this does
not apply to the whole period but only to single calendar years, a quota
of one third of the exercisability for the relevant year has to be taken
into account. (ii) Over the period 2013-2015 an increase of earnings per
share has to be achieved. If this does not apply to the whole period but
only to single calendar years (provided that earnings per share are not
lower than in 2012), a quota of one third of the exercisability for the
relevant year has to be taken into account. In 2013 314,201 options were
distributed from SOP 2013.

3. Supervisory Board

On the reporting date, the company’s Supervisory Board was compo-
sed of nine members, of whom three were employee representatives.
The members were not employed as members of the company’s or a
subsidiary’s management board and are therefore non-executive.

3.1/3.2 /3.3 / 3.4 Members of the Supervisory Board, Other Activities,
Vested Interests, Cross-Involvement, Election and Terms of Office
Insofar as nothing to the contrary is mentioned below, no material
activities, vested interests or cross-involvements exist regarding the
members of the Supervisory Board. Under the Corporate Governance
Directive and the relevant comment by SIX Swiss Exchange, activities
and vested interests are only indicated in listed Swiss and foreign orga-
nizations or ones that operate in the same or a related industry sector
as the company. All members of the Supervisory Board are to be seen as
independent within the meaning of the rules of the Austrian Corporate
Governance Code.

Hans Jorg Kaltenbrunner (Chairman), born in 1957, Austrian citizen.
Member of the Supervisory Board since 2009, Chairman since 2013.
Current term of office until 2014. Having studied at the Vienna University
of Business and Economics, Hans Jorg Kaltenbrunner began his professi-
‘onal career at the Austrian Trade Delegation in Taipei, Taiwan as Deputy
Trade Delegate in 1982. From 1985-1994, he assumed management po-
sitions at the Hong Kong branch and in the asset management group of
Creditanstalt-Bankverein. Following appointments to the management
boards of RHI AG and Austria Mikro Systeme AG, he has been a partner
of Andlinger & Company since 2002 and has served as a member of ma-
nagement and supervisory boards of international industrial companies
in this capacity.

Dr. Siegfried Selberherr (Vice Chairman), born in 1955, Austrian citizen.
Member of the Supervisory Board since 2001, Vice Chairman since 2001.
Re-elected in 2009, current term of office until 2014. After completing
his studies in Electrical Engineering, Siegfried Selberherr earned a docto-
rate in Technical Sciences. He has been a full professor at the Institute of
Microelectronics at Vienna University of Technology since 1988 and was
Dean of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Information Technolo-
gy from 1998 to 2005. Siegfried Selberherr is internationally recognized
for his research in microelectronics, particularly in the field of techno-
logy computer-aided design (TCAD), and advises several international
semiconductor companies.

Gerald Rogers (Vice Chairman), born in 1944, U.S. citizen. Member of
the Supervisory Board since 2011, current term of office until 2016. A
prolific engineer and successful businessman in the technology industry,
he is Chairman of the board of directors for privately-held OnBoard
Research, a musical instrument accessory company, and also serves as
an advisor and investor to technology start-ups. He was a member of

29


--- Page 25 ---

30

the board of directors for TAOS Inc. since 2003. Gerald Rogers began his
career in 1969 at Texas Instruments in VLSI design and was promoted to
Vice President and manager of the microprocessor division in 1981. In
1986, he became President and CEO of Visual Information Technologies.
In 1987, he founded Cyrix, a highly successful microprocessor company
focused on the PC market, serving as its CEO for almost a decade. Gerald
Rogers earned his Bachelor's degree from the University of Houston.

Klaus Iffland, born in 1956, German citizen. Member of the Supervisory
Board since 2006. Re-elected in 2009, current term of office until 2014.
Having graduated in Mechanical Engineering and Business Studies,
Klaus Iffland held executive positions at Audi AG in production, deve-
lopment and purchasing, and was head of purchasing from 1996. Since
2002 he has held executive positions at Magna International, a leading
worldwide automotive supplier, first as a member of the management
board of Magna Steyr Fahrzeugtechnik, then as President of Intier Auto-
motive Europe and Magna Closures, VP Purchasing at Magna Internati-
‘onal Europe and VP Procurement & Supply at Magna Steyr. Since 2008
he is VP Global Purchasing Magna International Europe; in July 2011

he additionally assumed responsibility for Magna Logistics Europe and
joined the Management Board of Magna Europe.

Michael Grimm, born in 1960, German citizen. Member of the Supervi-
sory Board since 2009, current term of office until 2014. Michael Grimm
studied Management at the University of Frankfurt and then worked as
a tax consultant and auditor at Arthur Andersen Wirtschaftspriifungsge-
sellschaft, lately as a partner and head of the Leipzig office. From 1997
until 2001 he was at Hoechst AG with responsibility for group accounts
and was involved in the transformation of Hoechst AG into Aventis. From
2002 until 2005 Michael Grimm was director of finance, accounting and
investments at Grohe Water Technology AG & Co. KG, then Managing
Director of Triton Beteiligungsberatung GmbH, an investment company
with holdings in medium-sized companies in Germany and Sweden.
Since 2008 he has been Commercial Director of Dr. Johannes Heidenhain
GmbH.

Jacob Jacobsson, born in 1953, Swedish and U.S. citizen. Member of
the Supervisory Board since 2011, current term of office until 2016.
Jacob Jacobsson has held CEO positions at Blaze DFM, Inc., Forte Design
Systems and SCS Corporation, and executive positions at Xilinx Inc,
Cadence Design Systems, and Daisy Systems. He has served on the
board of directors at Actel Corp., and currently serves on the boards of
a number of privately-held companies in the United States and Europe.
He was a member of the board of directors for TAOS Inc. since 2003. Prior
to his management career, Jacob Jacobsson was active in the fields of
IC design and automated design of semiconductor chips. He holds M.S.
degrees in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering from the Royal
Institute of Technology (KTH, Stockholm) and a B.A. degree from the
University of Stockholm.

Johann C. Eitner (Employee Representative), born in 1957, Austrian
citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since July 1994. Re-elected in
2010, current term of office until 2014. Chairman of the Workers’ Council
and Employee Representative on the Supervisory Board since 1994,
During his more than 35-year career, Johann Eitner has been employed
as an electrician in various positions and, since 1984, as supervisor in the
mask lithography department at ams. He was trained as an electrician.

Ginter Kneffel (Employee Representative), born in 1968, Austrian
citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since March 1999. Re-elected
in 2011, current term of office until 2015. Chairman of the Employee
Council and Employee Representative on the Supervisory Board since
1999. After completing his studies in RF Engineering and Electronics,
Giinter Kneffel gained more than 15 years of professional experience as
a process engineer for photolithography and graduated in law in 2010
(Magister Degree).

Vida Uhde-Djefroudi (Employee Representative), born in 1959, Aust-
rian citizen. Member of the Supervisory Board since 2012, current term
of office until 2015. Member of the Employee Council since 2003. Vida
Uhde-Djefroudi studied at Graz University of Technology and received a
degree in Electrical Engineering. She joined ams in 1994 as an analog cir-
cuit designer and has been focusing on high voltage design since 2003.

Unless decided otherwise by the Annual General Meeting, members

of the Supervisory Board are elected for the longest term possible in
accordance with the Austrian Stock Corporation Act, i.e. until the end

of the Annual General Meeting that decides on their discharge for the
fourth business year after the election. For this purpose, the business
year in which they were elected is not included in the calculation. The
Articles of Association do not stipulate any staggering of the Supervisory
Board members’ terms of office.

3.5 Internal Organization
3.5.1 Allocation of tasks in the Supervisory Board

Both the Management Board and the Supervisory Board have rules of
procedure. The Supervisory Board has a Chairman and two Vice Chair-
men. The Supervisory Board can appoint one or more committees from
its midst for the purpose of preparing its negotiations and resolutions or
monitoring the implementation of its resolutions. The Supervisory Board
of ams has formed the following committees: Staff Committee, Financial
Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Emergency Committee.

3.5.2 Members list, tasks and area of responsibility for all committees
of the Supervisory Board

- Staff Committee

The Staff Committee is responsible for negotiating and passing resolu-
tions on the relationship between the company and the members of the
Management Board except resolutions on appointments and dismissals
of members of the Management Board (signing, adaption and terminati-
on of the employment contracts for members and remuneration for the
Management Board, etc.) The members of this committee are Hans-Jérg
Kaltenbrunner (Chairman), Gerald Rogers and Johann C. Eitner.

- Financial Audit Committee

The Financial Audit Committee is, amongst other things, in charge of
examining the annual financial statements, the management report and
the proposal on the appropriation of profits, preparing the reports to

be submitted to the Annual General Meeting and discussing the audit
report with the auditor. The members of this committee are Michael
Grimm (Chairman), Jacob Jacobsson, Hans-J6érg Kaltenbrunner, Johann
C. Eitner, and Giinter Kneffel.


--- Page 26 ---

- Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee is responsible for preparing proposals to the
Supervisory Board regarding appointments to executive positions that
become available on the Management Board, strategies for successi-

on planning and proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding
appointments to positions that become available on the Supervisory
Board. The members of this committee are Hans-Jorg Kaltenbrunner
(Chairman), Gerald Rogers, Prof. Siegfried Selberherr, Jacob Jacobsson,
Johann C. Eitner, and Ginter Kneffel.

- Emergency Committee
This committee was formed as part of the implementation of Rule

39 of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code (see section “Austrian
Corporate Governance Code’ at the end of this chapter). The Emergency
Committee is set up to discuss the affairs of the Supervisory Board in
cases of imminent danger (“danger in delay”) and, if the situation absolu-
tely requires it, to decide on them. The members of this committee are
Hans-J6rg Kaltenbrunner (Chairman), Gerald Rogers, Prof. Siegfried
Selberherr, Johann C. Eitner, and Giinter Kneffel.

3.5.3 Working procedures of the Supervisory Board and its commit-
tees

The meetings of the Supervisory Board are presided over by the Chair-
man and, in his absence, by a Vice Chairman. Resolutions are passed

by simple majority of the votes cast. In case of equality of votes, the
Chairman's vote is decisive. In principal the Management Board also
attends the Supervisory Board’s meetings. Unless the chairman of the
meeting decides otherwise, the Management Board is merely granted
an advisory vote. The Supervisory Board is entitled to request written re-
ports on corporate affairs and managerial issues from the Management
Board at any time. A committee is entitled to adopt a resolution which

is binding for the Supervisory Board only in cases where the committee
has been granted such decision-making power by the Supervisory Board
in advance. The Supervisory Board appoints a committee member as
Committee Chairman and an additional committee member as the
Chairman's deputy. Committee resolutions are passed by simple majority
of the votes cast. In case of equality of votes, the Committee Chairman's
vote is decisive.

The Supervisory Board normally convenes five times a year. During the
past year, the Supervisory Board convened a total of seven times with
sessions lasting an average of around six hours. The Staff Committee
convened a total of four times with sessions lasting an average of around
one hour. The Financial Audit Committee convened a total of four times
with sessions lasting an average of around one hour. The Nomination
Committee convened a total of two times with sessions lasting an ave-
rage of around one hour. The Emergency Committee did not convene.

In the past year no member of the Supervisory Board failed to attend at
least half of the meetings of the Supervisory Board.

3.6 Definition of Area of Responsibility

The Management Board of ams acts on its own responsibility and is not
subject to instructions from the shareholders or the Supervisory Board.
Specific legal transactions individually listed in the Austrian Stock Cor-
poration Act require approval by the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory
Board supervises the business conduct of the Management Board. The
Management Board clears the company's strategic orientation with the
Supervisory Board and discusses the status of strategy implementation
with the Supervisory Board at regular intervals.

3.7 Information and Control Instruments vis-a-vis the Management
Board

The company possesses a Risk Management System, a Management
Information System (MIS) and an internal audit function. Within the
framework of the Risk Management System, recognizable risks in
numerous areas of the company are compiled and assessed at least
twice a year. Further details on the Risk Management System are given
in item 8 of the Group Management Report. The principal results are
subsequently evaluated by the Management Board and brought to

the attention of the Supervisory Board. The company’s MIS compiles a
multitude of performance indicators from various areas of the company
as well as comprehensive financial information and promptly makes
them available to management as processed files in electronic form.
The Supervisory Board receives monthly and quarterly reports based on
information from the MIS. The internal audit function compiles four au-
dit reports per year which are made available to the Supervisory Board
and cover specific areas of audit jointly defined by the Management and
Supervisory Boards.

4. Management Board

4.1/4.2 Members of the Management Board, Other Activities and
Vested Interests

Insofar as nothing to the contrary is mentioned below, no material acti-
vities or vested interests exist regarding the members of the Manage-
ment Board.

Kirk S. Laney, born in 1957, U.S. citizen. Chairman of the Management
Board since May 2013. Contract term until 2016. Kirk Laney began his 30-
year semiconductor industry career in 1980 when he joined the Linear
Products Group at Texas Instruments where he was promoted in 1993

to Operations Manager for the Optoelectronics Business Unit. Under his
leadership, a core team was assembled to enable the Intelligent Opto
Sensor (IOS) strategy. In 1998, under a technology license, Kirk Laney
and five colleagues spun off the Optoelectronic Products Group into
Texas Advanced Optoelectronic Solutions, Inc. (TAOS) which he led from
aniche market provider to a worldwide leader and technology innovator
of opto-sensor solutions. Kirk Laney served as CEO of TAOS since its
foundation and headed ams’ opto-sensor and lighting business as
Executive Vice President following ams’ acquisition of TAOS in 2011. Kirk
Laney holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from Midwestern
State University and four patents in opto-electronic packaging.

Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch, born in 1968, Austrian citizen. Member
of the Board responsible for finance since February 2004. Contract term
until 2016. He has been with ams since 2001, holding the position of
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) since 2003. During his more than 20-year
career, Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch was finance director of Ahead
Communications AG and worked as a consultant and auditor for
international mandates at KPMG Austria. He has extensive experience in
accounting, corporate finance and tax consultancy. Michael Wachsler-
Markowitsch studied Business Administration at Vienna University of
Business and Economics (Magister degree) and founded Dynaconsult
GmbH, an IT consulting firm, during the same period. He is member of
the Management Board of the Styrian Federation of Industry and heads
the representative body for the electrical and electronics industries at
the Styrian Chamber of Commerce.

31


--- Page 27 ---

32

4,3 Management Contracts
There are currently no management contracts.

5. Compensation, Shareholdings and Loans

5.1 Content and Method of Determining Compensation and Share
Ownership Programs

The Annual General Meeting is in charge of determining the remunera-
tion of the company’s Supervisory Board. A shareholder may submit a
proposal for resolution to the Annual General Meeting.

The remuneration and share ownership programs of the individual Ma-
nagement Board members are determined annually by the Supervisory
Board's Staff Committee. The Supervisory Board is informed about the
developments in this process. The Management Board members do not
have a right to attend the Staff Committee meetings. In 2013, external
advisers were consulted regarding the design and implementation of
remuneration and share ownership programs; they had no other manda-
tes with the company.

The amount of the variable part of the remuneration is determined
according to the fulfillment of annually determined performance targets
for the members of the Management Board. For the year under review,
the amount was based on targets for revenues and operating result
(EBIT), with the level of achievement taking into account 50% each for
revenues and operating result (EBIT). The determination of the annual
compensation includes an external benchmarking of the remuneration
and remuneration structure with respect to comparable positions in the
electronics sector in Austria, Germany and Switzerland. Further details
are given in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under
item 26 regarding the remuneration and under item (p) of the Signifi-
cant Accounting Policies regarding the terms and structure of the share
ownership programs.

In the period under review, the variable part of the remuneration was
100% of the basic remuneration for the Chairman of the Management
Board and 100% of the basic remuneration for the CFO. In addition, a
profit sharing program for all employees including the Management
Board was instituted at the end of 2009. Under the program, up to 5%
of yearly pre-tax profit plus up to 100% top-up bonus based on certain
sales growth criteria are allocated relative to employees’ yearly gross
remuneration and distributed not exceeding a maximum of 15% of each
employee's yearly gross remuneration.

One Management Board member receives a severance pay of two gross
monthly salaries per year of service up to a maximum of two yearly
gross salaries. In case of termination of his Board membership this
Management Board member has a claim in the amount of the severance
pay. There are no further claims from company pension schemes or in
case of termination of Board membership. D&O insurance is in place for
members of the Management Board and for members of the Superviso-
ry Board.

5.2 Transparency in Compensation, Shareholdings and Loans for
Issuers Based Abroad

Regarding compensation for acting Board members, further details are
given in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under item
26.

In the year under review, a retired Management Board member was
granted termination pay. In the year under review, former Board mem-
bers were not granted any compensation.

6. Shareholders’ Right of Participation

6.1 Voting Rights and Representation Restrictions
All shareholders of ams hold common bearer shares. Every share entitles
its bearer to one vote at the Annual General Meeting. There are no
voting right restrictions. Voting by proxy is only possible with a written
power of attorney which remains with the company.

6.2 Statutory Quorums

The resolutions passed by the Annual General Meeting require the
majority of the votes cast (simple majority) insofar as the Austrian Stock
Corporation Act or the Articles of Association do not foresee a larger
majority or additional requirements. ams’ Articles of Association do not
call for a higher number of votes than those required by the Austrian
Stock Corporation Act.

6.3 Convocation of the Annual General Meeting

Pursuant to the Austrian Stock Corporation Act, the Annual General
Meeting is convened by the Management Board. In accordance with the
company’s Articles of Association, the Annual General Meeting shall be
convened at least 28 days prior to the appointed date. The convoca-
tion is published in the “Wiener Zeitung” and announced in “Finanz &
Wirtschaft’.

6.4 Agenda
In compliance with the Austrian Stock Corporation Act, the agenda pro-
posed for the Annual General Meeting shall be published in connection
with the convocation of said meeting. In any case, the agenda must

be disclosed at least seven days prior to the day on which the shares
must be deposited for participating in the Annual General Meeting.
Should the passing of a certain resolution require a qualified majority,
this resolution must be disclosed 14 days prior to the day of the Annual
General Meeting. A minority of 5% of the ordinary capital may demand
that the agenda of a previously convened Annual General Meeting be
supplemented, but only in the event that the request is filed sufficiently
early to allow compliance with the above-mentioned time limits. Those
proposing must have been in possession of the shares for at least three
months prior to making their proposal and must hold the shares until
the decision is reached regarding the proposal.

6.5 Inscriptions into the Share Register
The company only has bearer shares outstanding and therefore does not
keep a share register.

7. Changes of Control and Defense Measures

7.1 Duty to Make a Public Offer

Since ams is an Austrian corporation mainly listed in Switzerland, the
regulations of the Swiss Federal Law on Securities Exchanges and
Securities Trading (SESTA) regarding public takeover offers apply at the
reporting date. Under article 32 para. 1 SESTA, anyone acquiring equity
securities with 33 13% or more of all voting rights must mandatorily
make a public tender offer. The Articles of Association of ams contain
neither an opting-up clause (in other words, they do not raise this
percentage threshold) nor an opting-out clause (i.e., they do not waive


--- Page 28 ---

the requirement of a tender offer). At the same time, the regulations of
Austrian takeover law relating to offer obligations do not apply to ams.

7.2 Clauses on Changes of Control

At the reporting date, no clauses on changes of control existed in
agreements or plans involving members of the Supervisory Board, the
Management Board or other members of management.

8. Auditors

8.1 Duration of the Mandate and Term of Office of the Lead Auditor
The existing auditing mandate was assumed by KPMG Alpen-Treuhand
GmbH, now KPMG Wirtschaftspriifungs- und Steuerberatungs AG,
Vienna, in 2005. Its election as auditor for the year under review was
confirmed at the Annual General Meeting on May 23, 2013. The audit
partner responsible for this mandate, Johannes Bauer, took office for the
first time for fiscal year 2010.

8.2 Auditing Fees
The auditing firm charged auditing fees amounting to EUR 130,000.00
during the year under review.

8.3 Additional Fees
The auditing firm charged fees for additional consulting services amoun-
ting to EUR 49,872.50 during the year under review.

8.4 Supervisory and Control Instruments Pertaining to the Audit
The auditor reports regularly to the Supervisory Board's Financial Audit
Committee both orally and in writing. In the period under review, the
auditor attended two Supervisory Board meetings and three Financial
Audit Committee meetings.

The auditor is monitored and evaluated by the Supervisory Board's
Financial Audit Committee at regular intervals. The auditor is selected on
the basis of a tendering process that takes a catalog of criteria into ac-
count. The auditor's remuneration is checked regularly against prevailing
market fees. The lead auditor for the company rotates every five years.

9. Information Policy

ams is committed to an open and transparent information policy to-
wards the stakeholders. All important information on the development
of business and the share price (reports, financial calendar and share pri-
ce data) is available on the company website www.ams.com under the
“Investor” tab. The company’s ad-hoc publications are available via www.
ams.com/eng/Investor/Financial-News/Ad-hoc and can be subscribed
via www.ams.com/eng/Investor/Investor-Contact/Subscribe. Share-
price-influencing events are published promptly through the media and
on the website. ams issues quarterly reports regarding the development
of its business. The publications are made available in electronic form.
The Annual Report may also be made available in a printed version. For
the company’s contact details, refer to the publishing information at the
end of the Annual Report.

Advancement of Women

ams is committed to facilitating the career development of women
in management positions and to increasing the share of women in its

workforce over the medium term. However, as a highly technical compa-
ny in a high-tech industry it remains difficult for ams to increase the ratio
of women in management positions in Austria as well as internationally.
The share of women in management positions (except Management
Board members) was 12% in fiscal year 2013 (11% in fiscal year 2012),
while the overall share of women in the company’s workforce was 27%
last year. According to its Code of Conduct, ams refrains from any form of
discrimination based on, for example, race, religion, political affiliation,
and in particular gender.

Austrian Corporate Governance Code

As an Austrian stock company, ams has committed itself to compliance
with the Austrian Corporate Governance Code in a declaration of com-
mitment. This code represents a voluntary commitment of companies
to the principles of transparent corporate governance and contains
corresponding recommendations. The code is available on the internet
in electronic form at www.corporate-governance.at. However, since ams
is not listed in Austria, it has in its declaration of commitment exempted
itself from guidelines of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code which
are not based on or closely associated with mandatory provisions of the
Austrian Stock Corporation Act or not applicable due to mandatory pro-
visions arising in connection with the company's listing in Switzerland.
Furthermore, ams has stated non-compliance regarding the following L
and C rules of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code:

~ Rule 27a: If applicable, severance payment entitlements accrued under
previous management board contracts may exceed the remuneration
for the balance period of the current management board contract. If
applicable, severance payment entitlements accrued under previous
management board contracts will be paid out in case of termination of
the current management board contract due to gross misconduct.

— Rule 28: The passing of a resolution on stock option plans for the
Management Board required by this rule has historically been handled
by the Supervisory Board's Staff Committee in the interest of a consistent
remuneration policy for members of the Management Board. In the
interest of a consistent implementation of the share-based compensati-
on schemes the members of the Management Board participate in the
employee stock option plans (SOP) detailed in pt. 2.7 of this chapter.

The possibility of subsequent changes to the criteria for a preferential
transfer of shares to members of the Management Board is not being
excluded.

— Rule 66: ams prepares the quarterly report for the second quarter and
first half year according to IAS 34 (half year report), while a shortened
reporting format is chosen for the first and third quarter of each year.

External Evaluation

According to rule 62 of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code, ams
commissions an external evaluation of compliance with the respective
rules of the Code and correctness of the related public reporting in
regular intervals; the last evaluation was conducted in 2014.

33


--- Page 29 ---



--- Page 30 ---



--- Page 31 ---

34

Financial Information

Group Management Report 2013
Consolidated Income Statement
acc. to IFRS from January 1, 2013 until December 31, 2013
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

acc. to IFRS from January 1, 2013 until December 31, 2013
Consolidated Balance Sheet

acc. to IFRS as of December 31, 2013
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

acc. to IFRS from January 1, 2012 until December 31, 2013
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
acc. to IFRS from January 1, 2013 until December 31, 2013
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor's Report .....



--- Page 32 ---



--- Page 33 ---

36

Group Management Report 2013

1 Overview of the economic environment

and the past financial year

After rather weak results in 2012, the global
semiconductor industry developed positively in
2013. This slight upturn was particularly due to
the positive macroeconomic environment in key
regions. Total sales of the global semiconductor
market increased by 4.8% to USD 305.6bn in 2013.
In comparison, market volume decreased by -2.7%
to USD 291.6bn in 2012. The relevant market seg-
ment for ams, analog semiconductors, also showed
a growth of 2.1% to USD 40.1bn in 2013 (previous
year: USD 39.3bn)'.

ams nonetheless recorded a restrained business
development in the previous year, especially in
the Consumer & Communications business, which
resulted in a decline in sales by 3% to EUR 377.8m.
However, revenue was kept at the same level as

in 2012 after currency adjustments and as the
quantity and value of ams design-wins at leading
customers increased significantly in the past year,
the foundation for a clearly improved business
development in 2014 has been laid.

More than 30 years of experience in the analog
segment, continuous innovation and high perfor-
mance IC solutions give ams a competitive edge.
The company’s clear positioning in the analog
semiconductor market and significant investments
in research and development strengthened ams’
position as a market-leading supplier of high-per-
formance analog ICs and sensors further in 2013.
The company’s customers value the competence of
ams in sensors, sensor interfaces, power manage-
ment- and wireless solutions offering particularly
low energy consumption, highest accuracy and

1) Source: WSTS, December 2012

excellent analog performance. ams’ worldwide
sales- and support network enables the company
to fully participate in the market development in
Europe, Asia, and North America.

The product range of the company includes the
Consumer & Communications, Industry, Medical
and Automotive markets.

The Consumer & Communications market record-
ed a decline in sales in 2013 which was caused by
delayed customer projects and base effects despite
ongoing expansion of the markets for smartphones
and tablet PCs. Globally operating OEMs trust the
know-how of ams in high-quality sensor and analog
solutions and ams was also in 2013 an important
supplier to the leading smartphone, tablet PC and
mobile device vendors. In this very competitive
market, ams presented attractive innovations and
new technical solutions and expanded its market
reach further with existing and new accounts. Ac-
cordingly, design activities of customers with ams
products remained at a high level.

ams as market-leading provider of advanced light
sensors was also successful in the previous year and
secured its market position as supplier for lead-

ing OEMs. Again, this product area shipped high
volumes of ambient light and proximity sensors

for a wide variety of major global platforms and
models and although the volumes of 2012 were
not reached, it was responsible for the largest share
of total revenues of the company. As partner to
important vendors, ams recognized a trend towards
the application of RGB color sensors for display


--- Page 34 ---

controls of the last generation on the global mobile
device market. Additionally, ams introduced a new
type of light sensor solution that combines a RGB
color sensor with innovative gesture recognition
and further functions in one very compact module.
This solution enables important new growth op-
portunities for ams in the smartphone and mobile
device market.

ams made a significant investment in a new 3D pro-
duction line for light sensors at the headquarters.
The future application of this ambitious self-devel-
oped technology offers substantial cost advantages
and enables ams also to attractively cover price
sensitive segments of the light sensor market.

The MEMS microphone IC product area increased
its shipments significantly further to more than

1.6 billion units. This mirrors the expanding pene-
tration of this technology in mobile devices and the
growth of the smartphone and tablet PC market.
ams’ clear market leadership remains unchanged in
this area, which is characterized by a highly dynam-
ic market and intense competition. Cost optimiza-
tion is of central importance for the positioning in
this market, next to improvements in audio quality
and noise ratio.

ams’ wireless business, which covers high-quality
solutions for NFC (Near Field Communications) and
RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) showed a
positive development in general but still fell short
of expectations. Especially for NFC-based mobile
payment hardware solutions, the market did not
develop as dynamically as expected, which traces
back to customer specific factors. Nevertheless, ams
is convinced that its innovative antenna booster
solution for NFC and the excellent NFC competence
will enable strong growth for this business in the
future.

ams recorded very good results in the industrial
segment (industrial electronics) in the past year,
which showed a clear improvement in compari-
son to the previous year. As leading provider for
sensors and sensor interfaces for a wide variety of
applications in industrial automation and related
applications, ams profited from the macroeconomic
recovery last year. The positive development of
industrial end markets lead to a pleasant dynamic
in the course of the year, due to the broad range of
product lines and applications. ams is globally rec-
ognized as technology specialist for industry sen-
sors as well as solutions for position measurement
and building technology and further expanded its
market position in 2013.

ams was able to tie up to the positive development
of the previous year in its medical sector (medical
technology). Highly specialized sensor- and sensor
interface solutions are the basis of ams’ medical
business, especially in the core area “Medical Imag-
ing" for imaging processes like computed tomogra-
phy (CT), digital X-ray, ultrasound and mammogra-
phy. High performance CT imaging sensors hereby
define the technically possible and offer substantial
performance advantages for the benefit of the pa-
tients. Long-term in nature, ams’ medical business
is built around strategic partnerships with global
leaders in medical device and system technology.

ams’ automotive business (automotive electronics)
demonstrated a gratifying growth in 2013 com-
pared to the previous year, which resulted from the
market launch of new vehicle platforms and the
overall positive development of the end market.
Thereby, ams was able to substantially increase de-
livery quantities, because the sensor and electronics
penetration in vehicles is continually increasing.
This segment continues to focus on demanding
sensor- and positioning solutions, innovative solu-

37


--- Page 35 ---

38

tions for safety systems like collision avoidance, and
battery management. Numerous new design-wins
especially in Asia underline ams’ position as import-
ant partner to major system suppliers and form an
outstanding basis for the future.

ams’ business segment Foundry, which manufac-
tures customized analog and mixed-signal ICs in
specialty processes, continued to be successful in

its markets in 2013. The business segment as full
service provider offers a broad range of additional
services from development support to test and
holds a leading market position as analog foundry
for specialty processes.


--- Page 36 ---

2 Business results
2.1 Development of revenues

Consolidated group revenues for the financial year
2013 showed a decrease of 3% to EUR 377.8m com-
pared to EUR 387.6m in 2012. This development is
primarily caused by the decreasing demand in the
target market Consumer & Communications (-10%)
and could not be compensated by the positive de-
velopment and the overall good demand for ams’

The revenue breakdown by markets is as follows:

solutions in the Automotive and Industry & Medical
markets. Customer-specific factors have caused this
uneven development, whereas the positive trend

in Industry & Medical and Automotive refers to the
market success of innovative ams’ solutions and the
predominantly positive macroeconomic develop-
ment.

in millions of EUR 2013 %of revenues 2012 %of revenues Change in %

Consumer & Communications 224.4 59% 248.3 64% -10%

Automotive 48.5 13% 40.5 10% +20%

Industry & Medical 104.9 28% 98.9 26% +6%
377.8 387.6

Revenue breakdown by markets

Industry & Medical

59%

Automotive

The distribution of revenues by region reflects the
demand situation in the company’s target markets.
The Asia / Pacific region developed negatively in
2013 with a decline in revenues in the Consumer &

__ Consumer & Communications

Communications business compared to 2012. This
led to a decreased contribution of this region to
group revenues while the demand for ams’ prod-
ucts in Europe and USA increased considerably.

39


--- Page 37 ---

40

The revenue breakdown by region (based on billing location) is as follows:

in millions of EUR 2013 %of revenues 2012 %of revenues Change in %
EMEA 1317 35% 1247 32% +6%
Americas 227 6% 19.1 5% +19%
Asia / Pacific 223.4 59% 243.8 63% -8%
377.8 387.6
Revenue breakdown by regions
Asia / Pacific

_

35%

59% \
EMEA
X om
Americas

2.2 Orders received and order backlog

Orders received developed weaker in the course
of the year, especially because of reluctant order
patterns and decreased from EUR 386.0m to
EUR 364.2m in 2013, which is a reduction of 6%
compared to the previous year.

ams’ year-end order backlog decreased by 16%
from EUR 90.9m in 2012 to EUR 76.6m by Decem-

ber 31, 2013. This lower order backlog has been
caused by extremely short-term order behavior
of a few market participants in the Consumer &
Communications sector in comparison to the end
of the previous year. As this is particular the case
for new products and applications whose market
launch is imminent, order backlog still represents
an attractive basis for the business year 2014.


--- Page 38 ---

Revenues and orders developed as follows:

in millions of EUR 2013 2012 Change in %
Revenues 3778 387.6 -3%
Orders received 364.2 386.0 ~6%
Total order backlog 76.6 90.9 -16%

2.3 Earnings

Gross profit decreased to EUR 198.0m in 2013 com-
pared to EUR 202.9m in the previous year.

The full year gross margin of 52% (adjusted for
effects resulting from the purchase price alloca-
tion in connection with the acquisition of TAOS
55%) remained at the same level as in 2012 of 52%
(adjusted for effects resulting from the purchase
price allocation in connection with the acquisition
of TAOS 55%). This attractive development was
mainly driven by the full capacity utilization of
the company’s production facilities in 2013 and
an improved product mix with higher margins. At
the same time, prices for the company’s products
remained largely stable to slightly declining.

Research and development costs as well as mar-
keting and sales expenses showed an increase
compared to the previous year, which is due to

significant product development efforts, the
expansion of the sales network and a continued in-
crease in personnel cost. Administrative costs were
also higher than the year because of an increase in
personnel costs.

Given the decline in sales in relation to an increase
of fixed costs, the operating result (EBIT) decreased
by EUR 20.9m to EUR 63.9m in 2013. With the de-
crease in EBIT, EBITDA (Earnings before interest and
taxes plus depreciation) decreased by EUR 18.9m
to EUR 99.1m.

Net income decreased to EUR 60.8m in 2013 from
EUR 81.9m in 2012. The return on equity reached
14% compared to 20% for 2012 while the return on
revenues decreased from 21% to 16% in 2013.

in millions of EUR 2013 2012 Change in %
Gross profit on revenues 198.0 202.9 -2%
Gross margin 52% 52%

Gross margin

(excluding acquisition-related costs) 55% 55%

EBITDA 99.1 118.1 -16%
Operating result (EBIT) 63.9 84.8 -25%
EBIT margin 17% 22%

Financial result -0.5 “14 +66%
Result before tax 63.4 83.4 -24%
Net result 608 81.9 -26%
Return on equity 14% 20%

Return on revenues 16% 21%

41


--- Page 39 ---

42

2.4 Assets and financial position

The balance sheet structure shows a high ratio of
fixed to total assets, common to the semiconductor
industry. The share of intangibles and property,
plant and equipment in the total assets decreased
slightly from 62% in 2012 to 59% in 2013.

The investments in fixed assets affecting cash
(capital expenditures) of EUR 47.1m were higher
than the current depreciation and amortization

of EUR 35.3m and amounted to 12% in relation

to revenue (2012: 8%). The ratio of equity to fixed
assets reached 111% in 2013 compared to 102% in
the previous year.

The fixed assets include a deferred tax asset of
EUR 33.3m (previous year: EUR 32.9m). Under the
current tax legislation this tax asset can be carried
forward indefinitely, but is expected to be used to
offset profit taxes within the next five years.

Inventories amounted to EUR 40.5m at the end of
2013 (2012: EUR 56.2m). Improvements in inven-

tory management despite a constant high level of
capacity utilization led to an increased inventory
turnover compared to last year.

Trade receivables increased due to the significant
share in fourth quarter revenues while the average
period of outstanding receivables remained almost
unchanged compared to the previous year. At
year-end 2013 trade receivables amounted to

EUR 63.7m (2012: EUR 42.2m).

Due to the strong operating cash flow, financial
liabilities decreased by EUR 20.7m from EUR 80.8m
to EUR 60.1m and net debt shrank in the past finan-
cial year. As a result, net financial assets came to
EUR 44.2m at balance sheet date (2012: EUR 6.0m).
Group equity increased by 9% to EUR 444.7m asa
consequence of the positive development of the
net result.

Assets in millions of EUR 2013 2012 Equity and liabilities 2013 2012
Inventories 40.5 56.2 Financial liabilities 60.1 80.8
Trade receivables 63.7 42.2 Trade liabilities 28.3 26.4
Other current assets 114.9 98.1 Other liabilities 73.9 70.2
Fixed assets 400.7 404.7 Provisions 46.0 47.1
Deferred tax asset 33.3 32.9 Shareholders’ equity 444.7 409.5
Total assets 653.0 634.0 Total equity and liabilities 653.0 634.0



--- Page 40 ---

Inventories

8.8%

Trade receivables 6.7%

15.5%
Other current assets [UVAL/

Fixed assets JI) 63.8%

Deferred tax asset 5.2%

2013 2012

Given the lower indebtedness the debt-to-equity
ratio decreased to 14% compared to 20% in the

Financial liabilities

Trade liabilities 12.7%

42%

Other liabilities [RRBEX7)

11.1%
Provisions

74%

Shareholders’ equity [GMB] 64.6%
2013 2012

previous year. At the same time, the equity ratio

increased to 68% (2012: 65%).

2013 2012
Equity ratio 68% 65%
Debt to equity ratio 14% 20%
Equity to fixed assets ratio 111% 101%

Key figures are directly derivable from the financial statement.

43


--- Page 41 ---

2.5 Cash flow

The operating cash flow decreased to EUR 100.2m
in 2013 compared to EUR 124.8m in the previous
year. This reduction is primarily based on the lower
operating result. The cash flow from investing
activities was EUR -46.8m (2012: EUR -65.7m)
including EUR 47.1m of expenditures for intan-

gible assets, property, plant and equipment

(2012: EUR 31.9m). The free cash flow amounted to
EUR 53.4m (2012: 59.1m). The company’s available
liquidity increased in 2013 and cash including
short-term investments grew from EUR 86.8m at
the end of 2012 to EUR 104.3m at the end of 2013.

in millions of EUR 2013 2012 Change in %
Operating cash flow 100.2 1248 -20%
Cash flow from investing activities 46.8 “65.7 +29%
Free cash flow 53.4 59.1 -10%
Cash flow from financing activities -379 42.9 +12%
Cash and cash equivalents 83.4 67.9 +23%

3 Research and development

ams’ technological leadership in the design and
manufacture of high performance analog ICs is
based on over 30 years of intensive research and
development activities. In order to secure and
strengthen its position, the company makes signif-
icant investments in research and development on
a continuous basis. Research and development ex-
penses were EUR 68.5m last year (18% of revenue)
compared to EUR 59.0m in 2012 (15% of revenue).
Research and development activities in product
development included mainly the areas of Sensors

and Sensor Interfaces, Power Management and
Wireless as well as the development of specialty
variants of CMOS and SiGe processes for high-volt-
age and high-frequency applications. The average
number of employees in research and develop-
ment were 346 in 2013 (2012: 310).

Our R&D activities allowed the filing of various
international patents as well as the publication of
numerous papers in international specialist jour-
nals and at trade conferences last year.


--- Page 42 ---

4 Purchasing and manufacturing

In purchasing, costs for raw materials and assembly
services were slightly reduced in 2013 which had

a positive effect on the gross profit margin. Given
continuously increasing personnel costs the cost
pressures in manufacturing remain high.

Gross margin remained unchanged 52% (2012:
52%) due to a favorable product mix, high capacity
utilization in manufacturing and a focus on higher
margin products.

5 Employees

On average, ams had 1,394 employees in 2013
(2012: 1,282) of which 863 worked at the headquar-
ters in Unterpremstatten (2012: 833). The increase
consisting of approximately 25 employees is based
on the acquisition of IDS in 2012.

ams recognizes its responsibility as one of the most
important employers in the region. The company
again offered a wide range of internal and external
training and development opportunities for all em-
ployees last year and provided training positions
for apprentices.

ams attempts to retain its employees with long-
term remuneration systems. A profit sharing pro-
gram for all ams employees augments the existing
employee stock option program with an attractive
direct component. As part of our comprehensive

Internal production capacity was nearly fully
utilized during the last year. Any unabsorbed fixed

costs have been recorded in the income statement.

Across all manufacturing areas average capacity
utilization was 100% in 2013. For 2014, the com-
pany assumes continued high levels of capacity
utilization given the sustained positive demand
situation for our products.

compensation model this program honors every
employee's contribution to ams’ success.

The profit sharing program is an expression of ams’
belief that its employees are the company’s most
important success factor. Owing to the decline in
earnings in 2013, the total amount of distribution
which depends on the operating profit before
taxes in relation to full year revenues (EBT margin)
decreased and totals to EUR 3.5m for 2013 (2012:
EUR 10.6m).

Moreover, internal corporate and employee com-
munications as well as regular employee events
have been part of the company’s human resources
policy for many years and serve to ensure motiva-
tion and identification of all employees.

45


--- Page 43 ---

46

6 Environment

A responsible attitude towards the environment

is a basic business principle at ams. The company

is dedicated to meeting the highest ecological
standards as well as making conservative use of
resources and the environment. Consequently, ams
has been certified to ISO 14001:2004 for a number
of years.

Sustainability and efforts to preserve environmen-
tal resources and reduce energy costs and carbon
dioxide emissions are major concerns for ams
which have been supported by a range of activi-
ties for many years. Based on a thorough analysis

7 Subsidiaries and branch faci

ams currently has subsidiaries in Switzerland, Italy,
Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Spain, the
USA, the Cayman Islands, the Philippines, Japan,
Korea, Slovenia and India. The subsidiaries in the
USA, Switzerland, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom,
Slovenia and India carry out development, mar-
keting and sales activities, while the subsidiaries in
Germany, France and Japan are active in marketing
and sales and technical support. The subsidiary in
Korea which was added through the acquisition of
AMS-TAOS is responsible for sales and assembly in
the region while the subsidiary in the Philippines is
responsible for production activities in testing.
Branch facilities exist in Hong Kong, Singapore,
China and Taiwan.

of ams’ carbon dioxide emissions sources in 2009
measures to achieve continuing further reductions
in carbon dioxide emissions are defined and imple-
mented each year. Likewise, ams has set itself the
mid-term goal of becoming fully carbon neutral as
a company.

ams submits information regarding its carbon
dioxide emissions to the Carbon Disclosure Project,
a worldwide transparency initiative which has cre-
ated the world's largest freely available database of
corporate carbon dioxide emissions.

ies

The existing investment in FlipChip Holdings LLC,
Phoenix, Arizona (USA), remained unchanged at
33.5% in 2013. Based on its patented Wafer-Level
Packaging (WL-CSP) Technology, FlipChip Holdings
develops high end packaging technologies and of-
fers advanced packaging services. The investment
in New Scale Technologies, Inc., Victor, New York
(USA), also remained unchanged at 34.5%. New
Scale Technologies develops piezo-based minia-
ture motor technologies and licenses products and
technologies to industrial partners.


--- Page 44 ---

8 Risk management

Operating on a global basis, the ams Group is
exposed to a variety of risks that are inextricably
linked to business activities. In order to identify,
evaluate and counteract these risks in a timely
manner, ams has developed and implemented
tight internal risk management systems. This

risk management system was implemented and
benchmarked against best practices in conjunction
with the company’s auditors. The risk management
process in place requires the business units to
constantly monitor and evaluate risks. Regular risk

Business interruption risk

The company’s state-of-the-art 200mm manu-
facturing facility went into operation in 2002,
therefore the risk of breakdowns or prolonged
downtime is relatively low. In addition, this risk is
being further minimized by adopting a proactive
approach to preventive maintenance. The business

Financial risks

Risk management is handled centrally by the
treasury department in accordance with guidelines
issued by the management board. These detailed
internal guidelines regulate responsibility and ac-

reports are prepared for the management board
and supervisory board. This ensures that major
risks are identified and counteraction can be taken
at an early stage.

The internal audit function complements the risk
management process. In close alignment with the
supervisory board’s audit committee it aims to
analyze internal processes and if necessary propose
improvements.

interruption risk is also insured for the replacement
price and against loss of earnings for 18 months.
ams’ insurer, FM Global, has awarded the compa-
ny - as one of a select few semiconductor manu-
facturers - the HPR (highly protected risk) status.

tion parameters for the areas affected. The treasury
department evaluates and hedges financial risks in
close cooperation with the business units.

47


--- Page 45 ---

48

Receivables and credit risk

ams operates a strict credit policy. The creditwor-
thiness of existing customers is constantly checked
and new customers undergo a credit evaluation.
Under ams’ treasury and risk management policy,
investments in liquid securities and transactions

Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk - the possible fluctuation in value
of financial instruments due to changes in market
interest rates — arises in relation to medium and
long-term receivables and payables (especially
borrowings). ams’ treasury policy ensures that
part of the interest rate risk is reduced by fixed-in-
terest borrowings. On the liability side, 25% of all
amounts owed to financial institutions are at fixed

Foreign exchange risk

Financial transactions in the semiconductor in-
dustry are predominantly carried out in US dollars.
To hedge the currency risk, all transaction and
conversion risks are constantly monitored. Within
the group, cash flows in the same currency are off-
set (netting). Currency fluctuations during foreign
currency transactions mainly concern the US dollar.
In order to hedge the remaining receivables po-
sitions, the company employs derivative financial
instruments to a certain extent. These instruments
mainly involve forward exchange transactions,

involving derivative financial instruments are only
carried out with financial institutions that have
high credit ratings. As of the balance sheet date
there were no significant concentrations of credit
risk.

rates. Of the remaining borrowings on a floating
rate basis (75%), 99% will be repaid over the next
two years. The remaining floating rate borrow-
ings undergo continual checks with regard to the
interest rate risk. On the asset side, the interest rate
risks are primarily with time deposits and securities
in current assets that are tied to the market interest
rate.

interest and currency options as well as interest
and currency swaps. The use of derivative financial
instruments and contracts to fix future exchange
rates for foreign currency assets and liabilities sub-
stantially reduces the risk of changes in currency
exchange rates for ams.

At the same time, due to the extreme volatility in
the currency markets, it is not possible to engage
in economically feasible efficient and low risk
currency hedges.


--- Page 46 ---

Product liability and quality risk

The products manufactured by ams are integrated
in complex electronic systems. Faults or functional
defects in the products produced by ams may have
a direct or indirect effect on the property, health or
life of third parties. The company is not in a posi-
tion to reduce or exclude its liability towards con-
sumers or third parties in sales agreements. Every
product that leaves the company undergoes sever-

Patent infringement risk

ams manufactures complex microchips using
various process technologies, line widths and
production facilities. Like industry competitors, the
company constantly has to develop these technol-
ogies further. Should ams infringe any additional
patents while consistently monitoring processes,

al qualified checks regarding quality and function.
In spite of quality control systems certified to ISO/
TS 16949, ISO/TS 13485, ISO 9001 und ISO 14001,
product defects may occur and possibly only

show up after installation and use of the finished
products. Although this risk has been appropriately
insured, quality problems could negatively impact
ams’ assets, financial and earnings position.

production methods and design blocks protected
under patent law as well as related comprehensive
licensing, this may negatively impact the assets,
financial and earnings position of the company as
well as the ams share price.

9 Events after the Balance Sheet Date

No transactions had a significant effect on ams’ financial position, assets or earnings after the closing of

the fiscal year.

49


--- Page 47 ---

50

10 Outlook

In addition to indications of a clearly more positive
development of the world economy, industrial pro-
duction and private consumption, which should
boost a further upswing in the semiconductor
industry, ams expects meaningful higher business
volumes in 2014 based on several attractive de-
sign-wins and innovative sensor solutions brought
to market.

Looking at the analog segment of the worldwide
semiconductor industry, market researchers
assume a higher growth in market volumes com-
pared to 2013, which is nevertheless expected in
the mid-single digit percentage range (WSTS, De-
cember 2013). In contrast, ams attempts to achieve
a revenue growth rate significantly above the
expected market growth rate for the current year.
With increased revenues compared to the previous
year and continued high capacity utilization, ams
anticipates an improvement in gross profit margin
compared to 2013.

Accordingly ams expects stronger growth of the
operating and net result compared to revenue
growth in 2014.

In case 2014 shows a much weaker global demand
for semiconductors and a weaker development

of the macroeconomic environment as expected
and/or the US dollar weakens notably, the impact
on the business development of ams would be
profound.

The market success of ams’ solutions in smart-
phones and tablets, the integration of innovative
sensor functionalities into mobile devices, new
applications in the wireless business, high-qual-

ity medical systems as well as inventive sensor
systems for industrial and automotive applications,
create meaningful short- and mid-term growth
opportunities for ams.

The expansion of business with key customers in all
markets, the broadening of the worldwide custom-
er base and the increase of sales with distributors
remain mid-term strategic priorities for ams.


--- Page 48 ---

11 Other Information

Regarding the information related to equity and investments please refer to the notes of the financial

statements.

Unterpremstatten, February 3, 2014

Kirk Laney & Michael Wachsler-Markowitsch
CEO CFO

51
