

--- Page 1 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Messages from the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer

Message from

PIERRE BELLON

Chairman of the Sodexo Board

1. THE REASONS BEHIND THIS REMARKABLE GROWTH: THE
SEVEN FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES OF OUR DEVELOPMENT

1.1 A WILLINGNESS TO GROW
AND DREAD OF RECESSION

The initial reason was my willingness to grow and my
dread of recession. At the time, Marseilles’ maritime
supply industry was in decline. | saw three of the world’s
largest shipyards disappear from Provence in the space
of a few years. So, even before creating the company, |
made the audacious statement: “Sodexo will be a growth
company”

From the start, | decided to focus on organic growth

because that’s what maintains jobs and gives employees
opportunities for internal advancement.

1.2 OUR VISION OF THE BUSINESS
Sodexo is a community shaped by

e its clients and consumers, serving 75 million people
daily;

e its employees and leaders, with a total workforce
of 428,000 employees, of which more than
30,000 managers and a number of great “internal
entrepreneurs”;

e its shareholders totaling around 65,000, of whom
35,000 are Group employees

e Ourclients and our consumers: our jobis to listen
to their needs and create value for them. Value is
usually created at the level of the site manager, the
district manager and the regional manager.

e Our employees and our leaders: our core
strength lies in the fact that Michel Landel, our
managers and our teams share the same values
and are all committed to taking Sodexo forward.
Our employee engagement rate was 57% in 2012
Our goal is to increase it to 65%, to put us ina
league with the large global companies that are
ranked among the best places to work. And then
we will set the bar even higher.

e Our shareholders: | remind you that Bellon SA
currently holds nearly 38% of the capital and over
50% of the voting rights, followed by four other
shareholders who own between 2% and 4% of the
capital and ten others with between 1% and 2%.

4. Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 2 ---

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Messages from the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer

My children currently own two-thirds of Bellon SA.
| would like to thank and congratulate them on
behalf of our community. They embody Sodexo’s
values. They put the Group’s interests before their
own and their ambitions for its growth before their
personal ambitions. To fully guarantee Sodexo’s
independence, my children, my wife and | have
signed a 50-year agreement that binds our
grandchildren to the organization.

1.3. ACULTURE FOCUSED ON THE
CLIENT AND THE CONSUMER,
WITHOUT WHOM WE WOULDN'T

EXIST

Segmentation, sub-segmentation and the identification
of niches are the keys to accelerating our growth and have
required us to make investments.

These “intangible” investments have allowed us today
in France, for example, to become number one in the
Healthcare segment and number two in the Education
and Corporate segments.

1.4 DEVELOPING OUR HUMAN

RESOURCES

Human resources development has been a factor in our
growth up to now but more importantly, it is the key to
our future growth.

At the outset, | made three crucial observations:

@ on my own, it would be hard to accomplish anything;
| could become a barrier to development. This is why |
surrounded myself with competent men and women;

e recognition of the efforts of the men and women on
our sites is critical; they are the ones who are in daily
contact with consumers, who understand their needs,
ensure their satisfaction and are the ambassadors of
the Group's image. Nothing gives me greater pleasure
than hearing fellow business leaders tell me “your
employees are amazing”;

e starting out in the foodservices business, an under-
recognized profession in general, | realized that our
work needs to be valued and have meaning and that
we need to take pride in it.

Upon the creation of Sodexo in 1966, we defined our:
e mission;
e values;

e ethical principles.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 5

>


--- Page 3 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Messages from the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer

PIERRE BELLON

message, continued
Chairman of the Sodexo Board

Our mission is twofold:

e improve the Quality of Life of our employees and
all whom we serve: employees in their workplace,
patients in hospital, students in schools and
universities, prisoners in correctional facilities,
soldiers in garrisons, workers at onshore and
offshore remote sites, etc.;

e contribute to the economic, social and
environmental development of the communities,
regions and countries in which we operate.

Our values

The values shared by Sodexo’s 428,000 employees
are:

e service spirit;

© team spirit;

e spirit of progress.

Our ethical principles

e loyalty;

e respect for people and equal opportunity;
© transparency;

e business integrity.

Our mission, our values and our ethical principles
impart a common vision, give meaning to our initiatives
and to the work we do as individuals. They are shared
by our managers, who set the example, and by our
428,000 employees.

Today, 47 years after Sodexo’s creation, they are the
foundation of our commitment, uniting us and serving
as a common bond for our teams throughout the world
This is what sets us apart from our competitors. Sodexo
has been able to grow thanks to its employees and, above
all, its internal entrepreneurs.

They all have the same profile; they learned the ropes
firsthand, acquired an understanding of the business,
took on broad responsibilities and worked to guarantee
long-term earnings growth. Their values, behaviors and
expertise have helped them climb the career ladder and
grow with the Company

We also benefit from the leadership of our functional
senior managers. Their contribution is a determining
factor in Sodexo’s development.

1.5 OUR STRATEGIC POSITIONING

To define a strategy is to make a choice. It is to decide
what we will do and, more importantly, what we will not
do. When Sodexo was created in 1966, we made two key
choices that remain the cornerstones of our strategy:

We are and will remain a services
company

WHY FOCUS ON SERVICES

We made the simple observation that the tertiary (services)
sector was going to grow much faster than the primary
(raw materials) and secondary (manufacturing) sectors

WHICH SERVICES
In such a vast sector, we simply cannot do everything

We chose to focus on Quality of Life
Services

Our strategic positioning is clear. It reflects the mission
that | defined when the Company was founded back in
1966: “to improve the Quality of Life of our employees, our
clients’ emplouees, our consumers and our beneficiaries”

6 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 4 ---

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Messages from the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer

For this reason, to fulfill our mission and set ourselves
apart from the competition, Sodexo has become the world
leader in Quality of Life Services.

This is also why we have chosen three activities:

e On-site Services;
e Benefits and Rewards Services;
e Personal and Home Services.

All of these services help to improve the Quality of Life of
our employees, our clients’ employees and our consumers.

1.6 CHOOSING TO BECOME GLOBAL

We quickly understood that, like our clients and suppliers,
we too had to become global, particularly as France
represented only 1% of the world’s population.

We have built a global presence in two ways:

e@ mainly through organic growth, in Belgium, Italy,
Spain, the Middle East, Africa, Brazil, Russia, India,
China, etc.;

e but also through three major acquisitions completed in
the 1990s, in the United Kingdom, Scandinavia and the
United States, which represented exceptional, “once in
a lifetime” opportunities;

We will not be making any such large acquisitions in the

future, because our global network is relatively complete.

We will limit ourselves to small acquisitions, mainly to

extend our expertise, and will focus on organic growth.

1.7

Since its creation in 1966, independence has been one
of the Group's fundamental principles, as it enables the
organization to:

OUR INDEPENDENCE

e maintain its values;

e focus ona long-term strategy;

® maintain management continuity;
e ensure its longevity.

Starting with nothing in Marseilles in 1966, Sodexo
has become a large international business and a global
leader in most of its markets: with 428,000 employees
in 80 countries it is the largest private sector French
employer in the world and the 18th largest worldwide (in
terms of the number of employees).

This ascension was driven by our seven fundamental
principles, which we must hold on to unflinchingly and
tenaciously.

Rather than list the seven reasons for our exceptional
growth, | could have mentioned just one: the sum of our
successes has been slightly greater than the sum of our
failures. Personally, | have had many failures. | have taken
risks and so have my colleagues. This gives them the right
to fail. | have learned much more from my failures than
from my successes.

>

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 7


--- Page 5 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Messages from the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer

PIERRE BELLON

message, continued
Chairman of the Sodexo Board

2. HOW WE CAN RESPOND TO THE CHANGING GLOBAL
LANDSCAPE AND PURSUE OUR GROWTH TRAJECTORY?

We have defined five priorities

2.1 SODEXO’S CORPORATE CULTURE...

is strong and essential to the Company's development,
but | believe it needs to evolve in three directions by

e looking reality in the face, i.e. each of us should try to
see things how things really are at our respective levels;

e promoting transparency to instill trust across the
organization;

e inverting the hierarchical pyramid, by giving more
power and responsibility to employees on the front
lines and knowing how to listen to them

2.2 OUR GROWTH POTENTIAL...

is 50 times greater than our current revenue figures
However, we need to further develop our human resources,
as people are the key to transforming this enormous
potential into operating income, free cash flow and
revenue.

With this in mind, we will focus on:
e succession planning and future management of our
leaders;

© reviewing our compensation and performance incentive
policies for our managers;

e facilitating the emergence of future internal
entrepreneurs, who will increasingly need to be “global
citizens”

2.3. THE TRANSFORMATION OF OUR
ON-SITE SERVICES ACTIVITY

Currently this activity is mainly organized by geographic
region. Our future organization will be clearer, simpler and
more easily understandable by our employees, our clients,
our consumers, our suppliers and the public authorities. It
will be designed to increasingly take into consideration the
needs of our clients and consumers. It will gradually evolve
into global divisions, segment by segment.

For a Group the size of Sodexo, Michel Landel and |
consider that we are not investing enough in Research
and Development or Innovation. In addition, | have spoken
to Michel and the Board of Directors about my intention
to create a Strategy Committee. | am now taking the time
to draft recommendations to the Board concerning the
Committee's objectives, membership and resources.

2.4 TOIMPROVE OUR
COMPETITIVENESS

e We are making headway in the following areas
consumer satisfaction, cost-effective purchasing
and menu planning, renegotiation with our clients of
under-performing contracts, and reducing operating
expenses.

e We have also made major progress on our improvement

indicators, which drive growth in operating profit and
revenue.

8 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 6 ---

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Messages from the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer

e The bulk of our investments are essentially intangible. e The Sodexo positioning, “Quality of Life Services” has
The question is how to incorporate them into our been adopted in all activities and countries.
decision-making processes. We operate in the Nevertheless, we still have a lot of work to do to materialize

services sector, which is inherently low in capital
intensity. Our assets are our people. We have therefore
decided to create a dedicated working group to make
recommendations to us, supported by a multi-
disciplinary team representing all of the Group's
activities.

our choice of a single brand.

e Lastly, paperless solutions and databases are
revolutionizing the way companies work and improving
their competitiveness. We have to act fast to reap the
benefits.

2.5 LASTLY, THE FIFTH PRIORITY IS TO
ESTABLISH A GLOBAL BRAND AND
A COMMUNICATION STRATEGY

Our goal is to make Sodexo a globally recognized, loved and
chosen brand. This will give us a competitive advantage
and improve our margins.

But Sodexo is not a product brand, a mass market brand
or a luxury brand of clothing, bags or jewelry. The Sodexo
brand is the reflection of our history, of who we are today
and of what we want to be in the future. It belongs to
the Sodexo community, to its clients, its consumers, its
shareholders and, above all, its employees.

We've made progress in this area.

e Our managers and their teams understand better than
ever the importance of our brand.

e Our logo is now the same everywhere in the world. PIERRE BELLON
e Our visual identity has been simplified and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sodexo
standardized.

e We have chosen uniforms that will be gradually
introduced for our employees worldwide.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 9


--- Page 7 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Sodexo Board of Directors as of August 31, 2013

SODEXO'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AS OF AUGUST 31, 2013

NATHALIE PIERRE SOPHIE FRANCOIS-XAVIER ASTRID
SZABO BELLON BELLON BELLON BELLON

10 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 8 ---

|

Sodexo Board of Directors as of August 31, 2013

MICHEL LANDEL ROBERT BACONNIER

PATRICIA BELLINGER BERNARD BELLON FRANCOISE BROUGHER

PAUL JEANBART ALAIN MARCHETEAU PETER THOMPSON

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 11


--- Page 9 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Message from Chief Executive Officer, Sodexo

Message from

MICHEL LANDEL

Sodexo Chief Executive Officer

1. REINFORCING OUR COMPETITIVENESS

Our competitiveness depends on our ability to accelerate
our organic growth as well as the implementation of
specific action plans to improve our efficiency at all levels

1.1. ACCELERATING OUR GROWTH

Since 2005, our revenue has grown by more than
50%, from 11.7 billion euro to 18.4 billion euro as of
August 31, 2013, representing average annual growth,
excluding currency effects, of 6.1%. Over the same period,
our operating profit and net income (excluding currency
effects and exceptional items) increased by an average of
8.4% and 10%, respectively. Finally, in terms of cash flow
generation, Sodexo has reached an annual average ratio
of “cash conversion” (of net income to free cash flow) over
the past eight years of approximately 140%.

This very solid and consistent performance is even more
significant considering that, over this same period, the
global economic environment in which we operate has
continued to deteriorate

While Europe still appears mired in the vicious circle of
recession with an outlook for a slow recovery, the U.S
remains weakened by the weight of its debt and so-
called «emerging» countries feel the effects of the global
slowdown and high inflation.

Despite this tense economic climate, we are confident
in our ability to accelerate our organic growth to reach
average annual revenue growth of 7%, in the medium
term

We are actively focused on three main areas.

e continuing to develop our expertise in quality of
life services. We are the only company able to provide
a comprehensive offer of more than 100 services
On-site Services, Benefits and Rewards Services and
Personal and Home Services.

Facilities management services now accounts for
27% of consolidated revenues (compared with 18%
in Fiscal 2005) and is today one of Sodexo’s key
growth drivers. These services, especially hard facilities
management services, will ultimately contribute to
improving our margins by providing ever-increasing
value to our clients in all client segments

The business successes achieved in Fiscal 2013
confirm the relevance of our offer. Demand for
integrated services continues to grow across all client
profiles. For example, three quarters of tenders in the
Corporate segment in Europe today are for integrated
services solutions;

12 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 10 ---

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Message from Chief Executive Officer, Sodexo

e strengthening our presence in “emerging” markets.
Our early development in markets with high growth
potential, particularly in the so-called “emerging”
countries, has made us a leader today in all of the
BRIC countries.

In fact, our activities in emerging countries in
Fiscal 2013 represent 21% of total On-site Services
(compared with only 10% in 2005) and more than
8 billion euro (compared with 2.1 billion euro in
Fiscal 2005) in issue volume for Benefits and Rewards
Services.

The growth rate for Benefits and Rewards Services is
particularly strong in South America and Asia, with
major business wins such as the contract for the
140,000 South American employees of FEMSA - the
world’s largest Coca-Cola bottler - as well as the
contract for meal cards for the 13,800 Capgemini
employees in India;

e strengthening our brand. We know that a strong
brand helps accelerate our business development and
our attractiveness as an employer. Here, we have also.
advanced, both in terms of reputation and image:
our services are better identified as contributing to
improving the quality of life of all those we serve.
A recent international study showed an increased
preference for our brand when it is associated with
our positioning.

1.2

ENHANCING EFFICIENCY TO BUILD
FOR THE FUTURE

For several years, our gross margin on sites and our
cash flow have been subject to significant pressure, with
our clients focused on reducing costs and improving
competitiveness.

We have been actively mobilized, and in November 2012
we launched our plan to improve operational efficiency
and reduce costs. We are making tough decisions to exit
from entities or contracts that are insufficiently profitable.
We also have become more stringent in managing our
overhead costs. As a result, excluding the cost impact
associated with implementing our operational efficiency
program, which itself is a sign of progress and adaptation,
our administrative overheads have decreased compared
to Fiscal 2012.

Today the global competitive environment requires us to
go even further in improving our operations and reducing
costs. To ensure profitable growth, we must be even
more proactive. This is imperative to maintaining our
investments, keeping our promise to improve quality of
life for our teams and for those we serve, and continuing
to contribute to the development of the communities in
which we operate.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 1

>

3


--- Page 11 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Message from Chief Executive Officer, Sodexo

MICHEL LANDEL

message, continued

Sodexo Chief Executive Officer

For the next two years, we will focus our efforts particularly
on

e the recovery, renegotiation or exit of contracts that
have become insufficiently profitable;

e@ more rigorously monitoring rising food and labor costs
and ensuring the associated impacts are passed on
to our clients;

e improving the productivity of our sites.

All of these actions will enable us, in a global economic
environment that continues to fluctuate, to reach an
operating margin in two years of 6%, which is necessary
to secure our long-term development.

2. PREPARING SODEXO’S FUTURE

Our teams are mobilized to strengthen our competitiveness,
which is essential for our durability and for our future. At
the same time, we need to be prepared to respond to
the emerging global trends in all fields - political, social,
demographic, technological and environmental - and find
new ways to grow. In order to build sustainable long-term
growth and seize the opportunities that lie before us, we
need to capitalize on our strengths and rethink the way
we do business.

We have already started what will be a long process,
and we did this by building on our core strengths:

2.1. A POSITION AT THE HEART
OF SOCIETAL CHANGES

Services are becoming drivers of development for
contemporary societies. They are playing an increasingly
significant role in economic activity, employment and
responding to the needs of individuals.

At Sodexo, we believe that to create lasting value,
companies and organizations must place people at the
center of their thinking. We consider Quality of Life to be a
key and as yet largely unexplored factor in individual and
collective performance. In order to continue to improve
the performance of collective places such as companies,
schools, universities, hospitals or prisons and hospitals,
we must now turn our attention to the individuals within
them. For Sodexo, improving Quality of Life is our business
and our core mission

2.2 A POWERFUL GLOBAL NETWORK
OF SPECIALIZED EXPERTISE

Over the years, Sodexo has structured its expertise around
two strengths: an unmatched international professional
network and expertise specialized by client segments and
sub-segments.

As a result, we have been able to respond to all of the
needs of our clients and consumers everywhere and with
the same level of precision

14 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 12 ---

At a time of accelerating globalization of our markets,
we are working to strengthen this dual competitive
advantage. This is why we will be putting in place in the
years ahead a global organization by client segment, to
better anticipate and support the evolution of our clients,
regardless of their size.

e This new organization will of course benefit our major
international clients for whom our integrated services
offering plays a transformative role, as is the case
today for clients like Unilever and Astra Zeneca

e |t will also benefit local clients by providing them with
access to expertise developed around the world in their
industry. What we have put in place in the healthcare
sector illustrates what we want to implement in all
client segments. As the global leader in this sector
with more than 4,000 Health Care clients worldwide,
Sodexo is already capitalizing on experience and
expertise gained in North America and Europe, enabling
clients in India and Southeast Asia to receive service
levels that meet the highest international standards.

Becoming an increasingly interconnected global
company will enable us to go further in efficiency and
standardization, and thus improve the competitiveness
and quality of the services we deliver.

2.3. ARESPONSIBLE COMMITMENT
TO SUSTAINABLE GROWTH

To build our future, we rely on the men and women of
Sodexo, who are the main drivers of our performance.

Our success depends on the motivation and commitment
of our 428,000 employees and, naturally, on their

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Message from Chief Executive Officer, Sodexo

professionalism. We will continue to invest in their training
and the development of their skills: this is a priority for
achieving our ambition

For this reason, we are maintaining our investment
in training at a level of approximately 10% of Group
operating profit.

Finally, we are focused on fostering the diversity of our
teams as we consider this a strategic issue: if we want to
meet the diverse needs of more than 75 million consumers
in 80 countries, the diversity of our employees must be a
natural reflection of the plurality of those we serve.

Our proactive policy in this area is beginning to bear fruit,
especially on the issue of gender balance: today, women
comprise 38% of Sodexo’s Board of Directors and 23% of
our executives (compared with 16% in 2008); in Europe,
eleven of our country directors are women.

Finally, Sodexo remains faithful to its mission, defined
when the Group was created in 1966, to contribute to the
economic, social and environmental development of
the countries in which we operate. | am convinced that
today, alongside public policymakers, global businesses
can play a key role in all regions of the world in leading
by example in how they function

Sustainable growth is the only growth possible in a
world economy that must increasingly consider the well-
being of people in the way it operates. The quality of our
commitments to local communities, particularly our STOP
Hunger program, has once again been recognized through
numerous awards, including the ranking in the prestigious
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices as Global Sustainability
Leader for the ninth year row.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 15


--- Page 13 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Message from Chief Executive Officer, Sodexo

MICHEL LANDEL

message, continued

Sodexo Chief Executive Officer

2.4 AT THE BEGINNING OF THIS NEW
FISCAL YEAR, | AM CONFIDENT
IN SODEXO’S FUTURE

We have a clear strategy that allows us to create value
for our clients and to differentiate ourselves from our
competitors by continuously capitalizing on our expertise
in our three activities

We benefit from a number of strengths.

In a market with considerable potential, our unique range
of Quality of Life services responds to the expectations
of our clients and our consumers; our global network is
unmatched; we are the undisputed leader in emerging
countries; and our teams are engaged and united through
a strong culture

We remain faithful to our mission and, in a global
economic growth model that is destined to evolve, Sodexo
will more than ever play a role in the development of the
communities in which it operates.

Finally, our financial model and our independence allow
us to make long-term investments as we build our future

| want to thank our clients for their loyalty and our
shareholders for their confidence.

Finally, | want to warmly acknowledge all of our employees
whose commitment has led to our good performance
during Fiscal 2013 and who, every day, demonstrate
their commitment to improving the quality of life of the
women and men they serve.

MICHEL LANDEL
Sodexo Chief Executive Officer

(be

16 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 14 ---

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Sodexo Executive Committee

SODEXO'S EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

\

ELISABETH GEORGE CHAVEL PIERRE HENRY
CARPENTIER

|

SIAN HERBERT-JONES NICOLAS JAPY DAMIEN VERDIER

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 7


--- Page 15 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our History

1.2 Our History

Pierre Bellon founds Sodexho, a company
specializing in providing foodservices to institutions,
businesses, schools and hospitals, in Marseilles
(France).

1966

1967

CNES, in French Guiana, awards Sodexho a contract
in the “multiservices” market, signaling its entry into
the remote site management business.

International expansion starts with Belgium, Italy
and Spain, with developments in Africa and the
Middle East.

A new business - Service Vouchers - is launched
in Belgium.

1971-
1978

1983

Initial public offering of Sodexho shares on the Paris
Bourse.

Sodexho establishes operations in North and South
America, Japan, Russia and South Africa, and
reinforces its presence in Continental Europe

1985-
1993

1995

Acquisitions of Gardner Merchant in the United
Kingdom and Partena in Sweden, the then leaders
in foodservices in their respective countries.

The Service Vouchers and Cards business expands
into Brazil with the acquisition of Carddpio.

1996

1997

The holding company changes its name to Sodexho
Alliance.

The merger of the foodservices operations of
Marriott International and Sodexho and the
formation in the U.S. of Sodexho Marriott Services,
48.4% owned by Sodexho, which becomes North
American market and global leader in Food and
facilities management services. Sodexho Marriott
Services will become Sodexho, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Group, in 2001

1998

2000

Following the integration of Universal, Sodexho
becomes the world leader in remote site
management

Sogeres (France) and Wood Dining Services (U.S.)
join the Group.

2001

2003

Succeeding Albert George, Jean-Michel Dhenain and
Michel Landel are appointed Chief Operating Officers.

18 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 16 ---

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our History

The succession plan for Pierre Bellon is put
into place. In September, the Board of Directors
announces that effective September 1, 2005, the
roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer will be separated.

2004

2005

Michel Landel becomes Chief Executive Officer
of Sodexho Alliance, succeeding Pierre Bellon,
who retains his role as Chairman of the Board of
Directors.

Sodexho Alliance becomes Sodexo. Corporate
headquarters is transferred to Issy-les-Moulineaux.

Acquisition of VR’s Service Vouchers and Cards
activity making Sodexho the co-leader of this
market in Brazil, the world’s largest.

Sodexo makes several further acquisitions in
several markets, including Zehnacker, which doubles
Sodexo’s size in Germany, making it the leader in
the Health Care segment.

2008

2009

Acquisition of Radhakrishna Hospitality Services
Group (RKHS), the leading provider of On-site
Services in India, tripling Sodexo’s size in this market
with vast potential

In North America, following the acquisition of Circles,
a concierge services business, the acquisition of
Comfort Keepers, specialized in non-medical services
for seniors, contributes to the development of the
Group's third activity: Personal and Home Services.

Sodexo becomes No. 1 in On-site Services in Brazil,
following the acquisition of Puras do Brasil. The
acquisition of Lendtre, one of the greatest names
in French cuisine, strengthens Sodexo’s savoir faire
in luxury gastronomy in Paris and worldwide

Acquisition of Roth Bros, a U.S.-based company
specialized in technical maintenance services.

2011

2012
and
2013

Sodexo continues to strengthen its multi-technical
services expertise, aq major growth driver, with the
ongoing deployment of an organization of dedicated
specialists, establishment of a global technical
expertise platform and targeted acquisitions: Roth
Bros in the United States, MacLellan in India, and the
facilities management activities of Atkins in the UK.

Source: Sodexo.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 19


--- Page 17 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

1.3 Our Group and Our Quality

of Life Services

> 1.3.1 PROFILE
1.3.1.1 SODEXO IN BRIEF

GROUP KEY FIGURES

Quality of Life in the service of
performance

Quality of Life, recognized today as a factor in individual
well-being and societal progress, is a pre-requisite
for improving the performance of companies and
organizations.

It's why we have developed our expertise in this area for
over 45 years, supported by nearly 428,000 people in
80 countries. Through the diversity of Sodexo’s talent, we

are able to offer a comprehensive array of Quality of Life
Services, based on more than 100 different professions.

Sodexo is the world’s only company offering On-site
Services, Benefits and Rewards Services and Personal
and Home Services, which contribute to the performance
of its clients, the fulfillment of its teams and the
economic, social and environmental development of its
host communities.

20 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 18 ---

I Focus on...

SODEXO AND OECD JOIN FORCES TO INCREASE
UNDERSTANDING AND PROMOTE QUALITY OF LIFE
WORLDWIDE

Underlining the importance of Quality of Life to societal
progress, Sodexo and the Organisation for Economic
Co-operation and Development (OECD) have entered
into an unprecedented partnership to foster information
exchange on the subject between the private sector, NGO's,
academics and the public sector.

The ambitious three-year agreement will enable the
two partners to exchange based on their distinct but
complementary experiences. The OECD has developed
a macro-economic vision on Quality of Life through its
work with governments, business and labor that it has
translated into a unique international indicator, the Better
Life Index. Sodexo's highly granular, micro-economic
perspective has been developed through the daily services
it delivers to 75 million people worldwide

Commenting on the agreement, OECD Secretary
General Angel Gurria said: “This partnership is founded
on our shared interest in well-being and Quality of Life.
Sodexo's support is most valuable in this endeavor.”

Sodexo also participated in OECD's Forum 2013 in
May with CEO Michel Landel speaking during the plenary
session and a number of Sodexo’s senior leaders and
experts contributing to Forum discussions and debates.

(1) Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Awards

SODEXO ONE OF FORTUNE’S MOST ADMIRED
COMPANIES

FORTUNE magazine again included Sodexo on its
prestigious listing of the world’s “Most Admired
Companies” in 2013. In addition, Sodexo was ranked
as the most admired company overall in its industry
category, “Diversified Outsourcing Services’ as well as
being rated number one in innovation, social responsibility,
financial soundness, long-term investment and global
competitiveness.

The rankings are derived from evaluations of
approximately 700 companies in 30 countries conducted
with 4,000 business executives, directors and analysts
based on nine criteria. Sodexo’s strong showing in the
key reputation categories reflects its social model and
the values that unite its 428,000 employees around the
world

SODEXO, SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT LEADER

FOR ITS INDUSTRY

Sodexo's commitment to social, environmental and
economic responsibility earns major recognitions in 2013

e amember of the DJSI World and DJS! STOXX indexes
since 2005, Sodexo was named “global leader for its
industry” by the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices
(DISI) for the ninth consecutive year;

e@ atthe 2013 World Economic Forum in Davos, Sodexo
received three prestigious awards: “Sector Leader’
“Gold Class” and “Sector Mover’ from RobecoSAM,
an asset management company specializing in
sustainable investment. RobecoSAM’s “Sustainability
Yearbook” is considered the world’s leading publication
for corporate social responsibility

Launched in 1999, the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes are the first global indexes tracking the financial performance of the leading
sustainability-driven companies worldwide. Compiled by Dow Jones Indexes and SAM, these indexes provide asset managers with

sustainability benchmarks.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013. 21


--- Page 19 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

On-site Services

KEY FIGUR

Sodexo deploys its On-site Services in a wide array of
workplace environments and living spaces.

In businesses, hospitals, schools and universities, prisons
and major work sites located in extreme environments,
our teams ensure the well-being of individuals,
optimize work processes and ensure the proper and
safe operation of facilities.

Sodexo-delivered services contribute to progress in eight
client segments:

Corporate;

Remote Sites;
Defense;

Justice Services;
Sports and Leisure;
Health Care;
Seniors;
Education.

LEADER IN ON-SITE SERVICES IN MOST OF ITS MARKETS

Source: Sodexo.

22 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 20 ---

Benefits and Rewards Services

KEY FIGURES

Sodexo designs, manages and delivers nearly 250 Benefits
and Rewards Services adapted to the strategic objectives
of each company and organization.

These solutions help improve the Quality of Life of
individuals by:

e® promoting a satisfying work-life balance;

e@ encouraging them to maintain their health;

e@ making them feel truly valued; and

e@ enhancing their standard of living.

These Quality of Life solutions provide companies with
customized, innovative and effective responses to their
primary human resources and performance challenges.

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Combining economic performance and sustained
improvement in Quality of Life, Sodexo's offer is focused
around on three service categories to help clients:

e recruit and retain talented individuals and increase
their motivation. Emplouee Benefits responds to the
issues of company compensation policies, helping
clients enhance their attractiveness;

e mobilize teams around quantitative or qualitative
objectives. With Sodexo's Incentive and Recognition
programs, companies have access to customized
tools to boost sales, engage their partner networks
and promote good plant safety practices;

e ensure and enhance the distribution and delivery
of Public Benefits. Sodexo-designed solutions are
simple, transparent and effective in facilitating the
work of governments and local authorities, helping
them to optimize budgets and achieve their social
policy, cultural or educational goals.

Transport, foodservices, gifts, training... more than

one million merchants and service providers worldwide

accept Sodexo Pass.

A WORLDWIDE LEADER IN BENEFITS AND REWARDS SERVICES

Source: Sodexo.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 23



--- Page 21 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Personal and Home Services

Sodexo designs and deplous Personal and Home Services
that improve Quality of Life in three main areas:
e childcare:

Sodexo designs, builds and manages childcare centers
for local authorities and companies, providing attentive
care and education and helping parents balance family
and work life;

© concierge services:

Sodexo helps to increase employee loyalty toward

its clients by taking on the private to-do lists of

their customers and employees - from restaurant
reservations and ticketing to in-home services,
vacations and dry cleaning;

e Home Care:

Home Care services support seniors’ independence
and quality of life in offering customized services to
facilitate daily life, such as mobility assistance, help
with errands, preparation of balanced meals and
medication reminders, personal care, and much more.

Through these services, Sodexo contributes to improving
Quality of Life for children, adults and seniors.

1.3.1.2 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND KEY FIGURES

Consolidated revenues

CONSOLIDATED REVENUES

(in millions of euro)

Fiscal 2009 14,681
Fiscal 2010 15,256
Fiscal 2011 16,047
Fiscal 2012 18,236
Fiscal 2013 18,397

Sodexo’s consolidated revenues for Fiscal 2013 totaled
18.4 billion euro, an increase of 0.9%. Organic growth
was 1.1% or 2.9% excluding the impacts of the Rugby

World Cup, the Olympic Games and the 53rd week of

activity in North America.

Organic growth for the On-site Services activity of

2.6% excluding the special events mentioned above
resulted from increased demand for integrated Quality
of Life service offers in all geographic regions and by
Sodexo's leadership in emerging countries, offsetting
lower foodservices volumes, notably in Europe. Organic
growth for Benefits and Rewards Services of 8.3%
reflects continued dynamism in Latin America.

REVENUES BY ACTIVITY AND CLIENT SEGMENT
(FISCAL 2013)

On-site Services 96%
e Corporate 32%
e Remote Sites 10%
e Defense 4%
e Justice Services 2%
e Sports and Leisure 3%
© Health Care 18%
© Seniors 6%
« Education 21%
Benefits and Rewards Services 4%

For On-site Services by client segment, organic growth
(excluding the impacts of the 53rd week of activity in
North America, the Olympic Games and the Rugby World
Cup) was as follows

e +4.1% in Corporate, reflecting solid sales development
in emerging countries as well as the success of
integrated offers in North America and Europe;

e +0.8% in Health Care and Seniors, reflecting modest
business development (new contract wins) in the prior
fiscal year;

e +1.2% in Education, resulting from excellent client
retention in North America but also a slowdown in
Europe.

24 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 22 ---

Organic growth for Benefits and Rewards Services was
+8.3%, similar to Fiscal 2012, reflecting in particular
continued dynamism in Latin America.

FACILITIES MANAGEMENT SERVICES’ SHARE
OF REVENUES

Fiscal 2009 23%
Fiscal 2010 24%
Fiscal 2011 25%
Fiscal 2012 26%
Fiscal 2013 27%

Facilities management services now represent 27%
of consolidated revenues, compared with 18% in Fiscal
2005. Similar to the two prior fiscal years, these services
continue to grow at a higher rate than foodservice, yet
again confirming the relevance of the Group's positioning

REVENUES AND ISSUE VOLUME, BENEFITS
AND REWARDS SERVICES (FISCAL 2013)

Revenues Issue volume
Latin America 57% 51%
Europe and Asia 43% 49%

CONSOLIDATED REVENUES BY REGION (FISCAL 2013)

North America 38%
Continental Europe 34%
Rest of the World 21%
United Kingdom and Ireland 7%

Sodexo benefits from a global network which today covers
80 countries, with leadership in emerging countries with
strong growth potential. Revenues in Latin America, Asia,
Australia, Africa, the Middle East and in Remote Sites
(together, Rest of the World) represented 21% of On-site
Services revenues in Fiscal 2012 compared to only 10%
in Fiscal 2005

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Employees
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES AS OF THE END OF FISCAL

2009 379,749
2010 379,137
2011 391,148
2012 421,391
2013 427,921

EMPLOYEES BY REGION (FISCAL 2013)

North America 31% 132,611 employees
Continental Europe 24% 102,236 employees
Rest of the World 37% 158,002 emplouees
United Kingdom

and Ireland 8% 35,072 employees

EMPLOYEES BY ACTIVITY AND CLIENT SEGMENT
(FISCAL 2013)

On-site Services 97%
¢ Corporate 40%
e Remote Sites 10%
e Defense 3%
e Justice Services 1%
¢ Sports and Leisure 3%
e Health Care 15%
e Seniors 3%
e Education 22%
Benefits and Rewards Services 1%
Personal and Home Services 0.5%
Group headquarters and shared

structures of activities 1.5%
Sites

NUMBER OF SITES AS OF AUGUST 31

2009 33,884
2010 33,543
2011 33,400
2012 34,343
2013 33,279

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 25


--- Page 23 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Sites by client segment as of August 31, 2013 were as
follows

¢ Corporate 51%
e Remote Sites 5%
e Defense 3%
e Justice Services 1%
e Sports and Leisure 2%
¢ Health Care 12%
e Seniors 9%
e Education 17%

Results and Ratios
OPERATING PROFIT*

(in millions of euro)

Fiscal 2009 746
Fiscal 2010 771
Fiscal 2011 853
Fiscal 2012* 958
Fiscal 2013* 953

* Excluding exceptional items resulting from the program
to improve operational efficiency in Fiscal 2013 and the
favorable accounting adjustment related to the pension plan
in the United Kingdom in Fiscal 2012.

At 953 million euro, operating profit increased by 1.7%

excluding currency effects, compared to the prior year,

and decreased slightly, by 0.5%, at current exchange
rates.

Operating profit reflects the following:

e excellent progress of over 13% in the Benefits and
Rewards Services activity and an increase of nearly
7% in On-Site Services - North America;

© adecline in On-site Services - Continental Europe and
Rest of the World -, resulting from lower foodservices
volumes and increasing pressure from clients seeking
cost reductions, as well as inflationary pressures in
emerging countries.

GROUP NET INCOME

(in millions of euro)

Fiscal 2009 393
Fiscal 2010 409
Fiscal 2011 451
Fiscal 2012 525
Fiscal 2013* 530
Fiscal 2013 (reported) 439

* Excluding exceptional items related to the program to improve
operational is efficiency in Fiscal 2013, net of taxes.

The change in reported Group net income was significantly
affected by the following:

e costs of 91 million euro net of tax, related to the
implementation of the program to improve operational
efficiency and reduce costs, for which the return on
investment will not be seen for two or three years to
come;

e The favorable adjustment in Fiscal 2012 related to
retirement plans in the United Kingdom resulting in a
higher comparison base in the prior year.

These two elements overshadowed the true progress
and performance of Sodexo’s teams in Fiscal 2013.
Excluding these two elements, Group net income
increased by around 5% in Fiscal 2013.

DIVIDENDS PAID

(in millions of euro)

Fiscal 2009 197
Fiscal 2010 208
Fiscal 2011 221
Fiscal 2012 240
Fiscal 2013 254*

* Subject to approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting

of January 21, 2014.
Sodexo's Board of Directors will propose a dividend of
1.62 euro per share, an increase of nearly 2% from the
prior year, at the January 21, 2014 Shareholders’ Meeting

26 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 24 ---

In addition, and for the first time this year, shares held in
registered form for more than four years will qualify for
a 10% dividend premium (rounded down to the nearest
cent), provided that they do not represent over 0.5% of
the capital per shareholder.

CASH CONVERSION RATIO OF NET INCOME TO FREE
CASH FLOW*

Fiscal 2009 114%
Fiscal 2010 184%
Fiscal 2011 146%
Fiscal 2012 130%
Fiscal 2013 120%

* Cash flow conversion: free cash flow

Group net income

Over the past eight years Sodexo has achieved an average
cash conversion ratio of its net income to free cash flow
of 140%

NET DEBT AS A PERCENTAGE OF SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY*

(including non-controlling interests)

Fiscal 2009 38%
Fiscal 2010 24%
Fiscal 2011 15%
Fiscal 2012 21%
Fiscal 2013 16%

* Debt net of cash and financial assets related to Benefits
and Rewards Services activity, less bank overdrafts.

During Fiscal 2013, the Group reduced its net debt by
161 million euro.

As of August 31, 2013, Sodexo's ratings from Standard &
Poors were BBB+ for its long-term corporate credit rating

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)*

Fiscal 2009 15%
Fiscal 2010 15%
Fiscal 2011 18%
Fiscal 2012 17%
Fiscal 2013 15%

* Operating income after tax.

Total of tangible and intangible assets plus goodwill plus client
investments plus working capital, as of the end of the year.

1.3.1.3 SODEXO SHARES

EARNINGS PER SHARE (iv EURO)

Fiscal 2009 2.54
Fiscal 2010 2.64
Fiscal 2011 2.95
Fiscal 2012 3.48
Fiscal 2013 2.91

DIVIDEND PER SHARE (i EURO)

Fiscal 2009 1.27
Fiscal 2010 1.35
Fiscal 2011 1.46
Fiscal 2012 1.59
Fiscal 2013 1.62*

* To be proposed at the January 21, 2014 Shareholders’
Meeting.
In addition, and for the first time this year, shares held in
registered form for more than four years will qualify for a
10% dividend premium (rounded down to the nearest cent),
provided that they do not represent over 0.5% of the capital
per shareholder.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 et


--- Page 25 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

1.3.2 OUR QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES

SODEXO IS THE WORLD'S LEADING QUALITY OF LIFE SERVICES COMPANY

Sodexo’s mission, since its founding in 1966, has been
improving the Quality of Life of its own employees, its
clients’ employees, as well as students, patients, seniors,
workers at remote on- and off-shore work sites, soldiers
in garrisons or on peacekeeping missions and prisoners.

To fulfill its mission, Sodexo has chosen three activities:
e On-site Services;

e Benefits and Rewards Services;

e Personal and Home Services.

SYNERGIES BETWEEN OUR THREE ACTIVITIES

Important synergies exist between Sodexo's three
activities

Business synergies

Commercial relationships created by one of the three
activities generate business development opportunities
for the other two, such as:

e On-site Services clients may also need restaurant
vouchers for employees who are geographically
dispersed; conversely, Benefits and Rewards Services
clients may seek On-site Services;

e Benefits and Rewards Services and On-site Services
clients may need Personal and Home Services such
as concierge services, a childcare center or assistance
for elderly individuals

Brand visibility synergies

The Benefits and Rewards Services activity includes a large
number of affiliates. The presence of the Sodexo brand at
their points of sale contributes to building global brand
awareness in countries where the Group operates, helping
promote medium term development.

Organizational and cost synergies

The teams of Sodexo’s different activities are able to share
the same infrastructure (support functions, facilities, etc.),
saving on overheads. In addition, the multiple career
gateways that exist between the Group's three activities
offer significant opportunities for employees

These examples illustrate how the choice of these three
activities helps Sodexo accelerate its organic growth.

EIGHT LONG-TERM TRENDS CONTRIBUTE TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF SODEXO’S THREE ACTIVITIES:

e demographic change (population growth, life
expectancy);

e a global economy in which capital, information,
talents and trade are continuously interconnected;

e rapid urbanization and the development of megacities;
e the transfer of economic power to new countries
with the development of emerging markets (including

the BRIC countries, Mexico and Turkey) and a rising
middle class;

e increased public deficits that create additional
pressures to find savings through outsourcing;

e environmental issues including natural resource
depletion leading to high inflation in the cost of raw
materials and the search for new renewable resources;

e the growing influence of consumers seeking well-
being, quality of life, improved health and personalized
service;

e development of newinformation and communication
technologies.

28 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 26 ---

I Focus on...

DELIVERING GLOBAL SUPPORT THROUGH
EXPANDED PARTNERSHIP: SODEXO BECOMES
NOKIA'S SOLE ON-SITE SERVICES PROVIDER

Nokia has chosen Sodexo as its single global supplier to
provide an integrated range of facilities management
services across Nokia's worldwide office portfolio. The
agreement, spanning 55 countries and 140 sites, will
ultimately integrate all 290 locations in 66 countries of
the world leader in mobile communications and online
mapping solutions

The contract includes a complete offer of innovative
services — ranging from technical maintenance and energy
management to foodservices, concierge and wellness
services — that improve Quality of Life for Nokia employees
while enabling Nokia to focus on its core business.

1.3.2.1 OUR ON-SITE SERVICES

KEY FIGURES

96% of Group revenues

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

As the sole global supplier, Sodexo helped simplify
current processes, increase visibility and measurement
of performance at Nokia sites worldwide and ensured the
needed flexibility to respond to Nokia's evolving needs.

In addition to its facilities management expertise, Sodexo
also provides Benefits and Rewards Services to Nokia
teams in 15 countries. Nokia says that Sodexo’s combined
Quality of Life Services offer contributes to employee
well-being and engagement, helping to make Nokia an
employer of choice in its industry

“Through its Quality of Life Services, Sodexo is helping us
implement our strategy of enabling our employees to excel
by providing workplaces and services that allow them to
achieve maximum success,” said Nokia Security & WR Head
of Strategic Partnerships, Riku Pentikainen.

41 3,000 employees*

1 7.6 billion euro in consolidated revenues

Source: Sodexo.

* Including Personal and Home Services.

From construction management to reception, from
medical equipment sterilization to housekeeping,
from technical maintenance to leisure cruises, from
foodservices to prisoner rehabilitation... Sodexo delivers
a wide array of services to improve Quality of Life and
improve organizational performance across eight client
segments

e Corporate;

e Remote Sites;
e Defense;

e Justice Services;

Sports and Leisure;
Health Care;
e Seniors;

e Education.

Whether improving workplace productivity, reinforcing
a hospital's reputation, promoting student fulfillment,
furthering prisoner rehabilitation or ensuring safety
and comfort on a remote site... Sodexo contributes
through its mission: Improve the Quality of Life.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 29


--- Page 27 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

If Focus on...

REINFORCING SODEXO’S TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
A major growth driver, reinforced through:

e a dedicated organization of specialists

Demand for facilities management services continues
to grow two to three times the rate of foodservices
With technical maintenance activities delivered by
18,000 emplouees in 57 countries, Sodexo also has
become a leader in technical facilities management
services

To respond to consumer expectations, meet client
needs and increase its competitiveness in a rapidly
changing marketplace, Sodexo continues to recruit
technical specialists and share best practices through
its centralized Worldwide Technical Expertise Platform
(WTEP). At the heart of this platform, the Asset
Management Framework contains all core processes,
tools and technical maintenance standards needed
to develop and deploy overall management systems
for infrastructure and equipment. The new facilities
management framework will serve as the benchmark

(1) Iso

for all future contracts. Sodexo also is seeking to
become the world’s first facilities management services
supplier to offer ISO 55000 service levels on a global
scale.

To support its continuous improvement process,
Sodexo has developed and deployed tools including:

e anew single health and safety management
system,

e Maximo, a worldwide computerized maintenance
management system to ensure delivery of
consistent levels of service to clients across the
world;

targeted acquisitions

Following recent acquisitions of technical services
specialist Roth Bros in the U.S. and Atkins’ facilities
management subsidiary in the UK, Sodexo further
reinforced its expertise with the acquisition of
MacLellan in India, a leader in technical facilities
management, with a nationwide presence and expertise
in HVAC services, energy management, maintenance
and building management services.

ISO (International Organization for Standardization) is the world’s largest developer of voluntary International Standards. International
Standards give state of the art specifications for products, services and good practice, helping to make industry more efficient and
effective. These standards include ISO 9001 (quality management), ISO 14001 (environmental management), ISO 22000 (food safety

management) and ISO 55000 (asset management).

30 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 28 ---

CORPORATE

KEY FIGURES

5,867 million euro in revenues

32% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE FOR BETTER PERFORMING
ORGANIZATIONS

Faced with the unprecedented pace of competition,
innovation and globalization, corporations are seeking
solid partners to improve their employees’ quality of life
and productivity

In essential areas such as employee motivation, process
efficiency and equipment reliability, Sodexo provides
innovative and integrated services to clients, meeting
industryu-specific challenges in offices, R&D laboratories,
manufacturing sites and industrial zones. Through its
strong presence in emerging countries, Sodexo supports
its international clients while providing services to an
increasing number of local companies.

Market trends and growth potential

MARKET TRENDS

Beyond the long-term trends that promote the
development of all Sodexo activities, several other
specific factors affect the Corporate segment.

In a rapidly changing socio-economic context and a
market still beset by uncertainty, clients are seeking
efficiency, simplification, flexibility, cost reduction
and risk mitigation to reinforce their ability to compete

@ new approaches such as working at home or remotely,
made possible by new technologies, are leading
to alternative workplace strategies for promoting
productivity, flexibility and work-life balance;

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

1 72,61 7 employees
1 7,1 54 sites

e@ economic momentum in developing markets such as
China, India, Brazil, Turkey and Mexico is accelerating
competition for talent, driving higher demand for
integrated services that contribute to the engagement
and well-being of client employees;

e clients and governments are seeking socially-
responsible outsourcing partners with demonstrated
efficiency based on best practices, expertise in
integrating business services and a capacity for
ongoing innovation;

e international companies are seeking a single global
partner able to meet their needs and capable of
adapting to local contexts and cultures;

e the increasingly sophisticated expectations of clients
and their global procurement strategies demand
tailored solutions adapted to the client's specific
organization, site portfolio and scale.

Source: Sodexo.

GROWTH POTENTIAL

More than 250 bition euro
in estimated total market value,

with an outsourcing rate around 55% (among the
highest rates: the United Kingdom and Italy, above
70%; among the lowest rates: China, around 35%).

Sodexo estimate.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 31


--- Page 29 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Supporting our client, the International
Monetary Fund in Washington

BROAD ARRAY OF SERVICES TO MEET A WORLD

OF NEEDS

To support its mission of fostering global monetary
cooperation and sustainable economic growth, the
International Monetary Fund expanded its relationship
with Sodexo through a seven-year contract for a broad
array of Quality of Life Services. The challenge: create
an environment responsive to the needs of a diverse,
multi-cultural population.

Our client’s needs

With representation of 188 member countries from
around the globe, IMF's headquarters in Washington,
D.C., plays host to a diverse population of country
delegations, visitors and staff. The IMF needed a partner
organization capable of responding to the highly varied
cultures of its 4,000-member community and managing
nearly three million square feet of high-end headquarters
office space in two buildings. To manage the increasing
expectations for quality of life services, the IMF placed its
confidence in the experience of Sodexo, which had already
demonstrated its shared commitment of its client's values
of diversity, innovation and sustainability through two
years as foodservices provider.

Sodexo’s response

To respond to the diverse needs of IMF employees and
country delegations and reinforce the organization's
efficiency, Sodexo proposed a comprehensive offer of
integrated and sustainable Quality of Life Services.

Sodexo teams implemented its integrated facilities
management offer, an array of online and On-site Services
designed to improve workplace quality of life.

Sodexo also implemented technical services for the
IMF's two headquarters buildings, including technical
systems, building appearance care, tenant services, move
management, construction, energy management and call
center services. Sodexo also plays an integral role in the
implementation of IMF's environmental initiatives

In offering today a range of services adapted to multiple
cultures, IMF's headquarters reflects even more the
organization's global character.

I Focus on...

FRANCE - BREATHING LIFE

INTO A “VERTICAL CAMPUS”

An innovative architectural renovation melds
ecological responsibility with Quality of Life to deliver
a stimulating work environment and helps lead the
revival of a Paris business district.

To respond to the needs of future occupants of the
80,000-m? EQHO tower, property management company
Icade turned to Sodexo for its expertise in foodservices,
maintenance and energy management. The mission
create a welcoming, friendly and environmentally
sustainable “vertical campus’ combining well-being,
comfort and efficiency

Sodexo responded with an integrated Quality of Life
Services offer focused on people to create a vibrant
ecosystem for the tower. Creativity, friendliness,
engagement and dynamism are the characteristics of
the array of integrated and scalable services emphasized
by Sodexo, which participated in the 40-story building's
design prior to its public opening. The objective? Optimize
the use of common areas, maximize the effectiveness
of facilities and services and ensure the performance
and energy efficiency of equipment. Sodexo teams also
integrated environmental HQE" and BREEAM certifications
into their management system

For the 5,600 people who will eventually be part of this
community, the offer provides a friendly environment for
exchange and sharing similar in spirit to that found on
“horizontal” campuses managed by Sodexo. Numerous
brightly iuminated, welcoming foodservices spaces,
including self-service cafeterias, quick snack facilities
and a top-floor restaurant promote networking and
informal meetings, encouraging teamwork. Consumers
in the dining areas will be treated to a diversity of
imaginative dishes prepared by chefs using local, organic

(1) HQE (Haute Qualité Environnementale or High Quality Environmental standard)
A French green building standard, based on the principles of sustainable development to limit short and long term environmental impacts
from building construction and rehabilitation, while ensuring comfortable and healthy conditions for occupants.

32 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 30 ---

and sustainably sourced ingredients. A business center
responds to efficiency requirements and encourages
networking with its 350-seat auditorium and high
tech collaborative tools. A fitness and relaxation center,
concierge services, a luggage room... a wide range of dla
carte services enabling “free spirit” working in comfortable
workspaces and with a better work-life balance.

Highlights
INTERNATIONAL

“Quality of life per square foot”

Sodexo continued to work closely on facilities management
issues with CoreNet Global, an association for corporate
real estate and workplace professionals, service providers
and economic developers, with over 7,000 members
A Sodexo-developed position that companies should
measure “quality of life per square foot" was adopted
as part of a new position statement by CoreNet Global
advocating the quality of working environments and work
experiences as a socially responsible corporate practice.

Sodexo employee honored as chef of the year
Darren Thompson, one of Sodexo's executive chefs who
serves major international clients in the UK and the U.S.,
won the prestigious Contract Catering Chef award from
the British Craft Guild of Chefs at the Group’s annual
event dedicated to the recognition of chefs from around
the world who demonstrate excellence at the highest level
from across all foodservices sectors. Now in its 20th year,
the Guild’s awards have become the chefs’ “Oscars?
recognizing the leading talent working in kitchens across
the industry.

Meeting pharmaceutical industry standards

To further reinforce its global Quality Management
System (QMS)'” within the organization, Sodexo is
implementing an IT solution for Quality Management,
validated to operate in highly regulated environments

(1) Quality Management System (QMS)

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

QMS ensures that Company services meet the most
rigorous regulatory standards of the pharmaceutical
industry, contributing to client quality and safety goals
and enabling clients to focus on their core business
Centered on core regulated services such as Good
Manufacturing Practice (GMP) cleaning, distribution/
logistics, laboratory services and technical facilities
management, Sodexo’s global pharmaceutical QMS has
been certified as meeting ISO 9001 for a second year.

BRAZIL - GOLD MEDAL SUPPLIER

For the second consecutive year, Sodexo received “Gold
Supplier” recognition from Boticdrio Group as part of its
Evaluation and Supplier Development Program. Founded
in 1977, O Boticario is one of the most recognized brands
in Brazil's cosmetics market and has been a Sodexo client
for 14 years.

CHINA - CUSTOMIZED PHARMACEUTICAL
LABORATORY SERVICES

Sodexo is expanding the laboratory services it provides
to major pharmaceutical clients, delivering comprehensive
support for research and development laboratories and
testing facilities. Alongside general laboratory services,
including lab cleaning, waste management and equipment
operation, the broadened service scope extends further
into areas such as media preparation, laboratory
logistics and storage management, and lab instrument
management and maintenance activities

FRANCE - BUILDINGS GOOD FOR OCCUPANTS,
CLIENTS... AND THE PLANET

Sodexo continued to strengthen the support it provides
clients by obtaining BREEAM In-Use certification, the
world’s leading building environmental performance
indicator. The qualification underlines Sodexo’s capabilities
to ensure quality, comfortable and efficiently operated
buildings that also increase the perceived value of the
property asset on real estate sale and rental markets

A set of guidelines to support implementation of required policy and quality objectives to control and improve various organizational
processes to achieve continuous improvement in results and performance.

(2) Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP)

Established by countries or bodies such as the European Commission in the development of quality procedures, GMP applies to the

manufacture of medicinal products for human or veterinary use.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013. 33


--- Page 31 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

The new offer adds to Sodexo’s existing expertise in HQE
buildings, which helps reinforce sustainable operating
practices and energy efficiency while improving health and
quality of life for occupants. Of 145 HQE-certified buildings
in France, Sodexo has helped with the certification for 28
of them"

ITALY - STRENGTHENING TECHNICAL SERVICES
EXPERTISE

In 2012, Sodexo strengthened its facilities management
offer in Italy. Key areas of expertise include heating and
air-conditioning maintenance, fire prevention, gas leak
detection, hydraulic and industrial electrical systems,
diagnostic equipment installation, energy management
and renewable energy.

PERU - OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY COMMITMENT
AGAIN RECOGNIZED

For the third consecutive year, Sodexo was recognized
for its commitment to occupational health and safety
by Pacifico Seguros, which highlighted Sodexo's efforts
to establish a culture of workplace safety and positively
affect worker well-being and engagement.

UNITED KINGDOM - EXCELLENCE IN SAFETY
STANDARDS FOR INTEGRATED SERVICES

Sodexo’s integrated facilities management services
received a gold-level safety award from the Royal Society
for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA)® in recognition
of the Company's on-going commitment improving
health and safety standards across its contracts with all
clients. Based on 10 key performance questions, from
management leadership to employee preparation and
training, the award expands on the existing award for
technical services that Sodexo has held since 2011 to also
encompass cleaning, foodservices, horticultural services
and food safety

UNITED STATES - U.S. POSTAL SERVICE RECOGNIZES
SODEXO WITH SUPPLIER INNOVATION AWARD

Just one year after winning the contract to serve as
the national roof asset management supplier the U.S
Postal Service, Sodexo’s Roth Bros received a Supplier
Innovation Award from its client at a ceremony in
Washington, D.C. Roth Bros, was singled out as one of
only 10 companies among more than 20,000 suppliers to
the Postal Service, which called them “several of the U.S.
nation’s most outstanding companies who happen to be
superior suppliers and partners.” Under the contract, Roth
Bros provides maintenance services for the U.S. Postal
Service's 6,150 locations, covering 200 million square
feet of facilities.

INTERNATIONAL - CERTIFICATIONS EARNED

India

ISO 2000 certifications for food safety were received for
the Volkswagen, MIOT, IBM Manyata and ASB Kohinoor
Park client sites. In addition, the Bureau of Energy
Efficiency (BEE) certified Sodexo as an energy services
company (ESCO® Grade 2) for energy efficiency projects

Peru

ISO 14001 environmental and OHSAS 18001
occupational risk prevention certifications were received
for the Procter & Gamble contract.

(1) Source: Certivéa end-April 2013 (Certivéa is a subsidiary of the Scientific and Technical Center for Building (CSTB) which helps construction

companies improve performance through a certification process.

(2) Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA)

RoSPA is a registered charity that promotes safety and prevents accidents through safety education to save lives and reduce injuries at

work, on the road, in the home and during leisure activities.
(3) ESCO

An energy services company is a commercial or non-profit business providing a broad range of comprehensive energy solutions including
design and implementation of energy savings projects, retrofitting, energy conservation, energy infrastructure outsourcing, power

generation, energy supply and risk management.
(4) OHSAS 718001

A Uk-developed standard (Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series) used as a model for occupational health and safety
management systems. Its objective is to provide companies with assessment and certification of their health and safety management
systems, consistent with international management system standards.

34 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 32 ---

Key contract wins
INTERNATIONAL - REINFORCED RELATIONSHIPS

AstraZeneca enlarges its international contract
with Sodexo

In the UK, AstraZeneca entrusted Sodexo with a full
range of multi-technical services, including building
maintenance and engineering at its sites in London,
Luton and County Cheshire sites. Sodexo is also the sole
provider of foodservices and cleaning services at all of the
global biopharmaceutical company’s UK sites. Sodexo
also provides support services at three sites in Sweden.
Finally, in China, Sodexo is providing a full range of Quality
of Life Services, including engineering, foodservices and
well-being services. The developments further reinforce
Sodexo’s relationship with AstraZeneca, to which it also
delivers services in Belgium, Denmark, the U.S., Finland,
France, Norway and Switzerland.

Unilever reaffirms its confidence in Sodexo’s
Quality of Life Services

Having entrusted a wide range of integrated services to
the Group last year at 70 sites in 15 European countries,
global consumer products leader Unilever again chose
Sodexo to improve the quality of life of its employees in
North America. Under this new contract, Sodexo teams
will provide engineering, building management, facilities,
security, energy and waste management services as well
as administrative and reception services, foodservices
and other services to improve employee well-being at
30 Unilever sites in the U.S. and Canada.

BELGIUM - FRANCE: SECURITY BLANKET

Euroclear provides domestic and cross-border settlement
and related services for bond, equity, derivatives and fund
transactions, serving over 2,000 financial institutions in
more than 90 countries and millions of retail investors
Euroclear has relied on the expertise of Sodexo’s technical
maintenance teams for almost 15 years to ensure its
Paris region data centers operate without interruption
around the clock. Euroclear has reaffirmed its confidence in
Sodexo in renewing its operating contract for the fifth time
and extending its responsibilities to the multi-technical
management of new data centers in Belgium

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

BRAZIL - SODEXO’S TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
SUPPORTS NEW AUTO PLANT

Sodexo was awarded a three-year contract to provide
foodservices for 5,000 consumers at automotive
manufacturer Myoung Shin’s new plant located in the
state of Sao Paulo. The Sodexo team worked closely with
the client during the construction of the new plant and
provided counsel on technical aspects of the restaurant
facilities

CANADA

Siemens chooses Sodexo as its facilities
management services provider

Siemens chose Sodexo as the single provider of integrated
facilities management (IFM) services for its 44 Canadian
sites. Under the three-year contract, Sodexo will be
responsible for HVAC, plumbing, electrical, mechanical,
janitorial, Help Desk, mailroom, landscape and snow
removal, housekeeping, pest control as well as building
operations and maintenance. The 30-member Sodexo
team also provides “tech-in-truck” technical services with
mobile technicians servicing multiple nearby Siemens
sites. Siemens also has awarded Sodexo with a contract
to provide foodservices at its new 800-person Oakville,
Ontario, headquarters

Integrated technical services for Pfizer

As part of a strategic decision to implement a completely
outsourced solution for facilities management services,
U.S. pharmaceutical company Pfizer awarded Sodexo a
contract to deliver multi-technical services for two sites
including their Canadian headquarters location in Kirkland,
Quebec, and a Consumer Healthcare site in Mississauga,
Ontario. The contract includes building equipment
operations and systems maintenance, asset and project
management, moves, adds & changes (mac’s), janitorial
services, waste management, pest control, landscaping
and snow removal, reception, mailroom and shipping
services, audio-visual services and foodservices.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 35


--- Page 33 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

CHILE - NATIONWIDE FACILITIES MANAGEMENT
SERVICES

Fonasa (Fondo Nacional de Salud), Chile's public health
insurance entity that provides coverage for 75% of
the population, chose Sodexo to maintain 117 offices
throughout the country. Services include cleaning,
central help desk and HVAC, electrical, building and
plumbing maintenance

CHINA

Engineering services growth

Multiple large international accounts chose Sodexo's
technical services for their China sites. Sodexo also
launched an energy reporting tool on 10 client sites that
identified significant energy savings opportunities. The
tool, which is being expanded to all engineering services
sites in China, enables clients to reduce their energy costs.

VIP foodservices offers

Sodexo’s foodservices offer attracted Commercial
Aircraft Corporation of China and Beijing Automotive.
Sodexo will provide breakfasts, lunches and dinners for
300 employees at its test center and 1,000 consumers at
one of the automaker's sites as well as providing executive
dining services at both companies

In Hong Kong, Sodexo began providing foodservices at
Hong Kong International Airport, for Virgin Atlantic
Airways’ business and first-class lounges.

COLOMBIA - SODEXO’S EXPERTISE CONTRIBUTES TO
LOCAL DEVELOPMENT

One of Colombia's first shopping malls, the 26,000-square-
meter Mall Plaza El Castillo in the city of Cartagena
draws 14.5 million customers annually. The owner, Mall
Plaza SA, turned to Sodexo to provide the requisite skill
sets to manage 18 services under a five-year contract.
Sodexo's 45-member on-site team is drawn from the local
community, consistent with a shared commitment with
the client to ensure that the mall benefits those who live
nearby.

FRANCE

UOréal - Luxury makeover for UOréal’s technical
services

Employees working on four campuses near Paris for
three of UOréal’s key product segments, luxury,
cosmetics and hair care, and its sales and marketing
center, are benefiting from a workplace environment that
fully meets their expectations after the world’s largest
cosmetics and beauty company asked Sodexo to take
over facilities management responsibilities. A 10-member
team services and maintains heating, ventilation, air
conditioning, electricity and mechanical elements for four
office buildings, encompassing 80,000 square meters,
under a three-year contract.

Air France - Ground support delivers high-flying
service

For its maiden flight in outsourcing facilities
management services for its buildings, Air France
selected Sodexo to provide technical services, cleaning
and accommodations services for airline staff at the
airline’s Orly airport site for transit, training, IT and
communications near Paris. In addition to its own
employees, Sodexo also manages a 60-person team
responsible for security on the seven-building site as well
as screening of flight staff and their baggage under the
four-year, contract. Sodexo implemented an organization
and technology solutions to streamline management
of site facilities, delivers energy efficiency savings and
provides more harmonized and responsive service to
improve aircrew and facility staff quality of life

POLAND - A QUALITY OF LIFE AIR FOR OXYGEN PARK

Sodexo will be delivering technical maintenance, cleaning,
reception and security services as well as foodservices at
the newly built, high-tech Oxygen Park office complex
in Warsaw. In addition to offering the most advanced
Quality of Life solutions to promote comfort and optimize
productivity of building occupants, Sodexo is also helping
the client obtain ecological BREEAM certification.

36 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 34 ---

RUSSIA - BUILDING NUTRITION

A new company corporate restaurant in the
16,000-square-meter Sadovaya Plaza in central Moscow
is Sodexo’'s fourth venture on behalf of building owner and
client ENKA, joining Naberezhnaya Tower, Paveletskaya
Plaza and Riverside Towers. The foodservices offer
emphasizes healthy well-balanced nutrition for occupants
of the 14-story modern office complex, featuring “Le Chef
by Sodexo; the Vitality offer and the Show Cooking concept
with dishes prepared and cooked in front of consumers.

SPAIN - NUTRITION, SUSTAINABILITY, TECHNOLOGY
HIGHLIGHT NEW BBVA HEADQUARTERS

BBVA awarded Sodexo the contract to provide foodservices
to 6,500 emplouees at the financial services leader's new
headquarters in Madrid. Consumers will benefit from
Sodexo Quality of Life Services that include “Be-healthy’
providing on-site and online advice on nutrition and
eating habits, as well as e-menus that display nutritional
content of dishes on interactive screens, online ordering
and reservations and a smartphone app for payments
Sodexo's state-of-the-art design proposal puts a focus
on sustainability with a cutting-edge technology waste
management system and a LED lighting system

SWEDEN - VOLVO GIVES SODEXO THE WHEEL FOR
MULTI-TECHNICAL SERVICES

Sodexo delivers a range of facilities management
services at several Volvo sites, including technical service
and installations, building and outdoor maintenance and
cleaning at a 78,000-square-meter factory in Brads and
12 VolvoTruck Center locations in Stockholm, Malm6 and
Gothenburg

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

UNITED KINGDOM - NEW INTEGRATED SERVICES
CONTRACT FOR BAE SYSTEMS

A new contract for BAE Systems covers a range of
integrated, hard and soft facilities management
services on 26 sites including centralized help desk,
supply chain management, mechanical and electrical,
asset management and strategy, cleaning, reception,
switchboard, vending and gum management.

UNITED STATES

Expansion of FM services
Facilities management services grew significantly during
the year. Among the clients who enlarged the range of
services entrusted to Sodexo:

e Nokia - expansion of portfolio and provision of a
broad range of services including janitorial, building
management, reception, lease administration,
mailroom, shipping and receiving and foodservices;

e Invensys — janitorial, building management, reception,
Jease administration, landscaping, mailroom, shipping
and receiving, waste water treatment and security

Aviation sector growth

A number of airlines entrusted Sodexo with helping to
ensure passenger comfort and well-being on the ground
including

e Delta Airlines: two additional new club openings and
the Los Angeles Delta Sky Club;

e Westfield Concessions - Los Angeles Airport Food
Court: janitorial services.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 37


--- Page 35 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Among our clients...

Aéroports de Paris, Orly and Roissy Charles de Gaulle

airports, Ile-de-France (France)

Agrosuper, 4 sites, Chile
AgustaWestland, 3 sites (United Kingdom)
Air France, Orly Airport (France)

Alpina 6 sites, Colombia

ArcelorMittal, Belgium

AstraZeneca, 10 countries: Belgium, China, Denmark,
Finland, France, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, United
Kingdom, United States

Autoliv, 4 sites, Romania

AXA, 6 countries: Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg,
Spain, United States

BAE Systems, 26 sites (United Kingdom)
Banco de Santander, Madrid, Spain
Baosteel Group, 4 sites, China

BBVA Banco Continental (Continental Bank), 268 sites,
Peru

China Energy Conservation and Environmental
Protection Group, China

Coca-Cola Enterprises, 6 countries: Belgium, France,
Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, United Kingdom

Compafiia Manufacturera de Papeles y Cartones(CMPC),
12 sites, Chile

Danfoss, 6 sites, Denmark
Dow Chemical, (Michigan) United States

Eli Lilly, 7 countries: China, France, Germany, Ireland,
Italy, Spain, United Kingdom

Endesa, Madrid, Spain
ENKA, 4 business centers, Moscow, Russia

Ericsson, 6 countries: China, Mexico, Netherlands,
Russia, Turkey, United States

Exxon Mobil, 9 countries: Australia, Canada, China,
Finland, Italy, Norway, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United States

FAW, 22 sites, China
Foreign Office, Israel

GSK, 17 countries: Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil,
Canada, Chile, China, Costa Rica, France, Ireland, Italy,
Mexico, Poland, Spain, Turkey, United Kingdom, United
States

Icade, The EQHO tower, La Défense (France)

International Monetary Fund (IMF), Washington DC
(United States)

Kamaz, Naberezhnyie Chelnu, Republic of Tatarstan
(Russia)

UOréal, Paris and !le-de-France (France)
La Poste Belge, 35 sites, Belgium
Ma’adeen Aluminum Company, Saudi Arabia

Merck MSD, 31 countries: Algeria, Austria, Belgium,
Brazil, Chile, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland,
France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Lebanon,
Morocco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Romania,
Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States

Molinos Rio de la Plata, 5 sites, Argentina
National Instruments, Malaysia
Natura, 2 sites, State of Sdo Paulo, Brazil

Nokia, 55 countries, including: Argentina, Australia,
Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Finland, Germany,
India, Indonesia, Italy, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Singapore,
South Africa, Spain, United Arab Emirates, United
Kingdom, United States...

PricewaterhouseCoopers, Australia (6 sites), Germany

Procter & Gamble, 28 countries: Argentina, Belgium,
Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic,
France, Germany, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy,
Japan, Mexico, Morocco, Peru, Poland, Romania, Russia,
Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey, United Kingdom,
United States, Vietnam

Qatar Airlines, Qatar
RAI (public Italian television), 17 sites, Italy

Royal Dutch Shell, 5 countries: Denmark, North Sea,
Norway, Russia, United States

Sanofi, 8 countries: Brazil, Canada, France, Germany,
India, Italy, Spain, United States

Shanghai Automotive Industrial Corporation (SAIC),
11 sites, China

Société Générale, 6 countries: Czech Republic, France,
Luxembourg, Morocco, Poland, United States

Standard Charterd Bank, Singapore
Tata Group, 46 sites, India
Toyota, 1 site, Turkey

Unilever, 21 countries: Austria, Belgium, Canada, China,
Costa Rica, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, India,
Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Spain,
Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, United States

38 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 36 ---

REMOTE SITES

KEY FIGURES

1 92 3 million euro in revenues

10% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE AND EFFICIENCY AT THE ENDS

OF THE EARTH

Sodexo contributes to the performance of remote sites
clients around the world, both on and offshore. Our
teams’ international expertise and our proven technical
processes put us in a unique position to deliver innovative,
valued services that contribute to the well-being of the
women and men who live and work in these challenging,
often isolated environments

From site conception to dismantling, Sodexo's
integrated offer:

e includes added-value technical and cost-saving
services;

e meets rigorous Quality, Health, Safety and
Environmental” standards;

e creates a safe and comfortable workplace for all;

e reflects Sodexo’s commitment to sustaining the
economic development, social needs and environmental
resources of host communities

Market trends and growth potential
MARKET TRENDS

In the oil and gas market, sustained crude oil prices are
driving growth, predominantly in offshore activity and
specifically deep and ultra-deep production. Onshore

(1) Quality, Hygiene, Safety, Environmental standards (QHSE)

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

41 ,c160 employees
1 ,639 sites

development continues with shale oil and gas projects,
notably in the U.S. Lower natural gas prices are driving
operators to seek cost savings, including from their
suppliers.

The mining industry has been impacted by both slower
growth in some emerging markets and the Eurozone crisis.
Mining companies are becoming more selective, seeking
higher investment returns and significant reductions in
their costs. Challenges facing clients include reaching
remote locations lacking infrastructure, attracting
and retaining employees as well as ensuring project
responsiveness to local sustainability and development
needs

In the engineering and construction sector, while work
remains suspended or has slowed on some mega-projects
launched before the recession, new growth opportunities
are driven in part by demand from financially constrained
governments that increasingly rely on private sector
participation to address infrastructure needs

Source: Sodexo.

GROWTH POTENTIAL

1 0 billion euro total estimated sales
for On-site Services

Sodexo estimate.

These four components of a responsible corporate management approach are based on the belief that most, if not all, accidents involve
human error and are therefore preventable with better training and management practices.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 39


--- Page 37 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Supporting our clients on Qatar
Petroleum’s Ras Laffan site

KEEPING ENERGY PRODUCTION COMPLEX RUNNING
SMOOTHLY

Through its expertise and responsiveness, Sodexo
serves oil and gas clients operating in Ras Laffan
Industrial City (RLIC), the vast oil and gas production
center of national company Qatar Petroleum.

Our clients’ needs

Qatar Petroleum relies on Sodexo to help oil and gas
companies operating on RLIC achieve short mobilization
timelines, respect industry-driven Health, Safety and
Environment requirements and meet high quality
standards in a technically demanding environment while
improving comfort and safety for the people working on
the site. The remote, desert location of this vast complex
requires a reliable service partner with recognized expertise
and responsible environmental practices

Sodexo’s response

At RUC, Sodexo’s 600-member team applies its technical
expertise and experience of complex project environments
to ensure smooth operations and improve the quality of life
for the people working there by providing comprehensive
facility management services that include: operations
and infrastructure maintenance for all RLIC buildings and
port facilities, water and wastewater management, HVAC,
plumbing, housekeeping and laundry, logistics, security
and road safety, fire-fighting, camp accommodations and
recreational facilities.

Results

A longstanding partnership with Qatar Petroleum and
extensive experience at its huge production site, an
intimate understanding of the needs of operators, proven
rapid mobilization capacity and the quality of services
delivered under difficult conditions have made Sodexo
the preferred partner of companies working on the Ras
Laffan site.

Sodexo also supports new operators in getting established
at Ras Laffan, facilitating their administrative procedures
by providing temporary lodging and transport and
helping to determine their needs for office space and
accommodations.

“The professionalism and experience of Sodexo-Teyseer
teams ensures the comfort of our teams and the smooth
operation of our facilities. By efficiently managing crucial
support activities such as Ras Laffan Industrial City
infrastructure, maintenance and waste, water treatment
operations as well as fire safety, they enable us to focus
on our core business.”

Balakrishnan Nair Dinesh Kumar
Assistant Manager Maintenance
Qatar Petroleum Industrial Cities

Ef Focus on...

COLOMBIA - RAPID, AGILE SERVICE RAMP-UP

IN FAST-GROWING MARKET

When one of Colombia's major oil producers, Pacific
Rubiales Energy needed a partner capable of helping
jt rapidly grow its Quifa oil project to steeply rising
demand, it turned to Sodexo for its service needs.

On the 12 sites of Pacific Rubiales’ still-growing Quifa
project, which expanded from 1,000 to 6,000 employees
in six months, a 615-member Sodexo team is providing
housekeeping, cleaning, gardening, laundry, pest control
and foodservices. Among Sodexo's challenges: ensure
continuity of service and continuously adapt services
to meet the needs of its consumers and client. Sodexo’s
programs to improve Quality of Life for client employees
include “Equilibrate,” an online wellness platform to
promote balanced diets, regular physical activity and a
healthy lifestyle

In addition to responding to the rapid expansion, Sodexo
was also required to adapt to the condition of the remote
region of central Colombia where the oil field is located,
such as setting up its own satellite phone communications
to manage logistics

Sodexo’s success, its first in Colombia's oil sector,
positions the Company for further expansion in one of
the country’s fastest growing industries.

40 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 38 ---

Highlights...
INTERNATIONAL

“Efficiency@sea” breathes new life into offshore
units

Better quality of life by improving the attractiveness
of their employees’ offshore living environments is
crucial to clients’ ability to recruit, retain and engage a
skilled workforce. To respond to employees’ increasingly
demanding expectations for comfort and privacy on-board
offshore work sites, Sodexo introduced the “efficiency@
sea” solution, which optimizes limited space on-board
while improving amenities by providing soundproof cabins,
comfortable recreational and relaxing facilities, functional
kitchens and pleasant restaurant environments.

Efficiency@sea complies with the latest safety standards
while improving social interaction among crew, providing
smoking and non-smoking TV lounges and quiet/reading
rooms and improving laundry rooms and corridors
Refurbishment includes consulting, design and project
management and is carried out offshore to avoid
interruption to drilling operations

Certifications

Certifications earned by Sodexo in Chile include
ISO 9001 (quality management), 14001 (environmental
management), and 18001 (health/safety management)
at the Antofagasta Minerals “Pelambres Division” site
and NCh2861 - HACCP" for the Yamana Gold Inc. Minera
“El Pefion Project” and BHP Billiton’s Minera Escondida —
“Villa Cerros Alegres Division”.

In the United Arab Emirates, Sodexo earned ISO 14001
environmental certification for its entire foodservices
business, reflecting progress made in reducing the
generation of food and material wastes and lowering
consumption of electricity, water and vehicle fuel.

CHILE - SAFETY CULTURE REFLECTED IN RESULTS

Sodexo was honored by “Mutual de Seguridad” for
five million hours worked with no lost time accidents on
the AngloAmerica “Los Bronces Escondida Villa Hills”

(1) HACCP (Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point)

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

mine site where more than 400 employees work. Sodexo
also was recognized for achieving four million hours with
no lost time accidents at both the BHP Billiton "Villa
Cerros Alegres Minera Escondida” and the Antofagasta
Minerals “Los Pelambres” sites. The recognitions reflect
the progress in creating a culture of prevention throughout
the organization through the systematic improvement of
safe behaviors

NORTH SEA AND INDIA - NEW RECOGNITION BY THE
BRITISH SAFETY COUNCIL

For the 14th consecutive year, the expertise in health
and safety management systems of Sodexo teams
working on North Sea remote sites earned the prestigious
“International British Safety Council Award”. In addition,
Sodexo teams in India also received this award for the
first time after scoring 57 out of a possible 60 points.
The awards reflect the HSE performance at Remote Sites
operations around the world.

QATAR - FACILITIES MANAGEMENT SERVICES
IMPROVE SAFETY PERFORMANCE

ExxonMobil recognized the excellent safety record achieved
by Sodexo since starting its facilities management services
contract in Qatar in June 2011: 265,000 hours worked
with no lost time incidents. Among the major challenges
met by the 63-member on-site team: deployment of a
particularly difficult service of exterior window cleaning at
the client's 16-floor headquarters and the implementation
and management of a common safety culture integrating
subcontractor staff. Services provided at the headquarters
and research center include managing the technical
hotline, equipment maintenance, janitorial services,
pest control, landscaping, visitor reception, vehicle fleet
management, mail delivery and management of file/copy
rooms and conference space.

RUSSIA - HSE PERFORMANCE

Salym Petroleum Development NV presented Sodexo
with a diploma for high Health, Safety and Environment
standards, reflecting the strong performance and zero
lost time incidents since the beginning of the contract
in March 2010.

Amanagement system for controlling food safety through the prevention, elimination or reduction to an acceptable level of any biological,
chemical or physical risk. Created in the United States, HACCP has been institutionalized in the European Union and in many countries.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 41


--- Page 39 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Key contract wins

CHILE - IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE AT MINING SITE

At BHP Billiton’s “Cerro Colorado” mine, Sodexo
delivered services include foodservices, accommodations,
maintenance, leisure activities coordination, shops and
management of green spaces. In total, 2,600 consumers
are served each day

NORTH SEA - RENEWED AND EXPANDED
PARTNERSHIP

Talisman Energy renewed its confidence in Sodexo
through a five-year contract to provide a wide array of
services to support workers on offshore platforms in the
North Sea. The contract, which includes an option for an
additional five years, testifies to the strength of Sodexo’s
30-year partnership with Talisman, which began with
a single site and has since expanded to 12. A recent
survey to measure Talisman employee satisfaction on
key performance indicators across all sites showed an
average satisfaction rate of 94.3%

“What stands out is Sodexo’s shared commitment
to creating the best place to work and in supporting a
safety culture at Talisman with flexibility, innovation and
service improvements,” said Talisman Energy's Senior Vice
President, Geoff Holmes.

Sodexo teams deliver foodservices and accommodation
services as well as refurbishment of recreation, mess
and galley areas. In addition, Sodexo provides building
management, space planning, reception services,
maintenance, foodservices and security and hygiene
services at the Flotta terminal, located on an island in
Orkney, Scotland, and at Talisman offices in Aberdeen,
Scotland

OMAN - SERVICES FROM PHYSICIANS TO
SMARTPHONES

Sodexo provides ABB SpA with a wide range of direct and
subcontracted services under a 20-month agreement
including medical services, telecommunications
equipment supply, camp maintenance and refurbishment,
waste management, manpower supply, water treatment,
motor vehicles, stationery, office and commissary
supplies, laundry services, housekeeping, pest control
and foodservices.

RUSSIA - WIDE ARRAY OF SERVICES FOR MINING
CLIENTS

e Mining company Pavlik awarded Sodexo a three-year
contract to provide bundled services to 450 employees
at its Pavlik Gold Field site, including foodservices,
cleaning, administrative services, laundry, logistics and
transport services. The site is located in the Magadan
region, more than 9,000 km from Moscow.

e Sodexo is providing Quality of Life Services to
employees working at the Klen gold-silver deposit in
Siberia owned by Russdragmet, one of Russia's top
five gold companies. Services include foodservices,
cleaning and administrative services, laundry, logistics
and transport services.

THAILAND - LEADERSHIP REINFORCED IN OFFSHORE
MARKET

Sodexo reinforced collaboration with its strategic client
Seadrill by integrating the Seadrill contracts previously
held by Amarit Catering into the Sodexo Amarit Joint
Venture. This has enabled Sodexo to consolidate its
leadership position in the Thai market while strengthening
its offer to this client.

Among our clients...

OIL AND GAS
Arabian Drilling Company, Saudi Arabia

Baker Hughes, Oman
BJP, Saudi Arabia

BP, Argentina, Brazil, Norway, United Kingdom, United
States (Alaska, Gulf of Mexico)

ConocoPhillips, Algeria, United Kingdom, United States
(Alaska, Gulf of Mexico)

DI-MEDCO, United Arab Emirates

ExxonMobil, Australia, Canada, Norway, Qatar, Saudi
Arabia, Singapore, United States (West)

KCA Deutag, Oman

Nabors, Saudi Arabia

Pacific Rubiales, “Quifa Field’ Colombia
PanAmerican Energy, Argentina
Petrobras, Brazil, Peru

Saudi Aramco, Saudi Arabia

Shell, Norway, Russia, United States (Gulf of Mexico)

42 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 40 ---

Sinopec, Saudi Arabia
Sipetrol, Argentina
Talisman, Canada, Norway, United Kingdom

Total, Angola, Congo, Gabon, Korea (Offshore),
Netherlands, United Arab Emirates

Western Geco, Saudi Arabia
ENERGY

GDF-Suez, Netherlands, Saudi Arabia
Hydro Quebec, Canada

Manitoba Hydro, Canada

Suncor, Canada

OFFSHORE AND MARINE

Atwood Oceanics, Cameroon, Netherlands, Singapore,
Thailand, United States (Gulf of Mexico)

Diamond Offshore, Norway, United Kingdom

ENSCO, Angola, Brazil, Denmark, India, Indonesia, Qatar,
United Kingdom

Noble Drilling, Egypt, Gabon, Netherlands, Qatar,
Singapore, United Kingdom, United States (Alaska, Gulf
of Mexico)

Ocean Rig, Brazil, Tanzania
Rowan, United Kingdom, United States (Gulf of Mexico)

Seadrill, Angola, Brazil, China, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia,
Mexico, Norway, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Thailand,
United Kingdom, United States (Gulf of Mexico), Vietnam

Subsea 7, Brazil, Gabon
Technip, Angola, Gabon, India
Teekay, Brazil, Norway, Qatar, Singapore, United Kingdom

Transocean, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mozambique,
Norway, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Thailand

Workfox, Netherlands, Singapore

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

MINES
Anglo American, Chile, Peru

Antofagasta, Chile

Barrick Gold, Australia, Chile, Peru, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania
BHP Billiton, Australia, Brazil, Chile, Gabon, Peru
Freeport McMoran, Democratic Republic of Congo
Glencore Xstrata, Australia, Chile, Peru

KGHM International, Chile

Lumina Copper, Chile

Ma’aden Phosphate Company, Saudi Arabia
Newmont Mining, Australia

Rio Tinto, Australia, India, Guinea Conakry, Madagascar,
Peru, Russia

Vale, Brazil, New Caledonia, Peru

Yamana Gold, Chile

ENGINEERING AND CONSTRUCTION

ABB SpA, Oman

CH2M HILL, United States (Alaska)
Consolidated Contractors Company, Qatar
Descon Engineering, United Arab Emirates
Fluor Daniel, Canada, Qatar, Saudi Arabia
Foster Wheeler, Australia

GS Engineering, Oman

Halliburton, Algeria, Angola, Qatar, United Kingdom,
United States (Gulf of Mexico)

Hyundai Engineering, Oman
JGC Corporation, Qatar
MIDMAC Contracting, Qatar

Punj Lloyd, Indonesia, Oman, Qatar, Thailand, United
Arab Emirates

Samsung Engineering, Kuwait, Qatar, United Arab
Emirates

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 43


--- Page 41 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

DEFENSE

KEY FIGUR

Our offer

SUPPORTING QUALITY OF LIFE AT HOME AND
ABROAD

Sodexo has more than 30 years of experience supporting
armed forces throughout the world. With its expertise and
insight into the special demands of military life, Sodexo
delivers integrated service offers that improve the
quality of life for women and men Serving their countries,
on domestic bases and on missions overseas

With an offer ranging from technical maintenance
services, recreational activities and dining facilities on
bases for service personnel and their families to the
complex logistical services of peacekeeping operations,
Sodexo’s flexibility, thoroughness, reliability and rapid
deployment capabilities make it a valued long-term
strategic partner for defense leadership teams in delivering
quality of life services

Market trends and growth potential
MARKET TRENDS

Professionalizing the armed forces

The trend toward professionalizing armies continues
Military leaders seek comprehensive quality of life services
that contribute to troop retention, improve service quality
on bases and help to control costs. By outsourcing
activities such as base operations maintenance, technical
maintenance, uniform care and dining services, military
leaders are able to focus their resources on their core
mission.

Peacekeeping operations

Armed forces are being downsized due to budget
reductions but governments seek to maintain their
foreign peacekeeping commitments undertaken through
international bodies such as the United Nations, NATO and
the European Union. The stretching of military forces and
increasing complexity of operations demand experienced
partners with the required expertise, a global footprint and
sophisticated logistical resources.

Source: Sodexo.

GROWTH POTENTIAL

I Focus on...

UNITED STATES - BETTER UNDERSTANDING
CONSUMER NEEDS

Sodexo has conducted thousands of consumer
preference surveys for Defense clients to better
understand lifestyle needs and taste preferences. Results
are used to shape the service offer and increase consumer
satisfaction and, thus, improve client performance
Targeted consumer feedback on topics such as design
styles, graphics, promotional concepts, food preferences
and likelihood of purchase is also used to refine its offers
under development and produce winning concepts for
clients and consumers.

44 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 42 ---

Sodexo launched its first Consumer Centric Process
(CCP)™ with the U.S. Air Force in 2013 to optimize its
foodservices offer and service delivery methods for the
military service's varied types of consumers identified
on each site. Using the Sodexo-developed Personix' tool
to understand on-site population needs across client
segments, CCP was adapted to address the specific needs
of Defense clients. The results were very well received and
will drive actions to further customize and improve Sodexo
services provided on Air Force sites.

Highlights

FRANCE - INTERNATIONAL POSTAL SERVICES

FOR TROOPS DEPLOYED ABROAD

Following the contract awarded last year in partnership
with La Poste to provide postal service for French troops
deployed in military bases across Africa, the Middle
East and Central Asia, Sodexo opened a central project
management center in Dubai in September 2012. La
Poste operates an identical center in support of the
mission at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris. The new
center manages project coordination of the various post
offices, staff rotation, reporting and billing

To optimize services for troops, post offices are being
opened this year in Abu Dhabi and Chad with offices to
follow in 2014 in Djibouti, Kabul and other operational
theaters to handle the distribution of mail and packages
and receive outgoing posts for 19,000 deployed French
troops. The partners also provide a fast reaction capability
to establish a new post office within seven days of new
international deployments of French forces.

UNITED KINGDOM - RECOGNITION FOR HEALTHY
EATING INITIATIVES

Sodexo was recognized with the Health & Vitality
Public Sector category award for its commitment to

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

supporting healthy eating habits for British armed forces
personnel through nutritionally balanced and innovative
meals. Sodexo focuses on understanding overall eating
trends and the differing needs of individuals at the sites
it serves, whether a military headquarters or a busy
training establishment. Sodexo already provides calorie
information at 35% of its sites as part of the Food
Standards Agencu’s initiative and is preparing to roll out
calorie labeling at all client sites as part of its commitment
to promoting healthy lifestyles

UNITED STATES

Adherence to the most stringent QHSE
standards

To ensure aggressive quality control monitoring and defect
elimination, Sodexo created an automated reporting
system that monitors more than 60 performance
thresholds, reports results and identifies required
corrective actions. Used on a daily basis, the system
enables systematic quality control and adherence by
Sodexo employees to the most stringent Quality, Health,
Safety and Environmental standards. The Company's
quality control programs are standardized and monitored
continually by third parties and government inspectors
Many contracts are subject-specific and include
quantifiable performance thresholds that directly impact
revenues, as well as published performance assessment
scores that are critical to gaining new government
contracts.

Globe & Anchor Award Marine Scholarship
Foundation

The United States Marine Corps honored Sodexo for
its support of the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation
with the Corps’ Globe & Anchor Award. Past recipients
include Bob Hope, U.S. Senator John Glenn, John Wayne,
and Robert J. Stevens of Lockheed Martin

(1) The Consumer Centric Process analyzes client responses to a detailed questionnaire using a Sodexo-proprietary algorithm that categorizes
the on-site population into six groups. Sodexo determines the nature and style of service delivery according to each group’s characteristics,

needs and preferences.

(2) The Health and Vitality awards were organized by Foodservice Footprint Magazine to showcase best practices in healthy eating.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 45


--- Page 43 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Key contract wins

AUSTRALIA - ASC RETAINS AND EXTENDS OUR
SERVICES

ASC, Australia’s leading shipyard for the design, building
and maintenance of ships and submarines, chose
Sodexo to provide integrated facilities management
services to seven sites. A partner with ASC for the past
15 years as its foodservices provider, Sodexo is now also
responsible for specialist cleaning such as windows and
building exteriors, grounds maintenance including indoor
horticultural services, pest control, waste disposal, and
laundry services. The expanded scope reflects ASC’s
priority on improving the quality of life of its employees
and increasing operational efficiency

FRANCE - NEW CONTRACT AT NAVAL BASE IN BREST

Sodexo won the tender to provide foodservices and
cleaning services for the Brest Defense Base. A key factor
in the successful bid was the positive reviews gained for
services provided by Sodexo to other nearby military
facilities

UNITED STATES - IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE

FOR NAVAL PERSONNEL IN CALIFORNIA, NEVADA

& ARIZONA

For the sixth consecutive year, the U.S. Navy has renewed
Sodexo's contract to provide facilities management
services at bases in three western states. Sodexo teams
have continuously earned favorable ratings for outstanding
contractor performance through their dedication to safely
cleaning and maintaining building infrastructure and base
equipment 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

The wide variety of services include maintaining HVAC
units by Sodexo’s certified technicians and testing fire
suppression systems during physical safety audits
The Company's state-of-the-art safety program has
contributed to a remarkable record, with only a single
reported safety incident at facilities in the three states
over the past six years

An example of Sodexo’s commitment to ensuring
healthy, safe environments with efficient and sustainable
maintenance programs was the deployment of divers
to clean and inspect water supply tanks at the Naval
Air Weapons Station (NAWS) China Lake in Ridgecrest,
California, documented on video to inform the client of
any structural damage and breaches in water safety
(NAWS China Lake provides and maintains land, facilities
and other assets that support the Navy's research and
development of cutting-edge weapons systems.)

Among our clients...

AUSTRALIA

Australian Defence Force, 52 bases - 6 contracts
Australian Submarine Corp, 2 sites, Adelaide

CHILE

Astilleros y Maestranzas dela Armada (ASMAR), naval
base in Talcahuano

Empresa Nacional de Aerondutica de Chile (ENAER),
Santiago

Military Hospital, Santiago and Antofagasta
Naval Hospital, Talcahuano and Vifia del Mar
FRANCE

Future Defense Ministry Headquarters, Paris

Institution Nationale des Invalides (Military hospital),
Paris

Instruction center and Naval Air Station, Brest Defense
Base

GERMANY
Universitat der Bundeswehr, Munich

INDIA
Naval Officers Club, Delhi

POLAND

Military Medical Institute, Warsaw

SINGAPORE

Civil Defence Force Basic Rescue Training Centre and
Academy

SOUTH KOREA

DLA Troop Support, Osan

SWEDEN

The Ronneby Air Force Garrison

UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
1U.S. base
1 French Foreign Legion base, Abu Dhabi

UNITED KINGDOM

Army main garrisons of Aldershot, Brecon, Bulford,
Catterick, Colchester, London, Tidworth, Warminster, York

46 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 44 ---

Joint garrisons in Cyprus and the Falkland Islands
Naval Air Stations: Culdrose and Yeovilton

Naval shore establishments: Fleet Headquarters
Portsmouth, HMS Nelson, HMS Sultan, HMS Collingwood

Royal Marines Commando Training Centre

UNITED STATES
U.S. Air Force, 5 dining halls, 9 clubs, 11 retail operations

U.S. Army, 9 hospital sites, 1 retail operation
U.S. Department of Defense retail operations, 5 sites

U.S. Marine Corps, 48 mess halls

JUSTICE SERVICES

KEY FIGURES

371 million euro in revenues

2% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE AT THE SERVICE OF PRISONER
REHABILITATION

Sodexo operates prisons only in democratic countries
that do not have the death penalty, where the ultimate
goal of incarceration is prisoner rehabilitation and where
its staff is not required to carry arms. Sodexo adapts its
offer to national laws and cultures.

To help its 4,500 employees better understand the
sensitive nature of interacting with people who have had
their freedom removed, Sodexo has developed a Human
Rights e-learning program. Using real life examples,
the curriculum focuses on issues such as prisoner rights
and the daily interactions between staff and prisoners,
providing models for constructive behavior.

Consistent with its commitment, Sodexo has developed
a strong expertise in prisoner rehabilitation and has
made education, training and help with basic activities
necessary to successfully re-enter society, such as
opening a bank account or finding housing or a job, an
intrinsic part of its offer.

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

U.S. Navy, 7 Starbucks stores, 5 facilities management
contracts

IN THEATER MILITARY FORCES
Postal service for French troops deployed abroad

UNIFIL, Lebanon
U.S. Air Force 1 site, Kuwait

U.S. Defense Logistics Agency (MRO contract), South
Korea

U.S. Forces Camps, 3 sites, Kuwait

4,489 employees
1 23 sites

Market trends

ECONOMIC AND SOCIETAL COSTS, PRISON OVER-
POPULATION ARE MAJOR CHALLENGES

Government budgets everywhere are falling, reflecting
the continuing effects of the global economic crisis and
causing many clients to outsource certain services in
an effort to significantly reduce costs while maintaining
standards

The high economic and societal costs of re-offending
resulting from the associated police, court and prison
costs are compelling governments to look at more
effective forms of rehabilitation in order to reduce the
number of repeat offenders

Justice Departments around the world are turning to
private sector experts like Sodexo capable of creating value
in the management of prisons and offender rehabilitation,
while respecting budgetary constraints. Technology is
playing an increasingly important role within prisons as
well as in the development of alternatives to incarceration

Source: Sodexo.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013

47


--- Page 45 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

If Focus on...

SAFELY AND SUCCESSFULLY RECONNECTING

AFTER RELEASE

A new rehabilitation and resettlement program
identifies and focuses on prisoners with high risk of
re-offending.

Through its information management system, Sodexo’s
team monitors prisoners who have a high risk of re-
offending throughout the duration of their sentences
to ensure they are receiving appropriate services that
address their identified needs and difficulties.

At the HMP Peterborough prison, Sodexo has also
developed an “Outside Links” center to provide
additional support to prisoners who are released into the
community. The center is an external building located
outside the prison wall.

When prisoners are released from the prison, they are met
by a mentor who accompanies them to the center where
they can access support services including support for
housing or budget needs, internet access, mobile phone
chargers, survival kits and food bank vouchers, reduced
price taxi services...

Sodexo is setting up similar arrangements to improve
services to prisoners upon release across all managed
prisons in the UK.

Highlights

CHILE - BICYCLE REPAIR SKILLS TO PROMOTE
REHABILITATION

Working with the local municipal government, Sodexo
teams at the Concepcion prison developed and launched
a bicycle mechanics and repair training workshop for
prisoners as part of its rehabilitation/re-integration
program. In addition to supporting a community priority
to promote bicycling, the program provides 20-prisoner
classes with 150 hours of training, helping them to
develop skills they can use following their release. The
bicucle repair program adds to existing offender training
and rehabilitation programs at Concepcion, including
woodworking, leather craft and food preparation classes

FRANCE - SUPPORTING SOCIETAL RE-ENTRY

Through professional opportunities...

Through trade forums organized each week in one
of the 21 prisons managed by Sodexo, participating
prisoners are provided help in building a career plan,
preparing their return to the labor market and facilitating
their reintegration. At booths of sponsoring training
organizations and local businesses, the prisoners learn
more about businesses in such diverse areas as bakeries,
butchers, sales, spa treatments, foodservices, mechanics,
electricity, metallurgy and florists.

... and a personal investment

In February 2013, 12 brick presses arrived in Mahajanga,
in northwestern Madagascar, for use in building schools,
health centers and housing. The metal presses were
produced by prisoners in Sodexo-managed workshops at
the Liancourt and Neuvic correctional facilities in France
The initiative benefits a humanitarian project managed
by “Schools of the world’ an association that works to
improve living conditions in developing countries through
education, health and economic development. Since 2007,
the prisoners’ efforts have resulted in delivery of 22 single
and double brick presses, the construction of a school -
which requires about 30,000 bricks - and the production
of 50 desks for schoolchildren. The program has provided
opportunities for prisoners to invest in others, contributing
to prisoner training, awareness of humanitarian needs
and higher self-esteem.

UNITED KINGDOM - HEALTH AND SAFETY
RECOGNITIONS FOR ALL SODEXO PRISONS

All prisons operated by Sodexo in the UK received the
International Health & Safety Award and the British
Safety Council's Five-star “*****” accreditation. Three
prisons hold the highest award for safety, the British
Safety Council's “Sword of Honour) awarded annually to
only 40 companies worldwide

48 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 46 ---

INTERNATIONAL - CERTIFICATIONS

Chile

The prisons Alto Hospicio, La Serena and Rancagua
prisons continued to move toward OHSAS 18001
certification, advancing on their GS - ACHS Professional
Risk Prevention programs to the third of four levels.

United Kingdom
All Sodexo-operated prisons in the UK hold the following
certifications:

e ISO 9001 Food Safety;

e ISO 9001 Facilities Management;

e ISO 14001 Environment and Waste Management;
e OHSAS 18001 Health & Safety;

e ISO 27001 Information Security.

Key contract wins

UNITED KINGDOM

HMP Northumberland

Sodexo won a 15-year operations and management
contract to provide all staffing and Quality of Life Services
at the 1,348-prisoner HMP Northumberland correctional
facility. The 550-600 staff positions include all custodial
officers, managers, administration, rehabilitation and
resettlement staff and most other services staff, as well
as the senior management team and prison governor.
Services delivered include all hard and soft facilities
management services provided at other Sodexo-run
prisons in the UK, including foodservices and retail,
grounds maintenance, waste management, pest control,
custodial services, prison visits, and religious services
Sodexo also develops rehabilitation and resettlement
services, including industry workshops and training, and
drug rehabilitation programs.

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Nationwide offer of facilities management
services

The Ministry of Justice has placed Sodexo on the Total
Facilities Management Framework Contract, opening
opportunities for new business growth in hard and
soft facilities management services at the Ministry
headquarters and in all public sector prisons across
England and Wales

Among our clients...
BELGIUM
Ministry of Justice, 1 prison (2013)

CHILE
Ministry of Justice, 5 prisons

FRANCE
Ministry of Justice, 34 prisons

ITALY
Ministry of Justice, 17 prisons

NETHERLANDS
Ministry of Justice, 54 prisons

SPAIN
Catalonia Government, 2 prisons

UNITED KINGDOM

Ministry of Justice England and the Scottish Prison
Service, 4 prisons

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 49


--- Page 47 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

SPORTS AND LEISURE

KEY FIGURES

643 million euro in revenues

3% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE FOR EXCEPTIONAL MOMENTS

With more than 20 years experience in managing unique
venues and organizing world-class sports and cultural
events, including the Olympics and Rugby World Cup,
Sodexo knows what it takes to create exceptional moments
for consumers and respond to the demands of exacting
clients. From ticketing, travel, foodservices, security and
logistics to technical and artistic execution, Sodexo teams
are expert at producing memorable events for attendees
while enhancing the reputation of prestigious sites

Bu emphasizing social responsibility, local procurement
and eco-friendly practices in its operations, Sodexo also
responds to issues that are important to visitors and
consumers, further increasing the appeal of its clients’
offerings

Market trends

The continuing uncertain economic climate has
impacted the market in terms of:

e funding: Reduced government and sponsorship
support for sports and leisure activities is prompting
clients to seek high value-added solutions to attract
consumers;

e limiting discretionary spending in many parts of
the world;

e in these difficult economic conditions, France, and
particularly Paris, where Sodexo has a significant
presence, remains a favored destination for
international tourists.

New trends opening development opportunities in this

market include:

e sustainability, wellness and diversity are fast
becoming key drivers for partner selection and
retention and a source of differentiation for market
leaders like Sodexo;

1 0,872 employees
194 sites

e optimization of venue utilization is a key request
from clients, who are seeking partners that can
better assist them in attracting new guests to boost
attendance and facility rentals

e digital technology is changing models and concepts
for sporting and cultural event organizers through
the ability to reach a greater number of potential
viewers by providing easier access to both events and
performers;

© sporting event organizers are seeking to attract a
wider audience by enhancing the spectator experience
through additional entertainment linked to the event;

e emerging countries are increasingly hosting
international sporting events and are starting to
promote their national sports outside their borders

Source: Sodexo.

Hf Focus on...

TALENT OF TOP SODEXO CHEFS RECOGNIZED
THROUGH PRESTIGIOUS AWARDS

Sodexo’s ability to offer memorable dining experiences
is due in no small part to the inspiration and passion
of some of the world’s most talented chefs, who
refine their uniquely flavored creations into gourmet
offerings of the highest level. Underlining the level of
quality were the prestigious recognitions awarded to
two Sodexo chefs in 2013.

In France, Thibaut Ruggeri won the competition for
the Bocuse d’or, sometimes called France’s gastronomy
Olympics, beating out 24 fellow chefs from around the
world. The 32-year-old Thibaut developed his talents
working alongside Michelin-starred chefs such as
Georges Blanc, Michel Guérard and Michel Kaiser prior to
becoming part of the creative team at Sodexo’s I'Ecole
Lendtre where he also serves as an instructor. His culinary
skills are regularly on display at special events managed
by Sodexo such as creating the menu for the French

50 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 48 ---

Tennis Federation during the most recent Roland Garros
tournament

In addition to the Bocuse d'Or, other talented individuals
trained by Sodexo receiving honors included Julie
Lhumeau, pastry chef apprentice at l'Ecole Lendtre,
who won the award for best European apprentice
Demonstrating that Sodexo’s culinary expertise does
not stop at the doors of kitchens was Jean-Jacques
Chauveau, director Sodexo’s Pré Catelan gourmet
restaurant in Paris, who won the International Academy
of Gastronomy’s 2013 Grand Prize for the Art of Living.

In the UK, Steve Golding was honored as Event Caterer
of the Year at the Food Service Management magazine
awards. Steve serves as executive chef at the world-
renowned Ascot Racecourse, overseeing all foodservices
operations and 15 restaurants across the site. During the
five days of Royal Ascot, over 40 different kitchens serve
approximately 54,000 meals to racegoers and create 100
different variations of dishes each day

Other recognitions won by Sodexo chefs in the UK
and Ireland included a “Best Hospitality Experience
Eventia Award” for Royal Ascot, “Menu Innovation and
Development award” for Siemens’ Crystal Café, and
a listing for the Gateway Restaurant at Royal Botanic
Garden of Edinburgh in the prestigious Good Food Guide
2013.

Highlights

CANADA - SODEXO SUPPORTS CANADA GAMES

Sodexo teams provided foodservices to 2,000 athletes
and volunteers during the 2013 Canada Summer Games,
held August 2-17 in Sherbrooke, Quebec. Working closely
with the Canada Games organizers, Sodexo designed
healthy menus adapted to the nutritional needs of
athletes and organized an informational campaign to
encourage youngsters to make healthy choices

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

CHILE - RACING THE SUN

It may be one of the world’s two hottest races: the
Atacama Solar Race, that runs through the planet's
driest desert (a similar event is held in Australia). Sodexo
teams harnessed the sun's energy to provide meals
cooked in solar ovens to competitors, race authorities
and journalists, including 500 attendees at the awards
luncheon. In addition to contributing sustainable
foodservices, Sodexo sponsored a hybrid car designed by
students at a French technical school and were part of
the team for the race’s winning car, sponsored by client
Antofagasta Mineral

FRANCE

Happy 100th Edition for the Tour!

As the world-famous Tour de France celebrated its 100th
edition, a 45-member Sodexo team accompanied the race
on every stage along its more than 3,400-kilometer route
to provide foodservices for 4,000 participants. For this
year's race - Sodexo's 22nd consecutive year supporting
the Tour - emphasis was placed on regional markets, local
products, and sustainability with the use of recyclable
materials for supplies and eating utensils. Sodexo’s
traveling teams met the logistical challenges of providing
fresh quality products on a daily basis for Tour organizers,
support staff, motorcyclists, drivers and VIP guests. The
teams, which actually cover more than twice the distance
of the official race in order to leapfrog ahead of the Tour,
begin in the early hours of each day, continuing through
each evening's post-race reception.

Aromas and flavors mingle at new Versailles
center

Versailles has held an iconic place in the history of
perfume in France since the 18th Century. Located
steps away from the city’s world-famous chateau, a new
fragrance center, la Cour des Senteurs, allows visitors
to breathe the rare scents of raw materials used in
perfume making. Also providing stimulation for guests’
senses are the aromas wafting from the Lendtre center's
tasting room. On the menu, the latest sweet and savory
creations of internationally renowned chefs, as well as a
surprising novelty: a macaroon-sequined heart floating

(1) A similar event, the World Solar Challenge, is held every two years in Australia.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 51


--- Page 49 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

52

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

in a jasmine flowered jam, a nod to a favorite flower of
Marie-Antoinette

Upgrade for riverside events in Paris

An ambitious renovation project for Sodexo subsidiary
Yachts de Paris and its Seine River port area is
strengthening the Companu’s offer for upscale business
conferences and private events in the heart of Paris. The
initial step was the refurbishment of the 700-square meter
“Barge Liberty’ capable of hosting up to 450 people. The
custom-designed “houseboat” is open to sky and water
and is named for the model of the Statue of Liberty that
sits just upstream. The high-end, flexible space is the first
phase of a project that will eventually total 2,500 square
meters, available for offer by Sodexo under a 22-year
concession contract.

Welcome aboard the Bateaux Parisiens

Following the complete renovation of the “Crystal II" in
2010 and the “Diamond II" in 2011, 2013 saw the birth
of a new boating concept: the “Pierre Bellon? a next
generation trimaran, was baptized September 23, 2013,
named for Sodexo’s Chairman and founder. Reflecting
the latest technologies, offering the utmost in comfort
and bringing the essence of Paris to life for millions of
visitors from around the world - while stimulating the
city’s economic activity - this is the Bateaux Parisiens
challenge. The building of the Pierre Bellon is part of
an ambitious and unprecedented modernization and
renovation of the cruise boat fleet: three trimarans will
soon be refurbished along the lines of the Pierre Bellon

UNITED KINGDOM - RUGBY WORLD CUP.
PERFORMANCE WINS RECOGNITION

Rugby Travel and Hospitality (RTH), ajoint venture between
Sodexo and the Mike Burton Group, was awarded the
International Sports Event Management Award for the
organization and management of hospitality operations
at the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand. The
partnership was recognized for demonstrating an
innovative and enterprising approach to hospitality
that made a significant contribution to the experience
of 1.35 million spectators and to event revenues. RTH,
which also exclusively created, operated and marketed
the corporate hospitality and travel at the 2007 Rugby

World Cup in France, has been awarded the contract for the
tournaments in 2015 in the United Kingdom and 2019
in Japan.

UNITED STATES

Kids LiveWell at Children’s Museum

of Indianapolis

Families touring the Children’s Museum of Indianapolis
are finding it easier to make healthy dining choices
during their visit thanks to the “Kids LiveWell” program
sponsored by the museum, Sodexo and the National
Restaurant Association. Restaurants that participate
in the award-winning program” such as the Sodexo-
managed Children’s Museum commit to offering
healthful meal items for children, with a particular focus
on increasing consumption of fruit and vegetables, lean
protein, whole grains and low-fat dairy, while limiting
unhealthy fats, sugars and sodium

Menu items designated as Kids LiveWell options are
reviewed and approved by a team of registered Sodexo
dietitians, ensuring the museum has a wide variety of
healthy options. Participating restaurants benefit from
the third-party verification and promotional materials for
qualified meals and individual menu items while parents
and caretakers are provided with accurate information
helping to encourage healthy eating choices for children

Sodexo takes the checkered flag with Formula 1
Grand Prix

Sodexo was an integral part of the winning Formula 1
Circuit of The Americas™ team that was honored by Sports
Business Journal/Daily as the top American sports
event for 2012. Circuit of The Americas™ chose Sodexo
as its partner to enhance the spectator experience for
more than 265,000 fans for the U.S. debut of Formula 1
Grand Prix racing, Nov. 16-18, 2012 in Austin, Texas
Sodexo designed, managed and delivered all aspects of
concession services including catering, food and beverage
service, hospitality and vendor management. Sodexo had
previously managed Formula 1 Grand Prix events in India,
the UK and Bahrain.

(1) Winner of Ragan’s PR Daily Awards, Communication Gold Circle Award, PR New Platinum PR Awards 2072, PR Daily's Media Relations

Awards 2012.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 50 ---

Key contract wins
FRANCE

A river of music and culture

Sodexo is part of a consortium of companies awarded
the contract for the design, construction and operation
of a Music City on the Seine river island, the lle Seguin,
under a 27-year Public-Private Partnership contract
Located on the site of a former auto plant and designed by
Japanese architect Shigeru Ban, the world-class musical
and cultural venue will include a 900-seat auditorium
and a hall with a capacity for 5,000 attendees, as well
as rehearsal and recording space and seminar rooms
Sodexo's customized comprehensive service offer for
performing artists, residents and visitors includes facility
maintenance, management of green spaces, reception,
foodservices, security, cleaning, waste management,
logistics and technical production. Sodexo is also
responsible for managing the 2,600 square meters of
seminar and convention facilities. Groundbreaking on the
center will occur in March 2014 with the official opening
scheduled for September 2016

New Marseilles museum opens

The Musée des Regards de Provence opened its doors in
March 2013, the largest of Marseilles’ new private cultural
facilities launched during the year in celebration of the
city’s designation as Europe’s 2013 Capital of Culture
Sodexo is delivering an array of services for the museum
under a comprehensive services contract including
ticketing, maintenance and repair, foodservices and site
security

Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) places trust

in Sodexo

The PSG chose Sodexo and Lendtre to provide general
public and VIP foodservices at its Parc des Princes stadium,
home to its soccer team, and at Pierre de Coubertin
stadium, which hosts team handball. The two Parisian
sports sites welcome more than one million spectators at
38 sporting events each year. Now a partner of France's
three most iconic soccer clubs, with Paris Saint-Germain
joining the teams Olympique de Marseille and Olympique
Lyonnais, in addition to the French Football Federation,
Sodexo confirms its leading position in the sport.

POLAND - SUPPORTING SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERY

Sodexo is providing technical maintenance for Warsaw's
Copernicus Science Center as well as operating the
ticketing system and supervising installation of exhibits

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

The largest institution of its kind in Poland and one of
the most advanced in Europe, the Center, welcomed
its two millionth visitor in September 2012. Its more
than 450 interactive exhibits allow visitors to carry
out experiments and discover the laws of science for
themselves.

http://www.kopernik.org.pl/en/

SLOVENIA - HITTING CULINARY HIGH NOTES

Under its new contract with the Slovenia National Opera
and Ballet Theater, Sodexo chose the splendid venue to
launch its new national “So Extra” brand to describe the
high quality foodservices offered to opera and theater
patrons attending performances and major events. The
prestigious client provides Sodexo with a high-profile
reference in the country’s rapidly opening sports & leisure
market

SWEDEN - NEW HOTEL AND CONFERENCE CENTER
IN GOTHENBURG

When Gothenburg’s latest hotel and conference facility
opens in June 2015, Sodexo will be there, delivering
foodservices and managing conference facilities for up to
1,000 participants. Other facilities management services
being provided by Sodexo include cleaning and technical
maintenance. In addition to 130 rooms and a 250-seat
restaurant, the 46,000-square-meter facility, the city’s
largest building, will house an indoor soccer field and a
covered, year-round cross-country ski area

UNITED KINGDOM

Sustainable service at The Crystal, London’s
newest landmark

A new star in the London sku, Siemens’ “The Crystal”
is the world’s first building devoted entirely to innovation
in sustainable urban planning. The Crystal, a corporate
events site, will also serve as a global think tank for
engineers and city experts to collaborate on projects that
drive sustainable urban innovation and create a better
future for cities. Sodexo’s commitment to the highest
standards in service and quality and to sourcing and
preparing food in the most sustainable manner possible
helped win the contract to deliver all public, workplace
and event foodservices at the site. In addition to using
environmentally friendly products and supplies, Sodexo
also supports the local community by giving priority
to job candidates from the local community whenever
possible. The quality of Sodexo's service offer to visitors to
the Crystal Café has already won acclaim with the receipt
of a 2013 “Menu Innovation and Development Award”

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 53.


--- Page 51 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Innovative site’s conference center

“The Exchange” at Colworth Park, a conference and
banquet center in Bedfordshire, chose Sodexo to manage
its reception and hospitality services and manage events
organized by companies at the innovative site. A unique
partnership between property developer Goodman and
Unilever, a global consumer products leader, Colworth
Park provides companies with office space, laboratories
and technical support as well as the 2,000-square-meter
“The Exchange” conference center. With nine meeting
rooms and a state-of-the-art 250 seat lecture suite, the
site is the ideal setting for Board meetings, team briefings,
product launches, sales seminars, training courses and
client meetings. The agreement is part of Sodexo's
European facilities management contract with Unilever
covering 70 locations in 15 European countries.

Café ahoy!

Designed and managed by Sodexo, the “Upper Deck” is
a new destination bar and café with spectacular views
of the WWII warship “HMS Belfast” and surrounding
London landmarks, including Tower Bridge, the Tower of
London and City Hall. Launched in partnership with the
Imperial War Museums, the new venue is an extension of
the foodservices, retail and sales and marketing services
Sodexo already provides to the Churchill War Rooms and
HMS Belfast - whose maritime architecture inspired the
design for the Upper Deck’s visitor center and outdoor
terraced bar.

Rocking Hyde Park

Bon Jovi, Sir Elton John, The Rolling Stones, Lionel Richie
and Jennifer Lopez were among the headline acts in
July at “British Summer Time Hyde Park’ a ground
breaking new outdoor summer concert series. More
than 7,000 guests were entertained in hospitality suites
and international food courts provided by Sodexo, with
concepts emphasizing a British summer fair theme such
as live cookery stations and street food outlets. The
prestigious Hyde Park locale made event sustainability
a prerequisite, with Sodexo introducing numerous
innovations, including the use of biodegradable or reusable
disposables and local and seasonal produce.

Among our references...
ATHLETIC AND CULTURAL ACTIVITIES
Art Café, Strasbourg (France)

Bateaux Parisiens, Paris (France)

Café Carlu (Cité de I'Architecture et du Patrimoine), Paris
(France)

Children’s Museum of Indianapolis, Indiana (United
States)

Churchill War Rooms, London (United Kingdom)
Dallas Museum of Art, Texas (United States)
Detroit Institute of Art, Michigan (United States)
Grand Parc du Puy du Fou (France)

Hampden Park, Glasgow, Scotland (United Kingdom)

Hippodromes : Auteuil, Chantilly, Enghien, Longchamp,
Maisons-Laffitte, Saint-Cloud, Vincennes (France)

HMS Belfast, London (United Kingdom)
Houston Zoo, Texas (United States)

Jardin du Petit Palais, Paris (France)
Lenétre, Cour des Senteurs, Versailles (France)
UOlympique de Marseille, (France)
UOlympique Lyonnais, Lyon (France)

La Cité Musicale de Vile Seguin (France)

Le Musée des Regards de Provence (France)
Le Paris Saint-Germain (France)

Le Rallye Dakar (Argentina-Chile)

Lido de Paris (France)

Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago, Illinois
(United States)

Newcastle United Football Club, Newcastle (United
Kingdom)

RHS Chelsea Flower Show, London (United Kingdom)
Roland Garros, Paris (France)

Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh, Edinburgh, Scotland
(United Kingdom)

Seattle Aquarium, Washington (United States)
Shedd Aquarium, Chicago, Illinois (United States)
Space Center Houston, Texas (United States)

The Open Shampionship, (United Kingdom)

54. Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 52 ---

PRESTIGE RESTAURANTS
Don Juan Il, Yachts de Paris, Paris (France)

Huntington Library Gardens Café, Pasadena, California
(United States)

Le Pavillon Elysée Lenétre, Paris (France)
Le Pré Catelan, Paris (France)

Les restaurants de la Tour Eiffel, Paris (France)

PRIVATE CLUBS, ASSOCIATIONS AND CONFERENCE
CENTERS

Aéroclub de France, Paris (France)

Black Canyon Conference Center, Phoenix, Arizona
(United States)

Centre d’Affaires Capital 8, Paris (France)
Centre d’Affaires Etoile Saint-Honoré, Paris (France)
Chateau de Fillerval, Thury-sous-Clermont (France)

Domaine du Manet, Montigny-le-Bretonneux (France)

HEALTH CARE

KEY FIGURES

3,276 million euro in revenues

18% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

IMPROVING HEALTH CARE THROUGH QUALITY

OF LIFE SERVICES

Sodexo understands the interdependency of care activities
in a hospital and contributes to a positive patient
experience through the productive use of human, materiel
and financial resources. Sodexo’s services range from
management of clinical equipment to sterilization of
medical devices, from disinfection of patient rooms and
operating theaters to patient reception and admissions,
and from hospital logistics to providing foodservices
for patients, visitors and hospital staff. With all of this
expertise, Sodexo’s services are adapted to address
client priorities:

e increase patient satisfaction;
e motivate and retain staff,

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

La Faisanderie - Stade Francais, Paris (France)
Maison des Polytechniciens, Paris (France)

Maison de la Recherche, Paris (France)

Salons de la Maison des Arts et Métiers, Paris (France)

San Ramon Valley Conference Center, California (United
States)

Tecnoldgico de Monterrey, (Mexico)

The Crystal, London (United Kingdom)

Yachts de Paris, Paris (France)

OUTSTANDING EVENTS

Ascot Racecourse

Euro 2012 soccer tournament

London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games
Tour de France

Rugby World Cup

64, 6 62 employees
3,946 sites

e improve quality of care;

e ensure compliance with rigorous medical standards;
e reduce overheads;

© maximize revenues.

The value added: better patient outcomes,
improved operational performance and increased
competitiveness in their market.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 55


--- Page 53 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Market trends and growth potential

MARKET TRENDS

Health care costs are constantly increasing, driven by
a combination of demographic, social, economic and
technological factors. Since 2010, however, the economic
crisis has resulted in a significant slowdown in health
care expenditures (Source: OECD), putting economic
pressure on health care facilities, which must re-think
their organizational, operational and financial models

In developed countries:

e asharp slowdown in health spending growth as a result
of lower public expenditures as well as a decrease in
private spending, reflecting reduced or stagnant
household income, unemployment and other factors;

© concentration of the health care sector is resulting in
larger but fewer facilities;

e budgetary constraints and technological advances are
contributing to a reduction in the number of beds and
average length of stay, as well as the development
of care outside of the traditional hospital setting
(ambulatory centers or home care);

e chronic diseases (diabetes, cardiovascular disease,
cancer, etc.) have a significant impact on the
organization and costs of health sustems;

e patient consumerism is forcing hospitals to focus
increasingly on improving the patient experience
and compete in non-clinical areas such as reception
services, management of the patient pathway and
administrative services;

e the economic crisis and healthcare reforms are
reducing reimbursement rates, requiring hospitals to
further focus on increasing efficiency and cutting costs.

In emerging markets:

e over the next decade, the growth of health spending
will come mainly from countries in Asia (China, India,
Indonesia), South America (Brazil, Colombia) and the
Middle East (United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia);

e increased disposable income, the rapidly expanding
middle class, emergence of private insurance and
population growth are driving higher demand;

e national health care systems are struggling to provide
the appropriate level of care, due to insufficient
infrastructure and limited budgets and health care
human resources, paving the way for a growing and
ever stronger private healthcare sector, particularly
regional and international health care chains;

e increasingly high expectations of patients, who
frequently pay for their care out of pocket, are creating
a boom in medical tourism that is forcing health care
facilities to compete nationally and internationally.
Source: Sodexo.

GROWTH POTENTIAL

More than 150 bition euro in
estimated total market value,

with an outsourcing rate around 40% (among the
highest rates: Chile and Italy above 60%; among
the lowest rates: Finland and Sweden, around 25%).

Sodexo estimate.

Supporting our client, Mackenzie Health
in Canada

HOSPITALITY CULTURE IMPROVES QUALITY OF LIFE
AND EFFICIENCY

Mackenzie Health, a leading Ontario regional hospital,
relies on Sodexo’s expertise in Quality of Life Services
to help enhance the well-being of patients, visitors
and staff through optimization of its operations,
infrastructure and budget.

Our client’s needs

Mackenzie Health (previously York Central Hospital) is a
511-bed full service community hospital near Toronto in
Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada. Serving a population of
400,000 people in one of the country’s fastest growing
regions, the hospital provides diagnostic and medical
services, including surgery and obstetrics, recovery and
long-term care.

In 2007, the hospital was looking for a single partner
able to support its ambitious redevelopment program
and address its operational challenges. The goal: create
synergies that would improve the quality of services,
maximize the use of aging infrastructure and optimize
budgets. By outsourcing services, the hospital could also
free up management time to focus on other priorities

Sodexo’s response

Sodexo proposed an integrated Quality of Life Services
offer designed to break down historical barriers and build
cooperation between different service areas, contributing
to a new “hospitality” culture.

56 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 54 ---

Sodexo determined that, with 511 beds, non-medical
support services staff interact with patients 2,000 times
each day - with each occasion an opportunity to positively
influence the patient experience. A dedicated on-site
Sodexo trainer working with support services employees
was among the proposals for improving teamwork and
renewing the emphasis on the patient experience. Sodexo
also adds value for the hospital through the use of new
technologies and providing innovative funding solutions
for service development.

The range of services entrusted to Sodexo has expanded
over the years. It now includes management of clinical
technologies, a call center combining service response
and switchboard operations, scheduling of support
services staff, environmental services, management and
maintenance of facilities and equipment, security services,
logistics, laundry services, transport of patients and
equipment as well as residential services for dependent
persons provided through Sodexo’s Comfort Keepers
subsidiary. Sodexo also manages retail food services and
has implemented its “Expressly For You” foodservices offer
for patients.

Results

In choosing Sodexo, Mackenzie Health went from several
vendors providing various services to one, with a single
point of contact at the management level. A fully
engaged partner, Sodexo is represented on 30 hospital
Committees.

Since Sodexo began providing services, satisfaction levels
of patients, staff and visitors has increased significantly

e patient satisfaction has increased 20%;

e support services staff satisfaction has improved by
20%;

(1) Joint Commission International (JCI)

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

e bed discharge clean times have improved by over 50%;

e the average number of transports per day is more than
10% above target;

e work order turnaround has been reduced to two days,
compared with a four-day target.

ff Focus on...

INTERNATIONAL - SUPPORTING HEALTH CARE
CLIENT CERTIFICATION

Sodexo continues to apply its global health care
expertise to help clients in emerging countries achieve
and maintain accreditation from international agencies
Sodexo’s value adding Quality of Life Services contribute
not only to strengthening operational performance but
also to improving patient and staff satisfaction and, thus,
client competitiveness.

e In Brazil, Sodexo supported 14 sites in maintaining
ONA, (National Accreditation Organization)
Certification at levels 1, 2 and 3, four sites in
renewing their status with Accreditation Canada, a
not-for-profit, independent organization accredited
by the International Society for Quality in Health
Care, and three clients in being recertified by the Joint
Commission International (JCI),

e In India, renewals obtained included JCI certification
at Fortis Mulund and National Accreditation Board for
Hospitals (NABH) accreditation for three hospitals. New
NABH accreditation was earned by two more hospitals
and a third was newly certified with JCI. Sodexo also
received ISO 22000 food safety certification for
foodservices at Madras Institute of Orthopaedics and
Traumatology MIOT International Block

JCI certifies health care organizations that meet a set of standard, internationally recognized requirements designed to improve quality

of care and ensure a safe environment for patients and staff.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 57


--- Page 55 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

e Additional technical qualifications earned during the
year included HACCP” certification for food services
at Instituto Argentino de Diagnéstico y Tratamiento in
Argentina and at Clinica Alemana in Chile, ISO 14001
Environmental Management System Certification
at King George Hospital in the UK and first-time
ISO 10002 accreditation for Customer Satisfaction
and Complaints Handling in Turkey. In Poland, Sodexo
was recertified ISO 9001 for facilities management
services including technical maintenance, cleaning
and reception

Highlights

BRAZIL - INNOVATIVE HEALTHY OFFERS

New sodium-free, low-fat/low-salt recipes, seasoned
with fresh herbs and sauces, are featured in Sodexo's
new “Cardiology Offer’ launched in a Sdo Paulo hospital
Meanwhile, at two clinics in Rio de Janeiro, “Pediatrics
and Maternity Offers” provide personalized assistance
and ala carte menus to new mothers and breakfasts for
family members and visitors.

CHILE - INTEGRATED CUSTOMIZED SERVICES

Sodexo teams adopted an integrated approach to
service delivery to the Health Care segment, building
a comprehensive FM services offer covering hospital
hygiene, patient transport, waste management and
laundry services. In adapting the foodservices offer to
meet consumer expectations, the successful Le Jardin
retail offer introduced last year at the Clinica Alemana
was joined by the “La Cafet” and “Coffee Break” brands
and a Green Box convenience store concept. For patients,
anew Atmodsfera offer was launched, featuring food and
facilities management services customized to respond
to the specific needs of four patient categories: cancer,
maternity, children and general.

(1) HACCP (Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point)

SINGAPORE - GOLD AWARD FOR HEALTHIER EATING
INITIATIVES,

The Singapore Health Ministry has recognized Sodexo's
efforts to promote healthier eating with the 2012-
2013 Gold Award. Initiatives include healthy menu
development that incorporates healthier ingredients and
cooking methods into food preparation and the creation
of an environment, including through health promotion
programs, to encourage better nutritional habits. Specific
actions include limiting fats, salt and sugar and increasing
offers of vegetables and fresh fruits.

UNITED KINGDOM - SODEXO CLIENTS AWARDED
FOR INNOVATIONS, SUSTAINABILITY

The Birmingham Children’s Hospital NHS Foundation
Trust was recognized with i-FM.net’s Technology in FM
award for “Maple” the hospital's interactive electronic
patient meal ordering system designed by Sodexo
Through the use of mobile touch screen technology,
the system is designed to further improve patient care
by making meal ordering time an appealing, fun and
informative activity for the hospital’s young patients
Maple, the first program of its kind to be used within the
UK’s National Health Services, also was recognized with
numerous other awards for innovation, contributing to
waste reduction and recycling and improving patient
quality of life.

UNITED STATES

Sodexo extends leadership with sustainable
disinfection innovations

As part of its Better Tomorrow Plan commitment to
source sustainable supplies and expand the choices for
environmentally friendly cleaning products and protocols
offered to clients, Sodexo introduced two new sustainable
cleaning technologies: the Hydris™ on-site generation
system uses a mineral solution and electrically activated

A management system for controlling food safety through the prevention, elimination or reduction to an acceptable level of any biological,
chemical or physical risk. Created in the United States, HACCP has been institutionalized in the European Union and in many countries.

58 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 56 ---

water to clean and disinfect most surfaces; Ecolab’s
bio-based Hard Surface Cleaners are formulated using
plant-derived natural resources to reduce environmental
impact and help eliminate the need to wear personal
protective equipment during product use. Through the
two initiatives, Sodexo is helping to improve the quality of
life for its emplouees, client staff and consumers

Client “Health is Your Treasure” video presents
Sodexo’s Mindful program

Conemaugh Memorial Hospital in Johnstown,
Pennsylvania, created a video to introduce Sodexo’s
“Mindful” wellness approach that seeks to make healthy
choices a matter of second nature. Central to the program
are the delicious healthy, nutritious recipes created by
Sodexo executive chefs and registered dietitians, based
on consumer feedback and marketplace research. Mindful
also focuses on transparency of ingredients, satisfying
portions and clarity in message to reinforce good
nutritional choices. Designed for Company managed
restaurants in all client segments, the Mindful approach
can be easily adapted at home by consumers to preserve
their investment in good health

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhB7SOJkZ40&hd=1

Key contract wins

BRAZIL

Sodexo delivers foodservices to the 357-bed Sdo Rafael
Hospital in Salvador (Bahia), which has become a
reference of excellence in medical service in Brazil

CHINA

At Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, Sodexo is
providing foodservices to 4,000 medical and hospital staff
members and 3,000 patients.

FRANCE - CONTINUED GROWTH OF QUALITY OF LIFE
SERVICES

Historic partnership renewed and expanded
Sodexo's foodservices contract with AP-HP (Paris
Public Hospitals) was renewed, continuing a 40-year
relationship with the major Paris region health care
provider and Europe's leading university hospital center.
Through a concentrated team effort, the Company was
selected in the highly competitive request for proposals,
a process conducted every three to four years. As a result
of the strength of its past performance and its proposal to

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

support AP-HP’s intensified focus on the quality of patient
services, Sodexo will soon be providing foodservices to two
new AP-HP hospitals, in addition to the three it already
serves and five administrative centers.

Nouvelles Cliniques Nantaises outsources
quality of life services

The Nouvelles Cliniques Nantaises (NCN) in the city
of Nantes chose Sodexo as their provider of care
support services, previously provided in-house, with
responsibilities that include management of NCN’s
existing restaurant teams, patient room and operating
theatre biocleaning, logistics and management of four
conference rooms. The decision to outsource the quality
of life services allows NCN’s medical and administrative
teams to concentrate on maintaining the quality of health
care that earned the facility the country’s number two
ranking in a recent ranking by the French newsmagazine
Le Point. Commented NCN’s CEO Ronan Dubois, “We
sought a partner that would help us improve economic
performance while maintaining quality levels and it was
clear that Sodexo could help us meet these requirements.”
The three clinics of the 550-bed facility treat almost
70,000 patients annually, making NCN one of France's
largest private health centers.

Groupe Vitalia - Innovative, differentiating offer
wins contract

Vitalia Group, France's second largest private hospital
Operator, chose Sodexo to provide foodservices at all of
its 38 sites on the basis of the Company's innovative
proposal. In serving sites ranging from 10 to 280
consumers per day, Sodexo teams are providing patients
with the ability to choose @ Ja carte lunch and dinner
services, helping the client ensure consistent quality
across all sites and reinforce its reputation for high quality

INDIA - NEW SUCCESSES FUEL CONTINUED
GROWTH

Recent Sodexo wins include providing foodservices at
the 107-bed Hayat Hospital in Guwahati and delivering
a monitored dietary program for patients as well as
foodservices at the 110-bed Hinduja Hospital in Mumbai
At the 300-bed Sakra Hospital in Bangalore, Sodexo is
now responsible for an array of facilities management
services including housekeeping, technical maintenance,
patient transport and attendant services, nursing
accommodations and central desk management, as well
as foodservices.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 59


--- Page 57 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

PERU - FIRST HEALTH CARE CONTRACT

In its first contract in Peru’s fast-growing Health Care
segment, Sodexo is working to help Clinica Internacional,
one of the country’s leading private hospital operators,
achieve Joint Commission International certification
Sodexo teams provide technical services to ensure the
smooth running of six clinics’ non-medical infrastructure,
including electrical system maintenance, elevator
maintenance, certain specialist management functions
such as including supplies purchasing and providing
service desk software to consolidate all client requirements
and status reports. Sodexo’s team in Chile contributed to
winning the initial contract that has since been expanded
to five additional sites, an 80-bed main hospital building
and four medical centers.

POLAND - THE JOHN PAUL II HOSPITAL OF KRAKOW
ENTRUSTS SODEXO

Sodexo is providing cleaning services and foodservices to
the 500-bed John Paul Il Hospital in Krakow under a three-
year contract. The hospital facilities include 14 wards and
40 specialized laboratories

SWEDEN - IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE FOR
CANCER PATIENTS

Sodexo has been awarded the contract to operate a 246-
room residence for oncology/cancer patients in Umea,
in close collaboration with the University hospital. Under
the 10-year contract, Sodexo provides all of the services
normally provided at a regular hotel as well as certain
treatment services for patients.

UNITED KINGDOM ~ SODEXO WINS ONE OF YEAR’S
LARGEST NHS CONTRACTS

Under one of the year’s largest National Health Services
(NHS) contracts awarded in the UK, Sodexo is providing
a full range of soft FM services at Brighton and Sussex
University Hospitals. In addition to a full range of
foodservices, facilities management services provided
by Sodexo for the hospitals’ 750,000 patients and
visitors under the seven-year contract include cleaning,
housekeeping, linen supply, concierge and transport
services, grounds maintenance and waste management

UNITED STATES

Catholic Health Initiatives and Sodexo
partnership

Reducing the high cost of health care is a priority for
hospital administrators, and Catholic Health Initiatives
(CHI) is addressing the challenge through its mission to
create healthier communities. After a comprehensive
evaluation of food services programs across the
enterprise, CHI determined that a partnership with a
leader in health care dining- and nutrition-services was
essential to improving services and reducing costs. CHI
selected Sodexo as its business partner to help develop
and manage the organization's National Food Services
Program. The program is expected to yield significant
financial improvement in the operating performance
of CHI’s food programs, while enhancing quality and
increasing the satisfaction levels of patients, guests
and employees. Sodexo’s expertise and industry-leading
practices in healthy menu options will support CHI’s focus
on community health and wellness by making healthy
foods more accessible, enabling the organization to create
a better experience for those it serves

Multiple services for multiple Florida sites

HCA East Florida, 3,394-bed medical complex, awarded
Sodexo the contract to provide foodservices and
environmental services at its complex of facilities that
includes 14 hospitals, 12 surgery centers, six diagnostic
imaging centers, seven psychiatric care facilities and one
regional laboratory

Ochsner chooses quality of life in Louisiana
Sodexo is providing food and nutrition services and to
seven sites, with a total of 1,550 beds, for Ochsner across
the state of Louisiana. The Sodexo Solutions Center also
manages construction projects for its client.

ProMedica Health System expands contract
with Sodexo in Michigan and Ohio

Sodexo added eight more hospitals to the one at which
it already provides foodservices for ProMedica Health
System. The nine hospitals have a total of 1,269 beds.

60 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 58 ---

Among our clients...

AP-HP (Assistance Publique - H6pitaux de Paris), Paris
(France)

BDMS Group (Bangkok Hospital and Samitivej), 8
locations throughout Thailand

Beijing Friendship Hospital, Beijing (China)

Boston Children’s Hospital, Massachusetts (United
States)

Bumrungrad Hospital, Bangkok (Thailand)

Casa di Cura Multimedica SpA, 4 sites, Sesto San
Giovanni, Milan (Italy)

China Welfare Institute Rest Home, Shanghai (China)
Danderyd’s Hospital, Danderyd (Sweden)

HCA East, 12 sites, Florida (United States)

Hospital Militar de Santiago, Santiago (Chile)

ICESP - Hospital do Cancer de Sao Paulo, (Brazil)
Institut Catala de Salud, 10 sites, Catalonia (Spain)

KCS Klinikum, Darmstadt (Germany)

SENIORS

KEY FIGURES

1 094 million euro in revenues

6% of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

IMPROVING THE QUALITY OF LIFE OF SENIORS
Sodexo helps ensure the overall well-being of seniors
through medical nutrition and a full range of high value-
added services designed to

e improve seniors’ quality of life: with a good
understanding of the diversity of senior needs, Sodexo
offers services appropriate to all stages of the aging
process;

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Krakow University Hospital, Krakow (Poland)

Lowell General Hospital, Massachusetts (United States)
Mackenzie Health, Ontario (Canada)
Medi-Partenaires, 25 sites (France)

Military Medical Institute (WIM), Warsaw (Poland)
National University Hospital, (Singapore)

Northern Devon Healthcare NHS Trust, Devon (United
Kingdom)

Papworth Hospital NHS Foundation Trust,
Cambridgeshire (United Kingdom)

Siriraj Hospital, Bangkok (Thailand)

Stockholm County Council (Sweden)

Tun Hussein Onn National Eye Hospital (Malaysia)
Universitair Ziekenhuis Gent, Ghent (Belgium)
Vitalia, 38 sites (France)

Wilhelminenspital, Vienna (Austria)

Ziekenhuis Gelderse Vallei, Ede (Netherlands)

1 0,987 employees
2,91 0 sites

e contribute to the physical, emotional and mental
well-being of seniors residing in retirement
communities and care facilities;

e enable seniors to preserve their independence
through the delivery of quality services in the home;

e ensure efficient assistance to senior care providers
Sodexo’s services enhance client business performance
and reputation.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 61


--- Page 59 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Market trends and growth potential
MARKET TRENDS

Economic trends

Rising demand and expenditures

e The increasing senior population is contributing to
rising health care costs.

e Greater prevalence of chronic diseases is contributing
to higher costs.

Controlling budgets

e Many seniors lack sufficient personal resources to cover
medical care costs

e Governments are seeking cost-effective solutions to
meet the increasing demands for senior care

Social trends

Extended life expectancy, changing society

e Medical advances are prolonging life expectancy with
those over 80 comprising the fastest growing segment
of the population in many countries.

e More seniors, preferring to live independently at home,
are entering facilities later in life

Arising need for professional caregivers

e Growing numbers of families are seeking help to meet
the unique requirements of the elderly.

e Competition for professional caregivers is intensifying

Source: Sodexo.

GROWTH POTENTIAL

Close to 90 bition euro
in estimated total market value,

with an outsourcing rate around 25% (among the
highest rates: Italy and Denmark, above 50%; among
the lowest rates: Hungary and the United States,
around 10%).

Sodexo estimate.

I Focus on...

LIVING BETTER WITH ALZHEIMER’S

Through its offer for combating malnutrition,
encouraging independence and breaking the isolation
of Alzheimer’s patients, Sodexo seeks to improve
quality of life for patients, families and caregivers.

In Spain, Sodexo continued to extend its offer to address the
needs of Alzheimer’s patients and their families, forming a
partnership with Spain’s National Alzheimer’s Association
(AFAL). The two partners will work to develop C’ALMA, the
Spanish version of Sodexo’s M’ama program developed in
partnership with the Italian Center of Alzheimer Studies
The program is being implemented at AFAUs flagship
project, Villafal, a senior care home complex in Madrid,
specially designed to welcome Alzheimer's patients and
their families. The complex focuses on innovative activities
to maximize the well-being of Alzheimer’s patients, their
families and caregivers. The C’‘ALMA program uses a
digital platform to track changes in a patient's history
that affect their care, such as dietary habits, mobility,
food preferences and alterations in behavior. A Sodexo
dietitian works closely with the Villafal medical team and
reports on the progress of each patient's eating habits
during regular meetings with the family.

In France, Sodexo has implemented a comparable
innovative, proactive foodservices offer, Un air de famille,
to encourage better eating by Alzheimer’s patients
through an emphasis on enjoyment, autonomy and
familial references

Geriatrics coordinator at the senior living center in
Uiury-Gargan, Frédéric Ammouial, said such programs
reduce behavioral problems that affect patient nutrition
“Nutritionally, residents spend more time at the table and
eat more. Some of our patients are more optimistic and
our Caregivers are very enthusiastic with this innovation”

62 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 60 ---

Highlights

ITALY - CERTIFICATION FOR HEALTH AND
REHABILITATION SERVICES

Sodexo has received its first ISO 9001 quality management
certification for provision of health, assistance and
rehabilitation services at the Casa di Riposo Caprotti-
Zavaritt residence and day center for partially or fully
non-self-sufficient adults and the elderly. The services
are part of Sodexo's “global hospitality” services offer that
includes foodservices, health care (nurses), rehabilitation
(physiotherapists) and care services, cleaning, gardening,
technical maintenance and transportation.

SWEDEN - GUESS WHO’S COMING TO LUNCH?

Students in schools in Gdvle are now enjoying lunches in
the company of seniors from the community. A 12-month
intergenerational exchange project prepared and piloted
Jast year by Sodexo and the municipality, was considered
highly successful. The pilot project has now been extended
on a permanent basis to two and probably soon more of
the city’s 32 schools in which Sodexo provides foodservices
for 12,500 schoolchildren.

UNITED STATES - STRATEGIC ALLIANCE WITH
MASTERPIECE LIVING

Sodexo further expanded its Quality of Life services
offering to seniors with a holistic wellness platform,
developed through a strategic alliance with senior wellness
specialist, Masterpiece Living. The approach builds on
the traditional focus of services on care, comfort and
security to also encompass spiritual, mental, emotional
and physical growth, enabling older adults to maximize
their potential. More than a wellness program, Masterpiece
Living is a lifestyle platform for successful aging and
growth. Participants experience increased self-awareness
and empowerment leading directly to improved physical
and mental vitality, social engagement and a renewed
sense of purpose. Among the benefits demonstrated by
outcomes data - which are measured and tracked on an
individual, community and national aggregate basis - is a
lowering of risks for impairment for disease and accidents.

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Key contract wins

FRANCE - EXPERTISE ON THE MENU

Edenis, a non-profit association, chose Sodexo's “So
Appro” offer to ensure quality, harmonization and
optimization of its foodservices for 1,600 residents in its
18 living centers for seniors and dependent adults. What
attracted Edenis, according to Eric Odegaard, purchaser
for the association? “The simplicity, obviously, because
our teams have only to enter the number of meals to
determine what to order from suppliers, relieving our chefs
of this administrative task and allowing them to focus
on their core responsibilities.” Sodexo also provides its
expertise in foodservices (food safety, hygiene, menus...).

TURKEY - SERVING SENIORS, SUPPORTING A
SCHOOL

Sodexo is delivering a range of Quality of Life Services to
four senior residences for the Darlissafaka Foundation,
which is also an Education client. Services provided to the
450 consumers in the senior residences include cleaning,
pest control, laundry, reception, porter services, meeting
room management and foodservices.

UNITED STATES

Delivering exceptional Quality of Life Services
United Church Homes and Services (UCHS) provides
retirement living to seniors in the North Carolina
communities of Thomasville and Newton as well as
Suffolk, Virginia. Sodexo is providing foodservices in the
communities designed to deliver a rich and varied dining
experience that support UCHS' objective of ensuring that
residents enjoy active, vibrant and productive lives in
beautiful settings.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 63


--- Page 61 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Quality dining services and employee
development

Sodexo is providing foodservices under a five-year
contract to residents at more than 300 HCR ManorCare
sites nationwide. An important element in the decision
to award the contract was Sodexo’s ability to create
a workplace that engages residence staff through an
educational and rewarding environment that provides
exposure to excellence in dining services, expertise in
meal planning, food selection, wellness and nutritional
care. Sodexo’s ability to offer a broader career path to
employees seeking to advance in the dietary services field
was also a key factor for HCR ManorCare.

Among our clients...

American Baptist Homes of the West (ABHOW), 10 sites
(United States)

Asbury Group, 6 sites (United States)
Baptist Housing, 5 sites in British Columbia (Canada)

Covenant Retirement Communities, 15 sites (United
States)

Domain Principal Group, 7 sites (Australia)

Elim Park Baptist Home, Cheshire, Connecticut (United
States)

Fondation Caisses d'Epargne pour la Solidarité, 94 sites
Fondazione Santa Maria Ausiliatrice, Bergamo (Italy)

Fundacion Teleton, 6 sites (People with Disabilities)
Santiago (Chile)

Grupo SAR (Spain)

HCR ManorCare, 302 sites (United States)

Hopeatie Senior Home, Helsinki (Finland)

Hospedaria Hogares de Cristo, 5 sites, Santiago (Chile)
Jewish Senior Life, Michigan, 7 sites (United States)
Keshet Amuta Le-Maan Ha-Kashish, 3 sites (Israel)
Korian, 95 sites

Maison Marie Immaculeée, 4 sites — Neufvilles (Belgium)

Maisons de Soins de Bettembourg et de Wasserbillig
(Luxembourg)

MENSA, 8 sites - Meulebeke (Belgium)
Novaire, 11 sites (Spain)

Plymouth Place, Chicago, Illinois (United States)

Retirement Home, City of Stockholm (Sweden)

RSA - Casa di Riposo Villa Serena, Brembate Sopra,
Bergamo (Italy)

Shepherd Village, Toronto, Ontario (Canada)
TLC, 10 sites Victoria, Australia

Uniting Care Ageing NSW ACT, 15 Aged Care sites,
Sydney, New South Wales (Australia)

Yallambi Aged Care Facility, Melbourne, Victoria
(Australia)

PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES
Our offer

IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE FOR INDIVIDUALS
WITH DISABILITIES

Sodexo helps people with disabilities overcome daily
challenges and provides ways to make their daily life
simpler, safer and more enjoyable.

In helping to integrate people with disabilities more
fully into society and the workplace, Sodexo performs a
role as a responsible citizen in actively helping to increase
awareness ~ and alter attitudes - about all forms of
disability

Highlights

CANADA - PROVIDING A ROAD BACK FROM MENTAL
ILLNESS

The Willow Bean Café in Vancouver, managed by Sodexo,
offers jobs to people recovering from mental illness
through which they gain confidence and the support
needed to return to the work force. The social enterprise
coffee shop provides participants the opportunity to
obtain skills and work experience, return to the rhythm
of a normal workday and re-build their confidence in an
environment without any of the stigma often attached
to mental illness. The supported employment program
is a partnership between Vancouver Coastal Health, the
Canadian Mental Health Association and Sodexo.

FRANCE

Valuing differences, recognizing talent

The 15th edition of the “One for all, all for one” national
competition, presided over by world-renowned chef Michel
Bras, offers individuals with disabilities from Sodexo client
sites to show off their culinary skills and gain additional
self-confidence. Participants, from throughout France,
were part of a team with a teacher and a Sodexo employee

64 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 62 ---

that prepared entries under this year’s theme, “Create a
magnificent dessert’ based on a floral theme and judged
on the basis of presentation, originality, taste, compliance
with hygiene standards and the ability to work in teams
Congratulations go to this year’s winning team from the
specialized residence, La Villa Clé des Dunes in the town
of Berck-sur-Mer.

Guarding flavor for more appetizing, healthful
meals

A new offer developed by Sodexo chefs at a residence
for disabled individuals in Ales puts a renewed emphasis
on flavor. People with severe disabilities often have
difficulty eating: it is therefore the texture of food that
is the primary focus. But these mixed dishes lost their
flavor and appeal to consumers. With the new recipes,
flavors remain intact and attention is paid to ensuring
an attractive presentation, improving residents’ quality
of life.

EDUCATION

KEY FIGURES

3,798 million euro in revenues

21 % of Group revenues

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

FOSTERING SUCCESS THROUGH ENHANCED
QUALITY OF LIFE

Schools and universities today face considerable
challenges, from increased competition for students and
faculty to aging infrastructure and constrained budgets
to concern over student nutritional habits. Sodexo plays a
key role in helping ensure a safe, welcoming and healthy
learning environment through efficient and innovative
integrated service offers that:

© create positive student experiences that improve
performance and achievement;

e enhance quality of life for the learning community;

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Key contract wins

SPAIN - AN INNOVATIVE PARTNERSHIP TO COMBAT
ALZHEIMER’S

Under a new contract, Sodexo will be implementing its
C’ALMA offer for the Villafal center, a center for Alzheimer’s
patients and their families. When completed, the private
project, financed by the national Alzheimer’s association
(AFAL) and the Fundacion Reina Sofia, will have 90 rooms
for residents and a 26-room hotel for visitors. Sodexo is
providing engineering services to optimize the phusical
Jayout for the center’s restaurant and the hotel cafeteria

SWEDEN - SERVICING TECHNICAL MEDICAL DEVICES

Sodexo has yet again been entrusted with the responsibility
for medical device technical assistance serving the county
of Stockholm. Effective in 2014, the five-year contract
covers provision of technical equipment for people with
disabilities, including thousands of products, from very
simple tools to very complex articles,

94, 5 97 employees
5,642 sites

e ensure students are offered balanced, healthy diets;
e strengthen clients’ image and reputation;

e retain students and faculty;

e help control operating expenses.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 65


--- Page 63 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Market trends and growth potential
MARKET TRENDS

Student health and wellness

Governments in developed and emerging economies are
battling to curb alarming increases in both obesity and
malnutrition, including among student populations. In
the U.S., the Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act provides an
opportunity to make real reforms to school lunch and
breakfast programs for the first time in 30 years by
improving the critical nutrition and hunger safety net
for millions of children.

Globalization of education

International student and faculty exchanges are on the rise;
Western schools and universities are building campuses
abroad and increasing international partnerships to
meet rising demand in developing countries, especially
Southeast Asia and the Middle East, while adapting to
increased international student enrollment on their home
campuses

Sustainability

With an educational institution’s commitment to
sustainable practices now a key factor influencing
school selection, universities are increasingly adopting
sustainable energy and environmental policies — which
also help reduce operating costs while protecting the
planet and improving satisfaction and health

Financial constraints

With a focus on attracting and retaining students but
facing increased financial constraints, educational
institutions are hard-pressed to meet day-to-day
operating budgets and fund capital projects; increasingly,
they are relying on their outsourcing partners to optimize
costs while governments are turning to the private sector
for investments.

Technology

More than ever before, technology is transforming
classroom dynamics. Education is being individualized,
allowing for greater engagement with students and
increasing knowledge development. For today's
educational institutions, applying cutting edge technology
is an absolute requirement

Economic conditions

Prolonged and rising unemployment in many developed
nations has reduced families’ spending power, multiplying
the number of children without access to proper nutrition

Source: Sodexo.

GROWTH POTENTIAL

Over 150 bition euro in estimated
total market value,

with an outsourcing rate around 35% (among the
highest rates: Belgium and Spain, more than 60%;
among the lowest rates: Canada and Poland, around
25%).

Sodexo estimate.

Supporting our client: United World
College of South East Asia in Singapore

GROWING WITH A RENOWNED WORLD-CLASS
INSTITUTION

UWC South East Asia (UWCSEA) is projected to become
the world’s largest international school in 2015, with
a student population of 5,400 students from nearly
90 countries on two sites: the Dover Campus, where
Sodexo has been providing foodservices since 1999
and the East Campus, which opened on its current
site in 2011.

Our client’s needs

To improve quality of life for students and staff, UWCSEA
sought a unique strategic partner for the two campuses
capable of offering a wide variety of food choices to
respond to the increasingly diverse needs of a multi-
cultural community. The challenge: offer a range of food
that is varied, balanced, healthy and sustainable ... and
supports the College commitment to sustainability and
“shaping a better world”

Sodexo’s response

Already a UWC strategic partner in other UWC schools and
colleges in Hong Kong, India and the USA. and with solid
experience in meeting the expectations of consumers on
the Dover Campus, Sodexo won the East Campus tender
through its comprehensive “nutrition, health and well-
being” offer integrating:

e anarray of concepts to respond to the cultural diversity
of tastes;

e educational information encouraging balanced
nutritional habits;

e “green solutions” such as the use of corn starch ware-
based bio plastic, biofuel and eco-friendly cleaning
materials, food waste recycling, minimization of
waste, water and electricity and a cashless Smart Card
system with digital receipts

66 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 64 ---

Results

e 87% excellence rating in building safety and the
quality of products served according to an audit by
external QHSE auditor, Silliker;

e UWC's East Campus was awarded the “Green Mark
Award” by the Building Construction Authority as
Singapore's most energy efficient school. Sodexo
helped its client earn the award through a range of
services included ensuring efficient use of electrical
equipment and water, recucling food packaging and
cooking oils, conversion to environment friendly
cleaning agents, replacement of plastic ware with
corn ware and organizing composting for use in UWC
gardens

“Visitors to the College from schools around the world are

impressed with both the quality and variety of food served.

We also have seen a significant improvement in service

standards. No detail seems too small for Sodexo.”

Julian Whiteley, Head of UWCSEA

I Focus on...

UNITED STATES - ENHANCING QUALITY OF LIFE

AT HIRAM COLLEGE

Sodexo is implementing a full service master plan to
improve quality of life for 1,300 students at Hiram
College, a private liberal arts college in Ohio.

The plan is addressing critical strategic questions to
help the college reinforce its market position and value
proposition and increase its competitiveness by enhancing
quality of life for students and staff.

The plan's scope of work includes Master Planning Services,
representing alternative planning and design concepts
to create consensus among key stakeholders. Areas
covered include landscape and circulation improvements,
renovation of academic buildings, classrooms and

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

residence halls, modernization and replacement of
existing support facilities and athletic facilities

The plan examines a wide array of issues such as potential
initiatives, utilization data, current balance sheet,
projected deferred maintenance, operational requirements
and standards, inherent site and access issues and the
competitive environment.

The schedule for implementing the project through a
comprehensive action plan is being finalized

Highlights

SOLOMBIA - NUTRITIONAL TIPS AND A SMILE FROM

As part of its commitment to educate future generations
about the importance of good nutritional practices,
Sodexo developed an informative and entertaining
nutrition education program featuring “Ed’ a puppet
character that takes the stage in school lunchrooms in
Colombia. Friendly and fun, Ed and his fellow puppets
interact directly with students during their lunch period,
providing examples of good eating habits and tips on
maintaining healthy lifestyle behaviors.

FRANCE

Optimizing the work environment

A management tool for computer-aided maintenance
is enabling Sodexo to analyze and qualify the work to
be done to maintain schools. In addition to increasing
responsiveness to daily demands, the system enables
Sodexo to respond to client challenges including improving
the working environment for students, teachers and
administrative staff, optimize infrastructure use, reliability
and security and extending the breadth of services
provided. A partner for 15 years with the Collége Lycée
jle-de-France a Villebon-sur-Yvette near Paris, Sodexo is
responsible for all technical maintenance for which it has
implemented this tool.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 67


--- Page 65 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Marseilles foodservices highly rated

National consumers association UFC Que Choisir has
given good grades to Marseilles’ school cafeterias for the
quality of the 50,000 meals per day served by Sodexo.
A local elected official said the high rating reflected the
school system's commitment to providing a diverse menu
and a range of high quality organic and locally grown
products

SPAIN

Close-to-home summer vacations

Children between 6 and 14 years old can now participate
in healthy alternative activities during the summer in their
own school. In partnership with several schools, Sodexo
has developed “FUNtdstico’ in which school playgrounds
are transformed into adventure parks for children to enjoy
a wide variety of open air activities, including climbing,
archery, aquatic sports, theater productions, scavenger
hunts and mountain biking. The fact that the urban camps
are located at the schools helps facilitate scheduling
for families while providing an enriching experience for
children.

Certification for integrated sustainable
development system

ISO 50001 Energy Management System certification
based on Sodexo's Sustainable Integrated Management
System covering the areas of quality assurance,
engagement with the safety and health of emplouees,
respect for the environment and the efficient use of
energy. The scope of the certification is multi-technical
services and applies to two public schools: Escuela Oficial
de Idiomas in Sabadell and the High School Maritim in
Barcelona.

UNITED KINGDOM - TRAINING TOP CHEFS AT ECOLE
LENOTRE

As part of its program to ensure chefs are able to deliver
quality food consistently to Independent Schools, Sodexo
sends senior chefs to polish their mastery of gastronomic
arts at Ecole Lenétre. One of the most prestigious culinary
schools in the world, Ecole Lenétre became part of the
Group’s extended family with Sodexo’s 2011 acquisition
of gourmet specialist Lendtre. The training helps chefs
to continuously improve and deliver on Sodexo’s Fresh
Food from Scratch commitment through which the
food served is prepared from scratch at the majority of
the 76 independent schools for which Sodexo provides
foodservices.

UNITED STATES

Energy efficiency enhances technical services
offer

New technical services introduced by Sodexo include
energy reducing capital projects, utility expense
management, energy procurement and auditing and
centralized facilities management through automated
remote control access. With the Roth Bros acquisition,
Sodexo also provides roof management and mobile HVAC
services to supplement and strengthen Sodexo’s on-site
FM services. The expanded offering reinforces Sodexo's
expertise in multi-technical services, enabling it to further
support Clients to optimize their energy consumption

Imagining the future with university client
Sodexo helped New Jersey’s Caldwell College develop a
seven-year facilities improvement master plan that proved
instrumental in securing 3.8 million dollars in grants
for capital improvements, technology infrastructure
upgrades and deferred maintenance. Among the projects
included in the plan were projects for a clinical nursing
program, simulation labs and classrooms, replacement
of roof and electrical and heating distribution systems,
dormitory renovations and technology and infrastructure
improvements

68 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 66 ---

Key contract wins

BELGIUM - SUSTAINING ANDERLECHT SCHOOLS

A new meals offer emphasizing sustainability helped
Sodexo win a new contract to provide foodservices for
31 schools in the community of Anderlecht (Brussels).
Based on a theme of goodness for earth, living and taste,
the offer has now been implemented with 18 clients at all
levels of education, from primary schools to universities

CHINA - SODEXO ADDS SECURITY CONSULTING AND
SERVICES FOR LEADING INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL
Sodexo is now providing security consulting services
and cleaning services to long-time foodservices client,
Dulwich College Shanghai. This leading international
school provides a world-class education for more than
1,400 expatriate students from 40 nations, aged 2-18
The contract, the first of its kind for Sodexo in China,
covers a full assessment of school security risks and
requirements. On the basis of the analysis, Sodexo is
designing and implementing state-of-the-art security
measures that blend technology, enhanced business
processes and guard services to provide a comprehensive
total security solution.

COLOMBIA - A CUSTOMIZED, BALANCED
NUTRITIONAL OFFER

Under a five-year contract, Sodexo is providing
1,800 meals per day for students, teachers and staff at
the English School, a private institution ranked as one
of Colombia's best schools. A variety of age appropriate
programs have been launched to respond to student taste
preferences and nutritional needs, including reinforcing
proper nutritional habits and teaching table etiquette.

HUNGARY - RENEWED TRUST

Sodexo’s contract to provide 20,000 meals per day at
73 schools in Debrecen was renewed for an additional
five years. Sodexo’s largest contract in Hungary, the
win reflects the confidence established over 10 years of
providing foodservices to Debrecen’s students and staff.
In addition, another significant contract was renewed in
Budapest following a public tender procedure. Sodexo will
continue to serve nearly 5,000 students in 25 schools
under the new 10-year contract

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

SWEDEN - EXPANDED TECHNICAL SERVICES
CONTRACT

Energy audits and consumption analysis, outdoor
maintenance and fire protection inspections were among
the new services added under a contract signed at the
end of 2011 with the municipality of Norrkdping.
The contracts for technical services and building and
installation maintenance cover 50 school buildings,
attended by a total of 4,100 students.

UNITED STATES

Sodexo’s technical services at University
Administrators at St. John’s College in Annapolis,
Maryland awarded a new five-year facilities management
contract to Sodexo. Services to be provided under the
contract include maintenance, grounds and custodial
management. An understanding of the high-quality
services and cutting-edge technology provided by Sodexo
to one of the showcase sites at Hobart and William Smith
Colleges in New York contributed to this win

Spotsylvania County, Virginia, selects Sodexo
Spotsylvania County Schools, the largest outsourced
school district in the state of Virginia, with nearly
24,000 students at 29 schools, chose Sodexo as its
student nutrition partner. Sodexo was selected for the new
five-year partnership based on a strategically designed
offer to respond to a highly competitive bid process
The winning proposal incorporated best practices such
as “Guest Chef Celebrations” and “Sodexo's Right Start
Mobilization” program, as well as emphasizing community
involvement, local foods and educating students about the
importance of sustainability initiatives

Among our clients...

Aalborg University, Copenhagen campus, (Denmark)
Aalto University, Helsinki (Finland)

ABQ School (Oman)

Acadia University, Wolfville, Nova Scotia (Canada)
AIM, Melbourne (Australia)

American Schools, Mumbai (India), Doha (Qatar)

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 69


--- Page 67 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Asian Institute of Technology, Pathum Thani - Bangkok
area (Thailand)

British International School, Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia),
Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates)

British School of Beijing, Beijing (China)

Créches de la ville de Paris (France)

Dartissafaka Schools (Turkey)

Ecole Francaise de Riyadh (Saudi Arabia)

Ecoles de la ville de Brest (France)

Ecoles de la ville de Marseille (France)

EDHEC, Lille (France)

EDUCatt - Universita Cattolica di Milano, 3 sites (Italy)

Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, Daytona Beach,
Florida, & Prescott, Arizona (United States)

English School, Bogota (Colombia)
Etablissement Privé Saint Vincent, Rennes (France)

Etablissement Privé Saint-Michel de Picpus, Paris
(France)

Haileybury College, Melbourne (Australia)

Hong Kong International School, Hong Kong (China)
Instituto de Empresa (Spain)

Jakarta International School, Jakarta (Indonesia)
Kellett School, Hong Kong (China)

Kindergartens and Primary Schools, Debrecen (Hungary)

Lappeenranta University of Technology, Lappeenranta
(Finland)

Lecong Middle School, Guangdong (China)

Liceo Francés Jean Mermoz, 1 site. Buenos Aires
(Argentina)

Loyola Marymount University, Los Angeles, California
(United States)

Lubbock School System, Lubbock, Texas (United States)

Lycée Francais, Singapore, Doha (Qatar), Bangkok
(Thailand)

Lycée Louis Massignon, Abu Dhabi, (United Arab
Emirates)

Mahindra United World College of India, India

Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois (United
States)

Oasis Community Learning, 17 sites (United Kingdom)

Providence City School District, Rhode Island (United
States)

Putnam City School District, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
(United States)

Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario (Canada)

Saginaw Public Schools, Saginaw, Michigan (United
States)

Saudi Mining Institute (Saudi Arabia)
Southampton Solent University (United Kingdom)

SSMS and Birla Institute of Technology and Science,
Vidya Vihar City, Rajasthan (India)

St Paul's College, Sydney University (Australia)

Sultan Qaboos University (Oman)

Tulane University, New Orleans, Louisiana (United States)
United World College of South East Asia (Singapore)
Universidad Catolica de Chile, Santiago (Chile)
Universidad Europea de Madrid (Spain)

Universita di Pavia, 2 sites (Italy)

Université Omar Bongo, Libreville (Gabon)

University of Technology and Economics, Budapest
(Hungary)

Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (Netherlands)

Wellington College (United Kingdom)

70 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 68 ---

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

1.3.2.2 BENEFITS AND REWARDS SERVICES

ACTIVITY

1 6.0 billion euro in issue volume 420,000 clients

(excluding individuals)

31 9 million beneficiaries

790 million euro in revenues

4% of Group revenues
4 058 employees 1 4 million affiliated partners
,

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer e mobilize teams around quantitative or qualitative
objectives. With Sodexo's Incentives and Recognition

IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE TO BOOST MOTIVATION programs, companies have access to customized

Sodexo designs, manages and delivers nearly 250 Benefits tools to boost sales, engage their partner networks

and Rewards Services adapted to the strategic objectives and promote good plant safety practices;

of each company and organization. These solutions help © ensure and enhance the distribution and delivery

improve the quality of life of individuals by of Public Benefits. Sodexo-designed solutions are

simple, transparent and effective in facilitating the
work of governments and local authorities, helping

to optimize budgets and achieve their social policy,
© making them feel truly valued; and cultural or educational goals.

e promoting a satisfying work-life balance;
e encouraging them to maintain their health;

e enhancing their standard of living.

These quality of life solutions provide companies with Market trends and growth potential

customized, innovative and effective responses to their MARKET TRENDS

rimary human resources and performance challenges
p y p 9 Beyond long-term trends that promote the development

Combining economic performance and sustained of all of Sodexo’s activities, specific factors affecting
improvement in quality of life, Sodexo's offer is focused Benefits and Rewards Services include

around on three service categories to help clients .
© macroeconomic change: the increasing service

e recruit, retain and increase the motivation of economy, growing numbers of working women, the
talented people. Employee Benefits responds to the search for a competitive edge, growing importance
issues of Company compensation policies, helping given to the human factor;
clients enhance their attractiveness, © sociological change: growing focus on well-being,

quality of life and health;

e political issues: combating illegal work, public health
policy, controlling public spending

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 71


--- Page 69 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Companies seeking to attract and retain talent to cope
with rapidly changing markets are turning to employee
motivation programs to differentiate themselves, enhance
productivity and respond to the new needs of their
workforce.

The impact of these trends varies widely according to
country economic situations.

e Inindustrialized countries, continuing urbanization,
a growing number of working women and an aging
population that is working longer are creating new
needs and expectations.

e Inemerging countries, population growth, particularly
of the middle class, and a more service-driven economy
are increasing demand for human resource services
Companies in countries like Brazil, where competition
for trained talent is intense, are seeking solutions
to attract and retain employees and improve their
purchasing power.

Governments and local authorities are increasingly

searching for efficient aid distribution solutions in a

context of higher budget constraints while pursuing

pro-active policies to improve delivery of support to
disadvantaged members of society.

Source: Sodexo.

GROWTH POTENTIAL

A market estimated at
more than 1 70 bition euro

in issue volume.

Sodexo estimate.

Supporting our client, Crédit Agricole
Consumer Finance in France

A CUSTOMIZED RESPONSE

In seeking an exclusive partner for its gift vouchers
incentive programs, banking client Crédit Agricole
Consumer Finance (CA-CF) chose Sodexo’s customized
response, ad common motivation solution adapted to
each beneficiary, whether an internal employee or
external partner.

Our client’s needs

CA-CF needed a way of organizing its gift incentive
program to recognize all parties contributing to its
objectives: 4,000 external commercial partners and
employees. The challenges included offering beneficiaries
a wide selection of gift choices, avoiding the handling of
often perishable merchandise inventory, minimizing the
risk of loss or theft and reducing costs.

Sodexo’s response

Sodexo supported and advised its client at each step of the
project, implementing a single solution built around its
“Spirit of Cadeau” gift card. This solution enabled CA-CF
to provide a consistent offer adapted to both external and
internal beneficiaries: brokers compensated according to
the number of contracts signed; vendor employees, based
on attainment of sales objectives; and, CA-CF emplouees,
with rewards linked to performance metrics such as
achieving a 100% rate at the call center. All beneficiaries
can use the card at a network of 150 affiliated stores
and 40 internet sites or convert it into gift vouchers on
a special website.

Results

A major factor for CA-CF was Sodexo’s expertise, including
its ability to advise the client about legal obligations and
develop a successful incentive program that fully complied
with new French regulations on external motivation
programs.

Today, says CA-CF’s CEO for France Stéphane Priami, the
Company is able to manage its motivation program more
easily and efficiently, helping to drive sales and manage
its network of partners:

“Sodexo’s solution has enabled us to increase the
effectiveness of our motivation program with both our
employees and external partners while also simplifying
its administration and reducing its costs. Their expertise
in creating and running incentive programs and on the
application of the new regulations also has been invaluable.”

72 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 70 ---

I Focus on...

INTERNATIONAL - E-BUSINESS WEBSITES EXPAND
IN NUMBER AND ACTIVITY

In continuing to open client-focused websites in each
country in which it operates, Benefits and Rewards
Services facilitates access to its services while
continuing to increase Sodexo’s overall online visibility.

New e-Business websites went live during the year in
Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Chile, China, Czech
Republic, France, India, Indonesia, Israel, Luxembourg,
Mexico, the Philippines, Romania, Spain, Tunisia, Turkey,
Venezuela, Vietnam and the UK with several more country
websites in the works.

The client-oriented websites provide an extensive overview
of all services with direct access links for ordering services
The presentation of services is customized according to
whether the visitor is a client, affiliate, beneficiary or other
stakeholder. Other features include maps of affiliates and
a calculator to determine tax benefits

The 21 existing websites have proven their success
as a marketing tool, generating business and drawing
significant traffic, led by the Brazil e-Business site, which
is recording 170,000 visits per month. All Benefits and
Rewards Services countries will deploy these websites

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Highlights

INTERNATIONAL - SODEXO CONTINUES

TO IMPLEMENT GROWTH STRATEGY

Sodexo launched Benefits and Reward Services
Operations in two new countries in which it already
offers On-site Services:

Israel - Sodexo becomes market leader in
Benefits and Rewards Services

With its March 2013 acquisition of Cibus Business
Meal Ltd, Sodexo rose to number one in Israel in Benefits
and Rewards Services, today providing 1,350 companies
with meal cards that can be used by their employees
in 3,700 restaurants. The transaction opens potential
opportunities for all of Sodexo’s Benefits and Rewards
Services programs in the country as well as the ability to
now offer comprehensive Quality of Life Services

Sweden - Sodexo reinforces Quality of Life
Services offer

Complementing its services offer in Sweden, Sodexo
has added Benefits and Rewards Services through its
acquisition of Rikslunchen, Sweden's second largest
issuer of restaurant cards. Rikslunchen serves more than
50,000 beneficiaries through a nationwide network of over
18,000 affiliated restaurants. Sodexo is the only company
proposing a comprehensive Quality of Life Services offer
in Sweden.

CHINA - SODEXO OBTAINS ISSUER LICENSE

FOR PREPAID CARDS

The People’s Bank of China (PBOC) granted Sodexo a five-
year license, according to Chinese regulations applicable
to issuers of prepaid cards. Sodexo is continuing to develop
motivation and loyalty programs in Shanghai for more
than 275,000 beneficiaries and 1,300 clients, with a
network of 8,000 affiliated partners.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 73


--- Page 71 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

KEY FIGURE

2 5 million beneficiaries

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE TO ATTRACT AND
RETAIN TALENT

In today's extremely competitive environment, attracting
and retaining top performers is essential for every
public and private organization, regardless of size or
market. Knowing how to motivate employees can provide
companies with a true competitive edge.

“With its goal to become the leader in the employee
benefits market, Sodexo has developed customized,
easy-to-use, economical solutions with optimized tax
treatment that address client human resource needs and
help them improve their image.

Whether through access to a varied diet offered by Meal
Pass, the ability to buy environmentally friendly products
through Eco Pass or the support for commuting costs
provided by Mobility Pass... our services improve the lives
of employees and their quality of life, enabling them to
devote themselves fully to their work.

If Focus on...

BRAZIL - INNOVATIVE EMPLOYEE SERVICES CARDS

Innovative new cards released by Sodexo Benefits
and Rewards Services in Brazil are expanding and
improving services for beneficiaries.

The first, Refeicdo Pass, is a new meal card based on
the PAT law (Programa de Alimentacdo do Trabalhador
or Workers meal program). This card uses the latest EMV
chip technology”. Considered the most secure on the
Brazilian market, this breakthrough technology provides
greater security and flexibility for Company employees
in Brazil. The more than 1.5 million users can use the
card in a large network of more than 320,000 affiliates
throughout the country.

An additional innovation, the Cultura Pass card (a
50 reals card) based on the PAC Law (Programa de Cultura
do Trabalhador) allows Company employees to purchase
cultural good and services such as books, CDs and tickets
for the cinemas. This card gives also access to specific
cultural discounts and promotions.

Finally, the Alimentagdo Pass Natal gift card offers
employees the freedom to choose products they want
for Christmas from a wide network of supermarkets. This
card is an alternative to the traditional food basket given
at many companies

Highlight

FRANCE - NEW CARD CREATES NEW OPTIONS FOR
GIFT GIVING

With the success of the “Spirit of Cadeau” gift card
Jaunched last year, Sodexo introduced a new innovation
in 2013 with the “Spirit of Cadeau" Le Cadeau commun,
the first card for groups who want to pool their gift giving
Useable at more than 150 locations, on 40 Internet sites,
the card can be purchased at commercial outlets or online
at spiritofcadeau.com. With an authorized value up to
2,500 euros, the card allows givers the option of creating
a message to be printed and given to the recipient along
with their gift card.

Key contract wins

CHINA - AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURER COMAC
REINFORCES ITS LINKS WITH SODEXO

Already a provider of On-site Services to Commercial
Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd (COMAC) in Shanghai,
Sodexo was chosen last year to provide an assured
meal benefit through Meal Pass to 3,300 employees
Sodexo’s customized offer allows the commercial aircraft
manufacturer’s employees to utilize the benefit in either
Company cafeterias or at affiliated restaurants. This year,
COMAC demonstrated their trust and satisfaction with
Sodexo’s solution, and more than doubled the number of
their employees receiving this employee benefit all over
the Company

(1) EMV (Europay, Mastercard, Visa) defines rules related to the structure of chip cards (smart cards) for security and interoperability with

point of sale equipment.

TA Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 72 ---

INDIA - MODERNIZING THE TRADITIONAL GIFT

FOR THE FESTIVAL OF LIGHTS

Danish shipping, oil and retail giant Maersk reinforced
its relationship with Sodexo delivering Gift Passes to
8,000 of the Company's employees in India to celebrate
“Diwali, the festival of lights, one of the most important
celebrations of the Hindu calendar. Sodexo’s solution
enabled Maersk to provide the rewards to its employees
at their workplace and on time for the Diwali celebrations
at the Company's Mumbai headquarters and its Pune
and Chennai regional offices. In addition to simplifying
logistics for our client, the result was a timely benefit for
employees, who welcomed the freedom to choose their
own gift from some 12,000 retail outlets.

LATIN AMERICA - FEMSA RELIES ON SODEXO’S
EXPERIENCE TO REINFORCE EMPLOYEE
ENGAGEMENT

More than 140,000 employees of Coca-Cola FEMSA, the
world’s largest bottling company and FEMSA - Comercio,
operator of OXXO, Latin America’s largest convenience
store, are benefiting from Sodexo’s electronic “Tienda
Pass” food card, which ensures employees and their
families can buy food products. Sodexo also provides
rewards to Coca-Cola FEMSA employees through the
“Premium Pass" gift card, offering the recipient freedom
to choose their own gift at establishments throughout
the Latin American countries in which Coca-Cola FEMSA
operates. Solutions that contribute to improving employee
motivation, attraction and retention

Among our clients...
BANKS ~ INSURANCE ~ CORPORATE SERVICES

Adecco: Argentina, Bulgaria, France, Germany, Mexico,
Spain, Tunisia

AXA: Germany, India

Groupe BNP Paribas: Czech Republic, France, Germany,
Mexico, Spain, Tunisia

Groupe HSBC: Mexico

Groupe ING: Belgium, Slovakia
KPMG: Belgium, Vietnam

Postal Savings Bank of China: China

PriceWaterHouseCoopers: Bulgaria, France, Germany,
Luxembourg, Mexico, Vietnam

Société Générale: Bulgaria, Tunisia

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

IT - ELECTRONICS
Accenture: Slovakia

Alcatel-Lucent: India, Tunisia, Turkey, Venezuela
Cap Gemini: India

Flextronics: India, Mexico, Romania
Hewlett-Packard: Bulgaria, India, Tunisia, Turkey
LM Ericson: Bulgaria, Tunisia, Turkey

Microsoft: Czech Republic

Nokia: Hungary, Tunisia, Vietnam

Oracle: Philippines, Tunisia, Venezuela

Samsung Electronics: Indonesia, Philippines, Spain,
Tunisia, Venezuela

SAP: Bulgaria, Germany, India, Luxembourg, Spain

SERPRO (Servico Federal de Processamento de Dados)
Brazil

Sonda Procwork: Brazil

CONSUMER GOODS

Coca-Cola: Bulgaria, Luxembourg
FEMSA (Coca-Cola FEMSA): Mexico
Henkel: India

Johnson & Johnson: Philippines

La Polar: Chile, Venezuela

UOréal: Romania, Turkey

Nestlé: Czech Republic, Tunisia, Venezuela, Vietnam
PepsiCo: Romania

Procter & Gamble: Philippines, Tunisia

Spal Industria Brasileira de Bebidas, SA (Coca-Cola
FEMSA subsidiary): Brazil

Unilever: Bulgaria, Spain, Tunisia, Venezuela

INDUSTRY - ENERGY

CHESF (Companhia Hidro-Elétrica do Sdo Francisco)
Brazil

COMAC (Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China): China
Eli Lilly: Czech Republic, Mexico, Philippines, Venezuela

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013

75


--- Page 73 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

General Motors: United Kingdom
GlaxoSimthKline: Indonesia, Mexico
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (India)
Lufthansa: Germany, Tunisia

National Railways (Hungary)

Pfizer: Indonesia, Tunisia, Venezuela

INCENTIVES AND RECOGNITION PROGRAMS

KEY FIGURE

5 million beneficiaries

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

ENHANCING ORGANIZATIONAL PERFORMANCE
THROUGH QUALITY OF LIFE

Sodexo is accelerating its development of incentive
programs, providing companies with customized tools
to unite and motivate employees around common
objectives and to reward their efforts. Clients can easily
and efficiently manage programs to increase sales,
manage a partner network or promote good safety
practices in a factory

In providing support at each step - program design, follow-
up assessment, event communications, selection and
delivery of rewards — based on its knowledge of beneficiary
priorities.

Sodexo helps clients improve performance and achieve
their goals through effective programs that motivate and
reward their teams

Ef Focus on...

INTERNATIONAL - FOCUSING SODEXO’S GLOBAL
EXPERTISE TO DELIVER WINNING SOLUTIONS

Four international centers of expertise dedicated to
incentive offers were created in Belgium for Europe, in
Colombia for Latin America, in India for Asia and in the

Schneider Electric: France, Indonesia, Spain, Tunisia,
Vietnam

Siemens: France, Germany, Romania, Tunisia, Turkey
Toyota Motors: Philippines, Spain, Turkey, Venezuela
Tunisair (Tunisia)

Volkswagen: Romania, Tunisia, Venezuela

U.S. for North America. Their role is to provide support
to Sodexo Benefits and Rewards Services teams in
the countries where the activity is present. They also
provide support to multinational clients in the design,
implementation and monitoring of their programs to
reward the performance and loyalty of their teams.

Flexible and varied, these programs respond to diverse
needs and deliver value to employees through rapid and
easy-to-use Internet-based rewards platforms.

For example, Sodexo has:

e promoted Company culture and values at one of the
largest U.S.-based payroll companies through peer-to-
peer and management recognition;

© Encouraging performance improving and cost-saving
employee behaviors (safety, wellness, customer
satisfaction, quality, attendance) at an IT company in
India with 28,000 users.

In response to client requests, Sodexo can renew and propose
incentive programs at the national and international level
to encourage and reward performance. Through their
use of Internet-based platforms and customer support,
our Incentive programs provide companies with more
effective tools for increasing sales, managing partner
networks and motivating employees through recognition

For example, Sodexo has custom-designed programs
strengthening channel partner relationships for a major
European tire company planning to launch regular
campaigns to increase brand penetration within their
distribution channels.

Sodexo today is managing over 350 major programs
around the world.

76 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 74 ---

Key contract win

POLAND - GOOGLE SEARCH RESULTS: EFFECTIVELY
CUSTOMIZED INCENTIVES PROGRAM!

At the end of 2012, Sodexo's Benefits and Rewards Services
Polish team concluded a partnership with Google Poland
A few weeks later, in January 2013, a new incentive pilot
program was born

The client had identified a potential, untapped opportunity
to encourage advertising agency partners to promote new
products and features used by Google in its AdWords
online advertising system. The goal: create a tailored
program to motivate Google's advertising partners.

For a target group of Google customers, Sodexo set
up a complete and customized on-line incentive
solution. The range of services included construction
of the mechanism, legal counsel, web site design, an
online catalog of customized awards, daily program
management and support services and advising Google
managers.

After six months of use, promotion of Google products
and features had increased and even exceeded the client's
expectations and the Sodexo-designed program had
received positive reviews from account managers. The
results convinced Google to expand the pilot program to
additional advertising agencies in Poland and implement
the program internationally, in Italy, Russia and Brazil

Among our clients...

BANKS - INSURANCE - CORPORATE SERVICES
Adecco: Argentina, France, Mexico, Tunisia

AXA: India, Indonesia

Groupe BNP Paribas: Argentina, Bulgaria, France, Tunisia
Groupe HSBC: Argentina, Indonesia

Manpower: Tunisia

Société Générale: Tunisia

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

IT - ELECTRONICS
Alcatel-Lucent: India, Tunisia

Cap Gemini: India

Flextronics: India

Hewlett-Packard: India, Indonesia, Vietnam
Microsoft: Czech Republic

Nokia: Hungary

Samsung Electronic: Indonesia, Philippines, Tunisia
SAP: India, Spain

Vodafone: Romania

CONSUMER GOODS

Coca-Cola: Bulgaria, Tunisia

Johnson & Johnson: Bulgaria, Philippines, Tunisia
UOréal: Romania, Tunisia, Turkey

Nestlé: Czech Republic, Hungary, Indonesia, Tunisia,
Venezuela

PepsiCo: Romania

Procter & Gamble: Argentina, Tunisia, Vietnam
Unilever: Philippines, Spain, Tunisia
INDUSTRY - ENERGY

AstraZeneca: Mexico, Tunisia

Eli Lilly: Mexico, Philippines, Venezuela
GlaxoSmithKline: Indonesia

Pfizer: Tunisia, Venezuela

Schneider Electric: France, Indonesia, Tunisia
Siemens: France

Toyota Motors: Indonesia, Philippines

Volkswagen: Bulgary, Romania, Tunisia

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013

a


--- Page 75 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

PUBLIC BENEFITS

KEY FIGURE

1 9 million beneficiaries

Source: Sodexo.

Our offer

IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE THROUGH OPTIMIZED
SOCIAL WELFARE PROGRAMS

Through its Public Benefits solutions, Sodexo simplifies
access to basic services, culture or residential support
services for millions of people worldwide.

With an objective to be the partner of choice for local
governments, Sodexo designs simple, transparent and
effective responses to facilitate management, optimize
budget resources and help clients achieve their social
policy, cultural or educational objectives. In promoting
the development of the local economy, Sodexo also
contributes to the creation of enduring employment.

Examples include Culture Pass, which offers students
access to sports and cultural activities, Education Pass,
helping families to provide learning support for their
young children and CESU Pass, offering residence-based
assistance to seniors or to individuals with disabilities.

Ef Focus on...

GERMANY - EDUCATIONAL BENEFITS CARD PUTS
SODEXO AT THE HEAD OF THE CLASS

The German government sought an effective means
of improving access to education for children from
low-income families and facilitating their integration
into social and cultural life.

The “educational package” (Bildungspaket) entitles
2.5 million beneficiaries to access several types of benefit
programs ~- including class trips, lunch and tutoring
programs and socio-cultural programs. The educational
package's implementation is organized locally by the
county or city councils and differs in all 440 communes
in Germany.

To efficiently manage funds, the administration decided
to provide the benefits as payment in kind through direct
payment or vouchers and card systems to affiliates
Ensuring data security and records management were
paramount for the clients.

In response, Sodexo developed an entirely online electronic
payment program. The simple to use system offers
greater security than traditional prepaid card systems
The program also allows beneficiaries to more easily
find affiliates through an online search feature and the
choice of a “smart card” format for payment facilitates
use by child beneficiaries. Services provided by the
program are specific and customized to individual needs,
enabling beneficiaries to use their card for the services for
which they are eligible and ensuring the target-specific
allocations for the intended purposes

Commenting on the program, German Labour and Social
Affairs Minister, Dr. Ursula von der Leyen said, “/am firmly
convinced that an education benefit card will prove its
value in the long term.”

As a result of its expertise in managing the custom
designed vouchers and electronic cards to support
social and educational programs and its excellent public
benefits reputation, Sodexo Benefits and Reward Services
in Germany was already able to win 15 larger clients,
ensuring non-discriminatory access to education for
around 120,000 potential beneficiaries.

Key contract wins

FRANCE - SUPPORTING INDEPENDENCE

FOR SENIORS AND DISABLED PERSONS

The Sa6ne-et-Loire department awarded Sodexo the
contract to oversee and manage its CESU residential
employment services pre-paid voucher program, aimed at
supporting the independence of elderly and individuals with
disabilities through provision of residential services. The
program benefits 8,000 senior citizens and 300 disabled
persons, with 1,950,000 CESU vouchers issued annually
To respond to its clients’ priorities, Sodexo proposed an
electronic transmission system to efficiently manage the
vouchers across all issuers and communications kits and
a call center to keep beneficiaries informed

78 > Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 76 ---

UNITED KINGDOM - CONTRACT RENEWED

FOR ASYLUM SEEKERS BENEFITS PROGRAM

The UK Home Office renewed Sodexo’s contract to provide
cash and voucher support services for eligible asylum
seekers, a program initiated in 2000. The program
provides benefits to approximately 10,500 people and
added two new payment cards this year for eligible service
users returning to their country of origin.

VENEZUELA - SODEXO’S EXPERTISE EARNS TRUST

The newly elected Bolivarian government in the
northwestern state of Zulia is relying on the social
benefits expertise of Sodexo to optimize the delivery of
food aid to 27,000 beneficiaries. Sodexo designed and
implemented an effective solution to modernize the
existing system, replacing voucher-based delivery with
a Food Pass electronic card. In just three months, a
dedicated team, supported by an information campaign,
succeeded in migrating most beneficiaries and affiliates
to the new system, which improves delivery efficiency,
simplifies administration and lowers costs. In addition,
Sodexo’s country web site further eases the program's use
and administration. Sodexo also is offering beneficiaries
in Zulia its pioneering human resource management
program, Vida Professional, which helps participants
develop professionally through information and training
workshops, lectures and conferences.

www.vidaprofesional.com.ve

Among our clients...

PUBLIC AUTHORITIES
Argentina: Ministry of Social Development of Chaco

Chile: JUNAEB (Junta Nacional de Auxilio Escolar y Becas),
Chile

Czech Republic: Public Health Insurance

France: CAP Conseil Général du RhGne, City of Marseilles,
Conseil Général des Hautes Pyrénées, Pdle Emploi

Tunisia: Central Bank of Tunisia, Ministry of Education,
Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Foreign Affairs

United Kingdom: Ministry of Defense, UK Border Agency

Venezuela: Government of Falcon State, Government of
Yaracuy State, Government of Zulia State

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

1.3.2.3 OUR PERSONAL AND HOME
SERVICES

Our offer

QUALITY OF LIFE FOR ALL AGES
Three types of services

e Childcare
Sodexo designs, builds and manages childcare centers
for local authorities and companies, providing attentive
care and education and helping parents balance family
and work life.

e Concierge services
Sodexo helps to increase employee loyalty toward
its clients by taking on the private to-do lists of
their customers and employees - from restaurant
reservations and ticketing to in-home services,
vacations and dry cleaning.

e Home Care

Home Care services support seniors’ independence
and quality of life in offering customized services to
facilitate daily life, such as mobility assistance, help
with errands, preparation of balanced meals and
medication reminders, personal care, and much more

Market trends

Personal and Home Services responds to four demographic
and social megatrends affecting society and companies
an aging society, shortage of skilled labor, women in the
work force and work-life balance.

CHILDCARE: DEMAND EXCEEDS SUPPLY

In developed countries, parents are facing a scarcity of
affordable childcare solutions, leading many governments
to adopt policies promoting development of childcare
facilities, and companies to seek “turnkey” solutions to
help enhance employee loyalty

A BETTER WORK-LIFE BALANCE

Facing increasingly challenging time constraints, people
are juggling between work and personal life. Companies
that provide support for achieving an improved work-life
balance benefit from happier, more productive employees,
which also translates into increased engagement and
loyalty.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 19


--- Page 77 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

HOME SWEET HOME

As the population ages, the need for in-home assistance
for dependent persons will continue to rise, particularly
given that seniors prefer to remain in their home for as
long as possible.

While government agencies promote in-home care
to control public spending, the private pay segment
continues to grow in response to demand from seniors
prepared to invest personal resources to maintain their
independence and quality of life

Source: Sodexo.

Supporting our client: The Grand H6épital
de Charleroi in Belgium

THERE’S A CONCIERGE IN MY HOSPITAL ROOM!

In offering Sodexo’s concierge services to both
employees and patients, the Grand Hd6pital de
Charleroi (GHdC) is improving quality of life for all,
while increasing its attractiveness as both an employer
and a healthcare provider.

Our client’s needs

In an increasingly competitive market, the Grand Hépital
de Charleroi sought a partner who could help improve
employee work-life balance and patient and family quality
of life.

Sodexo’s response

Through its Circles subsidiary, Sodexo proposed a
concierge services offer on the hospital's largest site to
meet the expectations of hospital employees and patients.
Easily accessed via the concierge desk, phone or Internet,
the wide range of services include dry cleaning, alterations,
shoe repair, reservations, tickets, car wash, ironing,
laundry, administrative tasks, florist services, Vivabox
gifts, organic fruit and vegetable baskets and pet sitting
services. Sodexo also manages the hospital's reception
and information desk.

Results

After one year of operations, this initial concierge services
offer within Belgium's health care sector has met with
a strong, positive response from users, reflected in the
continuous growth of requests. The result is a planned
expansion to all five of the hospital's sites, covering
4,500 employees and all patients and visitors.

“We wanted to meet two challenges: to make life easier
for our nursing and medical staff working under often

difficult conditions and to increase the comfort offered
to our patients and their families. Sodexo has helped us
to build a high-value offering that improves quality of
life for all and helps us differentiate ourselves in a highly
competitive market.”

Michele Pirlot
Operations Department Director
Grand Hépital de Charleroi

Hf Focus on...

FRANCE - IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE THROUGH
HOME CARE FOR SENIORS

Sodexo strengthened its expertise in home care
services for seniors.

Amélis’s four offices and 250 employees, including
230 caregivers, recently became part of Sodexo. Amélis
is specialized in providing a range of customized
services to seniors and dependent persons offering both
companionship and personal care. Services include light
housekeeping, chores, errands, meal preparation, help
in getting up and going to bed, administrative support,
bathing and hygiene assistance, as well as related services
such as tele-assistance through a personal emergency
response system, medical equipment and home meal
delivery

This marks another step in Sodexo's development of
Personal and Home Services in the senior in-home care
market in France.

Highlights

FRANCE - EXPANDED CHILDCARE OFFERS

e Emplouees of insurance company Matmut can now
book childcare places near their home or workplace in
one of the 40 Créche Attitude (a Sodexo subsidiary)
childcare centers in the Paris region. The new
partnership's “network” offer provides the company
with a simple solution for helping employees balance
their professional and family life.

e In January 2013, Créche Attitude launched its new
“Solu’Créche” offer, an alternative childcare solution
providing parents with emergency access to one of
Créche Attitude’s 100 childcare centers in France
when their usual caregiver is unavailable. Employees
of global aerospace leader Thales, whose childcare
centers are already managed by Créche Attitude, were
among the first to benefit from the new offer.

80 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 78 ---

UNITED KINGDOM - IMPROVING QUALITY OF LIFE

FOR SENIORS AND THEIR FAMILIES

e With the October 2012 launch of its subsidiary,
Comfort Keepers, Sodexo entered the UK's home care
market for seniors. Sodexo’s customized professional
services offer focuses on ensuring complete peace of
mind for clients and their family members.

e Sodexo earned Care Quality Commission (CQC)
certification, which ensures that medical and social
care providers are meeting all national standards

UNITED STATES

Expanded in-home care offer now includes
nursing services

Comfort Keepers has introduced Private Duty Nursing,
residence-delivered nursing services that enable clients
to remain longer in their homes. The new service line
extends Comfort Keepers’ offer to include a much fuller
range of services beyond non-medical services such as
Companionship and Personal Care services already offered
to seniors and dependent persons. The extended service
differentiates Sodexo’s offer, moving it into the medical
care arena and has resulted in the addition of trained
nurses to Comfort Keeper teams.

Comfort Keepers recognized with top ranking in

its industry

In its review of America’s top franchise opportunities,
Entrepreneur Magazine ranked Comfort Keepers as the
number one franchise within the senior care category
and number 59 overall among the top 500 franchises
in its Franchise 500° for 2013. The magazine's annual
ranking reveals the impact of the newest trends and the
industries poised for growth based on criteria such as
financial strength and stability, growth rate and size of
the system.

Comfort Keepers’ performance was further recognized
through receipt of “World-Class Franchise™” certification
for the fourth year in a row from the Franchise Research
Institute, a recognition based on feedback from
franchisees

GROUP PRESENTATION 1

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Key contract wins

FRANCE

Sodexo subsidiary Circles is providing virtual concierge
services for 8,000 employees working in the buildings
of SFL, one of Paris’ leading property managers. The
services, provided at the company’s 10 high-end office
buildings include floral services, a babysitting locator and
administrative tasks and are accessible via a customized
app available on computers, touch screens and mobile
devices.

UNITED STATES

Residents of the nationally recognized Mt. San Antonio
Gardens senior living facility in Pomona, California, are
benefiting from onsite concierge services provided by
Sodexo subsidiary Circles, including after-hours support
through a virtual concierge. The client sought to provide
the 460 residents and its 250 employees with a higher
level of support and an improved quality of life experience.

Among our clients...
Altran, Belgium

Amica, United States

Areva, France

Baker & McKenzie, Sweden
Bic, France

Biogaran, France

Biogen Idec, United States
BNP, France

Brown Richards, United States
Campbell's Soup, Canada
Carrefour, France

Coca-Cola, United States

Cox Communications, United States
Diageo, United States

EDF, France

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013

81


--- Page 79 ---

1 GROUP PRESENTATION

Our Group and Our Quality of Life Services

Endicott College, United States Nemours/Alfred |. duPont Hospital for Children, United

Ernst & Young, United States States

European Investment Bank (EIB), Luxembourg Oracle, France

Goodrich, United States Procter & Gamble, United States

Grand H6pital de Charleroi, Belgium PSA, France

Hyundai Card, United States Saab, Sweden

. Sanofi-Pasteur, France
Institut Gustave Roussy, France

Kraft Foods, Sweden Shell, France

Lincoln Motor Company (Ford), United States Siemens, France

UOréal, France St. Jude Medical Inc., United States

Massachusetts General Hospital, United States Thales, France

Merck, France TripAdvisor, United States

Meridian Health, United States UMMC (University of Mississippi Medical Center),
United States
Microsoft, France, United States Virgin Atlantic, United States

Millennium Pharmaceuticals, United States

NCC, Sweden

82 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 80 ---

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 83


--- Page 81 ---



--- Page 82 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL
AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

2.1 THEBETTER 2.5 RANKINGS AND AWARDS 108
TOMORROW PLAN 86 2.5.1 Rankings 108
2.5.2 Awards 108
2.2 WEARE 87
2.2.1 Ourmission, values 2.6 INDICATORS, REPORTING
and ethical principles 87 METHODOLOGY
AND STATUTORY
AUDITORS’ REPORT 111
2.3. WEDO 88
| 2.6.1 Summary of Group Workforce
2.3.1. Our commitments as an employer 88 and Environmental indicators 111
2.3.2 Our commitments to nutrition, 2.6.2 Workforce and Environmental
health and wellness 97 indicators reporting methodology 113
2.3.3. Ourcommitments to local communities 99 2.6.3 Statutory Auditors’ Independent
2.3.4  Ourcommitments to the environment 100 Third-Party Report on the
Consolidated Social, Environmental
and Societal Information 116
24 WEENGAGE 105
2.4.1 Employees 105 2.f DATARELATED TO SODEXO’S
242 Clients 105 ACTIVITIES IN FRANCE 119
2.4.3 Consumers 106
24.4 Suppliers 106
2.4.5 Institutions 107

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 85


--- Page 83 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

The Better Tomorrow Plan

2.1 The Better Tomorrow Plan

Sodexo’s commitments to corporate social responsibility
have always been central to the Group's fundamentals
Today, those fundamentals are the cornerstone of
Sodexo’s development as a responsible company.

True to its mission, Sodexo is committed to improving
the Quality of Life of its employees and all those it
serves throughout the world and contributing to the
economic, social and environmental development of the
communities, regions and countries where it operates.

Sodexo’s Corporate Responsibility roadmap, the
Better Tomorrow Plan (BTP), formalizes its social and
environmental commitments. It allows the Group to track
the plan's implementation in the 80 countries in which
Sodexo operates, and to measure the impact of its social
and environmental commitments.

The Better Tomorrow Plan comprises three core pillars:

We are: the fundamentals that serve as the cornerstone
of a responsible company.

We do: four priority commitments for action.

© our commitment as an employer;

© ourcommitment to nutrition, health and wellness;
© our commitment to local communities;

© our commitment to the environment.

We engage: dialogue and joint actions with our
stakeholders

GOVERNANCE OF THE GROUP’S COMMITMENTS AND PROGRESS
WITHIN THE BETTER TOMORROW PLAN FRAMEWORK

These commitments and improvement initiatives are
primarily driven by two members of the Group Executive
Committee

e Elisabeth Carpentier, Group Executive Vice President
and Chief Human Resources Officer; and

e Damien Verdier, Group Executive Vice President,
Group Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing
Officer, Offer Marketing, Supply Chain and Sustainable
Development.

In addition, Sodexo’s Diversity and Inclusion strategy is
managed by Rohini Anand, Senior Vice President and
Group Chief Diversity Officer who reports directly to
Sodexo CEO Michel Landel.

The activities and progress are monitored by the Group
Executive Committee and Senior Management. To this end,
Sodexo sets objectives for its managers that are linked to
the achievement of its commitments and includes these
elements in their annual performance review.

86 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 84 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

2.2 \We Are

We Are

2.2.1 OUR MISSION, VALUES AND ETHICAL PRINCIPLES

2.2.1.1 OUR MISSION
Our mission is twofold:

e improve the Quality of Life of our employees and all
those we serve;

© contribute to the economic, social and environmental
development of the communities, regions and
countries in which we operate.

2.2.1.2 OUR VALUES AND ETHICAL
PRINCIPLES

The values shared by Sodexo’s 428,000 employees
are: Service Spirit, Team Spirit and Spirit of Progress. Its
ethical principles are loyalty; respect for people and equal
opportunity; transparency and business integrity.

Sodexo’s mission, values and ethical principles provide a
sense of purpose that guides the work of all

Today, 47 years after Sodexo’s creation, they are the
foundation of its commitment, serving as a common
bond for its teams throughout the world.

2.2.1.3 BUSINESS INTEGRITY

We can only achieve our objectives if we remain fully
committed to the highest standards of business integrity

e in 2007, Sodexo published the “Statement of Business
Integrity’ outlining its commitments on ethical
business practices for internal and external audiences;

e in 2011, Sodexo published the “Guide to the Statement
of Business Integrity” with practical guidelines on the
Code of Conduct for managers;

e a Group Ethics Officer was appointed in May 2011,
with responsibility for overseeing Business Integrity
throughout the Group;

e in January 2013, an e-learning module on Business
Integrity for the top 1,200 managers was launched;
it will soon be deployed in all of the countries where
the Group operates

KEY FIGURE

In Fiscal 2013, 98% of employees
worked in countries having
the Sodexo Statement of Business
Integrity available in at least
one official language.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 87


--- Page 85 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

2.3 We Do

We do: our four priorities with commitments to action

© our commitment as an employer; © our commitment to local communities;
© our commitment to nutrition, health and wellness; © our commitment to the environment.

2.3.1 OUR COMMITMENTS AS AN EMPLOYER

Sodexo is a people company. With 428,000 employees, TOTAL WORKFORCE AT THE END OF FISCAL YEAR
itis the 18th largest private employer in the world*. More

than 95% of Sodexo’s employees are in daily contact 2013
with its clients and serve 75 million consumers each day

1 2012 421,391
Sodexo’s success is built on a unique social and economic

model: its ability to contribute to consumers’ Quality of
Life is primarily due to the professionalism, engagement
and dedication of its employees.

2011 391,148

2010 379,137
As an employer, Sodexo is committed to improving the

Quality of Life of its people, offering solid jobs, providing 2009 379,749
employees the means to grow and develop throughout 1 ' ' ' ' '
their career, fostering diversity and inclusion and ensuring 9 100,000 200,000 300,000 400,000 500,000
a supportive work environment. Sodexo fully respects

employees’ fundamental rights and is committed to

ensuring their safety.

WORKFORCE BY GEOGRAPHIC ZONE - FISCAL 2013 WORKFORCE BY AGE GROUP - FISCAL 2013

8% T%

31% 27%
x | a 2 »
37%
md
24% 2h%
‘0

@ North America @ Under 30
@ Continental Europe @ 30-40
@ Rest of the World @ 40-50
@ United Kingdom & Ireland @ 50-60
@ Over 60

* Source: Fortune 500 - July 22, 2073.

88 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 86 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

We Do

WORKFORCE BY CLIENT SEGMENT AND ACTIVITY - FISCAL 2013

ED 97%; 01 sr< Services

Po 4.0% Corporate
LD 2.2% Ebucation

> 15% Heath Care

> 1.0% Remote Sites

D 3% Derense

D 3% Sports aNp Leisure

D 3% Seniors

) 1% Justice

1) 1% Benerits AND Rewarps Services

) 0,5% Personat AND Home Services

) 1,5% Group HEADQUARTERS AND SHARED STRUCTURES

KEY FIGURES

Retention rate for all employees:
68% in Fiscal 2013.
Retention rate for site management:
82% in Fiscal 2013.

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT INCREASES AGAIN

In April 2012, Sodexo carried out its fourth
international Employee Engagement Survey, involving
130,000 employees in 60 countries.

The employee engagement rate - a concept that expresses
both satisfaction and involvement - is a key performance
indicator for Sodexo, which seeks to become one of the
world’s most admired companies by its employees

The survey results indicated significant progress

e forthe second time ina row, the employee engagement
rate increased reaching 57% in 2012;

e the participation rate increased by 13 points, from
56% in 2010 to 69% in 2012.

In early Fiscal 2013, managers presented local survey
results to their teams with the objective of building
tangible action plans. To date, more than 300 initiatives
have been launched. These initiatives allow the Group
to improve Quality of Life for its employees and to
consolidate its performance as an employer on matters
such as absenteeism, health and safety and retention

The next Global Employee Engagement Survey will be
conducted in April 2014.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 89


--- Page 87 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

2.3.1.1 ACCESS TO EMPLOYMENT

Sodexo is the world’s 18th largest private employer and a
leader in the services industry. In many countries, more
than half of the population works in the services sector (in
the United States, the figure has risen to 78%)*.

Sodexo’s continued focus on growth enables it to create
and provide solid jobs throughout the world. Since
Fiscal 2008, the Group’s workforce has grown by 21%.

The jobs Sodexo provides are open to all, regardless of
age, gender, nationality, culture or personal background
Through its commitment to training, development and
internal promotion, Sodexo employees are able to learn a
trade and advance personally and professionally.

Sodexo offers employees stability, continuity and
fulfillment. These strengths are reflected in the high level
of employee satisfaction - 85%** of employees prefer
working for Sodexo to the competition

AUSTRALIA - Closing the gap onIndigenous—_—+|

disadvantage
Sodexo was Australia’s first services company to launch a
Reconciliation Action Plan to increase opportunities and
contribute to social and environmental sustainability
for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities
Working closely with Reconciliation Australia, Sodexo
seeks to ensure that the core pillars of reconciliation —
relationships, respect and equal opportunities - are
integrated throughout the business.

Launched in Fiscal 2011, the action plan commits
Sodexo to increasing the proportion of Indigenous staff
in its workforce from 4% to 10%. The plan also provides
support for business development and community
projects and seeks to improve access to education, sport
and culture. Sodexo in Australia is now implementing
its third action plan within the framework of a ten-year
commitment towards closing the gap on Indigenous
disadvantage.

‘We congratulate Sodexo on this outstanding
commitment, one that shows a truly genuine and
collaborative effort to achieve great outcomes for
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians and
Sodexo alike.” Leah Armstrong, CEO, Reconciliation
Australia

* Measuring Trade in Services, World Trade Organization 2010.

CHILE - Helping at-risk women

join Sodexo teams
On International Women's Day, Sodexo signed an
agreement with ComunidadMujer, which promotes
policies to allow for greater participation of women
in the public and private sectors through female
entrepreneurship and professional development. As part
of this partnership, Sodexo helps to train and improve
working conditions and employability for 20 women
from the community in difficult life situations

KEY FIGURES

Fiscal 2013 hiring for permanent

positions, excluding integration

of employees from other service
providers and acquisitions:

Employees: 1 26,937
Managers: 6,924
Total: 1 33,861

KEY FIGURE

In Fiscal 2013, 21% of Sodexo staff
were under 30 years old.

2.3.1.2 CONTINUOUS TRAINING

Training is critical to performance and growth. Sodexo
invests in ensuring a team of talented professionals
who understand and respond effectively to customer
needs through a strong commitment to training and
development.

All employees, whatever their position and function,
benefit from training throughout their career.

** Employee Engagement Survey 2012 based on a representative sample of 130,000 employees.

90 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 88 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

Employees can choose from an extensive catalogue
of training and development opportunities offered by
the different Sodexo Academies around the world. For
instance, in Fiscal 2013, Sodexo employees in the U.S
had a choice of over 400 training modules

SOUTH AMERICA - Sales Academytraining” _‘|
translates to results
The Benefits and Rewards Sales Academy in South
America supports and enhances the activity’s business
development through effective and innovative training
for sales teams.

The training modules developed by the Academy include
coaching sessions on leadership competencies and
management skills to improve sales performance.

Nearly 40,000 hours of training have been invested
in the Sales Academy. Its contribution to improved
sales performance is tracked through key performance
indicators such as numbers of visits, leads generated
and conversion rates.

GABON - Developing employees,

supporting communities
Anewly opened training center in Libreville allows Sodexo
employees to take courses toward earning a degree
accredited by Gabon’s Ministry of National Education.

Center training programs combine theory and practice
for both existing employees and new recruits, offering
courses for managers, site managers, kitchen and
housekeeping staff and maintenance workers

The new training center is an opportunity to contribute
to the social and economic development of local
communities, in addition to supporting employee
training and development.

We Do

KEY FIGURES

In Fiscal 2013,

35 1 O71 emplouees participated
in at least one training session,

representing 8 3% of average

workforce and nearly 4.8 million
hours of training.

2.3.1.3 CAREER OPPORTUNITIES

Providing opportunities for internal advancement is at the
heart of Sodexo’s employee value proposition and one of
the key ingredients of its success.

Sodexo’s constant growth, range of activities and
diversity of professions multiplies the possibilities for
advancement. For instance, within the On-site Services
activity in France in Fiscal 2013, 1,827 employees were
promoted internally.

Sodexo’s commitment to providing career opportunities
is a key driver of employee motivation. In the 2012
Engagement Survey, 79%* of employees say they feel
they have opportunities to grow within Sodexo.

In Fiscal 2013, Sodexo continued the deployment of
Ingenium, an international talent management system,
which helps Sodexo’s Human Resources team manage the
annual performance review process, succession planning
and the creation of personal development plans. Since
2010, 50% of managers worldwide benefit from this
program, with an objective to reach all managers by 2015

* Employee Engagement Survey 2012 on a representative sample of 130,000 employees.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 91


--- Page 89 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

FRANCE ~ Employee professionalization

a priority
One of Sodexo’s commitments as an employer is to
making the professionalization and promotion of
employees a priority. This commitment has been
specifically addressed in France since 2005 through its
professionalization policy.

As part of the Employee Training Plan, professionalization
periods were instituted to provide employees with
opportunities to earn professional qualifications
The Certificate of Professional Qualification (CPQ) is
recognized by the French government and enables
graduates to develop their employability

The CPQ offers varied professionalization opportunities
to all employees such as becoming a site manager,
a chef, a qualified foodservices employee and, since
Fiscal 2013, a housekeeper.

Since 2005, 1,400 employees have obtained a
certificate. In Fiscal 2013, 300 employees participated
in the CPQ program

H INTERNATIONAL - Developing leaders

The Sodexo Management Institute (SMI), one of the
first management training centers, accompanies
Sodexo’s top 1,200 managers in further developing their
leadership skills. The Institute training modules combine
on-the-job learning projects, face-to-face sessions and
e-learning

Anew program, “Sofocus’ was rolled out in Fiscal 2013
Its goal is to support the deployment of Sodexo’s
strategic Quality of Life positioning. As of August 2013,
four sessions have been organized with a total of
350 participants

KEY FIGURE

In Fiscal 2013, 1 848 front-line staff
were promoted to site management.

2.3.1.4 SUPPORTIVE WORK
ENVIRONMENT

Sodexo has unrivaled expertise in improving Quality of
Life in the workplace. Naturally, Sodexo’s own employees
also benefit from this expertise.

Whether they work in schools, hospitals, factories, prisons
or on offshore platforms, employees work better if they
are provided with a supportive, stable and healthy working
environment. Sodexo’s long-term commitment to its
employees’ Quality of Life is reflected in the importance
placed on the quality of the managerial relationship,
the protection of employees’ health and safety and the
assistance provided to help them maintain an appropriate
work-life balance

Hf UNITED STATES - Support for daily life

Sodexo’s “LifeWorks” offer provides personal and
professional resources to U.S. employees and their
families to help them manage life’s daily challenges
From dependent care to financial assistance to planning
a special vacation, “LifeWorks” professional consultants
are accessible by telephone 24/7 to every employee.

The “LifeWorks” website offers employees information
resources, chat rooms and workshops covering a wide
variety of subjects, highlighting a specific topic each
month. Among the most commonly discussed topics
are childcare, caring for family members who are elderly
or have disabilities, financial or legal issues and health-
related concerns.

Launched in 2010, this initiative has proven
highly successful with 21,856 employees seeking
help from “LifeWorks” in Fiscal 2013, generating
1,469 consultations of which 881 were in person

KEY FIGURE

8 5% of employees say
that their physical work environment
is appropriate to the type of work
they perform on a daily basis.

* Employee Engagement Survey 2012 based
ona representative sample of 130,000 employees.

92 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 90 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

2.3.1.5 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH
AND SAFETY

Health and safety is a strategic priority for Sodexo and
integral to the Group's mission to improve Quality of Life.
Sodexo is committed to providing safe working conditions
and safe services that do not cause injury or illness. The
Group believes that integrating health and safety into
everything it does is essential to minimize risk to people
and property.

Recognising the critical importance of leadership for
health and safety, Sodexo’s Health and Safety governance
is led by the Group Chief Executive Officer and monitored
by the Board of Directors.

Sodexo’s global health and safety management system,
defined by the Group Health and Safety Director and
approved by the Chief Executive Officer and the Executive
Committee is based on OHSAS 18001*. It comprises three
fundamental components; the Group Health and Safety
Policy, the Group Health and Safety Core Processes and
the Group Health and Safety Reference Standards. The
management system as a whole provides the framework
to deliver the Group Health and Safety Policy expectations
within each business entity. The Group Reference
Standards define minimum global standards for specific
health and safety topics and risks associated with the
services that are provided.

All employees are expected to personally demonstrate
their commitment to support and improve the health and
safety culture: Every meeting, for example, is expected
to start with a safety moment which, at a minimum,
communicates the health and safety arrangements to
all of the attendees.

We Do

INTERNATIONAL - SALUS Global health

and safety software platform
Learning from health and safety incidents drives
continuous improvement and is a mandatory expectation
defined in Sodexo’s Health and Safety Policy. Given the
Group’s global scale and the wide range of Quality of
Life services provided, the use of technology is essential
for effectively sharing this information between teams.

Salus is the Group’s global health and safety software
platform used by employees around the world to
share experiences, helping to prevent accidents and
continuously improve health and safety performance.
It generates KPIs that are used to track progress and to
define appropriate actions.

KEY FIGURES 2

Fiscal 2013 employee work-related

accidents: 7, 305, a 4% decrease
compared to Fiscal 2012.

In Fiscal 2013, 1 ( countries

representing 18% ot Group revenues
held one or more OHSAS 18001
certification (occupational health
and safety)*.

2.3.1.6 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

For Sodexo, diversity and inclusion is an economic
imperative and a fundamental component of the
Company's overall growth strategy. In providing services
to 75 million consumers around the world, Sodexo
employees must understand their backgrounds and be
attentive to their needs. In order to deliver innovative
and effective services that improve the Quality of Life for
clients and consumers, the composition of Sodexo teams
must reflect the diversity of the population they serve

* Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series is an international management system standard. An ISO Project Committee is
currently working on transforming OHSAS 18007 into an ISO standard, fully consistent with the ISO international management system
standards (examples: ISO 9001 for Quality and ISO 14007 for environment).

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 93


--- Page 91 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

In order to make diversity and inclusion a strategic priority,

Sodexo has identified five key areas of focus:

e gender: expand the representation, engagement and
development of women in leadership and operational

positions;

e generations: build awareness and identify new
opportunities to increase generational representation
and a culture of effective working relationships across

generations;

e ethnic minorities: strive to ensure that Sodexo’s
workforce reflects the diversity of its consumers and

clients;

e people with disabilities: recruit, engage, develop and
provide accommodations for employees with special

needs;

e respect for sexual orientation and gender identity
foster an inclusive environment in which Lesbian, Gay,
Bisexual and Transgender employees can “bring their

whole selves to work”

Sodexo has identified several main drivers to support
its commitments: ensuring and strengthening the
commitment of leaders; increasing recruitment,
development, engagement and retention of top talent;
fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion developed at
all levels and in all functions; and making diversity and

inclusion a source of competitive advantage

KEY FIGURES

Since Fiscal 2009, representation
of women in Sodexo’s Senior Leaders

has risen from 18% to 23%.
The goal for 2015 is 25%.

38% of women on the Board
of Directors.

42 % of women
in all management positions.

54% of women in total workforce.

GENDER DISTRIBUTION FOR MANAGERS
AND NON-MANAGERS FOR FISCAL 2013

Total employees: 427,921
231,719 196,202

Management: 48,885
E> 20,605 28,280

Employees: 379,036

211,114 167,922

0% 20% 40% 60% 80% 100%

@ Women Men

INTERNATIONAL - Global Task Force

on Diversity and Inclusion
The 50-member Diversity and Inclusion Global Task
Force was launched six years ago to develop and
implement global initiatives supporting Sodexo’s
ongoing commitment to diversity and inclusion

Sodexo measures progress and success through a
scorecard that tracks both quantitative and qualitative
accountability to ensure the continued sourcing,
development and retention of a diverse and highly skilled
workforce.

Leadership commitment

Sodexo integrates diversity and inclusion into its
programs, policies and practices at every level of the
organization. Sodexo's leadership teams are committed
to ensuring that diversity and inclusion is embedded in
everyday business activities, from recruiting the best
talent to providing consumers and clients with the most
innovative services.

94 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 92 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

INTERNATIONAL - Sodexo Women’s

International Forum for talent
The cornerstone of Sodexo’'s strategy for gender balance
and the advancement of women is SWIFt - the Sodexo
Women’s International Forum for talent. Launched four
years ago by Michel Landel, Sodexo Chief Executive
Officer, SWIFt brings together 28 senior women leaders
representing 14 different nationalities and all areas of
the organization to increase women’s representation
in leadership positions through tangible initiatives and
actions in support of a specific target: 25% female
representation among Sodexo’s Senior Leaders by 2015.

The Steering Committee focuses on key themes,
including internal and external communications, the
raising of awareness within the organization, leadership
and pipeline development, work flexibility and the

development of diversity and inclusion networks.

A shared culture

Sodexo strives each day to foster a culture of diversity
that respects differences, enhances ideas and encourages
sharing of individual experiences in order to increase
the engagement of teams and the effectiveness of the
Company's strategy

INTERNATIONAL - 2013 International

Women’s Day
Every year on March 8, Sodexo celebrates International
Women's Day under the leadership of Sodexo Women’s
International Forum for talent to celebrate the
achievements of women: past, present and future.

Sodexo's initiatives for 2013 include an eight-day online
showcase of insights from 12 women on Quality of Life -
Sodexo clients, employees and opinion leaders - from
Brazil, Chile, the United States, India, France, Austria
and Italy and from across different sectors, including
defense, justice, education and corporations.

In addition, Sodexo has asked the OECD to provide a
comprehensive and objective overview of women’s
perceptions of Quality of Life. This overview draws on
and analyzes the Better Life Index, a unique indicator
launched by the OECD in 2011.

In Fiscal 2013, close to 30 entities from North America,
Central and South America, Europe and Asia brought
their own perspectives and priorities to the day’s

celebrations.

We Do

KEY FIGURE

In Fiscal 2013, 1 8 networks worldwide
promoted diversity and inclusion.

Innovative partnerships

Diversity and inclusion is a source of competitive
advantage - and a key component of Sodexo’s long-term
growth strategy. It is embedded in all aspects of business,
through the development of 44 innovative partnerships
with clients and with national and international
institutions. Examples include the International Labour
Organization (ILO) Global Business and Disability Network,
AFIP in France to promote the inclusion of recent graduates
from ethnic minorities and Pride at Work Canada, a
professional organization created to support the lesbian,
gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community in
Canadian workplaces.

BRAZIL - Innovative ways to support employees]
with disabilities
As a diversity friendly company, Sodexo is committed to
supporting its 668 employees with disabilities in Brazil
at every moment of their professional life

Teams have designed key innovations to facilitate the
inclusion of disabled colleagues such as the simultaneous
presentation of all employee videos in sign language and
the creation of a series of videos that raise awareness
integrate people with disabilities into the workplace.

Policies and procedures also are being reviewed to ensure
equitable treatment and support for individuals with
disabilities

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 95


--- Page 93 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

2.3.1.7 CONSTRUCTIVE LABOR
RELATIONS

Since its creation, Sodexo has always maintained
excellent social dialogue with its employees and their
representatives in the countries where the Company
operates. Such dialogue:

e corresponds to Sodexo’s core values;

e contributes to the long-term economic and social
development of the Company;

e supports growth and contributes to the attainment of
strategic objectives

For over 10 years, Sodexo has maintained an excellent
dialogue with the International Union of Food Workers
(IUF) andin December 2011 became the first international
company to sign an International Framework Agreement
with IUF.

In addition, Sodexo organizes annually a meeting of
the European Works Council, which includes employee
representatives from 22 countries, and a quarterly
meeting of the Council's Executive Committee to discuss
topics of common interest such as senior employees.

Sodexo is committed to respecting the right of employees
to join the trade union of their choice or not as they so
choose and to bargain collectively, free from any form of
retaliation that might impair their ability to exercise their
trade union rights as defined by the International Labour
Organization (ILO).

2.3.1.8 HUMAN RIGHTS

Sodexo recognizes that companies have a responsibility
to respect human rights as outlined in the United Nations
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. As a
signatory to the United Nations Global Compact and in
accordance with the OECD Guidelines for Multinational
Enterprises, Sodexo is committed to respecting Human

Rights in every country where it operates, as informed
by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the
ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights
at Work.

In 2010, Sodexo drafted the Sodexo Charter concerning
Fundamental Rights at Work and implemented a global
program that includes mechanisms for performing
assessments and action plans to ensure consistent
communication and implementation of Sodexo's
commitments across the globe. The four fundamental
rights at work are:

e freedom of association and the effective recognition
of the right to collective bargaining;

e elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor;

e effective abolition of child labor;

e elimination of discrimination in respect of employment
and occupation

INTERNATIONAL - Fundamental Rights
at Work e-learning module

In January 2013, a 30-minute e-learning module on
Fundamental Rights at Work was launched for the
top 1,200 managers worldwide. This module, which
reviews the commitments outlined in the Sodexo Charter
concerning Fundamental Rights at Work, includes
interactive examples to challenge and inform managers
on the importance of respect for global labor standards
in accordance with local laws

KEY FIGURE

In Fiscal 2013, 94% of employees
worked in countries having the Human
Rights policy available in at least one
official language.

96 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 94 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

We Do

2.3.2 OUR COMMITMENTS TO NUTRITION,

HEALTH AND WELLNESS

As a world leader in Quality of Life services, Sodexo
plays a key role in the consumption habits of 75 million
consumers. Sodexo's commitments to nutritional
education, balanced diet, health and wellness are the
cornerstone of its offer. Sodexo has identified three
commitments to actively promote nutrition, health and
wellness:

e “We will develop and promote health and wellness
services for clients, consumers and employees in all
countries where we operate by 2015";

e “We will advocate balancing meal options at all client
sites by 2016";

e “We will provide and promote menu choices with a
reduced intake of sugar, salt and fats at all client sites
by 2015”,

Hf FOOD SAFETY

Sodexo’s global Food Safety and Hygiene Policy defines
a management framework for food safety consistent
with ISO 22000 (food safety) that incorporates good
hygiene practices and generic HACCP (Hazard Analysis
and Critical Control Points) controls. Requirements
of the system include health monitoring, hygiene,
management of food suppliers, training, audits, food
service facilities and equipment, inventory control and
verification of use-by dates and temperature

All Sodexo food service operations are required to
implement the Global Food Safety & Hygiene Policy
Progress is tracked using Key Performance Indicators in
the following areas; Food Supplier Authorization, Food
Safety Training, Food Safety Audits and Food Safety
Incident Tracking.

KEY FIGURES

In Fiscal 2013, 1 2 countries

representing 6 5 % of On-site
Services revenues had one or more
ISO 22000 certification (food safety).

2.3.2.1 HEALTH AND WELLNESS

The promotion of health and wellness improves Quality of
Life by reducing chronic diseases such as diabetes, heart
disease and high blood pressure (hypertension), each of
which are prevalent and increasing in both developed and
developing countries

INTERNATIONAL - Wellness Program

for Offshore employees
Sodexo developed Well Track, an innovative well-being
solution for the Oil and Gas offshore industry. Through
a comprehensive incentives-based program, offshore
workers are constantly encouraged and rewarded for
getting and staying in shape - at work and on leave,
both physically and mentally

Well Track, the Wellness program for offshore employees
includes a three-pronged approach for Wellness:

e individually tailored fitness program;
© motivation incentives; and
virtual concierge services.

During the pilot phase Sodexo was also able to track
and measure the impact work/life initiatives had during
home leave on the participants as fitness initiatives and
engagement in wellness activities increased with the
intervention of a coach and home-based coaching.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 97

2


--- Page 95 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

2.3.2.2 BALANCING MEAL OPTIONS

With more than 4,900 dietitians, Sodexo is the largest
private sector employer of these professionals in the
world

Through online best practices sharing capabilities, Sodexo
managers around the globe can access recipes and menus
that meet the Companu’s nutritional criteria and respond
to increasing consumer requests for healthy food choices.
For example, Sodexo has recently introduced a global offer,
Equi-Lunch, designed to meet the needs of consumers
at work interested in increasing their vegetable-based
options. The offer is adapted by chefs to meet local tastes
in their country.

Hf INTERNATIONAL - Sodexo’s 10 Golden Rules

Pilot programs in several countries, including France,
Norway, Gabon and Chile, have provided valuable
insights that will be used to develop the company-wide
roll out of Sodexo’s “10 Golden Rules for Nutrition, Health
and Wellness.” Materials prepared by these countries,
and feedback from consumers, will be shared so that
countries can apply the rules in a customized manner
that meets their needs, cultures and standards.

INTERNATIONAL - Dietitian virtual

network
Sodexo links dietitians to regularly exchange information,
experiences and best practices. The network facilitates
collaboration on projects including menu development
and ensuring recipes meet nutritional standards. The
global group works together to create educational
programming aimed at preventing diet-related chronic
diseases, such as obesity or diabetes. This network
has currently been deployed in 11 countries (Australia,
Austria, Brazil, France, Gabon, India, Malaysia, Sweden,
Thailand, United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom)
and will be progressively deployed to the rest of the
Group.

KEY FIGURE

4,904 dietitians employed
by Sodexo.

2.3.2.3 LESS SUGAR, SALT AND FATS

Many countries’ populations have intake levels of sugar,
salt and fats that are higher than both international and
national recommendations

Sodexo has taken numerous actions as part of its
commitment to “provide and promote choices with
reduced sugar, salt and fats at all client sites by 2015’
including looking at ways to reduce salt content across
the entire food chain, from suppliers to end consumers

HE NORTH AMERICA - Working with suppliers

Turkey burgers, often considered and promoted as a
lean alternative to beef, can be extremely high in fat
and loaded with sodium. Sodexo Supply Management
worked with producer Jennie-O to create a healthier
and popular alternative. Sodexo has sold more than
4.8 million reduced-salt turkey burgers over the last two
years, eliminating one ton of salt and 74 tons of fat from
consumer diets as it continues to engage with suppliers
to improve the nutritional value of its menu offers.

H EUROPE - Working with suppliers

Soup is perceived as a healthy, hearty comfort food
but often contains levels of sodium that approach the
maximum recommended daily level. Sodexo worked with
Unilever to convert all beef, chicken and vegetable soup
bases to a lower sodium version

98 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 96 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

We Do

2.3.3 OUR COMMITMENTS TO LOCAL COMMUNITIES

Since its founding, Sodexo has worked to contribute to the
economic and social development of the communities,
regions and countries where it operates. Sodexo is
committed to making a positive impact through its
activities on local people’s Quality of Life.

Sodexo has three commitments to local communities:

e “We will fight hunger, malnutrition and food waste
through our STOP Hunger initiative in all countries
where we operate by 2020,”

e “We will promote the economic development of diverse
and inclusive businesses through our Supply Chain
Inclusion Program in all the countries where we operate
by 2020;”

e “We will increase the purchase of products from fairly
traded certified sources by 2015”

2.3.3.1 FIGHT AGAINST HUNGER
AND MALNUTRITION

STOP Hunger is Sodexo's long-standing global program
to combat hunger and malnutrition

As a global company with strong local presence, Sodexo
understands that these issues are complex, interrelated
and that the causes ~ and therefore the solutions - vary
by country and region. For these reasons, Sodexo seeks
to make a lasting contribution by mobilizing all of its
teams and expertise, working with host communities and
local partners.

Sodexo’s approach is based on two key elements:

e local engagement of employees through various
opportunities, including financial donations, food
drives and volunteering their time;

e a “solutions” oriented approach that addresses
the different aspects of hunger and malnutrition
by involving Sodexo’s entire ecosystem, including
employees, clients, suppliers, consumers, associations
and social entrepreneurs

INTERNATIONAL - Employees worldwide

make Servathon 2013 a success
In April 2013, Sodexo teams in 25 countries participated
in the annual Servathon campaign. Throughout the
month, more than 30,000 employees volunteered over
70,000 hours and served more than 450,000 meals

Examples of 2013 Servathon activities include:

e Sodexo employees in Peru developed a number of
activities to promote and educate consumers about
the superior nutritional characteristics and health
benefits of quinoa, preparing special dishes and
serving quinoa-based meals in schools;

e in the U.S., several initiatives have focused
on connecting with young people. More than
34,000 young volunteers have participated in
activities ranging from collecting and serving food
to raising funds and increasing awareness about
hunger issues;

e employees at Sodexo offices in Mumbai, Pune and

Bangalore and client sites in India sold organic
mangoes to raise funds for NGOs working towards

ending hunger and helping those less fortunate.

KEY FIGURE

In Fiscal 2013, 42 countries deployed
the STOP Hunger initiative.

2.3.3.2 SUPPLY CHAIN INCLUSION
PROGRAM

Sodexo reinforced its long-standing commitment
to support local community development in 2013,
Jaunching a Supply Chain Inclusion Program and setting
a commitment to achieve program goals in all countries
where it operates by 2020.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013

99


--- Page 97 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

The Supply Chain Inclusion Program leverages best
practices from Sodexo operations around the world
(including Australia, Canada, India, Peru, the UK and the
U.S.) to develop strong and sustainable relationships with
suppliers in one or more of the following categories

e@ Small and Medium Enterprises (SME's) including social
and micro-enterprises;

e suppliers from minority and other under-represented
and/or protected groups;

e major Sodexo suppliers demonstrating a diverse
workforce composition, actively embracing diversity
and inclusion and promoting local supply chain
inclusion

2.3.3.3 FAIRLY TRADED CERTIFIED
PRODUCTS

Sodexo contributes to improved Quality of Life in
developing countries by giving preference in purchasing
to products that meet its standards for fairly traded
products. To achieve this, Sodexo works to clearly identify
and label “fairly traded certified products” throughout the
supply chain.

INTERNATIONAL - Fairly traded

hot beverages
Sodexo’s Aspretto offer of organic and fairly traded teas
and coffees is now available on 866 sites in 19 countries
representing 84% of Group revenues. A portion of
revenues generated by these sales is donated annually
to support Sodexo’s STOP Hunger program. Through the
efforts of the Company's Supply Chain and Marketing
teams, and supported by the Aspretto offer, the share
of fairly traded certified coffee has more than doubled
since Fiscal 2009

KEY FIGURE

The percentage of certified fairly traded
coffee served by Sodexo (as measured
in kilograms) has increased every year,

reaching 24% in Fiscal 2013.

2.3.4 OUR COMMITMENTS TO THE ENVIRONMENT

Sodexo works to reduce environmental impacts at
client sites, promote sustainable sourcing practices and
optimize natural resource consumption

Sodexo has identified eight commitments in four areas
for protecting the environment:

Sustainable supply chain practices:

e “We will ensure compliance with our Global Sustainable
Supply Chain Code of Conduct in all countries where
we operate by 2015;”

e “We will source local, seasonal or sustainably grown
or raised products in all countries where we operate
by 2015,”

e “We will source sustainable fish and seafood in all
countries where we operate by 2015,”

e “We will source and promote sustainable equipment
and supplies in all countries where we operate by
2020"

Energy and emissions practices:

e “We will reduce our carbon footprint in all countries
where we operate and at client sites by 2020”
Water reduction practices:

e “We will reduce our water footprint in all countries
where we operate and at client sites by 2020”

100 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 98 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

Materials and waste practices:

e “We will reduce organic and non-organic waste in all
countries where we operate and at client sites by
2015,”

e “We will support initiatives to recover organic and non-
organic waste.”

KEY FIGURES

In Fiscal 2013, 28 countries

representing 50% of Group revenues
of countries had one or more
ISO 14001 certifications
(environmental management).

2.3.4.1 SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN

Sodexo works continually to improve its supply chain
with a strong focus on its sourcing, traceability and
transparency

Supply Chain Code of Conduct

Sodexo’s Supplier Code of Conduct addresses issues
identified through the United Nations Guiding Principles
for Business and Human Rights such as fundamental
rights at work, business ethics, employee health and
safety and environmental management practices.

Sodexo requires all suppliers, regardless of their size, to
comply with this Code. Key suppliers are also asked to
regularly update Sodexo buyers on their projects and
progress on their sustainable development commitments.

We Do

Hf INTERNATIONAL - Online Registration Tool

Sodexo is reinforcing compliance with its Global
Sustainable Supply Chain Code of Conduct through
the introduction of an online registration tool. This tool
leverages the power of technology to monitor progress
through an electronic database of signatories and
accelerates compliance by enabling suppliers to sign
the Code online.

A global online supplier assessment process is being
introduced

KEY FIGURE

As of Fiscal 2013, 8 5 % of contracted
suppliers have signed a supplier Code
of Conduct.

Local, seasonal or sustainable products

Sodexo is working with the WWF (World Wildlife Fund) to
develop a sustainable sourcing strategy for the following
priority commodities: fruits and vegetables, palm oil, soy,
beef and dairy

In April 2012, the Company launched the deployment
of its work on sustainable palm oil through issuance of
a position paper and a range of implementation tools
Applicable in all countries where Sodexo operates, this
commitment requires that all frying oil and margarine
will be sourced from certified sustainable palm oil by
2015 or, where not immediately possible, offset through
GreenPalm* certificates.

Development of positions and deployment plans for each
of the remaining commodities is underway

* GreenPalm is an online certificate-trading program supporting the production of sustainable palm oil exclusively endorsed by the
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), a not-for-profit association that unites stakeholders from seven sectors of the palm oil
industry to develop and implement global standards for sustainable palm oil.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 101


--- Page 99 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

EUROPE - Sustainable sourcing for fruit
and vegetables

Sodexo’s European supply chain teams have continued
with their work to improve the sustainability of fruit and
vegetable sourcing. Suppliers for bananas, pineapples
and oranges meet three criteria

e signature of the Group Supplier Code of Conduct;
© GlobalGAP* certification;

© guaranteed country of origin sourcing.

KEY FIGURES

As of Fiscal 2013, 1 5 countries

representing 3 6% of On-site Services
revenues selected products
that support the development
of a sustainable palm oil industry.

Sustainable fish and seafood

Sodexo’s strategy for sustainable seafood seeks to protect
this important resource by:

e@ maintaining a wide variety of sustainable species in
catalogues and menus;

© protecting species identified as being at risk by removing
them from the supply chain where no improvement
processes are in place or by implementing control
measures;

e increasing the use of Eco-standards to guarantee
respect of sustainability criteria for both farm-raised
and wild caught fish;

e establishing sustainable supply for aquaculture in
accordance with the highest environmental and social
standards;

e collaborating with the WWF and working with other
NGOs for technical advice on Sodexo’s sustainable
seafood sourcing. WWF advises the Company on
sourcing both wild caught and farm-raised fish

INTERNATIONAL - Implementation

of MSC global agreement advances
Sodexo has a worldwide agreement with the Marine
Stewardship Council (MSC), an independent non-profit
organization, which offers a certification program for
maintaining healthy fish stocks and reducing ecosystem
impacts of fisheries for wild-caught fish. MSC’s Chain
of Custody Certification assures Sodexo and its clients
and consumers that certified seafood is not mixed with
or substituted for non-certified seafood at any step of
the chain

Achievements in Fiscal 201 3 include: MSC certification for
four sites in Belgium, including the European Parliament
and a central kitchen serving 200 schools; two central
kitchens for schools in France serving 49 schools; and
the launch of a pilot program on 10 Corporate sites and
higher education sites in the U.S. In the Washington, D.C.
metro area alone, the program reaches more than one
million consumers.

Sustainable equipment and supplies

Sodexo is increasing the proportion of sustainable
products and equipment it uses, including through
product selection in designated priority categories such
as paper disposables, cleaning products and office paper.

* Global GAP (Good Agricultural Practice) is a not-for-profit organization that offers worldwide voluntary standards for the certification of

agricultural products around the globe.

102 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 100 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCI.

H INTERNATIONAL - Save the trees

Sodexo Benefits and Rewards Services launched a global
initiative to move to electronic processes to improve
efficiency and reduce the Company's ecological footprint.
Involving 21 countries, the global “Save the Trees”
challenge shows that big results can be achieved just
by changing individual printing practices with business
partners (suppliers, clients, affiliates).

By investing in and implementing new electronic
solutions, such as e-contracts, web ordering, e-invoices,
electronic workflows, e-pay slips and e-banking, Sodexo
reached its target of reducing printed materials by 25%
by September 2013.

KEY FIGURE

As of Fiscal 2013, 67% of paper
disposables were certified sustainable.

RESPONSIBILITY /

We Do

2.3.4.2 ENERGY AND EMISSIONS
PRACTICES

Working toward its commitment to reduce its carbon
footprint in all countries and at sites where it operates
by 2020, Sodexo joined with the WWF to develop a unique
tool to quantify current emissions.

Sodexo is working to set a carbon reduction, including
Scope 1, 2 and 3* emissions and to create meaningful
actions with both clients and supplier partners

Because an accepted methodology did not exist for its
agricultural supply chain or client sites, Sodexo worked
closely with WWF to create new tools to estimate and
measure emissions based on recent peer reviewed
lifecycle assessments. The tool has been used to evaluate
the supply chain in 14 countries (Australia, Belgium,
Brazil, Canada, Chile, Finland, France, Germany, Italy,
Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, the UK and the U.S.) In
addition to measuring emissions, the tool is also used to
identify hotspots for action and set achievable targets.

* Emissions generated directly and indirectly by an entity can be classified into “scopes,” based on the source of the emissions.
* scope 1: direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the entity;
¢ scope 2: indirect GHG emissions resulting from the generation of electricity, heating and cooling;
¢ scope 3: indirect GHG emissions from sources not owned or directly controlled by the entity but related to the entity's activities.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 103


--- Page 101 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We Do

Sodexo’s international environmental working group is
now using this tool to assess energy and emission levels
in supply chain “hotspots” such as beef and dairy

Sodexo is also working with WWF to create a similar
estimation and measurement tool for client sites to
identify potential energy and cost savings that could be
achieved through on-site operational expertise.

2.3.4.3, WATER REDUCTION PRACTICES

One of the year's major achievements was developing
an understanding and ability to measure Sodexo’s water
footprint (defined as the total amount of water used
for the production or the consumption of goods and
consumed services). In partnership with the WWF, the
Company identified “hot spots” on which it needs to focus
attention and define the actions to be taken

An online training module for all site managers and
Better Tomorrow Plan Champions continues to increase
awareness among employees on water-related issues.

Hf BELGIUM - Using less water for cleaning

At the Duracell plant in Aarschot, Sodexo is saving
100,000 liters of fresh water and 5,000 liters of
cleaning products per year. It was determined that the
same Cleanliness results could be achieved for the client
with less water and a lower concentration of cleaning
products

2.3.4.4 MATERIAL AND WASTE
PRACTICES

More than 99% of Sodexo sites worldwide have
implemented initiatives to reduce non-organic and organic
waste.

In Fiscal 2013, Sodexo’s global Waste Watch initiative
identified the causes of and ways to reduce food waste in
food preparation*. Waste Watch requires teams to collect,
measure and track the amount of food wasted in pre-
production (such as food that is prepared and cooked but
not plated).

FRANCE - identifying programs to reduce

food waste
Sodexo conducted pilot programs at 23 Corporate and
9 Education sites in France to identify the most effective
ways of reducing food waste due to variations within
each segment. This information will serve as the basis
for developing operational standards for both client
segments and broadening the deployment in the spring
of 2014.

* It is estimated that between 4-10% of the food purchased in foodservices operations ultimately becomes kitchen waste before ever

reaching the consumer. (Source: LeanPath).

104 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 102 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCI.

2.4 We engage

The involvement of stakeholders is a key driver for
optimizing the Group’s corporate responsibility
commitments. Emplouees, clients, consumers, suppliers

2.4.1 EMPLOYEES

The success of the Group's efforts depends heavily on
its ability to engage and sustain a dialogue with its
employees, who are its best ambassadors with clients
and consumers

Sodexo continues to involve an increasing number of
employees in its corporate responsibility efforts through
actions that include:

e the continued deployment of the e-learning tool
across the Group in 10 languages and available to
all employees;

e regular webinars to assist the Better Tomorrow
Champions with the deployment of the Better
Tomorrow Plan commitments;

2.4.2 CLIENTS

Sodexo supports its clients’ sustainability strategies and
contributes to strengthening their reputations.

The Group believes that sustainability is a potentially
significant growth opportunity, because

e sustainability initiatives are becoming increasingly
important in all markets and clients are placing
increased emphasis on - and committing additional
resources to ~ sustainability;

e in each of its client segments, clients expect Sodexo
to demonstrate commitment and leadership on

RESPONSIBILITY /

We engage

and institutions: Sodexo maintains an ongoing dialogue
with all stakeholders to unite the efforts of all.

e specific webinars for the Supply Chain and Marketing
teams on subjects such as the Sustainable Supply
Chain commitments and the Sodexo 10 Golden Rules
for Nutrition, Health and Wellness;

e an individual site report resulting from the annual
site survey that can be shared by each site manager
with their employees to explain Sodexo actions and
recommendations on the energy, water and waste;

e jnitiatives such as STOP Hunger which allows Sodexo

employees to put the Group’s commitment to local
communities into action around the world; and

e programs that encourage the employees to engage
with their clients and consumers, such as WasteLESS
Day

sustainability. They look to Sodexo for visible
performance improvements to help them achieve their
own objectives;

e Sodexo’s ability to meet these expectations is a source
of competitive advantage, increasing client retention
and helping to win new business;

e implementing awareness and behavior changes
through tangible actions for consumers improves
client engagement, reinforcing Sodexo's ability to
create value.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 105


--- Page 103 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

We engage

2.4.3 CONSUMERS

Through its study of consumer trends, the Group has
identified 14 trends of which four demonstrate the
increased awareness of consumers of the links between
services provided by Sodexo, sustainable development
and health.

e Mind & Body You.

Growing focus on body fitness, body performance,
encompassing, physical, emotional and spiritual
dimensions to insure a more balanced and meaningful
life

e Ethical Consciousness.

Make a difference in a world in which ethics are
increasingly relevant and actionable

e Search for Authenticity.
New desires to get back to basics and regain lost
benefits of past times

e Self-Preservation
Strategies for looking after oneself in an increasingly
uncertain world

The Group has further researched the impact of these

trends on consumers on its sites through its marketing
and consumer satisfaction survey tools

Sodexo empowers consumers to improve their health and
wellness by sharing educational, topical and consumer
friendly information through traditional and digital

2.4.4 SUPPLIERS

Sodexo partners with suppliers on its commitments to
Jocal communities (STOP Hunger), reducing environmental
impact (sustainable seafood) and health and wellness
(developing menu items that are lower in salts, sugars and

outreach means. Content provided, such as through
Registered Dietitians in the United States, demonstrates
Sodexo’s commitment to reaching beyond client sites to
improve consumers’ Quality of Life. Regular health and
wellness information and tips throughout the year helped
make the Company's “Health & Wellness” blog the most
visited and popular area of Sodexo’s U.S. web site. Based
on this success, this initiative will be expanded to other
countries

H INTERNATIONAL - WasteLESS Day

In October 2012, 1,813 client sites in 26 countries
participated in Sodexo’'s first ever WasteLESS Day,
working to engage consumers to make pledges to
help reduce waste, primarily food waste. Experiences
and lessons learned from this event were incorporated
into planning for an expanded WasteLESS Week
for October 2013 focused on supporting Sodexo’s
commitments to reduce both organic and non-organic
waste throughout the entire year.

KEY FIGURE

95% of Sodexo’s workforce
interacts on a daily basis with clients
and consumers.

fats). This collaboration throughout the value chain was
cited by RobecoSAM* as one of the hallmarks of Sodexo’s
continued leadership for its industry.

* RobecoSAM is an asset management company specializing in sustainable investment in collaboration with the Dow Jones Sustainability
Indices. RobecoSAM's “Sustainability Yearbook” is considered the world’s leading publication for corporate social responsibility.

106 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 104 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

2.4.5 INSTITUTIONS

Sodexo regularly consults external stakeholders to advance
its corporate responsibility strategy and innovations

Stakeholder engagement is one of the core skills
for minimizing negative environmental and social
consequences and maximizing positive impacts from
Company activities. Sodexo engages in transparent,
ongoing dialogue with external stakeholders worldwide
to promote healthy living

Examples include:

e Sodexo and OECD (Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development) have signed a three-
year agreement to promote the Better Life Index, the
international index that deals with Quality of Life
Under this agreement, OECD and Sodexo will share
their knowledge about the different factors that help
improve the Quality of Life of individuals;

We engage

Sodexo’s long-standing working relationship with
WWF includes a technical agreement to work
together on environmental and supply chain issues
of mutual interest. Efforts include sustainable seafood,
agricultural commodities, water and energy use and
promoting sustainable supply chain practices;

Sodexo is an active participant in ILO (International
Labour Organization) working groups;

Sodexo is a founding partner and Board member
of the GSSI (Global Sustainable Seafood Initiative),
Jaunched in February 2013. The GSSI brings together
representatives from the private and public sectors,
NGOs and academia to develop universal benchmarks
to rate seafood certification programs. Sodexo is the
only partner from its industry sector;

Sodexo is providing expert advice to the United Nations
Environmental Program (UNEP) on environmental
impacts related to food issues.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 107


--- Page 105 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Rankings and awards

2.5 Rankings and awards

2.5.1 RANKINGS

2.5.1.1 DOW JONES SUSTAINABILITY
INDICES (DJSI)

e Listed in the DJS! World and DJS! Europe (formerly
STOXX) indices since 2005.

e In 2013, Sodexo was named “Global Sustainability
Industry Leader” for the ninth year in a row in the Dow
Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), for its industry sector.

2.5.1.2 2013 ROBECOSAM
SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK

Sodexo’s sustainability performance was recognized
with three awards at the World Economic Forum 2013 in
Davos: Sector Leader, Gold Class and Sector Mover.

The RobecoSAM Sustainability Yearbook is regarded as
the world’s most comprehensive publication on corporate
social, economic and environmental practices.

2.5.2 AWARDS
2.5.1.1 BELGIUM

Sodexo recognized for intergenerational
policies

Sodexo received Europe’s “Active Aging Award” in
recognition of the Company's intergenerational approach
to human resources that promotes the return to or
continued employment of older workers.

2.5.1.2 CANADA

Employer recognitions

In 2013, Sodexo was named one of Canada’s Top
Employers for Young People as well as one of the country’s
Greenest Employers.

Sodexo’s 82% score was the highest overall score in its
business sector, (compared to an average score of 47%).
Sodexo was the only company in its sector to attain Gold
Class status and was named a Sector Mover for achieving
the largest improvement in sustainability performance
compared to last year. Sodexo earned the best score in
the economic and social areas and was highly ranked on
environmental performance.

2.5.1.3 SODEXO IS ALSO RANKED
IN THE FOLLOWING INDICES:

e ASPI Eurozone® Index (Vigeo) since 2009;
e Ethibel Sustainability Index (ESI) Global since July 2010;
e Fédéris ISR Euro Index since June 2010;

@ STOXX® Global ESG Leaders Index since
September 2011

2.5.1.3 CHILE

Sodexo improves Quality of Life
for working parents

Sodexo was ranked second among the Best Companies for
Mothers and Fathers in a study organized by Fundacion
Chile Unido and El Mercurio newspaper. The results
are based on responses of employees regarding their
company's practices and benefits that enable work-life
balance and contribute to employees’ quality of daily
life. At Sodexo Benefits and Rewards Services in Chile,
the voluntary and anonymous internal survey drew a 96%
participation rate

108 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 106 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

Sodexo employee volunteerism
recognized

The Teleton Foundation recognized Sodexo’s for its
employees’ support for children sponsored by the
institution and for the Company's commitment to fostering
diversity and inclusion among its 20,000 employees in
Chile.

2.5.1.4 INDIA

Sodexo sustainability leadership
recognized

Sodexo, received the 201 2 Asian Sustainability Leadership
Award for “Outstanding Social Impacts.” The awards
are presented to individuals and organizations which
demonstrate excellence in their sustainability performance
and serve as role models in their awarded category

Sodexo receives prestigious Subir Raha
award

Sodexo was recognized with the Subir Raha Corporate
Social Responsibility Awards for its sustainability
initiatives in the areas of community development and
fighting malnutrition in Chennai through its STOP Hunger
program, in partnership with Eco Kitchen. The Subir Raha
Centre for Corporate Governance awards companies for
excellence in community development and provision of
humanitarian aid and relief.

Rankings and awards

Sodexo recognized among best
employers for women

Sodexo's efforts to promote equal opportunity for women
were recognized with a 2012 Best Employers for Women
Award and Distinction at the WILL* Forum India (the
Forum for Women in Leadership). The award reflects
Sodexo’s practices and structured processes, including
benchmarking the progress of women within the Company,
organizing cross-industry mentoring programs for women
executives and committing to targets for increasing the
percentage of women across all levels of management.

2.5.1.5 NETHERLANDS

Sodexo wins 2012 Employers Catering
Award

The National Federation of Christian Trade Unions (CNV)
recognized Sodexo with the 2012 Employers Catering
Award. The CNV has over 350,000 members, including
14,000 employees in the foodservices sector. The award
recognizes foodservices industry employers for their
proactive human resources policies and actions.

Sodexo again recognized with Fairtrade
award

For the third time, Sodexo won the Fairtrade@Work 2012
campaign, which promotes the use of fair trade products

Organized by the Max Havelaar Foundation, the award
focuses on a company’s sustainability commitment,
based on the originality of its approach, the number of
Fairtrade products used and the contribution to employee
awareness

* Women in Leadership and Learning (WiLL) was launched to promote a culture of personal and professional development for the women
who contribute to Sodexo’s success and the communities it serves worldwide.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 109


--- Page 107 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Rankings and awards

2.5.1.6 UNITED KINGDOM

Waste reduction and recycling initiatives
win award

Sodexo received a Footprint Award in the “Waste
Management and Reduction” category for helping Central
Manchester University’s NHS Foundation Trust reduce
its food waste by 64.5%, by applying its food waste
segregation strategy.

Sodexo’s leadership again recognized

For the third consecutive year, Sodexo earned the
Corporate Responsibility Index Gold Rank from Business
in the Community

Sodexo’s Healthworks achieves
internationally recognized accreditation

Healthworks, Sodexo’s health and fitness offer, has received
ISO 9001 certification. Sodexo met the internationally
recognized standard through its Quality Management
System (QMS) used on all Sodexo Healthworks sites, which
ensures uniform application of high standards in areas
such as methods, materials and equipment.

2.5.1.7 UNITED STATES

Innovative mobile recruitment
application awarded

Sodexo’s mobile recruitment application received two
awards in recognition of its forward thinking approach
to talent acquisition in an increasingly competitive labor
market. The Companu’s pioneering adoption of innovation
and technology to attract and retain diverse, top talent
in an increasingly mobile, digital world won Workforce
Management Magazine's 2012 Optimas Award for Vision
as well as the Society for New Communications Research's
2012 SNCR Award for Mobile Media.

Sodexo ranked #1 for diversity

Sodexo was ranked number one on Diversitylnc’s 2013
Top 50 Companies for Diversity. Close to 900 companies
from a wide range of industries participated in this year’s
survey including consulting, retail, manufacturing and
banking.

Announcing the recognitions to U.S. employees, Senior
Vice President and Global Chief Diversity Officer Rohini
Anand said, “Sustaining our ranking is a testament to
the hard work, commitment and contributions of our
employees. However, achieving this success only means we
must raise the bar, identify new opportunities and embed
diversity and inclusion deeper into our organizational
culture.”

110 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 108 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

Indicators, reporting methodology and Statutory Auditors’ Report

2.6 Indicators, reporting methodology
and Statutory Auditors’ Report

2.6.1 SUMMARY OF GROUP WORKFORCE
AND ENVIRONMENTAL INDICATORS

Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2012

GENERAL INFORMATION

MM —_% of Group revenues of countries having one or more ISO 9001 certification 56.8% 57.1%
We Are
BUSINESS INTEGRITY
% of employees working in countries having the Sodexo Statement of Business
MM Integrity available in at least one official language 97.9% 98.8%
We Do
AS AN EMPLOYER
Workforce
MM Total Workforce 427,921 421,391
Per category
MM Employees 379,036 371,180
MM « Male employees 167,922 162,821
MM « Female employees 211,114 208,359
MM Managers 48,885 50,211
MM « Male managers 28,280 29,684
MM « Female managers 20,605 20,527
By activity and client segment
M On-site Services 97% 97%
Me Corporate 40% 40%
Me Education 22% 22%
Me Health Care 15% 14%
Me - Remote Sites 10% 10%
Me Defense 3% 4%
Me Sports and Leisure 3% 3%
Me Seniors 3% 3%
Me Justice 1% 1%
M Benefits and Rewards Services 1% 1%
M Personal and Home Services 0.5% 0.5%
ra Group headquarters and shared structures 1.5% 1.5%

M All the published information was subject to verification by independent third party entities designated by Sodexo.

MM These indicators were subjected to a higher level of assurance called “reasonable assurance” by the same third party entities. The
assurance report is available in the Corporate Responsibility/Assessing our progress/Indicators section of the Sodexo Group website
www.sodexo.com or by clicking here.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 111


--- Page 109 ---

ND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPO!

Indicators, reporting methodology and Statutory Auditors’ Report

Per geography

Fiscal 2013

MM North America 123,698
MM Continental Europe 102,236 103,558
MM United Kingdom and Ireland 35,072. 38,035
MIM Rest of the World 158,002 156,100
MM Under 30

MZ 30-40 | 24.0%

Mw 40-50 | 23.9%

MM 50-60 TT

MM Over 60 69%

Other workforce indicators ae
Employee retention rate 60.0%
Site management retention rate 82.2%

Respect Human Rights

% of employees working in countries having the Human Rights policy
available in at least one official language 90.9%

Employee development

Access to employment
New hires (excluding acquisitions and transfers) 150,943
e Employees 126,937, 143,359
¢ Managers 6,924 7,584

Internal promotion
Site managers and other non-site staff promoted to off-site management 488
% of off site management positions filled by internal promotion 33.1% 27.1%
Front-line staff promoted to site management 1,848 2,250
MM % of site management positions filled by internal promotion 24.0% 26.4%

Training
Total number of training hours 7 A
MM Number of emplouees participating in at least one training program — 351,071 327 269
« Employees 294,319 279,694
¢ Managers 56,752 47,575
MM = % of employees particating in at least one training program 82.6% 77.5%

Employee engagement (survey every 2 years) —— gg
MM Group Employee Engagement Rate 57%

Diversity and inclusion

Representation of women
MM % of women’s representation on the Board of Directors 38%
MM % of women’s representation among Group Senior Leaders 23% 23%
MM % of women in management positions 2% 41%
MM % of women’s representation in total workforce 54% 5

All the published information was subject to verification by independent third party entities designated by Sodexo.
MM These indicators were subjected to a higher level of assurance called “reasonable assurance” by the same third party entities. The

assurance report is available in the Corporate Responsibility/Assessing our progress/Indicators section of the Sodexo Group website
www.sodexo.com or by clicking here.

112 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 110 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

Indicators, reporting methodology and Statutory Auditors’ Report

Occupational health and safety - certification

Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2012

% of Group revenues of countries having one or more OHSAS 18001

M certification
MM Number of work related accidents
NUTRITION, HEALTH AND WELLNESS

78.5% 78.2%
7,305 7,635

Food safety - certification

MM and wellness solutions

M certifications
Advocate balancing food options

% of Group revenues of countries developing and promoting health

93.5% 96.0%

% of On-site Services revenues of countries having one or more ISO 22000

65.0% 66.4%

LOCAL COMMUNITIES

ra Number of registered dietitians employed by Sodexo

4,904 4,702

STOP Hunger

Fairly traded certified products

MM Number of countries having implemented the STOP Hunger initiative 42 42

ra % in kg of certified fairly traded coffee
ENVIRONMENT

23.8% 18.6%

Environment management

Sustainable supplies

ra % of Group revenues of countries having one or more ISO 14001 certification 50.4% 52.9%

Supply chain Code of Conduct

MM % of spend with contracted suppliers having signed a supplier Code of Conduct 84.8% 87.5%
Local seasonal or sustainably grown or raised products

MM the development of a sustainable palm oil industry
Sustainable equipment and supplies

% of On-site services revenues of countries selecting products that support

35.9% 35.4%

M disposables

% of spend on certified sustainable paper disposables as a % of total paper

66.8% 63.2%

M All the published information was subject to verification by independent third party entities designated by Sodexo.

MM These indicators were subjected to a higher level of assurance called “reasonable assurance” by the same third party entities. The
assurance report is available in the Corporate Responsibility/Assessing our progress/Indicators section of the Sodexo Group website

www.sodexo.com or by clicking here.

2.6.2 WORKFORCE AND ENVIRONMENTAL INDICATORS
REPORTING METHODOLOGY

The consolidated workforce and environmental indicators
are presented in section 2.6.1.

2.6.2.1 CHOICE OF INDICATORS

Sodexo’s Human Resources and Sustainable Development
strategy requires that workforce and environmental
performance be measured with clear indicators. These

indicators take into consideration the decentralized and
primarily client site-based nature of Sodexo’s operations
and were selected to meet the following reporting
objectives

e tocomply with legal requirements such as the Grenelle
IIaw in France;

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 113


--- Page 111 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Indicators, reporting methodology and Statutory Auditors’ Report

e to address the expectations of other external
stakeholders, including shareholders and rating
agencies; and

e to provide reporting that is consistent with the
requirements of the Global Responsibility Initiative
(GRI), ISO 26000 and the United Nations Global
Compact.

In addition, Sodexo’s indicators

e include measures of the tangible benefits Sodexo
brings to its clients;

e enhance employees’ knowledge about Sodexo,
increasing awareness and engagement; and

e provide visibility on progress for Group and country
management

2.6.2.2 SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

Indicators generally include all entities which are fully
consolidated for financial reporting purposes, with the
following exceptions:

e operations started in a new country during the fiscal
year are included in the reporting scope in the following
fiscal year;

e acquired entities are included as from the date of
acquisition

Fiscal 2013 workforce indicators

Workforce indicators are consolidated for all Sodexo
entities. Certain additional indicators provided are specific
to the entities in France.

Fiscal 2013 environmental indicators

Environmental indicators are consolidated for entities
representing 96% of Group revenues, compared to 94%
in Fiscal 2012. This increase resulted from the inclusion
of additional entities in the reporting scope

Certain environmental indicators are applicable only to
On-site Services or to Benefits and Rewards Services
due to the nature of the indicator itself; for example, an
indicator relating to the percentage of sustainable seafood
purchased relates only to On-site Services entities which
provide foodservice.

Three Sustainable Supply Chain indicators are
consolidated for entities representing 91% of Group or
On-site revenues.

2.6.2.3 REPORTING FRAMEWORK
AND TOOLS

Sodexo’s commitments to social and environmental
responsibility have always been central to the Group's
fundamentals. The Group reinforced its workforce and
environmental reporting in 2005 with the publication of its
first Corporate Responsibility Report and further developed
its sustainability performance processes in 2009 when its
sustainability roadmap, the Better Tomorrow Plan was
launched. At the time, the Group committed to report its
progress regularly and transparently.

Each year, Sodexo endeavors to improve its processes
and to this end, has implemented a reporting tool with
two modules for gathering and consolidating information
These tools were deployed to all Sodexo entities in
Fiscal 2012.

Consistency checks are embedded within the tools and
additional control testing is performed.

The consolidation of workforce data is performed by Group
Human Resources and the consolidation of environmental
data is performed by Group Sustainable Development.

Certain strategic workforce indicators are consolidated
quarterly for a detailed follow up.

All information published in this report was verified by the
Group’s external auditors*.

In addition to the “limited assurance” delivered by the
external auditors in relation to indicators published for
the requirements of Grenelle II, Sodexo requested an
independent audit to a higher level of assurance called
“reasonable assurance” of the following indicators

e employees by gender, category, age, geography;
e@ number of work related accidents;

© percentage of employees participating in at least one
training program;

* Statutory Auditors’ Independent Third-Party Report on the Consolidated Social, Environmental and Societal Information provided in

section 2.6.3.

114 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 112 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCI.

AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESP’

Indicators, reporting methodology and Statutory Auditors’ Report

e percentage representation of women on the Board
of Directors, among Group Senior Leaders, in
management positions and in the total workforce;

e number of countries having implemented the STOP
Hunger initiative;

e percentage of spend with contracted suppliers having
signed a supplier Code of Conduct;

e percentage of site manager positions filled through
internal promotions;

e number of employees participating in at least one
training program;

e Group Employee Engagement Rate;

e percentage of On-site Services revenues of countries
selecting products that support the development of a
sustainable palm oil industry;

e percentage of employees working in countries having
the Sodexo Statement of Business Integrity available
in at least one official language of the country;

e percentage of Group revenues of countries developing
and promoting health and wellness solutions.

2.6.2.4 LIMITATIONS

With nearly 428 000 emplouees, Sodexo is present in 80
countries with differing regulations and operates across
more than 33,300 client sites of different sizes and types
of activity.

e Certain indicators required by French law may not
be relevant for some entities or may be calculated
differently in accordance with local legislation
Therefore they cannot be consolidated at Group level
Certain of these workforce indicators are presented
for the French entities in section 2.7 and include the
following

e “CDD (contrat a durée détérminée - Limited term
contract)/CDI (contract a durée indéterminée -
Indefinite term contract)” employment contracts
specific to the French labor environment;

e working-time organization - These indicators are
published for all French-based entities and the
Group is working on the creation of a relevant global
indicator; and

e number of lost days for work related accidents

some local regulations include week ends and
others only include working days

e The deployment of group-wide systems allowing for
the comprehensive reporting of the following indicators
is in its final stages
e number of days lost due to sickness, frequency rate

and severity rate;

e differentiation between voluntary and non-
voluntary employee turnover to report dismissals
Currently the Global Employee Retention Rate is
reported

e Certain information is extremely difficult to gather
given the nature of the Group activity

e regarding the training indicators for the Sodexo
On-site Services activity in the UK, the number of
site employees trained and the related number of
training hours are under-estimated as only the
Health and Safety training courses are taken into
account;

e Sodexo’s activities are performed on more than
33,300 client sites. In the majority of these client
sites it is not possible for Sodexo to measure its
own energy and water consumption. Nevertheless,
within the framework of a technical agreement with
the WWF, Sodexo is working to define a robust
methodology to provide a reliable estimate of
Sodexo’s consumption which will allow for progress
to be measured over time;

e Scope 1 and Scope 2 energy consumption and
related carbon emissions are measured for the
Group based on a representative set of major
countries and the external verification of this data
will increase over time. This information is reported
annually through the Carbon Disclosure Project

e The following information is not applicable to Sodexo
given the nature of its activity:

* preventive or corrective actions with regard to
discharges into the atmosphere, water and soil with
a significant negative impact on the surrounding
environment;

e consideration of noise and any other activity-
specific pollution;

e amount of provisions and guarantees for
environmental risks;

e land usage

2.6.2.5 RECONCILIATION TABLES

The reconciliation tables for Grenelle Il and the GRI are

included in sections 9.3.4 and 9.3.5 of this document.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013

IBILITY /

115


--- Page 113 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Indicators, reporting methodology and Statutory Auditors’ Report

2.6.3 STATUTORY AUDITORS’ INDEPENDENT
THIRD-PARTY REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED SOCIAL,
ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIETAL INFORMATION

This is a free translation into English of the original report issued in French and is provided solely for the convenience of
English-speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, professional
guidelines applicable in France.

Sodexo
225, Quai de la Bataille de Stalingrad
92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux

STATUTORY AUDITORS’ INDEPENDENT THIRD-PARTY REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED
SOCIAL, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIETAL INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE 2012-2013
MANAGEMENT REPORT

Financial year ended August 31, 2013
To the shareholders,

As Statutory Auditors of Sodexo, acting as independent third parties (our accreditation applications have been accepted
by COFRAC - the French certification agency), we hereby present our report on the consolidated social, environmental
and societal information (hereinafter referred to as “CSR Information”) provided in the management report for the year
ended August 31, 2013, in accordance with the requirements of Article L.225-102-1 of the French Commercial Code.

COMPANY'S RESPONSIBILITY

It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to prepare an annual report including the CSR Information required under
Article L.225-102-1 of the French Commercial Code, in accordance with the protocol used (hereinafter referred to as the
“Protocol”) by the Company, which is available on request from the latter.

INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY CONTROL

Our independence is defined by regulations, the code of ethics of the profession and by the provisions of Article L.822-11
of the French Commercial Code. In addition, we have set up a comprehensive quality control system including documented
policies and procedures to ensure compliance with the code of ethics, professional standards and applicable legislation
and regulations.

STATUTORY AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY
It is our role, based on our work:
e toattest that the required CSR Information has been disclosed in the management report, or that an explanation has

been provided if any information has been omitted, in accordance with the third paragraph of Article R.225-105 of
the French Commercial Code (Attestation of disclosure of CSR Information);

e to provide limited assurance that the CSR Information has been fairly presented, in all material respects, in accordance
with the Protocol used (reasoned Opinion on the true and fair presentation of CSR Information).

We called on our CSR experts to assist us in our work.

We performed our work from May to October 2013.

116. Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 114 ---

ECONOMI

ND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPO!

IBILITY /

Indicators, reporting methodology and Statutory Auditors’ Report

, SOCI.

1 Attestation of disclosure of CSR information

We performed the following work in accordance with professional standards applicable in France and the Order dated
May 13, 2013 setting forth the arrangements governing independent third party engagements:

e We read the report on sustainable development providing details of the social and environmental impact of the
Companu's activity and its social commitments and, where appropriate, the related action and programs;

e We compared the CSR Information presented in the management report with the list provided for in Article
R.225-105-1 of the French Commercial Code;

e We verified that the CSR Information covers the consolidation scope, which includes the Company and its subsidiaries
within the meaning of Article L.233-1 and the controlled entities within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French
Commercial Code, based on the limits specified in the methodological note in section 2.6.2.4 of the management report;

e |n the event that consolidated CSR Information had been omitted, we verified that explanations had been provided,
in accordance with the third paragraph of Article R.225-105 of the French Commercial Code.

Based on our work, we attest that the required Information has been disclosed in the management report.

2 Opinion on the true and fair presentation of CSR Information

NATURE AND SCOPE OF WORK

We conducted our engagement in accordance with the professional standards applicable in France, the Order dated
May 13, 2013 setting forth the arrangements governing independent third party engagements and the International
Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000

We performed the following procedures to obtain limited assurance that the CSR Information does not contain any
material misstatements and that it has been fairly presented, in all material respects, in accordance with the Protocol
A higher level of assurance would have required more extensive work

We performed the following work:

e We identified those in charge of collecting information within the company and, where appropriate, those in charge
of internal control and risk management procedures;

e We assessed the appropriateness of the Protocol in terms of its relevance, completeness, neutrality, understandability
and reliability, taking into consideration, where appropriate, industry best practice;

e We verified that a process had been implemented for collecting, compiling, processing and verifying CSR Information,
to ensure that it is complete and consistent. We reviewed the internal control and risk management procedures related
to the preparation of CSR Information. We conducted interviews with those responsible for preparing CSR disclosures;

e We selected the consolidated CSR information to be tested* and determined the nature and scope of the tests, taking
into consideration their importance in terms of the social and environmental impact of the Group’s activity and its
social commitments.

* Total workforce by gender, category, age, geographical area, New hires excluding acquisitions and transfers, Employee retention rate,
Site management retention rate, Site managers and other non-site staff promoted to non-site management, Front-line staff promoted
to site management, Group employee engagement rate, Percentage of Group revenues of countries having one or more OHSAS 18007
certification, Number of work related accidents, Total number of training hours, Percentage of employees participating in at least one
training program, Percentage of Women’s representation rate on the Board of Director/arnong Group Senior Leaders/in management
positions/in total workforce, Percentage of Group revenues of countries having one or more ISO 14001 certification, Percentage of spend
on certified sustainable paper disposables, Percentage in kg of certified fairly traded coffee, Percentage of On-site Services revenues of
countries selecting products that support the development of a sustainable palm oil industry, Percentage of Group revenues of countries
developing and promoting health & wellness solutions, Number of countries having implemented the STOP Hunger initiative, Number
of registered dietitians, Percentage of spend with contracted suppliers having signed a supplier code of conduct, Percentage of Group
revenues of countries having one or more ISO 9007 certification, Percentage of On-site Services revenues of countries having one or
more ISO 22000 certification, Percentage of employees working in countries having the Human Rights policy available in at least one
official language, Percentage of employees working in countries having the Sodexo Statement of Business Integrity available in at least
one official language.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013. 117


--- Page 115 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCI. ND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Indicators, reporting methodology and Statutory Auditors’ Report

e Regarding the consolidated quantitative information that we considered the most important:

- at Group level and for the controlled entities, we implemented analytical procedures and, on a sampling basis,
verified the calculations and consolidation of the information

- atthe level of the entities** selected based on their activity, their contribution to the consolidated indicators, their
geographical distribution and a risk analysis, we:

- carried out interviews in order to verify that the procedures had been correctly applied and to identify any
omissions,

- conducted tests of details on a sampling basis, which consisted of verifying the calculations and reviewing the
associated evidence

The selected sample represents on average 52% of the workforce and between 50% and 69% of the quantitative
environmental information tested

e Regarding the consolidated qualitative consolidated information that we considered the most important, we
consulted the documentary sources and held interviews to verify and assess whether the information had been
presented fairly.

- For the other published consolidated information, we assessed whether it had been presented fairly and was
consistent, based on our knowledge of the Group and, where appropriate, through interviews or by consulting
documentary sources

— We assessed the relevance of the reasons given for any missing required information, where appropriate
Due to the use of sampling techniques and other limits inherent to all information and internal control systems, the risk
of not detecting a material misstatement in the CSR Information cannot be completely eliminated.
CONCLUSION

Based on our work, we have not identified any material misstatements that cause us to believe that the CSR Information,
taken as a whole, has not been fairly presented, in all material respects, in accordance with the Protocol.

Paris La Défense and Neuilly-sur-Seine, November 13, 2013

The Statutory Auditors

PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit KPMG Audit
Division of KPMG S.A.
Sylvain Lambert Yves Nicolas Philippe Arnaud Hervé Chopin
Partner Partner Partner Partner
in charge in charge of Climate
of Sustainability Services Change & Sustainability
Services

** On-Site Services France, Benefits and Rewards France, On-Site Services UK and Ireland, Benefits and Rewards UK, On-Site Services Belgiurn,
On-Site Services Spain, On-Site Services Italy, On-Site Services USA.

1 18 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 116 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

Data related to Sodexo’s activities in France

2./ Data related to Sodexo’s activities

in France

The following data comprises all employment aspects of all
Sodexo operations in France, i.e., On-site Services, Benefits
and Rewards Services, Personal and Home Services,
the parent company and the Group’s management
companies

2.7.1 WORKFORCE

As of August 31, 2013, Sodexo employed a total of
36,827 people in France

2.7.2 WORKFORCE
BY GENDER

Women represent 54% of total employees, 58% of
front-line staff, 23% of site managers, 76% of non-site
managers and 41% of non-site managers.

Front-line staff
17,082 12,315

Site managers
| 1,006 3,379

Non-site staff
I} 908 279

Non-site Managers
Ip 765 1,093

ie) 5,000 10,000 15,000 20,000 25,000 30,000

@ Women Men

{60 ye

0 xo ©

ap ye"
2

oun”

60

ie} ac) 50

30 ac) 20

a ent
va

2.7.3 WORKFORCE
BY AGE GROUP

The average age is 41.7.

814 (2.2%)

8,229 (22.3%)

oo® 11,865 (32.2%)

so 9,129 (24.8%)

6,790 (18.4%)

' ' ' ' ' '
0 2,000 4,000 6,000 8,000 10,000 12,000

D 724 (88.9%)
) 40 (4.9%)
) 15 (1.8%)
) 35 (4.3%)
Ty 992 (12.1%)
) 194 (2.4%)
ry 317 (3.9%)
[mD 1,830 (15.4%)
> 348 (2.9%)
D 689 (5.8%)
[> 1,172 (12.8%)
> 339 (3.7%)
D 682 (7.5%)
7 309 (4.6%)
r 334 (4.9%)
’

| 175 (2.6%) | |

0 2,000 4,000 6,000 8,000 10,000

@ Font-line staff
@ Site Managers
@ Non-site staff
@ Non-site managers

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013 119


--- Page 117 ---

2

120

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Data related to Sodexo’s activities in France

2.7.4 EMPLOYMENT

4,627 staff were recruited in France on a permanent
contract during Fiscal 2013 (compared to 5,693 in
Fiscal 2012), comprising 2,784 by direct recruitment,
584 by conversion of fixed-term contracts into permanent
contracts, and 1,259 by integrating employees from other
service providers

27%

ro

@ Direct recruitments on permanent contract
@ Conversion of fixed-term contract
into permanent contract
@ Employees integrated from other service providers

60%

Astrong focus on the recruitment of young people through
apprenticeships and internships continues. More than
600 apprentices were hired during Fiscal 2013, and
close to 120 higher education students completed their
internships at Sodexo France, either at headquarters and
regional offices, or directly on site.

As of August 31, 2013, 9% of employees were on fixed-
term contracts (compared to 12% in Fiscal 2012)

During the fiscal year, employment on fixed-term contracts
represented 13% of hours worked and temporary work
represented 3%. These mainly concerned temporary
replacements and spikes in workload.

500,126 hours of overtime were worked in Fiscal 2013,
or 1% of hours worked.

13%

30 84%

@ Number of hours worked on permanent contracts
@ Number of hours worked on temporary contracts
@ Number of hours worked on fixed-term contracts

1,552 employees had their employment contract
terminated in Fiscal 2013, of which 120 were for
economic reasons

2.7.5 INTERNAL PROMOTION

In Fiscal 2013, 132 front-line staff in France were
promoted to site management and ten site managers
were promoted, for a total of 142 employees promoted to
a supervisory position by a change of grade. These figures
do not include internal promotions within the same grade.

2.7.6 ORGANIZATION
OF WORKING HOURS

The working week is 35 hours (34.87 hours for most
subsidiaries).

For Fiscal 2013, 74% of the workforce worked full-time
Part-time work involved 26% of the workforce

8% ‘
a |
T%

TA%

@ Full-time

@ Part-time annualized (“school year”)

@ Part-time between 25 hours and full-time
@ Part-time less than 25 hours per week

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013


--- Page 118 ---

ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY /

2.7.7 ABSENTEEISM

In France, the average absenteeism rate based on the
number of days absent was 7% for the workforce as a
whole (decreased from 8% in Fiscal 2012). The reasons
were as follows:

9%

%

55%

@ Work and travel-to-work related accidents
@ Sickness

@ Maternity

@ Other (authorized paid leave, unpaid leave, etc.)

2.7.8 COMPENSATION

The average annual salary for a full-time front-line
employee was 23,408 euro in France, which is 36% higher
than the French legal minimum wage".

Pursuant to a law introduced in France on July 28, 2011
(which only pertains to the Group’s activities in France)
related to a profit sharing bonus, on April 3, 2013 Sodexo
reached an agreement with a majority of the collective
bargaining organizations represented in Sodexo’s entities
in France. This agreement provides for the payment of a
bonus of 80 euro (net of payroll taxes) to all employees
in France (irrespective of compensation level, status
(fixed term or permanent), or seniority, but subject to a
minimum of three months of presence during the period
from September 1, 2012 to August 31, 2013).

Data related to Sodexo’s activities in France

2.7.9 STATUTORY AND
VOLUNTARY EMPLOYEE
PROFIT-SHARING
(PART IV OF BOOK IV
OF THE FRENCH
LABOR CODE)

Profit-sharing agreements exist within Sodexo’s French
subsidiaries. The share of profits allocated to employees
during Fiscal 2013 was 7,133,646 euro.

2.7.10 FRENCH PAYROLL
TAXES

For Fiscal 2013, French payroll taxes represented 23%
of the compensation of front-line staff. The employer's
contribution was 43%

2.7.11 SOCIALAND CULTURAL
ACTIVITIES

The contribution to the financing of social and cultural
activities promoted by the various Works Councils
represented 0.6% of payroll.

2.7.12 COLLECTIVE
AGREEMENTS

In total, 44 collective agreements were signed in
Fiscal 2013, including

e four agreements addressing the issue of difficult
working conditions;

e five agreements relating to the “inter-generational
contract”;

e two agreements relating on professional equality;

e two agreements relating to the employment of people
with disabilities;

e two agreements of method for a plan of voluntary
departure

(1) The French gross legal minimum wage (Smic) in euro for a workweek of 37.87 hours, as of December 21, 2072.

Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013

121


--- Page 119 ---

/ ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY

Data related to Sodexo’s activities in France

2.7.13 HEALTH
AND SAFETY

In Fiscal 2013, the number of work-related accidents has
decreased by 13% compared to Fiscal 2012.

Thus, the frequency rate of work-related accidents in
France was 29.1 in Fiscal 2013, and the severity rate
was 0.8. There were 239 meetings of Health, Safety and
Working Conditions Committees during the fiscal year. In
addition, a collective agreement on the issue of specific
difficult working conditions was signed in Fiscal 2012
This agreement calls for the implementation of a tool
(e-SIPUP - Individual summary for the prevention of work-
related strain) for managing workplace Quality of Life

2.7.14 EMPLOYEE
TRAINING
AND DEVELOPMENT

Expenditure on training by all Sodexo businesses in France
totaled 18.7 million euro in Fiscal 2013. This figure
represented 2% of the entity's total payroll and is in line
with Fiscal 2012 (18.5 million euro).

Front-line staff
53% 47%
Site managers
25% 75%

Non-site staff

31% 69%
Non-site Managers

37% 63%

0% 20% 40% 60% 80% 100%

@ Women Men

The number of training hours totaled 297,548 hours
during the fiscal year.

2.7.15 PROFESSIONAL
EQUALITY

In Fiscal 2013, Sodexo France has continued to promote
diversity and professional equality.

Sodexo continues to promote diversity through the
Council for Diversity and Inclusion, created in 2011 under
the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer.

Inter-generational agreements were signed during the
year with an effective date of October 1, 2013

“Uni-vers’ the network formed to unite the Company's
women and men, meets regularly on these issues

122 Sodexo - Registration Document Fiscal 2013
