

--- Page 1 ---

30 RWE Annual Report 2013

1.1 STRATEGY

Ambitious political goals in relation to climate protection and the expansion of renewable energy are increasingly
determining the regulatory environment in the energy sector. This presents RWE with substantial challenges in terms
of competitiveness, capacity for innovation and financial strength. Our strategy is in line with our mission statement,
which takes account of all of these aspects: becoming the most trusted, high-performing partner for the sustainable

transformation of the European energy system.

Increasing financial strength and contributing to the
transformation of the energy sector are the focal points
of our strategy. Europe's energy markets are undergoing
profound change, especially in our established generation
business. The rapid, heavily subsidised expansion of
renewable energy is playing an important role in this. Based
on available information, renewable energy accounted for
45% of Germany's total electricity generation capacity at the
end of 2013. Solar panels alone had a share of 19%. Four
years before, this figure only stood at 6%. The solar

boom and the steep decline in the price of hard coal and
CO, emission allowances have put wholesale electricity
quotations under pressure. As a consequence, the
profitability of our power plants has recently deteriorated
significantly. This is reflected in the 2013 consolidated
financial statements by lower operating earnings and high
impairments. Whereas conventional power generation was
responsible for more than half of RWE’s operating result in
2012, it contributed slightly less than a quarter a year later.
It has also become clear that the return on the power plant
investment programme, which we launched in the past
decade and has an investment volume of more than

€12 billion, will not be as high as originally expected.

We have taken the developments witnessed in the last few
years, in particular the U-turn in German energy policy, as an
occasion to formulate a mission statement reflecting our role
in the energy world of tomorrow and to establish specific
goals based on it. We have provided extensive commentary
on this on page 32 et seqq. In the past, we described the
course of the company as being ‘more sustainable,’

‘more robust’ and ‘more international’ (see page 32 of

the 2012 Annual Report). Tapping into new markets is no
longer a priority for us, in part due to financial restrictions.
Conversely, the goals of sustainable management and
becoming more robust continue to be cornerstones of our
strategy.

Leading position in numerous European energy markets.
Europe remains the geographic focus of our electricity and
gas business. We have established ourselves as a leading
supplier of electricity and gas and have tapped into the
markets which are the most important to us. These are
Germany, the Benelux region, the United Kingdom as well as
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe. In the field of
electricity and heat generation from renewables, we are also
active outside of these regions, for example in Spain and
Italy.

Market positions of the RWE Group Electricity Gas

in terms of sales

Germany No. 1 No. 3

Netherlands No. 2 No. 2

United Kingdom No. 4 No. 5

Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe No. 1 in Hungary No. 1 in the Czech Republic
No. 5 in Slovakia No. 2 in Slovakia
No. 5 in Poland

No. 7 in the Czech Republic

Active in Croatia
Active in Turkey

Total Europe No. 3

No. 5



--- Page 2 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Res}

30 Strategy

We only see limited potential for growth in the mature
markets, namely Germany, the Benelux countries and the
United Kingdom. The exception is Belgium, where we are
expanding our energy supply business. In the other
countries, we want to defend our market shares in the face
of mounting competition by offering innovative products
tailored to the needs of our customers. In Germany, our
home market, we are required to further develop the energy
infrastructure so that the ambitious goals of policymakers in
relation to the expansion of renewable energy, energy
efficiency and climate protection can be achieved. Only
those companies which play an active role will meet with
society's acceptance and succeed over the long term.

Consolidated financial statements urther informatic 31

In Central Eastern Europe, we primarily intend to take
advantage of opportunities to expand our supply business.
We have identified an opportunity of this kind in the Czech
Republic, where we are the No. 1 player in the gas business,
and intend to use the existing supply infrastructure as a
basis for becoming a leading provider of electricity. Another
example is Croatia, where we already have a presence in the
wastewater treatment business in the country’s capital
Zagreb and are co-owner of the Plomin hard coal-fired power
station. We are now also becoming active in the Croatian
energy supply business and at the end of 2013, we were
already supplying 28,000 customers with electricity. We are
also establishing a supply business in Turkey, where we have
been operating a gas-fired power station near the town of
Denizli since 2013. In addition, we intend to become active
in the country’s energy trading sector.

Where RWE is active

Established market position in electricity and/or gas

In Germany, the United Kingdom and Poland also in
upstream gas and oil

In Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, the United
Kingdom, Poland and Austria also in renewables

Market presence in upstream gas and oil
(also in Surinam and Trinidad and Tobago)

Market presence in renewables

Market presence in electricity generation
and supply



--- Page 3 ---

nnual Report 2013

Sustainable business management strengthens
acceptance and competitiveness. Energy supply is a long-
term oriented business. It is therefore all the more important
that our actions be in line with the expectations and goals of
society in the long run. Our decisions must be economically,
environmentally and socially sustainable. We have defined
ten fields of action which we believe address the major
challenges in the field of corporate responsibility. We have
set ourselves goals for each of these action fields and
defined key performance indicators with which we measure
the degree to which we achieve these targets. We
subsequently communicate this to the public.

Climate protection is particularly important in this context.
As Europe’s largest emitter of carbon dioxide (CO,), we
shoulder a special responsibility, given that high emissions
go hand in hand with high economic risks. We aim to reduce
our CO, emissions to 0.62 metric tons per megawatt hour
(MWh) of electricity generated by 2020. In 2013, our specific
emissions totalled 0.76 metric tons. To this end, we place
significant emphasis on the expansion of renewable energy.
Furthermore, the average efficiency of our power stations
will continue to increase, reducing the emission factor.

We set the stage for this with our new-build power plant
programme, which is scheduled to be completed in 2014:

it created the basis for decommissioning even more old,
emission-intensive plant in the future, without jeopardising
security of supply. However, our sustainability goals are

not limited to our own carbon emissions: one of our tasks
as a large operator of energy infrastructure is to support
the conversion of the energy system, in line with climate
protection goals. This is a key element of our mission
statement and applies especially to Germany, where we

see our role in helping to enable the transformation of

the energy market.

Financial robustness more important than ever in today’s
volatile market environment. The ambitious political goals
of energy policy and tight state budgets have led to an
increase in government intervention in the electricity and
gas markets. An example of this is the ordered tariff cuts and
additional tax burdens in Hungary. Succumbing to the
pressure of the sovereign debt crisis, the Spanish
government actually went as far as reducing renewable
subsidies retrospectively. The sudden change of course by
the German government in respect of nuclear energy after
the reactor accident at Fukushima demonstrates that the
regulatory environment has become much less reliable for
energy utilities than in the past. Only companies with
financial clout will be capable of managing the resulting
earnings risks. This is a major reason why we want to
increase our financial strength significantly. To us,
robustness means also having a well-balanced presence at
all stages of the energy value chain. This enables us to at
least partially cushion reductions in earnings at one stage,
for example in conventional electricity generation, with
stable or increased earnings at other stages.

RWE’s mission statement. The strategy of the RWE Group
is based on a mission statement which takes account of

the ambitious political goals regarding climate protection
and the expansion of renewable energy as well as the
resulting challenges with respect to RWE’s competitiveness,
capacity for innovation and financial strength: becoming the
most trusted and high-performing partner for the
sustainable transformation of the European energy system.
This mission statement leads to three strategic goals: we aim
to (1) increase our financial strength, (2) make RWE more
efficient and competitive and (3) successfully contribute to
the sustainable transformation of the European energy
system. These three goals and what they mean to us in
concrete terms are set out in more detail hereinafter.


--- Page 4 ---

au Review of operations responsibility 1

30 Strategy

urther i 33

Our mission statement:

Becoming the most trusted and high-performing partner for the sustainable transformation of the European energy system.

Our strategic goals:

Increasing financial strength

2015 onwards

Improving performance and
competitiveness

Contributing to the sustainable
transformation of the European
energy system

Expanding renewable energy

Safeguarding our unlimited access to the capital market
Reducing net debt to a maximum of 3.0 times EBITDA over the medium term
Fully financing capital expenditure and the dividend payment from cash flows from operating activities from

Strengthening competitiveness through more efficient processes and a more effective organisation
Establishing a performance-orientated corporate culture

Securing electricity supply through flexible and efficient power plants

Further developing distribution network infrastructure
Strengthening our retail position through innovative products and services

Increasing financial strength. We currently have a high
level of debt due to our extensive capital expenditure in
recent years and the disappointing returns on investment
due to the market environment. This has had a negative
effect on our credit ratings by the leading rating agencies
Moody's and Standard & Poor's, which are currently Baal
and BBB+, respectively, but still confirm our high
creditworthiness. Due to our significant need for refinancing,
our top priority is to ensure that we can always raise debt
capital at acceptable conditions, even during crises on
financial markets. To accomplish this, we have set ourselves
an upper limit for the leverage factor (the ratio of net debt
to EBITDA) of 3.0. However, in the last three years, the
factor was a constant 3.5. In the medium term, we intend to
ensure that it is below the upper limit. Furthermore, from
fiscal 2015 onwards, we want to return to fully financing our
capital expenditure and dividend payments from cash flows
from operating activities. Due to our high level of capital
expenditure, we have not managed to do this since 2008,
but only just fell short of this goal in 2013.

We are taking several steps to increase our financial
strength.

Efficiency improvements. In 2012, we launched the
“RWE 2015’ programme, which included an extensive set
of measures to reduce costs and increase revenue. Our
current efficiency-enhancement programme, which runs
until 2016, is designed to have a permanent effect of at
least €1.5 billion on the operating result. As set out on
page 72, we are on track to achieving this goal.

Asset disposals. The sale of assets should also contribute
to improving our financial position. Activities requiring
substantial capital expenditure, in particular the oil and
gas upstream business overseen by RWE Dea, are at the
top of our list of possible disposals. In 2012, we divested
assets accounting for a total of €2.1 billion. Last year, a
volume of €2.2 billion was added, including the sale of the
Czech long-distance gas network operator NET4GAS.
Currently, the single-largest divestment project is the sale
of RWE Dea, for which we hope to achieve a deal over the
course of the year. We also want to sell our minority
interest in Urenco, a company specialising in the
enrichment of uranium.


--- Page 5 ---

34 RWE Annual Rep

t2013

= Reducing capital expenditure. On completion of the
new-build power plant programme this year, we will
reduce our capital expenditure on property, plant and
equipment significantly. We plan to spend €4.5 billion in
capital in 2014. This sum should drop to €3.5 billion and
€3 billion in the next two years. These figures still contain
an average of €1 billion allocable to RWE Dea. Excluding
the upstream business, we expect capital expenditure to
total €2 billion starting in 2016. From this point onwards,
we will focus on investments required to sustain our
business activities, in particular the operation of our
networks and power stations. We intend to continue
expanding renewable energy, albeit at a reduced pace.

= New dividend policy. In previous years, the Supervisory
Board and the Executive Board have oriented the dividend
proposal to a payout ratio of 50% to 60% of recurrent net
income. This range will be reduced to between 40% and
50% for fiscal years from 2014 onwards. A dividend of
€1 per share has been proposed for 2013, which is below
both ranges (27%). If the corresponding resolution is
passed by the Annual General Meeting on 16 April 2014,
this will provide us with over €600 million in financial relief
compared to last year.

Improving performance and competitiveness. To survive
in the face of competition, energy utilities can no longer
limit their role to that of a reliable supplier of electricity
or gas. Their products must also be offered at attractive
prices. In addition, they must cater to the customers’
specific needs. To be competitive in terms of price

and quality, companies must have efficient production
operations, an effective organisation and a corporate
culture of performance and innovation. Only if we rise
to these challenges can RWE become a fixture in the
energy world of tomorrow.

Our ‘RWE 2015’ programme addresses all of these topics.
We have already commented on the measures it includes to
reduce costs and increase revenue, which aim not only to
streamline processes, but also to improve our organisation.

An example of this is the pooling of the management of
our conventional power plants in the newly established
RWE Generation, which became operational at the beginning
of 2013. RWE Group Business Services took up commercial
operation at the same time and handles cross-divisional
functions such as accounting, purchasing and

HR management. To leverage synergies from our supply
activities, with effect from 1 January 2014, we established
RWE Retail, in which we have pooled our supply expertise.
This new management unit is responsible for the groupwide
supply strategy, among other things (see page 54). We

are increasingly running functional business units as profit
centres. Standard processes are being pooled in shared
service centres and expert knowledge is being unified in
centres of expertise.

Another focal point of ‘RW E 2015’ is the further
development of our corporate culture. We need employees
who can draw on their creativity and initiative to improve
products and processes, who help the company progress
with their ideas, and who do not wait for signals from
management to act. If meaningful innovations were only
introduced from the top down, we would not be dynamic
enough to keep up with the competition. Our business has
become far too complex to do so. Creativity and innovation
are in demand now more than ever, across all fields of
activity and all divisions. In this context, we strive to improve
cooperation between RWE’s employees, departments and
companies. We also want to strengthen our reputation as a
trustworthy, competent and service-oriented provider. We
measure our success in this respect based on the satisfaction
of our customers. Therefore, we were extremely pleased that
the customer service representatives of RWE Vertrieb
received the German Service Award in 2013. RWE came in
first among 65 entrants. High grades were awarded for
friendliness, personalised advice and competence.

RWE Vertrieb was recognised for its high quality of service

in January 2014 once again. The company obtained the

first spot in a market survey conducted by the renowned
consulting firm imug.


--- Page 6 ---

our inves Review of operations Our responsibility Responsibi r

30 Strategy

Contributing to the sustainable transformation of

the European energy system. Thanks to our integrated
business model covering the entire energy value chain, we
are able to contribute to the transformation of the European
energy system in a variety of areas.

= Securing electricity supplies through flexible and
efficient power plants. Conventional power stations are
indispensable, despite the further expansion of renewable
energy. Without them, the fluctuation in the availability
of wind turbines and solar panels would result in regular
outages, as electricity from renewables is not available at
the push of a button because it can only be stored to a
very limited extent. According to a study conducted by
the German Energy Agency (dena), gas and coal-fired
power plants will still have to provide about two-thirds of
secured capacity in 2050. Based on dena’s calculations,
this corresponds to 60 gigawatts (GW). In the last few
years, we have increasingly invested in the flexibility of our
power stations, in order to enable them to react better to
fluctuations in feed-ins of renewable energy. A case in
point is the lignite-fired power plant at Neurath near
Cologne, which has a capacity of up to 2,100 megawatts
(MW). It was commissioned in 2012 and can adjust its
capacity utilisation by 500 MW within 15 minutes. In
addition, in the Germany/Netherlands region we own the
largest amount of capacity of flexible gas-fired power
stations. However, these plants have been especially hard
hit by the rise in electricity from renewables fed into the
system. Today, many gas-fired power stations, including
some in our fleet, are unable to cover their operating
costs. This has already caused us to mothball some of
these facilities (see page 53). Furthermore, a large portion
of our efficiency-enhancing measures is designed to make
the generation business, which has come under pressure,
more profitable with a view to safeguarding our position
as one of Europe’s leading power plant operators over
the long term.

‘onsolidated fina ment urther inforn 35

Expanding renewable energy. The expansion of
electricity produced from renewable sources continues to
be a cornerstone of our strategy. However, for financial
reasons, we must further reduce our pace of growth and
find new ways to finance our business. RWE Innogy, our
Group company specialising in the generation of electricity
and heat from renewables, is expected to invest a total of
about €1 billion in the expansion of renewable energy
from 2014 to 2016. This is less than originally planned. By
the end of 2013, RWE Innogy was operating generation
facilities with a total net installed capacity of 2.9 GW.

This figure should rise to 3.4 GW during the current year.

As regards the expansion of renewable energy, we are
focusing on onshore wind turbines in Germany, the

United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Poland. In addition,
we are building two offshore wind farms: we hold a

60% stake in Gwynt y Mér off the coast of Wales, which
has a total installed capacity of 576 MW, and we are the
sole investor in Nordsee Ost (295 MW) near Heligoland,
Germany. On completion of these two projects, we

intend to stop pursuing several new offshore wind
projects simultaneously, following a one-at-a-time strategy
instead. Furthermore, we will look for partners. We have
not taken any concrete investment-related decisions so far.

RWE Innogy will not launch any new biomass projects.
The company is currently focusing on the completion of
a biomass-fired power station with combined heat and
power technology at Markinch in Scotland. It will have a
net installed electric capacity of 46 MW and is scheduled
to start production in the spring of 2014. A second
biomass project, in Enna, Sicily, has already been
completed: the 19 MW plant has been online since the
middle of 2013.


--- Page 7 ---

36 RWE Annual Rep

t2013

Given the limitation of financial resources, we increasingly
involve public and private investors in our projects.
However, we draw on our technical expertise to remain
the plant developer and operator. We also raise funds

for our ongoing capital expenditure by selling stakes in
existing assets. For example, last year we sold minority
interests in several UK wind farms with a total net installed
capacity of over 200 MW to financial investors (see

page 51). Proceeds from transactions of this kind enable
us to invest in a larger number of projects, which
diversifies our portfolio and reduces its risk exposure.

In addition, we forge project partnerships with
municipalities and municipal utilities. An example of

this is Green GECCO, a joint venture between RWE Innogy
and 29 municipal utilities, which was established in April
2010 and already has four wind farms with a total net
installed capacity of 57 MW. Together with municipal
partners, we are currently planning and implementing
projects with a total net installed capacity of 450 MW.
Centre stage is taken by the construction and operation of
wind turbines. However, our range of activities is much
wider than that. For example, last year we carried out a
project with the town of Kerpen, Germany: we have built a
two kilometre-long photovoltaic power station along the
A4 motorway, which will supply electricity to more than
500 households. What is special about this plant is the
financing concept: local residents were given the
opportunity to take a share in the €2.5 million of
construction costs by making a capital contribution
limited to five years.

= Further developing the distribution network
infrastructure. The network business will remain a fixture
in our portfolio. Due to the regulations governing our
return on capital and revenue caps, the earnings risk
exposure arising from our operation of German electricity
and gas distribution networks is fairly low. However, we
are witnessing a trend towards returning the ownership of
assets in the energy sector to municipalities: public
utilities increasingly want to take charge of operating local
networks themselves. We are reacting to this by offering
participation models, strengthening our partnerships with
municipalities as a result.

The power grid plays a key role in the transformation of
the German energy market. As a distribution system
operator, we face huge challenges from the rising
amounts of electricity fed into the grid from weather-
dependent sources such as wind and solar, as well as
the mounting number of small, decentralised energy
generation units. In order to ensure a reliable supply of
electricity under these conditions, we must invest in

the maintenance and expansion of German network
infrastructure. We estimate that this will require

€650 million in funds per year until 2016. To use
networks more effectively and flexibly, we are developing
new control technologies and testing them in field trials.
An example of this is the ‘Smart Operator’ project on
which we report on page 85.


--- Page 8 ---

our inves Review of operations Our responsibility Resp

30 Strategy

= Strengthening our supply position through innovative
products and services. By the end of 2013, we were
supplying 16.1 million households and companies in
Europe with electricity and 7.4 million with gas. Our
customers expect fair prices and offerings that satisfy
their needs. In the face of ever fiercer competition, we
are extending our field of activity beyond the classical
supply of electricity and gas, in order to defend our
market positions. We develop new business models for all
customer segments by pooling our know-how in the fields
of energy supply and information technology. The result
is innovative products and solutions tailored to suit
individual needs, distinguishing us from other utilities.

In view of rising energy costs, more and more households
want to reduce consumption, albeit without diminishing
their quality of life. We have the right products for this,
e.g. smart meters, automated domestic consumption
controls (smart homes) and offerings for electric cars.

We also market our energy efficiency expertise to
commercial and medium-sized industrial enterprises.
Using state-of-the-art measuring techniques and RWE’s
energy controlling system, our experts analyse energy

consumption and develop tailored optimisation measures.

‘onsolidated fina ment urther inforn 37

We also have a strong position in the field of decentralised
energy supply. In Germany, we currently operate over
1,000 combined heat and power (CHP) generation plants
with a total net installed capacity of about 3,000 MW. In
many cases, we do this together with municipal partners
or industrial enterprises. In addition, we develop new
business models based on decentralised generation
technologies such as micro-CHP units and photovoltaics.
For example, we launched an innovative system for the
local storage of solar power named ‘RWE HomePower
solar’ in the spring of 2013. Users of the system can
consume electricity produced with their solar panels
themselves to a far greater extent. The advantage is
two-fold: our customers save money and, as

fluctuating solar feed-ins drop, the grid becomes

more stable.

Value added: the key control parameter of the

RWE Group. We measure the economic success of our
strategy based on the extent to which it contributes to
increasing the company’s value. The value management
concept presented on page 68 et seq. serves as a basis for
this. The central control parameter for all of the Group's
activities is value added, which we derive from the operating
result, the costs of capital and capital employed. In addition
to other individually agreed targets, value added is also a
parameter for the variable compensation of our executives.
Conversely, the company-linked bonus component for the
Executive Board of RWE AG is based on the operating result
and, to a limited extent, on the degree to which we achieve
our goals in the field of corporate responsibility.


--- Page 9 ---

Annual Report 2013

1.2 ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

Last year was characterised by economic uncertainty. Based on available data, the economy shrank in the Eurozone,

whereas it expanded marginally in Germany. Electricity consumption in our Western European markets decreased
slightly due to the weak economy and continued energy savings, but demand for gas was revitalised due to the

colder weather. The pressure on margins of conventional power plants increased, particularly in Germany and the
Netherlands. This was due to low hard coal prices and the subsidised expansion of renewable energy.

Europe’s economy remains weak. Based on available data,
global economic output in 2013 was 2% higher than a year
earlier. The sovereign debt crisis continues to characterise
the general economic situation in the Eurozone, where gross
domestic product (GDP) may have declined overall. However,
based on initial estimates by the German Bureau of
Statistics, GDP in Germany, the currency area’s largest
economy, rose by 0.4%, partly due to robust consumer
spending. Conversely, the Netherlands followed the
European trend: Dutch GDP probably declined by 1%. In
contrast, a gain of 1.9% was calculated for the United
Kingdom, with positive stimulus coming in particular from
the service sector. The above-average momentum of the
economy in Central Eastern Europe waned substantially.
Initial surveys for Poland and Hungary indicate GDP growth
of 1.3% and just under 1%, respectively. Conversely, a
decline of 1.5% has been estimated for the Czech Republic.

Weather colder than in 2012. Whereas the economic trend
is primarily reflected in demand for energy from industrial
enterprises, residential consumption of electricity and gas

is strongly influenced by weather conditions. The colder it
is, the greater the need for heating. In the west of Europe,
overall temperatures in 2013 were slightly below the
average of the ten preceding years, whereas in the north
easternmost countries of Europe, they were slightly above it.
Compared to 2012, the weather in all of our key European
markets was marginally colder.

The generation of electricity is also affected by the weather,
with wind levels playing a major role. In Germany and
Poland, average utilisation of our wind farms was down on
2012, whereas in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and
Spain, it was slightly higher. Our German run-of-river power
stations benefited from the fact that, in the spring, rivers
had higher water levels due to the significant amount of

rainfall and melting water. As a consequence of the
substantial rise in solar power capacity in Germany, solar
intensity also influences developments on the electricity
market. In Germany, an average of 1,591 hours of sunshine
was recorded in 2013, as opposed to 1,647 a year before.

Weather-driven growth in gas consumption, weak
development of demand for electricity. The weak economy
curtailed electricity consumption in our core markets.
According to estimates made by the German Association of
Energy and Water Industries (BDEW) for 2013, demand for
electricity in Germany was 1.8% lower than in 2012. Based
on available data, demand for electricity in the Netherlands
and the United Kingdom was also down, whereas it rose
marginally in Poland and grew by 4% in Hungary. In
contrast, demand for gas was revitalised by the colder
weather: based on figures calculated by BDEW, consumption
in Germany was approximately 6% higher year on year.
Network operators in the Netherlands and the United
Kingdom calculated rises of just over 2% and just under 1%,
respectively. Gas consumption in the Czech Republic rose by
an estimated 2%.

Uncertainty about demand weighs on oil prices. In 2013,
prices on international crude oil markets slightly lagged
behind the high level achieved a year earlier. A barrel of
North Sea Brent traded at an average of US$109 (€82) on
the London spot market. This is US$3 less than in 2012. The
marginal decline in price reflects the uncertainty concerning
the development of demand in China, the USA and euro
crisis countries. Another factor was that US oil inventories
occasionally hit all-time highs. The price drop was mitigated
by the continued tension in the Middle East, particularly in
Syria. Furthermore, the need for crude oil has risen in
emerging countries. Unexpected supply stoppages at some
producers also contributed to stabilising oil prices.


--- Page 10 ---

Review of operations Our responsibility Responsibili

38 Economic environment
44 Political « '

urther informatic 39

One-year forward gas prices on the TTF wholesale market
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2012 forward 2013 forward 2014 forward
28
06 WAY
24
22
2011 2012 2013

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Forward prices in gas trading stable. Some gas imports to
Continental Europe are based on long-term agreements
indexed to the price of oil concluded between energy
utilities and producing companies. Therefore, import prices
are partly determined by developments on the oil market.
Gas supplied to Germany in 2013 was settled at an average

of €28 per megawatt hour (MWh), €2 less than a year earlier.

In contrast, oil prices do not have a direct impact on the
development of quotations in European gas trading. Spot
prices at the Title Transfer Facility (TTF), the Dutch trading
hub and reference market for Continental Europe, averaged
€27 per MWh, €2 up on 2012. The weather-driven increase
in demand for gas was a major factor. Gas forward contracts

(2014 forward) were also traded at €27 per MWh. This
roughly equals the price of the 2013 forward in 2012.

Gas prices in the customer business developed as follows:
households in Germany had to pay slightly higher tariffs
than in 2012. In the Netherlands and the United Kingdom,
the same customer group had to pay 2% and 8% more,
whereas in the Czech Republic, their bills were reduced by
5%. Industrial customers did not experience a notable
change in price compared to 2012 in Germany. In the
Netherlands and the Czech Republic, gas was 13% and 5%
cheaper for them, whereas in the United Kingdom, it was
11% more expensive.

One-year forward wholesale prices for coal deliveries to Amsterdam/Rotterdam/Antwerp

US$/metric ton of coal (average weekly figures)

2012 forward
140

2013 forward

2014 forward

130

120

110

100

90

80

2011

2012 2013

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.



--- Page 11 ---

Annual Report 2013

Further drop in prices on the hard coal market. The
downward trend in hard coal prices witnessed in the
previous year continued. In 2013, coal shipments including
freight and insurance to Amsterdam/Rotterdam/Antwerp
were quoted at an average of US$82 (€62) in spot trading,
US$11 less than in 2012. The one-year forward (API 2 Index)
was listed at US$89 (€67), US$14 less than in 2012. The
global coal market tends to be oversupplied. On the demand
side, China's slowed growth is coming to bear. In addition,
the devaluation of the rupee is curtailing India’s coal
imports, while low-cost shale gas is reducing the need for
other energy sources in the USA. On the supply side, the
fact that many countries expanded their mining capacities in
the past is having an effect. Despite shrinking margins,
production volumes are only hesitantly being adjusted to
the new circumstances. The development of coal quotations
also reflects sea freight rates, which recently stabilised after
along downward trend. Last year, the standard route from
South Africa to Rotterdam cost an average of US$9 per
metric ton, US$1 more than in 2012.

Weak industrial activity depresses prices in emissions
trading. European trading of carbon dioxide (CO,) emission
allowances is also characterised by a persistent slump.

In 2013, the standard certificate (referred to as an EU
Allowance or EUA) for 2014 traded at an average of

€4.70 per metric ton of CO, as opposed to the previous
year’s comparable figure of €7.90. The substantial decline
in price observed since 2011 is partly due to the economy-
driven weakening in both industrial output and electricity

generation. The rapid expansion of renewable energy also
plays a role, especially in Germany: feed-ins from solar
panels and wind turbines are increasingly replacing
electricity generated by fossil-fuelled power stations, also
causing demand for emission allowances to decline. In the
meantime, it is becoming apparent that far more certificates
will be available than are actually needed in the third
emissions trading period, which runs from 2013 to 2020.
However, based on current legislation, surplus EUAs may be
transferred to later trading periods, which means that the
development of prices will also be significantly influenced by
the market's expectations of the future of the emissions
trading system after 2020.

As a result of the Clean Development Mechanism created by
the Kyoto Protocol, European companies may also cover their
domestic emissions up to a specified cap by submitting
Certified Emission Reductions (CERs). These are credits
earned from emission-reducing measures in developing and
emerging countries. CERs also became much cheaper: in the
year under review, certificates for 2014 traded at an average
of €0.50 as opposed to the previous year’s comparable
figure of €3.30. The drop in price is due to the fact that the
EU set volume caps for recognising CERs in the European
Emissions Trading System. In addition, there are currently no
significant sales markets for these certificates outside of
Europe. Therefore, in view of the large number of emission-
reducing projects around the world, it is expected that far
more CERs will be generated than can ever be used.

CO, certificate prices in the European emissions trading system
€/metric ton of CO, (average weekly figures)

Contract for 2012
20

Contract for 2013

Contract for 2014

" SAL.

Waa

|

2011

MEU Allowance (EUA) _lil_ Certified Emission Reduction (CER)

2012 2013

Source: RWE Supply & Trading.



--- Page 12 ---

Review of operations Our responsibility Res

38 Economic environment

Wholesale electricity market: decline in prices in
Germany, rise in prices in the UK. The significant decrease
in the price of hard coal and emission allowances as well as
the increase of feed-ins under the German Renewable Energy
Act (REA) caused wholesale electricity prices in Germany, our
largest generation market, to drop considerably. On the spot
market last year, base-load power sold for an average of

€38 per MWh, €5 down on 2012. Quotations on the forward
market also fell: the 2014 base-load forward was priced at
an average of €39 per MWh, €10 less than what had to be
paid for the 2013 forward in 2012.

In the United Kingdom, where we have our second-largest
generation position, base-load power traded at an average
of £50 (€59) per MWh on the spot market, compared to

£45 a year earlier. The gas price spikes in March 2013
caused by the weather played a role: in the United Kingdom,
gas-fired power plants account for a much bigger share of
electricity generated than in Germany and therefore have a
stronger influence on electricity prices. A tax on CO,

Consolidated financial statements urther informatic 41

emissions introduced by the government with effect from

1 April 2013 also had a price-increasing impact. Quotations
in UK forward trading were also up. The one-year base-load
forward was settled at £53 per MWh in 2013, as opposed

to £50 a year earlier. Converted to euros, forward prices were
flat (€62). This is due to the devaluation of the British pound.

Wholesale electricity prices in the Netherlands, our third-
largest market, are greatly influenced by developments in
Germany and therefore also by the rise in feed-ins pursuant
to the REA. This is due to cross-border electricity flows.
However, as network capacity is limited, prices in the two
countries can differ from one another considerably. Last
year, wholesale electricity prices in the Netherlands were
much higher than in Germany. Averaged for the year, the
Dutch base-load spot price was €52 per MWh, €4 more than
in 2012. Conversely, forward quotations declined: electricity
supply contracts for the following calendar year were settled
at an average of €47 in 2013, compared to €52 a year
earlier.

One-year forward base load
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2012 forward

2013 forward

2014 forward

70

nO

50

|

Ww

40
30
2011 2012 2013
Ml Germany {% Netherlands Mm UK Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

Declining electricity generation margins. The earnings of
our power stations depend not only on the development of
wholesale prices, but also on the cost of the fuel and
emission allowances required to produce electricity. We
cover the uranium consumption of our nuclear power plants

via long-term agreements at stable conditions. The fuel
costs of our lignite-fired power stations also hardly fluctuate.
This is because, in general, lignite is not traded, and we
mine it ourselves. In contrast, we source nearly all the fuel
for our hard coal and gas-fired power plants from liquid


--- Page 13 ---

42 RWE Annual Report 2013

trading points. This explains why the generation costs of
these stations typically fluctuate more. We operate hard coal
and gas-fired power plants primarily in Germany, the United
Kingdom and the Netherlands. Their margins are referred to
as clean dark spreads (hard coal) and clean spark spreads
(gas) and are the result of deducting the costs (including
taxes) of the required fuel and CO, certificates from the unit
price of electricity.

The two following graphs illustrate the development of clean
dark spreads and clean spark spreads since 2011 based on
one-year forward transactions. Clean dark spreads in
Germany were relatively stable. The average margins for
one-year forwards in 2012 were slightly higher than in 2011.

The spreads in 2013 declined. An opposing trend was
witnessed in the Netherlands. In the United Kingdom, clean
dark spreads trended upward throughout the entire
reporting period, clearly exceeding the German and Dutch
levels.

Margins realisable by gas-fired power stations were much
lower than the clean dark spreads. In addition, the gap
between the two spreads widened over time. Clean spark
spreads shrank considerably in Germany. They were also
down in the Netherlands, albeit to a lesser extent. In
contrast, they were almost flat in the United Kingdom,
but still much higher than in Continental Europe.

Clean dark spreads' forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2012 forward 2013 forward 2014 forward
30
* eo
————— pe
0
2011 2012 2013
Ml Germany % Netherlands Ml UK Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of hard coal and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 35% to 36%, including tax burdens.

Clean spark spreads’ forward trading
€/MWh (average weekly figures)

2012 forward 2013 forward 2014 forward

10
—_—-——— SS

0
_ eee"

-10
on SS".

2011 2012 2013

ll Germany % Netherlands Mil UK Source: RWE Supply & Trading.

1 Price of base-load electricity minus the cost of gas and CO, emission allowances based on a power plant efficiency of 49% to 50%, including tax burdens.


--- Page 14 ---

our inves Review of operations responsibility Resp

38 Economic environment

Early electricity forward sales curtail earnings drop.

We sell forward most of the output of our power plants
and secure the prices of the required fuel and emission
allowances in order to reduce short-term volume and price
risks. Therefore, developments on wholesale markets in
2013 only had a minor impact on the income we generated
in that year. What was decisive instead was the conditions
at which electricity contracts for delivery in 2013 were
concluded in preceding years.

The average wholesale price we realised for our 2013
electricity generation was above the level realisable on
today’s forward markets, especially in Germany. We sold the
electricity produced by our lignite-fired and nuclear power
stations for an average of €51 per MWh, falling short of the
previous year’s comparable figure (€55). As explained
earlier, the fuel costs of these two generation technologies
are fairly stable. Therefore, the earnings shortfalls were not
contrasted by comparable relief on the procurement side,
causing margins to deteriorate. We experienced some slight
relief in electricity generation from lignite from the decrease
in quotations in CO, emissions trading. Average prices
realised by our gas and hard coal-fired power stations in
Germany, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands were
also unable to match the previous year’s levels. However, in
hard coal-based generation, this was mitigated by relief
provided by purchases of fuel and emission allowances,
whereas in gas-based generation, we recorded shrinking
margins.

Heavy burdens due to abolition of free CO, emission
allowance allocations. The fact that power producers in
Western Europe are hardly being allocated any free
certificates by government for the third CO, emissions
trading period, which runs from 2013 to 2020, also resulted
in substantial earnings shortfalls. This effect applies to
nearly all of RWE’s fossil fuel-fired power plants, but is being
cushioned somewhat by the decline in prices in emissions
trading. It does not have a direct impact on electricity prices
or spreads as these are determined by the market prices of
emission allowances and not by the manner in which they
are allocated by government. About two-thirds of the
certificates RWE needed for 2012 were allocated for free.

consolidated finar ment urther i 43

Electricity retail business: state surcharges drive up
German residential tariffs. Unlike on the wholesale market,
prices in the German customer business rose: they were 12%
and 4% higher year on year in the residential and industrial
sectors, respectively. This is mainly due to state surcharges
included in electricity bills, which account for half of the
total price paid by households. A main contributing factor is
the REA apportionment, which was increased from 3.59 euro
cents to 5.28 euro cents as of 1 January 2013 and
experienced another significant rise as of 1 January 2014,
advancing to 6.24 euro cents. The levy in support of
combined heat and power plants has also increased. In
addition, the offshore liability surcharge in accordance with
Section 17f of the German Energy Act was introduced with
effect from 1 January 2013. The funds are set aside for
financing compensatory payments for delays in connecting
offshore wind farms to the grid.

Customers in the United Kingdom also had to pay more for
electricity. UK residential tariffs rose by an average of 7%
compared to 2012. Electricity bills reflect the costs of energy
savings measures in households, which the major utilities
are obliged to undertake within the scope of a government
programme (see page 48). Electricity became about 4%
more expensive for industrial enterprises. In the
Netherlands, prices charged to households also rose,
increasing by nearly 4%, whereas industrial enterprises

paid some 3% less.

In our Central Eastern European markets, residential tariffs
developed as follows: for households in Poland they were up
marginally, whereas in Slovakia they declined by about 2%
and in Hungary they dropped by 12% due to regulatory
requirements. Prices paid by Polish industrial enterprises
dropped even more: electricity for this customer group was
18% cheaper due to a collapse in prices on the wholesale
market. The level of prices charged to Hungarian and Slovak
industry was essentially unchanged.


--- Page 15 ---

Annual Report 2013

1.3 POLITICAL ENVIRONMENT

Energy policy reforms are on the agenda in many of the markets in which we operate. In Germany, the new governing

coalition intends to make the promotion of green electricity more market-oriented and cost efficient. The coalition
also envisages the creation of a mechanism for supporting conventional power stations, without which security of

supply may be at risk over the long term. The United Kingdom has already decided to introduce a mechanism of this
kind. National reforms are being monitored by the European Union. By issuing new framework requirements, Brussels

wants to improve the harmonisation of national regulations. However, in addition to these encouraging acti

ies,

there were also some setbacks in 2013: political intervention in Hungary and Spain continued, to the detriment of

utilities.

EU publishes guidelines for state intervention in the
electricity sector. The future of energy supply is at the

very top of the political agendas of European countries.
Brussels also accords significant importance to the issue. In
February 2011, the European Council reached an agreement
to complete the single energy market by 2014. In light of
the slow progress made, this goal was confirmed in May
2013. The reduction of competition-distorting regulatory
intervention is considered the main prerequisite for a
functioning single market. Against this backdrop, the

EU Commission submitted a notification on 5 November
2013 in which it provided EU member states with guidelines
for government intervention in the electricity sector. One of
the main topics is the promotion of renewable energy, which
is being reformed in many countries. The EU Commission is
of the opinion that financial support for renewables should
be reduced to a minimum. It believes that subsidised
technologies should gradually be exposed to market prices
as they mature, eventually having their subsidies removed.
The Commission recommends that the member states
coordinate their strategies for promoting renewable energy
better than in the past. It further suggests avoiding
unannounced or retrospective changes to applicable rules.

In its communication, the EU Commission also addresses
reserve capacity, which is becoming increasingly important
as the amount of fluctuating electricity feed-in from wind
turbines and solar panels grows. In this context, it builds
on the plans of several countries for creating a capacity
mechanism. This type of mechanism ensures that power
producers are compensated for keeping power plant
capacity in reserve in addition to receiving income from
the sale of electricity. In the Commission's view,
governments should examine the reasons for insufficient
generation before reaching decisions on capacity

mechanisms. It feels that the first step should entail
removing all distortions of competition which prevent the
market from providing the right incentives for investing in
generation capacity. Investment hurdles might result from
regulated electricity prices or exaggerated renewable energy
subsidies, among other things. Furthermore, governments
should ensure that green energy producers react to market
signals and should support flexibility on the demand side,
for example by promoting the introduction of various
consumer tariffs as an incentive to use electricity in off-peak
periods. If capacity mechanisms are introduced, they should
be aligned with the European perspective and not just with
their respective national markets.

The Commission's guidelines are not legally binding.
However, they should be applied when examining state
intervention for the promotion of renewable energy,
capacity mechanisms and demand-side measures. Therefore,
they are decisive to the enforcement of EU rules governing
state subsidies and of EU energy law.

Brussels seeks to harmonise the promotion of renewable
energy. On 18 December 2013, EU Competition
Commissioner Joaquin Almunia submitted a draft guideline
on state energy and environmental subsidies for
consultation among EU member states. This initiative also
aims to strengthen the single market. Some of the main
points of the draft correspond to those of the Commission
guidelines for government intervention in the electricity
sector set out above. For instance, it recommends a more
market-friendly, cost-effective approach to the promotion of
renewable energy. Furthermore, the draft confirms the
secondary importance of capacity mechanisms as it specifies
that they should only be allowed in cases where concerns
about the availability of generation capacity cannot be


--- Page 16 ---

our inves Review of operations responsibility Resp

44 Political environment

allayed by building additional energy infrastructure or other
measures enabling more flexible demand or storage. The
finalised subsidy guidelines are scheduled to be submitted
in the middle of 2014, after the consultations have ended.
They will replace current guidelines, which expire at the end
of 2014. From 2015 onwards, for the first time, there may
be uniform criteria according to which Brussels decides
whether measures to promote renewable energy conform
with EU law. So far, Brussels has decided on state aid in the
electricity and gas sectors on a case-by-case basis.

Competition Commissioner examines industry rebates on
the green energy levy. Concurrent to the submission of the
draft guidelines for energy and environmental subsidies, the
European Commission opened an investigation into the
subsidies under the German Renewable Energy Act (REA).
The objective is to determine whether the rebates on the
REA apportionment granted to energy-intensive industrial
enterprises distort competition and therefore violate EU law.
The probe targets the version of the REA that entered into
force on 1 January 2012 and enlarged the group of
privileged companies. EU regulators are also looking into
what is termed the green energy privilege pursuant to Sec.
39 of the REA, which exempts power producers from paying
the REA apportionment if certain conditions are met. The
Commission has made it extremely clear that the launch

of the investigation of the aids is not prejudicial to the final
decision. Should the probe reach the conclusion that the
special equalisation rule and/or the green energy privilege
are impermissible subsidies, they would be illegal. However,
the German government or other stakeholders could take
legal action against such a decision. In the meantime,
Germany’s new Christian Democrat/Christian Social Union/
Social Democrat government has initiated a reform of the
REA (see page 46).

EU sets the stage for temporary shortage of CO,
emission allowances. In November 2013, the EU member
states approved intervention into the European carbon
emissions trading system to support certificate prices. It is
envisaged that the allocation of emission allowances

consolidated finar ment urther i 45

covering a total of 900 million metric tons of carbon dioxide
from the auction contingent for 2014 to 2016 be withheld
until the last two years of the third emissions trading period,
which runs from 2013 to 2020 (referred to as backloading).
The European Parliament had given the go-ahead for this on
3 July 2013. Backloading is being introduced as a quick
reaction to the huge surpluses of emission allowances.
However, experts estimate that these surpluses clearly
exceed the volume of withheld certificates. Therefore, the
general consensus is that price signals - and in turn the
incentivising effect of the emissions trading system - can
only be strengthened through structural reforms. The

EU Commission has taken a first step in this direction by
submitting the Climate and Energy Package, which we

have outlined below.

EU Commissioner Hedegaard proposes ambitious climate
protection roadmap. At the end of January 2014, Connie
Hedegaard, the EU Commissioner for Climate Protection,
presented a Climate and Energy Package specifying
measures for reducing greenhouse gas emissions after 2020.
The roadmap envisages a 40% drop in EU emissions by 2030
compared to 1990. At the same time, the package aims to
increase the share of gross final energy consumption
accounted for by renewable energy at the European level to
27% by 2030. It does not include country-specific targets.
Another goal is to strengthen the European Emissions
Trading System by making the supply of certificates flexible
(Supply Adjustment Mechanism). The basis for this is an
annual measurement of the certificate surplus, which
corresponds to the difference between the certificates
issued and used since 2008. If certain threshold values are
exceeded or not reached, the volume of certificates
auctioned in subsequent years would be reduced or
increased. The Adjustment Mechanism has already been
included in a proposed law on structural reforms of the
emissions trading system, which is being negotiated
between the European Council and the European Parliament
under the codecision procedure. However, the emission
reduction target is subject to approval by the heads of state
and government at the EU Summit in March 2014.


--- Page 17 ---

46 RWE Annual Rep

t2013

New German government sets course for energy policy.
At the end of November 2013, two months after the
German Federal elections, the Christian Democrats/Christian
Social Union and the Social Democrats entered into a
coalition agreement containing guidelines for their joint
governmental activities. In the contract, the coalition parties
confirm the former course of Germany’s energy policy.
However, they have emphasised that “the cost-efficiency
and economic viability of the system as a whole - including
network expansion and the necessary reserve capacity -

be accorded higher significance” within the context of the
expansion of renewable energy. The government coalition
seeks to introduce a rapid and fundamental reform of the
REA, which is scheduled to be outlined by Easter 2014. The
coalition agreement already includes some of the
cornerstones of this project. One of the objectives of the
reform is to reduce the compensation paid to owners of
wind farms in onshore locations with high wind levels, in
order to avoid over-subsidisation. The German government
plans to maintain the feed-in fees for electricity generated
by offshore wind farms for the time being, but has lowered
its offshore capacity expansion target to 6.5 gigawatts (GW)
by the end of 2020 (previously 10 GW). Generators of
electricity complying with the REA will be increasingly
obliged to sell their electricity on the exchange themselves
instead of leaving this up to the electricity network
operators. Direct sales of this kind are already possible
today. In such cases, power producers are refunded the
difference between the feed-in tariff and the sales price.
Moreover, the government intends to abolish the green
energy privilege.

The coalition agreement confirms that lignite, hard coal and
gas-fired power stations will be an indispensable part of the
domestic energy mix in the foreseeable future, as electricity
generated by wind turbines and solar panels alone cannot
ensure security of supply. It further sets out that there is
currently enough conventional generation capacity,
conceding that this situation could change by the end of this
decade. This point in the paper considers the recent drop in
the profitability of conventional power plants. As a result of
the significant decline in German wholesale electricity prices,
many stations are not capable of covering their operating
costs and should actually be shut down. In addition, since

it has largely become unprofitable to build new power
plants, it is conceivable that at some point, there may no
longer be enough available conventional generation
capacity to guarantee security of supply. This is why the
coalition agreement stipulates that, over the medium term,

a capacity mechanism be developed which is cost-efficient,
competition-oriented, open to all technologies and in line
with European regulations.

At the end of January, the German government held a
convention at which the energy market reform was
discussed, and the plans included in the coalition agreement
were given more detail. They envisage reducing the capacity
expansion of solar panels and onshore wind turbines to
2,500 MW per year for each of the technologies. The
objective is to reduce REA compensation. Last year, it
averaged 17 euro cents per kilowatt hour (kWh) for all
existing plant. An average fee of 12 euro cents for new plant
has been targeted for 2015. By then, a cap of 9 euro cents
is envisaged for onshore wind power. Furthermore, the
government wants to oblige operators of new plant with a
net installed capacity of 500 kilowatts or more to sell green
energy directly on the market. The obligation would then

be gradually expanded to include smaller units. The coalition
also wants the REA apportionment to be paid for electricity
generated for self-consumption. Facilities which were
commissioned before 2013 would be subject to a reduced
fee of 0.96 euro cents per kWh. Operators of new plant
would pay 90% of the current REA apportionment, which
amounts to 6.24 euro cents per kWh. Conversely, the
government wants to maintain the exemption from the
green energy apportionment for small self-consumers.

German Lower House passes law on selection of final
storage facility for highly radioactive waste. On 28 June
2013, the German Lower House enacted the German Site
Selection Act, the law governing the search for a final
storage facility for highly radioactive waste. At the
beginning of July, the Upper House also gave the go-ahead.
According to the Act, the search for a site will be conducted
nationwide and without a preselection of locations. In
addition, sites such as Gorleben in the State of Lower Saxony
will not be ruled out from the start. A Committee of Enquiry
composed of 33 members representing the federal
government, state administrations and non-governmental
organisations will prepare the procedure. Their proposals
must be submitted by the end of 2015. The period
envisaged for the selection process ends in 2031. This does
not include the actual approval process or the construction
of the final storage facility. By law, the costs of the selection
process must be borne by the nuclear power plant
operators. These have been set at approximately €2.7 billion
in nominal terms. Based on the applicable formula, about a
quarter of this sum would be allocable to RWE.


--- Page 18 ---

our inves! Review of operations responsibility Responsib 1

44 Political environment

The Netherlands reaches consensus on National Energy
Plan. On 6 September 2013, the Dutch government signed
a national energy agreement (‘Energieakkoord’), which
outlines the future course of the country’s energy policy.
This was preceded by months of negotiations between the
Dutch state, industry, the association of power utilities,
consumer organisations and environmental associations.
Talks were coordinated by the Socio-economic Council of
the Netherlands (SER), which advises the government. The
agreement envisages at least 14% of energy needs in the
Netherlands being covered by renewable sources by 2020
and 16% by 2023. In 2013, this ratio was just 4.4%. In
expanding renewables, the Netherlands is focusing on wind
power and biomass. The government aims to increase net
installed wind power capacity to 6,000 MW onshore by 2020
and 4,450 MW offshore by 2023. A new subsidy system has
been planned for co-generation using sustainably produced
biomass in coal-fired power stations. Distributed renewables-
based electricity supply will be incentivised by tax privileges.
Energy efficiency measures are expected to be supported by
a number of initiatives, including the creation of a dedicated
fund. The objective is to reduce the country’s energy usage
by an annual 1.5% through to 2020.

The Dutch government has further agreed with the power
utilities that five coal-fired power stations, which were built
in the 1980s, will be shut down as of 1 January 2016. This
includes block 8 of our Amer power plant. In turn, the

Dutch coal tax, which we have been paying since 2013 (see
page 46 of the 2012 Annual Report), will be abolished - also
as of 1 January 2016. However, the Dutch Competition
Authority has appealed against this provision in the energy
agreement because it believes that it constitutes a restrictive
arrangement. Given the widespread acceptance of the
Energieakkoord and the contracting parties’ intention to
maintain its cornerstones, ways are now being sought to
implement this part of the agreement nevertheless.

‘onsolid. jar ment urther i 47

United Kingdom: law to reform the electricity market
passed. In December 2013, the UK Parliament passed the
Energy Act, which includes the legal framework for a
fundamental reform of the UK electricity market (‘Electricity
Market Reform’or EMR). The reform’s primary objective is to
achieve goals relating to domestic climate protection and
the expansion of renewables. The targeted reduction in the
UK's carbon dioxide emissions is 34% by 2020 compared to
1990. The goal is to have renewable energy cover at least
15% of final energy consumption and account for 30% of
electricity generation by 2020. The Act includes the key
points of a system for supporting climate-friendly electricity
generated from renewable sources, nuclear energy and fossil
fuel in combination with carbon capture and storage. Green
electricity producers currently receive Renewables
Obligation Certificates (ROCs). A mechanism referred to as

a Contract for Difference (CFD) will be introduced in the
future. The idea is to guarantee that electricity generators
receive a contractually agreed fee for the electricity they
feed into the system. If the price they can realise on the
wholesale market is below the fee, they will be refunded the
difference. If it exceeds the fee, they will be obliged to make
payments. The subsidy will be financed by supply companies
in line with the amounts of electricity which they purchase
on the market. CFDs are scheduled to be concluded starting
in 2014. The prerequisite is that they comply with the EU’s
future state aid guidelines.

The EMR will also include the introduction of an Emission
Performance Standard, limiting allowable carbon emissions
for new plants to 450 grams per kilowatt hour of electricity
generated. Plans also envisage the introduction of a capacity
market, as the expansion of renewable energy is also
causing the margins of conventional power stations to shrink
in the UK. This will exclude plants that are already receiving
subsidies under the ROC or CFD system. Capacity auctions
are scheduled to begin in 2014 and will relate to capacity for
2018.

Major elements of the EMR remain to be clarified even
though the Energy Act has been passed. They will be
addressed by regulations in 2014. It cannot be ruled out
that the reform may only be implemented after the
parliamentary elections in May 2015.


--- Page 19 ---

48 RWE Annual Rep

t2013

UK government aims to reduce residential energy costs.
Mounting energy costs and the resulting public resentment
will be one of the pivotal issues in the campaign for the next
parliamentary elections in the UK. Ed Miliband, the Leader
of the Labour Party, announced in September 2013 that
residential electricity and gas tariffs would be frozen for

20 months in the event of a Labour victory. In reaction, the
Conservative-Liberal government announced a catalogue of
measures in December, which would lead to a reduction in
energy costs as early as 2014. The government's goal is to
reduce the average residential electricity and gas bill by a
total of £50 (about €60) in the current year. One of the
measures it has taken to this end is to scale back the Energy
Companies Obligation (ECO), a programme launched by the
state. ECO obliges the major power providers to take
measures to improve energy efficiency in homes. The
resulting costs have made a significant contribution to the
increase in electricity prices. In addition, the government
intends to make a one-off payment to energy companies in
the autumn of 2014, which they will be obliged to pass on
to their customers to reduce their energy bills by £12. At the
beginning of January, RWE npower announced lower tariffs
with effect from 28 February 2014, which will fully take the
relief offered by the ECO programme into account. Together
with the one-off payment in autumn, the tariff cut will
reduce the energy bills of customers who purchased both
electricity and gas from us by the targeted £50.

Doubts concerning fair competition in the energy sector
have surfaced repeatedly in the debate on energy costs.
Although switching providers is more commonplace in the
UK supply business than in most other European markets,
the government wants to further promote customer
willingness to switch. One of the factors it is relying on

to achieve this is an increased transparency of price
comparisons. From 1 January 2014 onwards, energy
companies will be allowed to offer no more than four
residential tariffs and from 1 April 2014, they will be obliged
to indicate on bills which of their tariffs is most affordable
for their customers. In the future, the UK regulator Ofgem
(Office of Gas and Electricity Markets) will conduct an
analysis of the competitive environment in the energy sector
once a year. The first review is scheduled to be completed in
the spring of 2014.

As in Germany, there is a widespread lack of public
knowledge about the real reasons for the development of
prices on the UK energy market. Politicians and the media
complaining about a lack of competition and making the
energy companies’ quest for profits responsible for rising
energy costs can therefore expect the public’s widespread
approval. Against this backdrop, RWE npower initiated
the ‘Energy Explained’ campaign in 2013, through which
the company provides detailed information on items
making up electricity and gas bills. Among other things,
this demonstrates that the energy costs for which the
government is responsible have risen disproportionately:
their share of the total bill rose from 8% in 2007 to 15%
in 2013.

Hungarian government imposes further burdens on
energy companies. The difficult energy policy framework
conditions in Hungary worsened dramatically last year.

In particular, the fiscal burdens on utilities rose substantially.
The Hungarian government continued imposing a special tax
on companies from the energy, telecommunication and
retail sectors, which was set to expire at the end of 2012.

In addition, it increased the tax rate: the tariff for energy
companies rose from 8% to 31%. Whereas the levy used to
apply only to utilities active in the non-regulated sector,
since 2013 it has also been imposed on income from
regulated businesses. Including the corporate tax (19%),
the income tax rate applicable to energy utilities now totals
50%. Furthermore, the country introduced a cable tax in
2013. It affects electricity, gas, district heating and water
utilities as well as telecommunications companies. They have
to pay an annual 125 forints (€0.43) per metre of cable or
pipe. Utilities were also subjected to additional burdens by
the Hungarian regulatory authorities: the Energy Authority
and the National Development Ministry determined that
residential electricity and gas tariffs in the regulated sales
segment be reduced by 10% with effect from 1 January
2013 and an additional 11.1% as of 1 November 2013. The
interventions mentioned above curtailed our 2013 operating
result by approximately €50 million. Against this backdrop,
we exited from the Hungarian gas business at the end of the
year (see page 51). In contrast, we are still active along the
entire value chain in the electricity business.


--- Page 20 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibilit

44 Political environment

Spain decides to make drastic cuts in renewable energy
subsidies. Subsidies received by producers of electricity
from renewables in Spain will decline substantially. This has
been established by a law on the reform of the electricity
market, which entered into force at the end of December
2013. The fixed feed-in tariffs paid so far will be replaced
retrospectively to July 2013 by a new compensation system,
the details of which will be set out in a decree. The system
should ensure that the generation facilities achieve a pre-tax
return on capital equivalent to the ten-year average of
Spanish government bonds plus 300 basis points. At
present, this would be 7.4%. Based on previous legislation,
green energy producers received a fixed tariff, which could
be as high as €460 per MWh for old plant, and was set

for 25 years. Since 2010, state intervention detrimental to
electricity generators has risen in Spain due to the country’s
tight state budget. We recognised an impairment in the
Renewables Division (see page 70) due to the latest

amended law and the impending implementation regulation.

49


--- Page 21 ---

50 RWE

Annual Report 2013

1.4 MAJOR EVENTS

In 2013, the critical situation in the conventional electricity generation business caused us to take further measures
to strengthen RWE’s finances and earnings. We decided to take a number of loss-making gas-fired power stations
offline. We significantly expanded and accelerated our current efficiency-enhancement programme. Furthermore, we
adopted a new dividend policy, which reflects the tighter financial framework. We successfully concluded the planned
sale of the Czech long-distance gas network operator NET4GAS. This and other divestments resulted in total proceeds
of €2.2 billion. The outcome of the arbitration proceedings with Gazprom was also encouraging: our loss-making gas
purchase agreement with the Russian gas group was adapted and we were awarded a significant compensation

payment for earlier losses.

RWE adopts new dividend policy. In light of the
deterioration in the earnings prospects of the conventional
electricity generation business, in September 2013 the
Executive Board of RWE AG decided to adjust the company’s
dividend policy. The Supervisory Board endorses this
decision. The two corporate bodies will propose to

the Annual General Meeting, which will take place on

16 April 2014, a dividend of €1 per common and preferred
share for fiscal 2013, compared to €2 for the 2012 financial
year. The dividend proposal for fiscal years from 2014
onwards will be in line with a payout ratio of 40% to 50%
of recurrent net income, as opposed to 50% to 60% in the
past years. The funds retained as a result of the reduced
payout ratio will be set aside to reduce debt.

New measures to improve efficiency. In November, the
Executive Board of RWE AG announced the expansion of

the current efficiency-enhancement programme, which we
had launched in 2012. We originally intended to take
measures to reduce costs and increase revenue, in order to
make a recurrent contribution to earnings of €1 billion. We
wanted to achieve this goal by the end of 2014. We now aim
to reach at least €1.5 billion by 2016. Most of the measures
which we started implementing in 2013 concern the
conventional electricity generation business.

RWE secures improved price conditions for gas purchases
from Gazprom. At the end of June, an arbitration court
largely granted RWE’s motion for an adjustment of the price
conditions for gas under the long-term procurement contract
with Gazprom. The contract had caused us to incur losses for
several years, as due to its link to the price of oil, the costs
incurred for that gas were far above the prices realisable on

European wholesale markets. Gas procurement agreements
indexed to the price of oil used to be the standard. However,
short-term trades, the prices of which oil does not influence
directly, became increasingly significant once energy
markets were liberalised. Since 2009, prices paid for such
transactions have been much lower than those established
in gas procurement contracts linked to the price of oil. In

its final ruling, the court awarded us a reimbursement of
payments. Furthermore, the formula used to determine the
purchase conditions was supplemented by gas price
indexation, which the judges believe to reflect the relevant
market conditions in May 2010, when the price revision
began. However, the influence of the price of oil, which put
us at a disadvantage, was not eliminated, but reduced.
Therefore, the contract still weighs on our result. In
consequence, we started a new price revision in May 2013.

RWE puts upstream business up for sale. In March 2013,
the Executive Board of RWE AG decided to withdraw from
the oil and gas exploration and production business. Since
then, we have been considering options for selling RWE Dea.
The company was an integral part of the Group's portfolio in
the past, as having access to proprietary gas sources was
strategically important. This stopped being the case when
liquid gas markets were formed in Europe. Furthermore,
there are hardly any synergies between RWE Dea and the
rest of our core business. We expect the sale of the company
to contribute to strengthening our financial power,
especially because we will be able to save substantial funds,
which have been earmarked for capital expenditures
necessary to tap RWE Dea’s full potential for growth.


--- Page 22 ---

our inves Review of operations Our responsibility Resp

50. Major events

RWE sells Czech long-distance gas subsidiary. In the year
under review, we completed the sale of our Czech long-
distance gas network operator NET4GAS. It was acquired in
early August by a consortium consisting of Allianz Capital
Partners and Borealis Infrastructure Management. The
transaction resulted in proceeds of €1.6 billion. NET4GAS
owns the exclusive license for the operation of the long-
distance gas network in the Czech Republic, which has a
length of more than 3,600 kilometres. As part of our exit
from the Czech gas transmission business, we also withdrew
from the Nabucco gas pipeline project, which has since
been discontinued. We sold our stake in Nabucco to OMV,
the Austrian consortium manager, at the beginning of
March 2013.

Exit from LNG company Excelerate Energy. We also
divested our 50% interest in Excelerate Energy, a company
active in the liquefied natural gas (LNG) business, which
was held by RWE Supply & Trading. The buyer was George
B. Kaiser, who was the company’s other shareholder.

The transaction was completed in September, but took
retrospective commercial effect from 30 June 2013. Having
specialised in trading and transporting LNG initially, the
company now focuses on providing LNG infrastructure
globally. This is not part of RWE’s core business.

RWE Innogy sells minority stakes in UK wind farms. To
raise more capital for the expansion of renewable energy,
RWE divested minority interests in four UK wind farms. RWE
remains the majority owner and operator of the plants. The
biggest of these transactions was the sale of a 49.9% share
in the Welsh offshore wind farm Rhyl Flats, which has a total
net installed capacity of 90 megawatts (MW). The stake was
purchased in equal parts by Greencoat UK Wind, a listed
investment trust in the field of renewable energy, and state-

urther inforn 51

owned UK Green Investment Bank. In addition, RWE Innogy
sold minority interests in three UK onshore wind farms to
Greencoat UK Wind: 41% of Little Cheyne Court (60 MW)
and 49% of both Middlemoor (54 MW) and Lindhurst

(9 MW). The aforementioned transactions provided total
proceeds of £237 million (€279 million).

RWE npower sells two supply companies to Telecom Plus.
In December, RWE npower sold the supply companies
Electricity Plus Supply and Gas Plus Supply to UK-based
energy and telecommunications provider Telecom Plus. The
price amounted to £218 million (€261 million). We have
already received £196 million of this sum, and the remainder
falls due after three years. The divested companies have a
total of about 770,000 customers, who now buy electricity
and gas from us indirectly via Telecom Plus. A 20-year
supply agreement to this effect was concluded as part of
the sale. The reason for the transaction was that UK energy
companies may only offer four electricity and four gas tariffs
from 2014 onwards. As Electricity Plus and Gas Plus charge
their customers separate tariffs, keeping them would have
further limited RWE npower’s flexibility in terms of pricing.

FOGAZ shareholding sold to Hungarian MVM Group.

At the end of the year, we signed a contract for a further
disposal: the state-owned Hungarian energy utility MVM will
become the new owner of our 49.8% stake in the regional
gas utility FOGAZ. The transaction has a volume of 41 billion
forints (about €137 million) and is pending approval from
the competition authorities. FOGAZ operates a gas network
with a length of 5,800 kilometres and serves over 800,000
customers. The remaining 50.2% of the company is owned
by the City of Budapest. The divestment was conducted
against the backdrop of the significant rise in regulatory
pressure in the Hungarian gas business.


--- Page 23 ---

Annual Report 2013

Sale of Dutch district heating business initiated. Also in
December, we agreed with pension fund PGGM and energy
service provider Dalkia that these two companies would
acquire Essent Local Energy Solutions (ELES), our Dutch
subsidiary which specialises in district heating. It is also
envisaged that PGGM and Dalkia purchase three gas-fired
power plants using combined heat and power generation
technology from us. The stations in Helmond, Eindhoven
and Enschede were previously operated by RWE Generation.
It was agreed to keep the transaction volume confidential.

RWE starts producing electricity in Turkey. At the
beginning of August, our new gas-fired power station near
the town of Denizli in the southwest of Turkey began
commercial operation. The plant has a net installed capacity
of 787 MW and is among the most modern of its kind, with
an efficiency of 57%. The owner and operator is a joint
venture, in which RWE and Turkey-based energy company
Turcas hold interests of 70% and 30%, respectively. A total
of €0.5 billion in capital was spent on the construction of
the station.

New wind farms go online. Last year, the RWE Group
expanded its wind farm portfolio even further. Early July saw
the completion of the expansion of the Belgian Thornton
Bank offshore wind farm's net installed capacity from an
initial 30 MW to a total of 325 MW. RWE Innogy has a stake
of 26.7% in the wind farm, making it the largest private
shareholder. Thornton Bank generates enough electricity
to supply approximately 600,000 households. Total capital
expenditure on the wind farm amounted to €1.3 billion.
We also increased our onshore wind power capacity: wind
farms with a total net installed capacity of about 140 MW
went online in 2013. The single-largest projects completed
were Middlemoor in the United Kingdom (54 MW) and
Nowy Staw in Poland (45 MW).

RWE Innogy discontinues Atlantic Array wind farm
project. In November, we announced that we would end
the development of the Atlantic Array offshore wind project
off the southern coast of Wales. Following a thorough
review, we reached the conclusion that the undertaking is
not profitable in the current market environment due to
technical hurdles. The water depth and the unfavourable
characteristics of the seabed in particular would have driven
up costs significantly. The British Crown had awarded

RWE Innogy the exclusive rights to develop Atlantic Array

in the middle of 2008. The company had originally planned
to build wind farms with a total net installed capacity of
1,200 MW.

RWE takes about 3,700 MW of generation capacity
offline in the UK. Three of our UK power stations were
decommissioned in the fiscal year under review. They

were all subject to lifetime limitations resulting from the
implementation of EU emission regulations for large
combustion plants. Therefore, in March, we ceased the
operation of the Didcot A hard coal-fired power station,
which had a net installed capacity of 1,958 MW. Also in
March, our oil-fired power plant at Fawley was permanently
taken offline. With a net installed capacity of 968 MW, this
facility had not reached the end of its allotted lifetime,

but had become unprofitable. In August, our biomass-fired
power station at Tilbury also stopped generating electricity.
The three units, which had a total net installed capacity

of 742 MW, had originally run on hard coal, before being
converted to biomass in 2011. Despite the retrofit, this
power plant was also subject to the lifetime limitation under
emission law. We would have had to make substantial
investments to continue operating it. However, this would
have been unprofitable given the current regulatory
framework.

Gas-fired power plant in Duisburg-Huckingen sold. In
late December, we reached an agreement with Hiittenwerke
Krupp Mannesmann GmbH (HKM) to sell our gas-fired
power plant in Duisburg-Huckingen to HKM. We will receive
€99 million for it. The station has a net installed capacity of
approximately 600 MW and has been in operation since the
mid-1970s. It supplies electricity and steam to the HKM
metallurgical plant, which is located on the same premises.
RWE will retain the operating management of the station
until at least 2024.


--- Page 24 ---

our inves Review of operations Our responsibility Resp

50. Major events
7 t

RWE announces power plant closures. In August 2013
and February 2014, we announced that we intended to take
German and Dutch gas-fired power stations with a combined
net installed capacity of about 3,800 MW off the market

by the middle of 2014. These include the Claus C and
Moerdijk 2 stations, which we had only commissioned at
the beginning of 2012. The backdrop to this decision is

the plants’ lack of economic viability due to the substantial
drop in wholesale electricity prices. However, the stations
may be recommissioned if market conditions improve. In
contrast, the 610 MW Dutch hard coal-fired power plant
Amer 8 will be shut permanently. This is a result of the
Dutch energy agreement, on which we have provided

some information on page 47. It requires hard coal power
stations built in the 1980s to be closed in 2016. In August,
we also announced that we would stop using German hard
coal-fired power plants with a total net installed capacity of
1,170 MW, to which RWE has contractual usage rights.
These agreements will expire by the end of 2014 at the
latest and will not be extended.

Gas production started in the Disouq and Breagh
concession areas. RWE Dea has passed some major
milestones in expanding its upstream position. At the
beginning of September, our subsidiary began producing
gas in the Disoug concession in the Egyptian Nile Delta.
Since the middle of October, it has also been producing gas
from the Breagh UK North Sea field. Disoug is our first gas
project in Egypt and we are the sole proprietor of the
concession. The Breagh field is one of the highest-yielding
gas discoveries in the southern part of the UK North Sea.
We have a 70% share in the production license, with the
remaining 30% being held by Sterling Resources UK.

The total reserves of the Disouq and Breagh fields are an
estimated 11.4 billion and 19.8 billion cubic metres.

RWE Dea’'s projected output from the two fields from 2014
to 2017 is an annual 1.8 billion cubic metres of gas and

1.1 billion cubic metres of gas, respectively.

‘onsolidated fina ment urther inforn 53

German nuclear fuel tax becomes a case for German
Constitutional Court and European Court of Justice.

At the end of January 2013, the Hamburg Fiscal Court
announced that it found the German Nuclear Fuel Tax Act
unconstitutional and would therefore refer the case to

the German Constitutional Court for review. The Hamburg
judges found that the levy was not an excise duty but
instead aimed to skim corporate profits. Income taxes of
this kind cannot be introduced by the government alone.
In addition, the Hamburg Fiscal Court expressed its

doubts about the nuclear fuel tax’s compliance with
European law. Therefore, it announced in the middle of
November 2013 that it would let the European Court of
Justice in Luxembourg clarify the main issues concerning
the tax. The key question is whether the Nuclear Fuel Tax Act
is in line with the Energy Tax Directive and the

Excise Tax System Directive. We do not expect the

German Constitutional Court or the European Court of
Justice to issue their rulings until after 2014. In view of the
considerable doubts about the legality of the nuclear fuel
tax, we filed a motion for the tax payments to be suspended
until the legal situation has been clarified definitively and
to be provisionally reimbursed payments already made. A
decision was still pending when this report went to print.

Administrative Court finds nuclear moratorium imposed
on Biblis illegal. At the end of February 2013, the Hessian
Administrative Court of Justice in Kassel ruled that the order
to shut down our Biblis nuclear power station immediately
after the reactor catastrophe at Fukushima was illegal. In
March 2011, the German government had ordered a three-
month stoppage of seven German nuclear power plants
(nuclear moratorium), including the Biblis A and B units.

We filed suits against this order, as we were of the opinion
that it lacked a legal basis. The Kassel judges confirmed this
assessment. Their judgement became legally binding after
the German Administrative Court dismissed an appeal
against the rejection of the appeal lodged by the State of
Hesse in December 2013. We are preparing a civil suit for
compensation for damages.


--- Page 25 ---

al Report 2013

RWE pools supply expertise in new organisational unit.
In November 2013, the Executive Board of RWE AG decided
to establish RWE Retail, which will be responsible for all

of the Group’s supply activities. Its tasks will also entail
developing a groupwide supply strategy as well as control
measures across companies and countries. Another objective
is to make the special expertise and successful concepts

of individual regional supply units usable throughout the
Group. RWE Retail is not a company: it is a management
unit created by RWE AG as of 1 January 2014, which will
gradually take on its envisaged tasks over the course of the
year. The management team consists of six management
board members from RWE supply companies, who will fulfil
their new duties in addition to their existing ones. RWE
Retail is headed by the Chairman of the Executive Board

of RWE Deutschland AG, Dr. Arndt Neuhaus.

RWE streamlines company structure in Czech Republic.
We have made our Czech energy business more powerful
and efficient by pooling local gas distribution and supply
activities in two companies. The basis for this was a complex
sequence of transactions: first, in January 2013, we
combined the gas distribution activities of our four Czech
regional utilities and assigned them to a new company,
RWE Grid Holding a.s. (RGH). Then we transferred just under
35% of RGH to a group of funds managed by Macquarie. In
addition to a cash payment, we received additional shares
in three of our four regional utilities, which Macquarie had
purchased from their sole proprietors SPP, EON and GDF
Suez. This and the acquisition of the last outstanding
minority shareholdings increased our stakes in the four

regional utilities to 100% and met the prerequisite for
bundling our regional supply activities in a single company,
RWE Energie, with effect from 1 January 2014. RGH and
RWE Energie are managed by RWE Ceska republika a.s.,
which we established in 2012.

RWE AG Executive Board reduced to four mandates;
contract extension for Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz. At its
meeting on 27 February 2013, the Supervisory Board of
RWE AG extended the contract of the Executive Board
member Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz by five years until

31 January 2019. Dr. Schmitz joined the Executive Board

in May 2009 and has been its Deputy Chairman since

1 July 2012. Dr. Leonhard Birnbaum, the Executive Board
member in charge of commercial management, resigned his
office with immediate effect from 22 March 2013. Alwin
Fitting resigned from the corporate body as of 31 March
2013 as he retired. His successor, Uwe Tigges, who joined
the Executive Board on 1 January 2013, was appointed
Labour Director on 1 April 2013. After Dr. Birnbaum’s
resignation, the Supervisory Board decided to distribute the
tasks of RWE’s Executive Board among the four remaining
mandates. This decision is also a demonstration of the
efforts being made to simplify structures and reduce costs.

Major events after the end of the period under review.
In the period from 1 January 2014 until the editorial
deadline for this report on 14 February 2014, there were no
events which have a material effect on the financial, asset,
or earnings positions of the RWE Group.


--- Page 26 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Res}

55 Commentary on the reporting structure

Consolidated financial statements urther informatic 55

1.5 COMMENTARY ON THE REPORTING STRUCTURE

RWE Group
Conventional ‘Supply/ Supply Supply Central Eastern Renewables Upstream Trading/Gas
Power — Distribution Netherlands/ United Kingdom —_ and South Gas & Oil Midstream
Generation Nenraris Belgium Eastern Europe
Germany
RWE RWE Essent RWE npower RWE East RWE Innogy RWE Dea RWE Supply
Generation Deutschland & Trading

Internal Service Providers
RWE Consulting

RWE Group Business Services
RWE IT

RWE Service

As of 31 December 2013.

Group structure with eight divisions. The presentation

of our business performance in 2013 is based on a new
reporting structure. We pooled nearly all of our fossil-fuelled
and nuclear electricity generation in the newly established
RWE Generation SE with effect from 1 January 2013. This
gives us a more efficient setup and allows us to react more
swiftly to the significant changes in the power plant sector.
The establishment of RWE Generation created the new
segment called ‘Conventional Power Generation.’ The RWE
Group is now divided into eight segments based on
geographic and functional criteria, which are also referred to
as divisions. We have adjusted prior-year figures to the new
structure, in order to enable like-for-like comparisons.

The following is an overview of the RWE Group's divisions:

= Conventional Power Generation: The electricity
generation activities of RWE Power (including opencast
lignite mining), Essent and RWE npower have been
assigned to this segment. It also includes our new gas-
fired power plant near the Turkish town of Denizli and
RWE Technology, which specialises in project management
and engineering. All of these activities are managed by
RWE Generation.

= Supply/Distribution Networks Germany: This division is
in charge of the supply of electricity, gas and heat as well
as the operation of our German electricity and gas
distribution networks. It is overseen by RWE Deutschland,
to which Westnetz, RWE Vertrieb (including eprimo and
RWE Energiedienstleistungen), RWE Effizienz,

RWE Gasspeicher and our German regional companies
belong. Our minority interests in Austria-based KELAG and
Luxembourg-based Enovos are also assigned to the
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany Segment.

= Supply Netherlands/Belgium: This is where we report on
the activities of Essent, a leading energy utility in the
Netherlands. Since the Dutch electricity generation
operations were transferred to RWE Generation, the
company has focused on the supply of electricity, gas and
heat. Essent is becoming increasingly active in the Belgian
supply market.

= Supply United Kingdom: Assigned to this division is
RWE npower, which ranks among the six major energy
companies in the United Kingdom. As our UK power
stations are now operated by RWE Generation, like Essent,
RWE npower’s focus is solely on the supply business.

= Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe: This division
contains our activities in the Czech Republic, Hungary,
Poland, Slovakia, Turkey and Croatia. Our Czech business
focuses on the supply, distribution, supraregional
transmission, transit and storage of gas. We are the
nation’s market leader in this field. However, as we sold
NET4GAS at the beginning of August 2013, we have
withdrawn from the gas transmission and transit sector.
In 2010, we also started selling electricity in the Czech
Republic. In Hungary, we cover the entire electricity value
chain, from production through to the operation of the
distribution system and sales to end-customers. We


--- Page 27 ---

nnual Report 2013

were also active in the Hungarian gas supply sector via a The ‘other, consolidation’ item. We present certain
minority stake, but have discontinued this business. In groupwide activities outside the divisions as part of ‘other,
addition, the Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe consolidation.’ These are the Group holding company
Division includes our Polish activities, consisting of the RWE AG as well as our in-house service providers RWE Group
distribution and supply of electricity. In Slovakia, we are Business Services, RWE Service, RWE IT and RWE Consulting.
active in the electricity network and electricity retail This item also includes our minority interest in the electricity
businesses via a minority interest and in the gas supply transmission system operator Amprion.

sector via RWE Gas Slovensko. We have started to sell
electricity in Turkey, an activity in its very early stages.
Our wastewater business in Zagreb (Croatia), which used
to be assigned to RWE Deutschland, has belonged to the
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe Division since
1 January 2013. In addition, we became active in the
Croatian energy supply business via Energija 2 (now
RWE Energija), a company which we acquired in early
June 2013.

= Renewables: This is where we present the figures of
RWE Innogy, which generates electricity and heat from
renewable sources, particularly wind, water and biomass.
Its major production sites are located in Germany, the
United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Spain and Poland.

= Upstream Gas & Oil: This division consists of the activities
of RWE Dea. The company produces gas and oil, focusing
on Germany, the United Kingdom, Norway and Egypt.

* Trading/Gas Midstream: Assigned to this division is
RWE Supply & Trading, which is responsible for trading
energy and commodities, marketing and hedging
the RWE Group’s electricity position over the long and
short term, and running the entire gas midstream
business. Furthermore, it supplies some major German
and Dutch industrial and corporate customers with
electricity and gas.


--- Page 28 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Ou

responsibility Res

Eco
44 Political environmen

¢ ones
57. Business performance

1.6 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

ement

Consolidated financial statements urther informatio: 57

The deterioration in the market conditions for our power plants clearly left its mark on the consolidated financial
statements: significant impairments in the conventional electricity generation business resulted in us recording a
negative net income in 2013. In contrast, as expected, the operating result amounted to €5.9 billion. The burdens in
the electricity generation business also came to bear here, particularly the abolition of free allocations of emission
allowances. However, a substantial positive effect was felt from compensatory payments, which we were awarded in

the successful price revision proceedings with Gazprom. The major progress we made in implementing our ongoing
efficiency-enhancement programme was also encouraging.

Electricity production Lignite Hard coal Gas Nuclear Renewables Pumped Total
by division storage,
oil, other
Billion kWh 2013, 2012) «2013, 2012, 2013, 2012, 2013, 2012, 2013, 2012, 2013, 2012, 2013-2012
Conventional Power
Generation 75.8 75.6 47.6 59.6 36.1 38.2 30.5 30.7 4.8 43 20) 2.4 197.7 210.8
of which:
Germany’ 75.8 75.6 29.4 35.5 6.4 7.3 30.5 30.7 0.9 0.8 20) 2.4 145.9 152.3
Netherlands/Belgium - - 6.5 7.3 5.8 5.9 - - 1.0 1.4 2 - 123 14.6
United Kingdom = - 11.7 16.8 22.3 25.0 = - 2.9 21 2 - 36.9 43.9
Turkey - - - - 1.6 - - - - - - - 1.6 -
Central Eastern and South
Eastern Europe 5.4 5.4 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 - - - - - - 5.6 5.6
Renewables S - S - 0.2 0.2 S - 8.0° 7. 2 - 8.2 7.3
RWE Group? 81.2 81.0 51.3 60.6 37.0 39.6 30.5 30.7 13.8 12.4 2.9 2.8 216.7 227.1

1. Including electricity from power plants not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term agreements. In 2013, it amounted to 21.8 billion kWh
(previous year: 25.2 billion kWh), of which 18.5 billion kWh were generated by hard coal-fired power plants (previous year: 22.4 billion kWh)..
2. Including electricity procured from power plants co-financed by RWE, which are owned by companies that are not fully consolidated. In 2013, these purchases totalled 1.8 billion kh

(previous year: 1.4 billion kWh).
3. Including small generation volumes of other divisions.

Electricity generation down 5%. In the financial year
that just came to a close, the RWE Group produced
216.7 billion kilowatt hours (kWh) of electricity, 5% less
than in 2012. During 2013, 37% of electricity generation
was from lignite, 24% from hard coal, 17% from gas, and
14% from nuclear. The share of renewable energy
amounted to 6%.

The decline in electricity production is in part due to the
decrease in our generation capacity. At the end of March
2013, we shut down Didcot A power station in the UK, which
had a net installed capacity of 1,958 megawatts (MW).
Furthermore, we stopped using some German hard coal
stations owned by third parties because the corresponding
contracts had expired at the end of the preceding year. The
further deterioration in market conditions for our gas-fired

power plants also had a negative effect. However, we
generated more electricity from renewables than in 2012.
This is partly due to the improved availability of the Tilbury
biomass-fired power plant in the UK, which had been offline
for several months after a fire in 2012. It has since been
decommissioned. In addition, the continued expansion of
our wind turbine capacity contributed to the increase in
electricity generated from renewables. Another factor was
the weather-driven rise in the use of our German run-of-river
power plants compared to 2012.

In addition to our in-house generation, we procure
electricity from external suppliers. These volumes totalled
70.6 billion kWh in 2013, as opposed to 67.2 billion kWh
in the previous year.


--- Page 29 ---

58 RV

Annual Report 2013

Among Europe's leading electricity generators, with a
capacity of 49 gigawatts. At the end of the 2013 financial
year, the RWE Group had an installed capacity of 49.0
gigawatts (GW), ranking it fourth in Europe. This includes
mothballed stations, which are currently not operated for
economic reasons. Since the end of 2012, our power plant
capacity has dropped by 2.9 GW. The decommissioning of
Didcot A (hard coal), Fawley (oil) and Tilbury (biomass)
power stations in the UK played an important role. However,
capacity was also added, in particular the gas-fired power
plant near the town of Denizli in the west of Turkey, which
was completed in the middle of 2013. In addition, we
expanded our onshore wind power portfolio. We have

reported on the aforementioned closures and commissioning

of plant in more detail on page 52.

At the end of 2013, gas accounted for the biggest share

of the RWE Group's installed generation capacity

at 34% (preceding year: 30%), followed by lignite at

23% (21%), hard coal at 20% (23%), nuclear at an
unchanged 8% and renewables at 7% (8%). The portion
accounted for by renewables declined somewhat due to
the closure of the Tilbury biomass-fired power plant. The
core region for our electricity production is Germany, where
61% of our installed capacity is located. The United Kingdom
and the Netherlands follow, accounting for shares of 23%
and 10%, respectively.

Power plant capacity Gas ignite Hard coal Nuclear Renewables Pumped Total Total
by division storage, 31 Dec 2012
as of 31 Dec 2013, in MW oil, other
Conventional Power
Generation 15,955 10,291 9,152 3,901 386 4,031 43,716 47,104
of which:
Germany’ 5,006 10,291 6,662 3,901 55 2,342 28,257 28,785
Netherlands/Belgium 3,429 - 936 - 331 - 4,696 4,696
United Kingdom 6,733, - 1,554 - - 1,689 9,976 13,623
Turkey 787 - - - - - 787 -
Central Eastern and South
Eastern Europe 151 780 - - 3 - 934 935
Renewables 4a - 107 - 2,854 - 2,908 2,803
RWE Group? 16,440 11,071 9,950 3,901 3,496 4,178 49,036 51,977

1. Including capacities of power stations not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term agreements. As of 31 December 2013, these generation
capacities amounted to 6,424 MW (preceding year: 6,623 MW), of which 4,259MW were based on hard coal (preceding year: 4,458 MW).

2. Mostly combined heat and power plants.
3 Including capacities of other divisions.

CO, emissions 9% down year on year. In fiscal 2013, our
power stations emitted 163.8 million metric tons of carbon
dioxide. Our own plants accounted for 144.3 million metric
tons, and the remaining 19.5 million metric tons came from
contractually secured capacity. Our emissions were

16.0 million metric tons, or 9%, lower year on year. This is
mainly due to the decrease in electricity generation from
hard coal. The emission factor of our power stations,
reflecting the CO, emissions per megawatt hour (MWh) of

electricity produced, dropped to 0.76 metric tons (previous
year: 0.79 metric tons). The increase in electricity generated
from renewables was a significant factor. In contrast, the
highly efficient gas-fired power stations we commissioned in
the Netherlands and the United Kingdom in 2012 were
unable to make the desired contribution to improving our
CO, balance due to the unfavourable market conditions for
these plants.


--- Page 30 ---

our i Review of operations Our responsibilit Responsibi m ‘onsolid. ment urther informal 59
57 Business performance
Emissions balance by division CO, emissions Free allocation of CO, certificates Shortage of CO, certificates
million metric tons of CO, 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012
Conventional Power Generation 153.4 171.4 6.7 114.2 146.2 57.2
of which:
Germany’ 125.7 136.1 6.3 85.4 119.4 50.7
Netherlands/Belgium 8.3 8.4 0.3 8.6 8.0 -0.2
United Kingdom 18.9 26.9 0.1 20.2 18.8 6.7
Turkey? 0.5 - = - = -
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 6.5 6.6 0.2 5.2 6.3 1.4
RWE Group? 163.8 179.8 74 121.4 155.9 58.4

1. Includes power stations not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on the basis of long-term agreements. In the year under review, they produced 19.5 million metric tons
of CO, (preceding year: 21.1 million metric tons) and stopped receiving free allocations of CO, certificates (preceding year: allocation for 18.9 million metric tons).
2. As Turkey does not participate in the European Emissions Trading System, we do not need allowances for our CO, emissions in that country.

3 Including small emission volumes of other divisions.

Free emission allowances only cover 5% of CO, emissions.
Since the beginning of the third emissions trading period,
which runs from 2013 to 2020, the countries of Western
Europe have only allocated energy utilities emission
allowances for free in exceptional cases. After covering
121.4 million metric tons in carbon emissions with such
allocations in 2012, the amount covered in 2013 dropped to
a mere 7.4 million metric tons. This results in a shortage of
155.9 million metric tons compared to 58.4 million metric
tons in the previous year. We made up for most of the
shortage by buying certificates.

We cover a small amount of our CO, emissions by submitting
certificates obtained through emission reductions within the
scope of Kyoto Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) and
Joint Implementation (JI) projects. In the past decade,

RWE launched a number of projects to acquire certificates of
this kind. However, their market price has dropped so much
that new projects are hardly worthwhile. In addition,
regulatory restrictions hardly leave any room for new
projects. Since we began our CDM and JI activities, we have
contractually secured emission allowances for 64.4 million
metric tons of carbon dioxide. Many of these contracts are
still in force. The actual number of certificates received in
this manner will probably be smaller than the contractually
secured volume as some projects may fail or their carbon
savings may lag behind expectations. Taking such risks into
account, we expect to have emission allowances covering
49.5 million metric tons of CO,. By the end of 2013, we had
already received certificates for 43.9 million metric tons,
almost all of which we have already submitted to the German
Emissions Trading Authority or sold on the exchange.

Marginal decline in hard coal purchasing volumes. Raw
materials are sourced by our generation companies either
directly on the market, or via RWE Supply & Trading. In 2013,
the amount of hard coal procured to generate electricity
totalled 15.1 million metric tons of hard coal unit (HCU),
compared to 18.1 million metric tons in the previous year.
The decrease is a result of the reduced utilisation of our hard
coal-fired power stations. The figures include coal for plants
not owned by RWE that we can deploy at our discretion on
the basis of long-term agreements. We meet most of our
need with imports from Colombia, the USA and Russia. In
Germany, we buy limited amounts of domestically

produced hard coal. Most of the biomass used at our

Amer (Netherlands) and Tilbury (United Kingdom) power
stations was imported from North America, some of which
came from our wood pellet factory in Georgia.

RWE sources lignite from proprietary opencast mines. In

the Rhineland, our main mining region, we produced

98.3 million metric tons of lignite in the year under review
(prior year: 101.7 million metric tons). Of this, our power
plants used 85.8 million metric tons to generate electricity,
and we used 12.5 million metric tons to manufacture refined
products.

We procure nearly all of the gas needed for electricity
production and the supply business via RWE
Supply & Trading. Our purchasing volume for 2013
amounted to 39 billion cubic metres, slightly more than
the previous year’s level (38 billion cubic metres). This
was mainly due to the development of sales volumes
presented on page 62. Roughly half of our purchasing
was based on long-term take-or-pay contracts, largely


--- Page 31 ---

Annual Report 2013

with producers in Norway, Russia, the Netherlands and
Germany. Furthermore, we sourced gas from European
wholesale markets and from external suppliers on the basis
of short-term agreements. We procured small amounts from
our upstream company RWE Dea.

Upstream position remains strong. Via RWE Dea, we are
active in the exploration and production of oil and gas. Our
main production sites are in Germany, the UK North Sea, off
the coast of Norway and in Egypt. As of 31 December 2013,
RWE Dea had 20 million cubic metres in crude oil reserves
and 57 billion cubic metres in natural gas reserves.
Converting the gas to oil equivalent (OE) and adding it to the
crude oil results in a total of 75 million cubic metres of OE.
Reserves is the term used for raw materials stored under the
ground, the existence of which has been proven, and the
production of which is economically feasible and legally
secured. These are different to proven resources, which are
recoverable raw material deposits, for which it has not yet
been established whether production is economically
feasible and for which no development plan exists. At the
end of 2013, RWE Dea had proven resources of 50 million
cubic metres of oil and 108 billion cubic metres of gas. This
totals 155 million cubic metres of OE, 38 million more than in
the prior year, whereas reserves declined by 47 million cubic
metres of OE. The main reason is that the hydrocarbon
volumes of the large-scale Egyptian project West Nile Delta,
formerly classified as reserves, are now reported as proven
resources due to an ongoing revision of the field
development plan.

Slight increase in gas production. In the fiscal year that
just ended, RWE Dea produced 2,625 million cubic metres
of gas and 2,316,000 cubic metres of oil. In oil equivalent,
this results in a total output of 4,858,000 cubic metres,

or 30.6 million barrels. This was nearly on a par with the
volume achieved in the previous year, which totalled
4,892,000 cubic metres, or 30.8 million barrels. Natural gas
production was up 2% on 2012. This was primarily because
we started production in four new fields. The Clipper South
and Devenick UK North Sea fields were commissioned in
August and September 2012. They were followed in the year
being reviewed by the Egyptian field Disouq in September
and the UK North Sea field Breagh in October. However,
production from Breagh was interrupted from the beginning
of November to the end of December due to technical
problems. In addition, the reduction in volume caused by
the natural depletion of reserves came to bear. This primarily
had an impact on our fields in Germany and the United
Kingdom. Our gas output was positively affected by the fact
that, as production progressed in the Norwegian Gjga field,
the share of output accounted for by gas rose, whereas the
proportion allocable to oil dropped. This was also the main
reason why RWE Dea produced 3% less oil year on year. In
addition, our oil production operations in Denmark were
halted for a few months due to problems with processing
and storage infrastructure. Conversely, we produced more
oil from our German Mittelplate field than in 2012. Besides
technical improvements, a new production well was a
contributing factor.

External electricity sales volume Residential and Industrial and Distributors Electricity trading Total
commercial customers corporate customers

Billion kWh 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012
Conventional Power Generation 0.3 0.3 0.8 1.0 1.1) 9.1 S - 12.2 10.4
Supply/Distribution Networks

Germany 23.1 24.0 30.0 30.8 78.0 69.3 = - 131.1 124.1
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 113 11.2 10.2 95 1.6 - = - 23.1 20.7
Supply United Kingdom val 17.9 30.6 30.8 0.2 - = - 47.9 48.7
Central Eastern and

South Eastern Europe 8.3 8.1 9.2 8.9 6.0 6.1 2 - 2305) 23.1
Renewables 0.1 0.1 = - 2.0 1.9 S - 21 2.0
Trading/Gas Midstream - - 20.7 31.7 - - 10.2 17.0 30.9 48.7
RWE Group" 60.3 61.7 101.5 112.7 98.9 86.4 10.2 17.0 270.9 277.8

1 Including small volumes subsumed under ‘other, consolidation.’


--- Page 32 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibilit

57. Business performance

Electricity sales volume 2% down year on year. In the
year under review, RWE sold 270.9 billion kWh of electricity
to external customers, 2% less than in 2012. Volumes in the
Trading/Gas Midstream Division declined significantly,
because RWE Supply & Trading has not auctioned off
electricity since 1 January 2013. In 2007, we had agreed
with the Federal Cartel Office that we would conduct such
auctions for the supply period from 2009 to 2012. Customer
losses and energy savings by households led to a marginal
drop in volume at our UK Group company RWE npower.
Conversely, we posted gains in the German supply business,
predominantly in the distributor business, thanks to

Consolidated financial statements urther inforn 61

successful customer acquisitions and stronger demand
from existing customers. However, the sales volumes we
achieved from reselling electricity feed-ins under the
German Renewable Energy Act (REA) to transmission
network companies were down on 2012. This is because
operators of plant covered by the REA increasingly market
their electricity directly instead of selling it to the network
operators. Furthermore, the divestment of Koblenzer
Elektrizitatswerk und Verkehrs-Aktiengesellschaft (KEVAG) in
December 2012 removed supply volumes. As in Germany,
we also sold more electricity in the Netherlands/Belgium
region, where the share of high-volume buyers rose.

Electricity customers by region Total Of which: residential and commercial customers

Thousands 2013 2012 2013 2012
Germany 6,696 6,730 6,644 6,679
Netherlands 2,171 2,181 2,167 2,177
Belgium 332 285 330 283
United Kingdom 3,583 4,030 3,396 3,865
Hungary 2,123 2,152 2,121 2,150
Poland 908 898 907 897
Czech Republic 238 167 236 166
Croatia 28 - 28 -
RWE Group 16,079 16,443 15,829 16,217

As of 31 December 2013, the RWE Group's fully
consolidated companies supplied electricity to
16,079,000 customers, of which 6,696,000 were in
Germany. Compared to 2012, customer figures decreased
by 364,000. The number of households and small
commercial enterprises served declined by 388,000 to
15,829,000. This was largely due to the sale of the supply
subsidiary Electricity Plus Supply in the United Kingdom,

on which we reported on page 51. RWE’s customer base in
the other major markets it serves, namely Germany, the
Netherlands, Hungary and Poland, was stable. We recorded
double-digit percentage gains in Belgium and the Czech
Republic. Furthermore, we now state figures for electricity
customers in Croatia, because we acquired the supply
company Energija 2 (now called RWE Energija) in June 2013.


--- Page 33 ---

Annual Report 2013

External gas sales volume Residential and commercial _ Industrial and corporate Distributors Total

customers customers
Billion kWh 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012 2013 2012
Supply/Distribution Networks
Germany 29.2 29.0 2203) 19.3 38.4 25.7 89.9 74.0
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 47 37.7 415 43.2 = - 83.2 80.9
Supply United Kingdom 43.1 44.2 21 2.2 0.8 - 46.0 46.4
Central Eastern and South Eastern
Europe 18.3 20.3 31.2 26.9 1.7 16.1 51.2 63.3
Upstream Gas & Oil S - 7.0 17 13.3 14.2 20.3 15.9
Trading/Gas Midstream - - 20.4 13.5 23.9 12.7 44.3 26.2
RWE Group’ 132.3 131.2 124.6 106.9 78.1 68.7 335.0 306.8

1 Including small volumes in the Conventional Power Generation Division.

Weather drives up gas sales volume by 9%. At

335.0 billion kWh, RWE’s gas sales volume was 9% higher
year on year. We recorded increases in all customer
segments at the Group level. In business with households
and small commercial enterprises, we benefited from the
weather-induced rise in heating needs. Moreover, we won
industrial and commercial customers in particular in the
German and Czech markets. The strongest rise in sales
volume was posted in the distributor segment. Customer

acquisitions made a major contribution here, especially in
Germany, where, in addition, numerous existing customers
increased their purchases, partly due to the weather. The
Trading/Gas Midstream Division also posted significant
growth in sales to distributors, whereas the Central Eastern
and South Eastern Europe Division recorded a decline of a
similar order. This is a result of the transfer of the Czech
wholesale business to RWE Supply & Trading.

Gas customers by region Total Of which: residential and commercial customers

Thousands 2013 2012 2013 2012
Germany 1,305 1,302 1,291 1,292
Netherlands 1,967 1,958 1,962 1,953
Belgium 209 173 208 172
United Kingdom 2,322 2,655 2,315 2,648
Czech Republic 1,451 1,598 1,445 1,594
Slovakia 97 59 96 59
RWE Group 7,351 7,745 7,317 7,718

As of balance sheet date, our fully consolidated companies
had a total of 7,351,000 gas customers, most of which were
in the United Kingdom, followed by the Netherlands, the
Czech Republic and Germany. Compared to the previous
year, our customer base shrank by 394,000. In the
residential and small commercial enterprises segment, it
declined by 401,000 to 7,317,000, primarily due to the sale

of the UK subsidiary Gas Plus Supply (see page 51). The

significant competitive pressure in the Czech Republic also

played a role. We defended our shares of the residential
and commercial customer markets in Germany and the

Netherlands. In 2013, we successfully maintained the
course for expansion charted in Slovakia and Belgium.


--- Page 34 ---

‘0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Responsibility statement — Consolidated financial statements Further information 63
omic environment
oe
55 Commentary on the reporting structure
57 Business performance
External revenue 2013 2012 +/-
€ million %
Conventional Power Generation 1,570 1,626 -3.4
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 25,718 23,710 8.5
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 6,308 5,863 7.6
Supply United Kingdom 8,982 8,708 3.1
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 4,852 5,274 -8.0
Renewables 402 387 3.9
Upstream Gas & Oil 1,837 1,848 -0.6
Trading/Gas Midstream 4,313 5,698 24.3
Other, consolidation 88 113 -22.1
RWE Group 54,070 53,227 1.6
Natural gas tax/electricity tax 2,677 2,456 9.0
RWE Group (excluding natural gas tax/electricity tax) 51,393 50,771 1.2
External revenue by product 2013 2012 +/-
€ million %
Electricity revenue 34,896 34,256 1.9
of which:
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 20,643 19,173 1.1
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 2,278 2,144 63
Supply United Kingdom 6,168 6,107 1.0
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 2,310 2,391 3.4
Trading/Gas Midstream 2,701 3,707 -27.1
Gas revenue 14,616 14,222 2.8
of which:
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 4,128 3,553 16.2
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 3,850 3,551 8.4
Supply United Kingdom 2,312 2,188 5.7
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 2,421 2,761 -12.3
Upstream Gas & Oil 501 469 6.8
Trading/Gas Midstream 1,402 1,697 -17.4
Oil revenue 1,325 1,540 -14.0
of which:
Upstream Gas & Oil 1,257 1,289 -2.5
Trading/Gas Midstream 68 251 -72.9
Other revenue 3,233 3,209 0.7
RWE Group 54,070 53,227 1.6

External revenue 2% up year on year. RWE generated

€54,070 million in external revenue (including natural gas

and electricity taxes), confirming the forecast of €54 billion,
which we published in the 2012 Annual Report at the

beginning of March 2013. Compared to the previous year,
external revenue was 2% higher. Despite a drop in supply

volumes, our electricity revenue rose by the same

percentage to €34,896 million. Price increases came to bear

here. For example, most of our German regional companies

raised tariffs for residential and commercial customers.
Among other things, this was in response to the
considerable rise in the green energy levy. A marked


--- Page 35 ---

Annual Report 2013

increase in up-front costs also caused us to raise residential
tariffs in the United Kingdom. In the gas business, we
posted €14,616 million in revenue. This represents a gain
of 3% compared to 2012, largely driven by the growth in
sales volumes. The development of Group revenue was also
affected by consolidation effects, particularly the sale of
NET4GAS at the beginning of August 2013. Changes in

currency exchange rates also came to bear. The British

pound cost an average of €1.18, less than in 2012 (€1.23).
Other currencies of importance to us such as the US dollar,

Czech crown, Polish zloty and the Hungarian forint also
depreciated against the euro, albeit marginally. Net of

material consolidation and currency effects, external revenue

rose by 4%.

EBITDA 2013 2012 +/-
€ million %
Conventional Power Generation 2,432 4,378 -44.4

of which:

Continental Western Europe 2,251 3,928 -42.7

United Kingdom 165 456 -63.8
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 2,316 2,266 22
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 368 293 25.6
Supply United Kingdom 366 371 -13
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 1,281 1,312 -2.4
Renewables 397 364 9.1
Upstream Gas & Oil 938 1,041 -9.9
Trading/Gas Midstream 841 -591 -
Other, consolidation -177 -120 47.5
RWE Group 8,762 9,314 5.9
Operating result 2013 2012 +/-
€ million %
Conventional Power Generation 1,383 3,275 -57.8

of which:

Continental Western Europe 1,450 3,085 -53.0

United Kingdom -76 194 -
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 1,626 1,578 3.0
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 278 190 46.3
Supply United Kingdom 290 286 14
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 1,032 1,052 -1.9
Renewables 196 183 7.1
Upstream Gas & Oil 521 685 -23.9
Trading/Gas Midstream 831 -598 -
Other, consolidation -276 -235 -17.4
RWE Group 5,881 6,416 -8.3



--- Page 36 ---

our inves! Review of operations responsibility Responsib 1

57. Business performance

Operating result of €5,881 million in line with
expectations. The RWE Group achieved EBITDA of

€8,762 million and an operating result of €5,881 million,
coming close to the forecast of €9.0 billion and €5.9 billion,
respectively. Efficiency-enhancement measures added more
to the result than expected, but this was contrasted by
unexpectedly heavy one-off burdens caused by an
unfavourable electricity procurement agreement and a
below-par trading performance. Compared to the preceding
year, EBITDA and the operating result decreased by 6% and
8%, respectively. This was mainly due to the huge earnings
shortfalls in the conventional electricity generation business,
a significant deterioration in earnings in the upstream
business of RWE Dea and the sale of NET4GAS. The Trading/
Gas Midstream Division achieved extraordinarily strong
earnings, as we were awarded high compensation payments
as a result of the successful revision of the gas procurement
agreement with Gazprom. Disregarding material
consolidation and currency effects, EBITDA and the
operating result declined by 3% and 5% year on year,
respectively.

The following is a breakdown of the development of the
operating result by division:

= Conventional Power Generation: As expected, the
division's operating result decreased considerably: at
€1,383 million, it was €1,892 million, or 58%, lower year
on year. We experienced a decline of €1,635 million to
€1,450 million in Continental Western Europe (Germany
and the Netherlands/Belgium) and of €270 million to
-€76 million in the United Kingdom. This reflected a
number of negative factors, the most significant of which
is that governments of Western Europe have hardly
granted any free allocations of CO, emission allowances
since 2013. For 2012, we had received free allocations of
emission allowances equivalent to 114.2 million metric
tons of carbon dioxide for the Conventional Power
Generation Division. They had provided around
€1.2 billion in relief. Earnings shortfalls also stemmed
from the fact that quotations in Continental European
electricity forward trading decreased. In addition, in the
preceding year suppliers compensated us for delays in
power plant projects, an exceptional effect which did
not recur in 2013. Furthermore, we had to significantly
increase a provision for impending losses from a loss-
making electricity procurement contract. This was
contrasted by relief provided by lower purchase prices of

‘onsolid. jar ment urther i 65

hard coal and CO, emission allowances as well as a drop in
expenses incurred to maintain power plants. Moreover, we
benefited from efficiency-enhancement measures,

which we implemented more rapidly than expected.

Supply/Distribution Networks Germany: As expected, the
operating result recorded by this division was of the
previous year’s order (€1,578 million), amounting to
€1,626 million. Efficiency improvements and the weather-
induced rise in gas sales volumes had a positive impact
on earnings. A counteracting effect was felt from the fact
that we divested our stakes in the Koblenz-based regional
utility KEVAG and in the Berlin waterworks in the prior
year. Therefore, the aforementioned activities are no
longer included in the division's result. The same applies
to our wastewater business in Zagreb, which we
reassigned to the Central Eastern and South Eastern
Europe Division as of 1 January 2013.

Supply Netherlands/Belgium: We had originally expected
this division to post an operating result in the order of the
preceding year's level. However, we recorded a substantial
gain of 46% to €278 million, primarily because we
released provisions. In addition, we benefited from higher
gas sales volumes. As expected, measures taken as part of
our efficiency-enhancement programme also had a
positive effect. However, gas supply margins declined due
to the competition. Furthermore, the introduction of a
new customer billing system led to a temporary rise in
costs.

Supply United Kingdom: The operating result achieved by
this division totalled €290 million. This slightly exceeded
the year-earlier figure and was in line with our forecast.
Net of currency effects, it would have grown by 6%.
Continued efficiency enhancements strengthened
earnings power across all supply segments. However,
network usage fees were higher year on year. We also
spent more on measures to improve the energy efficiency
of households, which major UK energy companies are
obliged to do by the government. This trend towards
lower energy usage resulted in an additional reduction in
earnings. Price increases partly offset these burdens: at
the end of November 2012, RWE npower raised its
residential electricity and gas tariffs by 8.8% and 8.6%,
respectively. We had to increase them again at the
beginning of December 2013, by 9.3% and 11.1%,
respectively.


--- Page 37 ---

66 RWE Annual Report 2013

= Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe: The operating
result recorded by this division declined by 2% to
€1,032 million, essentially due to the sale of NET4GAS as
of 2 August 2013. Until it was deconsolidated, the Czech
long-distance gas network operator achieved a result of
€171 million, as opposed to €298 million in 2012. The
company’s earnings were better than expected.
Consequently, the drop in the operating result of the
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe Division was not
as significant as we had assumed in our March forecast.
Excluding the impact of NET4GAS and currency
translation, the division's operating result was up 15%
year on year. This was due to a considerable improvement
in earnings from transactions to limit currency risks. Risks
of this kind arise in part because gas and electricity
purchases for our markets in Central Eastern Europe are
usually settled in euros and US dollars, whereas these
volumes are settled in local currency when they are sold
on. In addition to this special item, we also benefited from
improved distribution network and supply margins in the
Czech gas and Polish electricity business. Conversely, in
Hungary, a state-ordered reduction in network fees and
residential tariffs led to substantial earnings shortfalls in
the electricity and gas businesses.

= Renewables: The operating result recorded by RWE Innogy
was up 7% to €196 million. This confirmed the outlook we
published in March 2013, although we occasionally feared
a weaker development. The strongest driver of earnings at
RWE Innogy is the continued expansion of our generation
capacity. For example, the Greater Gabbard offshore wind
farm, which was completed in September 2012 and in
which we hold a 50% stake, contributed its full capacity
of 504 MW to electricity production throughout the year
under review. Furthermore, we benefited from the
increased utilisation of our German hydroelectric power
stations. In addition, a supplier paid us compensation for
damages caused by defective wind turbines in Spain.
However, these positive factors were contrasted by
burdens due to impairments recognised for the Atlantic

Array offshore wind project, which has since been
terminated (see page 52), and a subsidiary which finances
venture capital projects, the income of which is falling
short of expectations. We also recognised an impairment
loss for our minority interest in the Andasol 3 solar
thermal power station in Spain, where the government
retrospectively cut renewable energy subsidies. Our
Spanish wind farms were also affected by this. In addition,
the reduction in wholesale electricity prices curtailed the
earnings of RWE Innogy.

Upstream Gas & Oil: The operating result posted by

RWE Dea fell by 24% to €521 million. One of the main
reasons was that realised oil prices were lower year on
year, with the weaker US dollar playing a role. Our forecast
for RWE Dea originally included an operating result in the
order of the level recorded in 2012. However, we did not
progress in expanding gas production as rapidly as
expected. For example, there was a delay to the start of
production at our North Sea field Breagh. Furthermore,
some of our exploration wells were not successful, forcing
us to recognise associated costs directly as an expense
instead of capitalising them. In consequence, exploration
costs were much higher than initially anticipated.

Trading/Gas Midstream: RWE Supply & Trading met our
expectations by increasing its operating result by

€1,429 million to €831 million. A major contributing
factor was the arbitral ruling on our long-term gas
procurement agreement with Gazprom at the end of June,
on which we have reported on page 50. We had already
negotiated improved price conditions for our procurement
agreements with other gas suppliers before 2013.
Whereas earnings in the gas midstream business improved
considerably for the aforementioned reasons, we were
unable to match the performance posted in energy
trading in the preceding year.


--- Page 38 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibilit ment Consolidated financial statements Further informatic 67
37 ausiness performance
Key figures for Operating Capital ROCE Capital costs Absolute Capital costs Absolute
value management result employed before taxes value added before taxes value added
2013 2013" 2013 2013 2013 2012 2012
€ million € million % % € million % € million
Conventional Power Generation 1,383 20,458 6.8 9.5 -561 9.5 1,490
Supply/Distribution Networks
Germany 1,626 16,344 9.9 8.25 278 8.25 201
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 278 2,263 12.3 8.5 85 8.5 -6
Supply United Kingdom 290 2,366 12.3 8.5 89 8.5 78
Central Eastern and South Eastern
Europe 1,032 6,257 16.5 8.0 532 8.0 495
Renewables 196 5,377 3.6 8.75 -275 8.75 -254
Upstream Gas & Oil 521 3,309 15.7 12.75 99 12.75 294
Trading/Gas Midstream 831 1,918 43.3 10.0 639 10.0 -879
Other, consolidation -276 -3,947 = - 104 - 170
RWE Group 5,881 54,345 10.8 9.0 990 9.0 1,589
1 Average of 2012 and 2013 year-end figures.
RWE achieves a return on capital employed of 10.8%. only marginal. At the divisional level, the development of
In the financial year that just ended, we earned a return on the operating result was the key determinant of change in
capital employed (ROCE) of 10.8%, which was lower than a value added. We experienced the most significant drop in
year earlier (12.0%) but higher than the Group’s cost of the Conventional Power Generation Segment, where the
capital before taxes (9.0%). ROCE minus the cost of capital, value added decreased by €2,051 million to -€561 million.
multiplied by capital employed, equals absolute value In 2012, the division had posted the highest value added of
added, which amounted to €990 million, down 38% all divisions, but it delivered the weakest performance in
compared to 2012 (€1,589 million). This reflects the 2013. The Trading/Gas Midstream Division posted the
decline in the operating result. The fact that capital opposite development, increasing its value added

employed increased also had a negative effect, albeit by €1,518 million to €639 million.


--- Page 39 ---

68 RWE Annual Rep

t2013

The RWE Group’s value management

Return-oriented control of the company. Increasing
shareholder value is a key element of our strategy. We

use our value management concept to determine whether
and to what extent we succeed in accomplishing this.
Additional value is created when the return on capital
employed (ROCE) exceeds the cost of capital. ROCE reflects
the pure operating return. It is the ratio of the operating
result to capital employed.

The table at the top of page 69 shows the parameters used
to calculate the cost of capital. We calculate it as a weighted
average cost of equity and debt. The cost of equity
corresponds to the expectation of company-specific returns
on the capital market when investing in an RWE share.

The cost of debt is linked to long-term financing conditions
for the RWE Group. The figures we used as a basis for
determining the cost of capital for 2013 are the same as
those of the previous year.

We calculate the cost of equity as follows: we use a long-
term average interest rate for a risk-free investment of

3.8% as a basis, plus risk charges specific to the Group and
the Group's divisions, which are also referred to as ‘market
premiums.’ The risk charge for the Group amounts to 5.0%.
Accordingly, the sum of the ‘risk-free interest rate’ and the
market premium is 8.8%. In the next step, it is multiplied

by what is termed the beta factor, which is based on the
Capital Asset Pricing model developed in the 1960s. It is the
key figure for the systematic risk exposure connected to an
investment, which is also referred to as the market risk. The
applied beta factor for RWE’s value management is 1.03.
This results in a cost of equity of 8.9%. As the cost of equity
is not tax-deductible, this figure is the same both before and
after taxes.

The cost of debt is 5.0% before tax. The imputed tax rate is
27.4%. Multiplying these two figures results in the

tax shield, which is the amount by which the cost of debt is
reduced because it is classified as tax deductible. The
calculated tax shield of 1.4 percentage points results in a
cost of debt of 3.6% after taxes.

The ratio of equity to debt is 50:50. We do not derive this
parameter from the amounts carried on the balance sheet,
but, among other things, from the marked-to-market
valuation of equity and assumptions concerning the long-
term development of our net financial position and
provisions.

In sum, the RWE Group's total cost of capital is 9.0%
before tax.

When determining capital employed, depreciable non-
current assets are not stated at carrying amounts. Instead,
we recognise half of their historic costs over their entire
useful life. The advantage of this procedure is that the
determination of ROCE is not influenced by the depreciation
period. This reduces the fluctuation in value added caused
by the investment cycle. In contrast, goodwill from
acquisitions is fully recognised; amortisation is not
recognised with a value-reducing effect until the
subsequent year.

ROCE minus the cost of capital equals relative value added.
Multiplying this figure by the capital employed results in the
absolute value added, which we employ as a central
management benchmark. The higher the value added, the
more attractive a particular activity is for our portfolio.
Absolute value added is an important parameter for
evaluating capital expenditure and for determining the
performance-linked compensation of RWE Group executives.


--- Page 40 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibilit Consolidated financial statem irther informatio! 69
rateg
eo environmen
44 Political environmen
; con entary onthe reporting structure
57 Business performance

RWE Group - capital costs 2013

Risk-free interest rate % 3.8

Market premium % 5.0

Beta factor 1.03

Cost of equity after tax % 8.9

Cost of debt before tax % 5.0

Tax rate for debt % 27.4

Tax shield % -1.4

Cost of debt after tax % 3.6

Proportion of equity % 50

Proportion of debt % 50

Capital costs after tax % 6.3

Tax rate for blanket conversion % 31

Weighted average cost of capital (WACC) before tax % 9.0

RWE Group - determining capital employed 31 Dec 2013 31 Dec 2012
Intangible assets/property, plant and equipment! € million 57,078 59,314
+ Investments including loans” € million 5,018 5,433
+ Inventories € million 2,360 3,128
+ Trade accounts receivable € million 7,950 8,024
+ Other accounts receivable and other assets’ €million 6,875 7,174
— Non-interest-bearing provisions* € million 12,650 12,021
— Non-interest-bearing liabilities* € million 13,768 15,474
- Adjustments® € million 847 197
Capital employed € million 52,016 54,781
RWE Group - determining value added 2013

Capital employed before adjustments (averaged for the year) € million 53,399

+ Adjustments? € million 946

Capital employed after adjustments (averaged for the year) € million 54,345

Operating result € million 5,881

ROCE % 10.8

Relative value added % 1.8

Absolute value added € million 990

Intangible assets; property, plant and equipment; and investment property were stated at half of their cost (see the statement of changes in assets on page 160
et seqq.); goodwill and the customer base were recognised at carrying amounts. For 2012 and 2013, €808 million in non-productive assets were deducted.
Investments accounted for using the equity method and other financial assets (excluding non-current securities).

Including tax refund claims; excluding derivative financial instruments in the amount of €740 million (previous year: €1,033 million) and the net present value of
defined contribution pension benefit obligations.

Tax provisions and other provisions; excluding non-current provisions in the amount of €1,429 million (previous year: €927 million).

This item includes trade liabilities, income tax liabilities and other liabilities; it excludes derivative financial instruments in the amount of €620 milion (previous
year: €818 million) and purchase price liabilities of €1,187 million (previous year: €1,320 million) from put options.

Assets essentially capitalised in accordance with IAS 16.15 in the amount of €498 million (previous year: €471 million) are not taken into account since they do
not employ capital.

Corrections to reflect timing differences, which are primarily made to eliminate the distorting effects of first-time consolidations and deconsolidations during the
year and to neutralise the impact of the amortisation of goodwill at RWE Generation for 2013.

we

a


--- Page 41 ---

Annual Report 2013

Non-operating result 2013 2012 +/-
€million € million
Capital gains 476 487 -11
Impact of commodity derivatives on earnings 72 470 -398
Goodwill impairment losses -1,404 - -1,404
Restructuring, other -4,619 -3,051 -1,568
Non-operating result -5,475 -2,094 -3,381

Reconciliation to net income: significant impairments in
the Conventional Power Generation Segment. The
significant deterioration of the earnings prospects in the
conventional electricity generation business left clear marks
on the reconciliation from the operating result to net income.
This primarily affected the non-operating result, which
declined to -€5,475 million, a considerable drop compared
to the year-earlier figure, which was already negative
(-€2,094 million). Its components developed as follows:

= The disposal of investments and assets led to a book gain
totalling €476 million, roughly as high as in 2012. The
largest contribution to earnings was €236 million and
came from the sale of the Czech long-distance gas network
operator NET4GAS. Added to this was €199 million from
the sale of the UK supply companies Electricity Plus Supply
and Gas Plus Supply. More detailed information on the
aforementioned transactions can be found on page 51 et
seq.

= The accounting treatment of certain derivatives with which
we hedge the prices of commodity forward transactions
resulted in a gain of €72 million compared to €470 million
in the previous year. Pursuant to International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS), such derivatives are accounted
for at fair value at the corresponding balance sheet date,
whereas the underlying transactions (which display the
opposite development) are only recognised as a profit or
loss when they are realised. These timing differences result
in short-term effects on earnings, which are neutralised
over time and are therefore assigned to the non-operating
result.

Unlike in the preceding year, we had to write down
goodwill, resulting in an impairment of €1,404 million in
the Conventional Power Generation Segment. This was
because expectations of the medium and long-term

development of electricity prices, the future regulatory
environment and the load hours of fossil-fuelled power
stations were adjusted. The write-down of goodwill is the
result of an impairment test, which we conducted as part
of a regular update to our mid-term plan.

We recognised a €4,619 million loss in the ‘restructuring,
other’ item. This includes €3.4 billion in impairment losses
on property, plant and equipment and financial assets
(previous year: €2.3 billion). €2.4 billion is attributable to
our Dutch generation portfolio, the earnings prospects of
which deteriorated significantly due to market conditions.
Here, the substantial expansion of German solar power
generation capacity comes to bear, which is pushing
conventional power plants out of the market not just in
Germany, but also in its neighbouring countries. In
addition, we wrote down our German gas storage activities
by €216 million as the situation in that business also
worsened: imports of liquefied natural gas (LNG) and the
expansion of pipeline infrastructure contributed to a rise in
gas supply during peak usage periods (winter), resulting in
less demand being covered by stored gas. Impairments
also had to be recognised for RWE Innogy. Here, the write-
downs totalled about €620 million, of which €260 million
was due to delays and additional costs incurred in the
construction of the Nordsee Ost offshore wind farm

and about €270 million was due to the substantial
cutbacks to renewable energy subsidies in Spain. In
addition to the impairment losses, expenses were also
incurred to accrue provisions for restructuring measures.
They amounted to approximately €970 million (previous
year: €433 million) and mainly affected the Conventional
Power Generation and Supply/Distribution Networks
Germany Divisions. A positive effect was felt from the fact
that we depreciated RWE npower’s customer base for the
last time in May 2012. This provided €113 million in relief
in the year under review.


--- Page 42 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibilit Consolidated financial statements Further informatic 71
57 Business performance
Financial result 2013 2012 +/-
€ million € million
Interest income 319 413 -94
Interest expenses -1,073 -1,249 176
Net interest -754 -836 82
Interest accretion to non-current provisions -973 -1,208 235
Other financial result -166 -48 -118
Financial result -1,893 -2,092 199

The RWE Group’s financial result improved by €199 million to
-€1,893 million. Its components developed as follows:

= Net interest rose by €82 million to -€754 million. One of
the reasons is that the compensatory payments we were
awarded in the arbitration proceedings with Gazprom also
bore interest. In addition, the decline in financial liabilities
and the recently favourable refinancing conditions reduced
our interest expense.

= The interest accretion to non-current provisions decreased
by €235 million to €973 million. In fiscal 2012, we had
recognised an increase in ‘other non-current provisions’ in
this item, which resulted from a reduction in discount
rates. No effect of this kind occurred in 2013.

= The ‘other financial result’ worsened by €118 million to
-€166 million. Negative effects were felt from the marked-
to-market valuation of financial transactions, which had a
positive impact in the preceding year. Furthermore, we
generated lower proceeds from the sale of securities.

Income before tax amounted to -€1,487 million.
Nevertheless, €956 million in taxes on income were paid.
This is because the lion’s share of the substantial impairment
losses were not tax-deductible in 2013. Income after tax
totalled -€2,443 million, down €4,147 million year on year.

The minority interest in income dropped by €92 million to
€210 million, owing to the deterioration in the earnings of
fully consolidated companies in which third-parties hold
stakes, in particular in Hungary.

The portion of our earnings attributable to hybrid investors
amounts to €104 million. This sum corresponds to the
finance costs after tax. Of our five hybrid bonds, only two
are considered here, namely those which are classified as
equity pursuant to IFRS. These are the issuances of
€1,750 million in September 2010 and of £750 million

in March 2012.

The aforementioned developments are the reason for

the deterioration in net income by €4,063 million to
-€2,757 million compared to 2012. Based on the

614.7 million in RWE shares outstanding, this corresponds
to earnings per share of -€4.49 (previous year: €2.13).

At €2,314 million, recurrent net income was in line with the
forecast of approximately €2.4 billion. It decreased by

6% compared to 2012. When calculating this figure, the non-
operating result and the tax on it as well as major non-
recurrent effects in the financial result and income taxes are
deducted. The consequence for these financial statements
was that substantial burdens arising from impairments were
not considered.


--- Page 43 ---

72 RWE Annual Report 2013

Reconciliation to net income 2013 2012 +/-
%

EBITDA € million 8,762 9,314 -5.9
Operating depreciation and amortisation € million 2,881 -2,898 0.6
Operating result € million 5,881 6,416 -8.3
Non-operating result € million -5,475 -2,094 -
Financial result € million -1,893 -2,092 9.5
Income before tax € million -1,487 2,230 -
Taxes on income € million -956 -526 -81.7
Income € million 2,443 1,704 -
Minority interest € million 210 302 -30.5
RWE AG hybrid investors’ interest € million 104 96 8.3
Net income/RWE AG shareholders’ share in income € million -2,757 1,306 -
Recurrent net income € million 2,314 2,457 -5.8
Earnings per share € -4.49 2.13 -
Recurrent net income per share € 3.76 4.00 -6.0
Number of shares outstanding (average) millions 614.7 614.5 -
Effective tax rate % S 24 -

Efficiency-enhancement programme: target for 2013
exceeded. We launched a new programme immediately after
the successful completion of our €1.5 billion efficiency-
enhancement programme in 2012. By taking measures

to reduce costs and increase revenue, we intend to tap

into more and more earnings potential every year. The
programme is designed to improve operational processes as
well as achieve savings in administration and IT. Our original
goal was to achieve a recurrent effect on the operating
result of €1 billion by the end of 2014. In November 2013,
we supplemented the programme with further measures, a
large number of which are designed to improve the earnings
power of our conventional electricity generation business.

With the expanded programme, we now aim to realise an
effect on earnings of at least €1.5 billion. We want to
achieve it in 2016, a year earlier than we initially thought
was possible. The more ambitious timeline was enabled by
the fact we made better progress than expected in
implementing the efficiency improvements in 2013.
Having achieved a recurrent effect of €200 million on
earnings in 2012, we realised another €800 million last
year. This was €250 million more than planned. The
reasons for this are that we have already greatly reduced
headcount and have made major progress with respect to
the availability of our lignite-fired power stations.


--- Page 44 ---

‘0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Re i Consolidated financial statement irther informatio! 73
Fcc environmen
44 Political environmen
57 Bisinesspetomance
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and on intangible assets 2013 2012 +/-
€ million € million
Conventional Power Generation 1,360 1,784 424
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 871 904 -33
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 28 43 -15
Supply United Kingdom 106 89 7
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 320 518 -198
Renewables 1,074 999 75
Upstream Gas & Oil 663 684 -21
Trading/Gas Midstream 14 4 10
Other, consolidation 58 56 2
RWE Group 4,494 5,081 -587
Capital expenditure on financial assets 2013 2012 +/-
€ million € million
Conventional Power Generation 3 75 -72
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 101 255 =154
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 2 - -
Supply United Kingdom = - -
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 12 1 iW
Renewables 9 94 -85
Upstream Gas & Oil - - -
Trading/Gas Midstream 1 38 -37
Other, consolidation 4 - 4
RWE Group 130 463 -333

Capital expenditure down 17%. In the financial year that
just ended, capital spending amounted to €4,624 million.
This was 17% less than the level recorded in 2012
(€5,544 million). Our capital expenditure on property,
plant and equipment and intangible assets totalled
€4,494 million, compared to €5,081 million a year earlier.
Spending on financial assets, which amounted to

€463 million in 2012, was almost negligible in 2013,
totalling €130 million.

Our new-build power plant programme continued to bea
focal point of our investing activity. However, capital
expenditure in this area has already dropped significantly,
as four large stations had begun commercial operation in
2012 (see page 49 of RWE’s 2012 Annual Report). In the
year being reviewed, three plants were under construction,

of which one, the 787 MW gas-fired power station near the
Turkish town of Denizli, took up commercial operation in
August 2013. The programme will end in 2014, once the
dual-block hard coal power plants at Hamm (Germany) with a
capacity of 1,528 MW and at Eemshaven (Netherlands) with
a capacity of 1,554 MW have been completed.

We are also placing significant emphasis on the expansion
of renewables. Our largest projects in this area are two
offshore wind farms: Gwynt y Mér (576 MW) off the north
coast of Wales, which we intend to complete in November
2014, and Nordsee Ost (295 MW), which is scheduled to put
all its turbines online in the spring of 2015. Expanding
onshore wind power is also on the agenda. In this area, we
are focusing on sites in the United Kingdom, Poland and
Germany.


--- Page 45 ---

Annual Report 2013

RWE Dea also spent a considerable amount of capital. Centre
stage was taken by the development of oil and gas fields in
preparation for production. Thanks to such measures, in
2013, we were able to start producing gas in the Egyptian
concession area Disouq in September and in the UK North
Sea field Breagh in October (see page 53). Production from
the Norwegian oil field Knarr is scheduled to begin in 2014.
We also invested in ongoing production projects, particularly
in Germany, Norway and Egypt, and acquired shares in
licenses in the United Kingdom and Surinam.

Funds in the Supply/Distribution Networks Germany and
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe Divisions were
primarily used to improve electricity and gas network
infrastructure. In Germany, besides maintenance, the focus
was on the connection of distributed generation units and
network expansion required by the transformation of the
German energy sector. Essent mainly invested in the heating
network and in IT projects. RWE npower concentrated on
measures to develop and introduce smart meters.
Furthermore, the company improved its customer billing
system.

Workforce’ 31 Dec 2013 31 Dec 2012 +/-
%

Conventional Power Generation 16,311 17,583 7.2
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 19,127 19,510 -2.0
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 3,115 3,376 “1.
Supply United Kingdom 8,730 9,528 -8.4
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 10,062 10,900 1.7
Renewables 1,482 1,573 5.8
Upstream Gas & Oil 1,445, 1,375 5.1
Trading/Gas Midstream 1,524 1,457 46
Other? 4,545 4,906 7.4
RWE Group 66,341 70,208 5.5
Germany 39,268 40,272 -2.5
Outside Germany 27,073 29,936 -9.6

1. Converted to full-time positions.

2. As of 31 December 2013, 2,239 were accounted for by RWE IT (previous year: 2,624) and 1,650 were accounted for by RWE Service (previous year: 1,692).

Personnel down 6% since 2012. In terms of full-time
equivalent, the RWE Group had 66,341 employees as of

31 December 2013. Part-time positions were only included
in this figure proportionate to their share of full-time
positions. Headcount declined by 3,867, or 6%, compared
to 31 December 2012. Seventy-four percent of the workforce
reduction affected our operations outside Germany. It was in
great part due to streamlining measures taken in the

conventional power generation and the UK supply
businesses. The sale of NET4GAS also played a major role:
about 560 staff members had been on the company’s payroll
as of 31 December 2012. As in previous years, we trained far
more people than required to cover our own needs. By

the end of 2013, some 2,715 young adults were in a
professional training programme at RWE. Staff figures

do not include trainees.


--- Page 46 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Re

75 Financial position and net worth
81 Neo inancial statemen

Consolidated financial statements urther informatio: 75

1.7 FINANCIAL POSITION AND NET WORTH

Last year, our need for financing was mainly covered by cash flows from operating activities. They were not yet able
to completely fund our capital expenditure and the dividend payment. However, this should always be the case
from 2015 onwards. In addition to our operations, divestments provided substantial income, particularly the sale
of NET4GAS. These funds were the main reason why we succeeded in reducing our net debt by €2.3 billion to
€30.7 billion. As expected, the ratio of net debt to EBITDA was unchanged, at 3.5. We intend to return it below an

upper limit of 3.0 over the medium term.

Central financing. The RWE Group’s financing is the
responsibility of RWE AG, which obtains funds from banks
or on the money and capital markets. When issuing bonds, it
usually turns to its Dutch subsidiary RWE Finance B.V., which
issues bonds backed by RWE AG. Only in specific cases do
other subsidiaries raise debt capital directly, especially if it

is more advantageous economically to make use of local
credit and capital markets. Furthermore, RWE AG acts as
coordinator when Group companies assume a liability: the
holding company decides on the scope of warranties issued
and letters of comfort signed. Pooling these activities
enables us to manage and monitor financial risks centrally.
Moreover, this strengthens our position when negotiating
with banks, business partners, suppliers and customers.

Flexible tools for raising debt capital. We largely meet
our financing needs with cash flows from our operating
activities. In addition, we have access to a number of flexible
financing instruments. We raise long-term debt capital
primarily within the scope of our Debt Issuance Programme.
The programme enables us to issue a total of €30 billion in
bonds. Furthermore, a commercial paper programme gives
us a maximum of USS5 billion in headroom for short-term
financing on the money market. A €4 billion syndicated
credit line with a tenor expiring in November 2017 serves as
an additional liquidity reserve. We have not used it so far.

Neither the aforementioned financing instruments nor the
current credit facilities contain specific financial covenants
such as interest coverage, leverage or capitalisation ratios
that could trigger actions, like the acceleration of
repayment, provision of additional collateral, or higher
interest payments. Likewise, they do not contain rating
triggers.

RWE conducts public and private bond placements.

We took advantage of the unusually favourable financing
conditions on the debt market to issue two euro bonds in
2013. The first issuance was in January and had a volume
of €750 million. The paper has a seven-year tenor and a
1.875% coupon. We raised €500 million from the second
issuance, which took place in October. It has a tenor of just
over ten years and a coupon of 3.0%. We increased the
volume of this bond by €300 million to €800 million in
February 2014.

In addition to these public issuances, we conducted several
private placements. The largest of these transactions,
which took place in February 2013, provided proceeds

of €150 million over 30 years. Furthermore, we topped up
a €270 million private bond with a 25-year tenor, which we
had issued in October 2012, to €500 million in three steps
through to February 2014.


--- Page 47 ---

Annual Report 2013

Maturity profile of the RWE Group's capital market debt (as of 31 Dec 2013)

Maturity in € billion

Year 2014 ‘15 ‘16 ‘17 ‘18 ‘19 ‘20 ‘21 ‘22 ‘23 ‘24 ‘25 ‘26 ‘27 ‘28 ‘29 ‘30 ‘31 ‘32 ‘33 ‘34 ‘35 '36 °37 “38 “39 “40 ‘41 ‘42 ‘43 ‘44

MM RWE AG/RWE Finance B.V.

l= RWE AG hybrid bonds (first possible call dates)

A total of €17.6 billion in bonds was outstanding at the
end of 2013. The aforementioned public and private
issuances conducted last year had a total volume equivalent
to €1.6 billion. This was contrasted by an equivalent of

€2 billion in maturities: we redeemed public bonds in

the amount of US$250 million (February/coupon: 2%),
£630 million (June/6.375%) and €1 billion (November/
5.75%). On balance, the total volume of bonds outstanding
in 2013 was reduced by €0.5 billion to €17.6 billion
(including hybrid bonds). Besides the redemptions, changes
in foreign exchange rates were a reason for the decline. Our
bonds are denominated in euros, sterling, Swiss francs, US
dollars and yen. We concluded hedges to manage our
currency exposure. Taking such transactions into account,
at the balance sheet date, our debt broke down into 68% in
euros and 32% in sterling. This means that we did not have
any currency exposure from capital market debt in US
dollars, Swiss francs or yen.

Our bonds’ initial tenors range from six to 30 years. Their
weighted average remaining term to maturity at the end of
2013 was just under ten years. Hybrid bonds are not

included in this figure. Our maturities in 2014 are limited to
a €530 million bond with a 4.625% coupon, which falls due
at the end of July. An issuance with a volume of €2 billion
and a coupon of 5% is repayable in February 2015.
Furthermore, in September 2015, we will be allowed to
cancel the €1.75 billion hybrid bond which we issued in
2010 for the first time. It has a coupon of 4.625%.

Bridge financing via commercial paper reduced to zero.
We only exercised the option to conduct short-term
refinancing by issuing commercial paper in the first three
quarters of 2013, during which our issue volume totalled
€3.7 billion. Due to the cash flows provided by the arbitral
ruling in the price review proceedings with Gazprom and the
sale of NET4GAS, we were able to redeem all the commercial
paper in the third quarter without conducting any further
issuances through to the cut-off date for the financial
statements. By comparison, €1.0 billion in commercial paper
was outstanding at the end of 2012.


--- Page 48 ---

Review of operations Our responsibilit

75 Financial position and net worth
1 a stat
) e relating t i

urther inforn 77

RWE Group’s capital market debt as of 31 Dec 2013 2014-2018 2019-2022 2023-2027 From 2028
by maturity’

Nominal volume € billion 45 4.0 11 5.3
Share of total volume of capital market debt (€14.9 billion) % 30 21 7 36
1 Excluding the €1,750 million and £750 million hybrid bonds with a theoretically perpetual tenor. The other hybrid bonds are considered based on the end of their tenors.

Cash flow statement 2013 2012 +/-
€ million € million
Funds from operations 7,068 5,446 1,622
Change in working capital =1,313 =1,051 262
Cash flows from operating activities 5,755 4,395 1,360
Cash flows from investing activities -2,646 -1,285 -1,361
Cash flows from financing activities -1,857 -2,463 606
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates and other changes in value on cash and cash equivalents -19 16 35
Total net changes in cash and cash equivalents 1,233 663 570
Cash flows from operating activities 5,755 4,395 1,360
Minus capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment and on intangible assets -4,488 5,081 593
Free cash flow 1,267 -686 1,953

Cash flows from operating activities up 31%. In 2013,

we covered most of our financing with cash flows from
operating activities. Amounting to €5,755 million, they
were 31% higher than in 2012, clearly outperforming the
operating result. One of the reasons is that the previous
year’s financial statements were strongly characterised by
changes in the fair values of commodity contracts, which
resulted in income, but did not lead to corresponding cash
inflows because the contracts had not yet been realised by
the end of the year. In addition, in 2013 the operating result
was curtailed by the accrual of non-cash-effective provisions
to a greater degree than in 2012. A negative effect on cash
flows was felt from tax prepayments, which we made in
connection with an ongoing tax audit. The related decline in
our tax liabilities was reflected in the change in working
capital.

Our investing activity led to a cash outflow of

€2,646 million, which was much less than what we spent
on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and
financial assets. This is due to the proceeds from the sale of
investments and non-current assets, which were offset.

Cash outflows from financing activities amounted to
€1,857 million. One main contributing factor was the
€1,229 million dividend payment for fiscal 2012. Bond and
commercial paper issuances and redemptions resulted in

a net cash outflow of €1,307 million. The aforementioned
cash flows caused our cash and cash equivalents to rise

by €1,233 million.

Cash flows from operating activities, minus capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets, result in free cash flow. Amounting
to €1,267 million, the latter was much higher than the
year-earlier figure (-€686 million).


--- Page 49 ---

Annual Report 2013

Net debt 31Dec2013 31 Dec 2012 +/-
€ million %
Cash and cash equivalents 3,905 2,672 46.1
Marketable securities 3,207 3,047 5.3
Other financial assets 1,156 1,892 -38.9
Financial assets 8,268 7,611 8.6
Bonds, other notes payable, bank debt, commercial paper 16,224 17,748 -8.6
Other financial liabilities 2,464 2,198 12.1
Financial liabilities 18,688 19,946 -6.3
Net financial debt 10,420 12,335 -15.5
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 6,227 6,856 -9.2
Surplus of plan assets over benefit obligations - 36 -
Provisions for nuclear waste management 10,250 10,201 0.5
Mining provisions 2,952 2,874 2.7
Adjustment for hybrid capital (portion of relevance to the rating) 817 785 4.1

Plus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as equity 1,351 1,351 -

Minus 50% of the hybrid capital stated as debt -534 -566 5.7
Net debt of the RWE Group 30,666 33,015 -7.1

Net debt drops by €2.3 billion. As of the balance sheet
date, our net financial debt totalled €10.4 billion, down
€1.9 billion on the year-earlier figure. Net debt declined by
€2.3 billion to €30.7 billion. In addition to the high level of
free cash flow, proceeds from the disposal of investments
and assets made a decisive contribution. Moreover, pension,

nuclear and mining provisions, which are considered in net
debt, declined by a total of €0.5 billion. The dividend
payment mentioned earlier had a debt-increasing effect.
Furthermore, €0.4 billion in profits were distributed among
minority shareholders of subsidiaries of RWE AG and hybrid
bond investors.

Credit rating Moody's. Standard & Poor's
Non-current financial liabilities
Senior debt Baal BBB+
Subordinated debt (hybrid bonds) Baa3 BBB-
Current financial liabilities P-2 A-2
Outlook stable stable



--- Page 50 ---

our inves Review of operations Our responsibility Responsibi r

75 Financial position and net worth
1 a stat
) ting t i

Moody's downgrades RWE. Assessments of
creditworthiness made by independent rating agencies
have a substantial influence on a company’s options to raise
debt capital. Generally, the better the rating, the easier it is
to gain access to international capital markets and the better
the conditions for debt financing. Therefore, we benefit
from rating agencies confirming our high creditworthiness.
However, due in particular to the crisis in conventional
electricity generation, Standard & Poor's and Moody's, the
two leading rating agencies, lowered their long-term credit
ratings for RWE by one notch, from A- and A3 to BBB+ and
Baal, respectively. Standard & Poor's took this step in July
2012, with Moody's following in June 2013. As part of their
downgrades, the two rating agencies raised their rating
outlooks from ‘negative’ to ‘stable.’ Increasing our financial
strength over the long term continues to be a major priority
for us. The prime objective in this context is to ensure that
we are capable of refinancing our business on the debt
capital market at acceptable conditions at all times - even
during general financial crises.

Leverage factor remains at 3.5. We manage our debt based
on performance indicators, among other things. One of the
key figures is the ratio of net debt to EBITDA, which is
referred to as the ‘leverage factor.’ This key performance
indicator is of more informational value than total liabilities
as it reflects the company’s earnings power and, in turn, its
ability to service the debt. As expected, our leverage factor
in 2013 was 3.5, the same level as in the two preceding
years. However, we aim to return it to a maximum of 3.0
over the medium term.

‘onsolidated fina ment urther inforn 79

Cost of debt drops marginally. In 2013, our cost of debt
was 5.0%. It was calculated for average debt outstanding
such as bonds, commercial paper and bank loans. The cost
of debt considers interest-rate swaps concluded with banks,
through which we convert fixed interest obligations into
flexible ones. In contrast, the €1.75 billion and £0.75 billion
hybrid bonds classified as equity pursuant to IFRS were not
taken into account. Compared to 2012 (5.1%), the cost of
debt decreased slightly. This was primarily due to the
extremely low-interest refinancing of 2013, whereas the
average coupon of the redeemed bonds was higher.

Balance sheet structure: impairments reduce the equity
ratio. The balance sheet total reported in the 2013 financial
statements amounts to €81.1 billion. This was €7.1 billion
less than at the end of 2012. On the assets side, non-current
assets declined by €5.0 billion in part owing to the
impairments recognised for electricity generation facilities
and goodwill reported on page 70. The sale of NET4GAS
also came to bear. Accounts receivable and other assets
were down €2.6 billion and inventories declined by

€0.8 billion, whereas cash and cash equivalents were up
€1.2 billion and marketable securities rose by €0.2 billion.
On the liabilities side, accounts payable decreased by

€3.4 billion, whereas provisions grew by €0.7 billion. Equity
was €4.4 billion down on the level recorded a year earlier,
largely due to the aforementioned impairments and the
dividend payment for fiscal 2012. The equity ratio, which
reflects the share of the balance sheet total accounted for
by equity, stood at 15.0%, 3.7 percentage points lower
than in 2012.


--- Page 51 ---

80 RWE Annual Report 2013

Balance sheet structure’ 31 Dec 2013 31 Dec 2012
€ million % € million %
Assets
Non-current assets 56,743 70.0 63,338 71.8
Intangible assets 13,198 16.3 16,017 18.2
Property, plant and equipment 33,305 41 36,006 40.8
Current assets 24,376 30.0 24,840 28.2
Receivables and other assets” 15,320 18.9 16,436 18.6
Total 81,119 100.0 88,178 100.0
Equity and liabilities
Equity 12,137 15.0 16,489 18.7
Non-current liabilities 47,103 58.0 47,445 53.8
Provisions 27,119 33.4 27,991 31.7
Financial liabilities 16,539 20.4 15,417 17.5
Current liabilities 21,879 27.0 24,244 27.5
Other liabilities? 13,341 16.4 14,904 16.9
Total 81,119 100.0 88,178 100.0

1. Prior-year figures adjusted due to the first-time application of the revised version of IAS 19.
2 Including financial accounts receivable, trade accounts receivable and income tax refund claims.
3 Including trade accounts payable and income tax liabilities.


--- Page 52 ---

Further information 81

To our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Responsibility statement Consolidated financial sta

75. Financial position and net worth

81. Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company)
83. Disclosure relating to German takeover la

85 Innovation

88 Development of risks and opportunities
0 ok

1.8 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF RWE AG (HOLDING COMPANY)

As the management holding company of the RWE Group, RWE AG handles central management tasks and obtains the
funds for the subsidiaries’ business operations. Its assets and income largely depend on the economic success of the
Group companies. The significant deterioration of earnings in the conventional electricity generation business was
also reflected in the financial statements of RWE AG. Its net profit was only about half the figure recorded in the
previous year.

Financial statements. RWE AG prepares its financial to Bundesanzeiger Verlagsgesellschaft mbH, Cologne,
statements in compliance with the rules set out in the Germany, which publishes them in the Federal Gazette.
German Commercial Code and the German Stock They can be ordered directly from RWE and are also
Corporation Act. The financial statements are submitted available on the internet at www.rwe.com/ir.

Balance sheet of RWE AG (abridged) 31 Dec 2013 31 Dec 2012
€ million

Non-current assets

Financial assets 39,837 42,440
Current assets

Accounts receivable from affiliated companies 4,869 9,039
Other accounts receivable and other assets 863 587
Marketable securities and cash and cash equivalents 3,014 1,755
Deferred tax assets 2,204 2,221
Total assets 50,787 56,042
Equity 9,533 10,058
Provisions 4,280 5,037
Accounts payable to affiliated companies 30,194 33,439
Other liabilities 6,780 7,508
Total equity and liabilities 50,787 56,042
Income statement of RWE AG (abridged) 2013 2012
€ million

Net income from financial assets 1,570 3,259
Net interest -1,218 -1,219
Other income and expenses 450 -52
Profit from ordinary activities 802 1,988
Taxes on income -98 -635
Net profit 704 1,353
Retained earnings S 1
Allocation to retained earnings -89 -125

Distributable profit 615 1,229



--- Page 53 ---

Annual Report 2013

Assets. RWE AG had €50.8 billion in total assets as of

31 December 2013, down €5.3 billion compared to the
preceding year. The main reason for this was the dissolution
of a financing company, which caused RWE AG's financial
assets and liabilities to drop. In addition, some Group
companies redeemed loans, which had been granted to
them by the holding company. This increased cash and cash
equivalents while allowing for financial liabilities to be
reduced. As of the cut-off date for the financial statements,
the equity ratio was 18.8% as opposed to 17.9% a year
earlier.

Financial position. The Group’s financing is a corporate task
handled by RWE AG, which obtains funds from banks or on
the money or capital markets. When issuing bonds, it usually
uses the services of its subsidiary RWE Finance B.V.,

which conducts issuances backed by RWE AG. A detailed
presentation of the financial position and financing activity
in the year under review has been made on page 75 et seqq.

Earnings position. RWE AG achieved a profit from ordinary
activities of €802 million compared to €1,988 million in the
prior year. The significant decline is due to net income from
financial assets, which amounted to €1,570 million, roughly
half as much as in 2012. This was in part owed to the
deterioration in earnings in the conventional generation
business, which was reflected in impairments and the

accrual of provisions for restructuring and impending losses.
Furthermore, foreign subsidiaries paid lower dividends to
RWE AG. In addition, the financial statements for the
previous year included one-off income from the release of
provisions at controlled companies. Conversely, RWE AG's
net interest was essentially unchanged, totalling

-€1,218 million. In contrast, the balance of other income
and expenses improved considerably, from -€52 million

to €450 million. Among other things, the release of
provisions came to bear.

Like the profit from ordinary activities, the tax expense
also decreased significantly, dropping by €537 million to
€98 million.

Appropriation of distributable profit. The Supervisory
Board and the Executive Board of RWE AG will propose
to the Annual General Meeting on 16 April 2014 that a
dividend of €1 per share be paid for fiscal 2013.

Corporate Governance Declaration in accordance

with Sec. 289a of the German Commercial Code. On

14 February 2014, the Executive Board of RWE AG issued

a corporate governance statement in accordance with

Sec. 289a of the German Commercial Code and published it
on the internet at www.rwe.com/corporate-governance-
declaration-sec-289a-HGB.


--- Page 54 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Res}

d net worth
81 Nc al stat 7
83. Disclosure relating to German takeover law

Consolidated financial statements urther informatic 83

1.9 DISCLOSURE RELATING TO GERMAN TAKEOVER LAW

The following disclosure is in accordance with Sec. 315, Para. 4 and Sec. 289, Para. 4 of the German Commercial
Code as well as with Sec. 176, Para. 1, Sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act. The information relates to
issues that may play a role in the event of a change of control of the company and pertains to executive board
authorisations to change a company’s capital structure. All of the rules applicable in the event of a takeover or
merger meet the standards generally accepted by German listed companies.

Composition of the subscribed capital. RWE AG's
subscribed capital consists of 575,745,499 no-par-value
common shares in the name of the bearer and 39,000,000
no-par-value preferred shares in the name of the bearer
without voting rights. They account for 93.66% and 6.34%
of the subscribed capital, respectively. Holders of preferred
shares are given priority when distributable profit is
distributed. Pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation, it is
appropriated in the following order: 1) to make any back
payments on shares of the profit allocable to preferred
shares from preceding years; 2) to pay a preferred share of
the profit of €0.13 per preferred share; 3) to pay the share
of the profit allocable to common shares of up to €0.13
per common share; and 4) to make consistent payments
of potential further portions of the profit allocable to
common and preferred shares unless the Annual General
Meeting decides in favour of a different appropriation.

The composition of the subscribed capital and the rights
and obligations of the shareholders comply with the
requirements of the law and the Articles of Incorporation.

Shares in capital accounting for more than 10% of the
voting rights. As of 31 December 2013, one holding in

RWE AG exceeded 10% of the voting rights. It was held by
RWEB GmbH, which is headquartered in Dortmund. In
compliance with Sec. 21, Para. 1 of the German Securities
Trading Act, the company informed us that it held 16.15% of
RWE AG's voting stock as of 25 September 2013. The voting
rights of RWEB GmbH are allocable to RWB GmbH & Co. KG,
which is also headquartered in Dortmund.

Appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members/
amendments to the Articles of Incorporation. Executive
Board members are appointed and dismissed in accordance
with Sec. 84 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation Act in
connection with Sec. 31 of the German Co-Determination
Act. Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are

made pursuant to Sec. 179 et seqq. of the German Stock
Corporation Act in connection with Art. 16, Para. 6 of the
Articles of Incorporation of RWE AG. According to

Art. 16, Para. 6 of the Articles of Incorporation, unless

otherwise required by law or in the Articles of Incorporation,
the Annual General Meeting shall adopt all resolutions with a
simple majority of the votes cast; if a majority of the capital
stock represented is required, the simple majority shall
suffice. The legal right to determine a majority of the capital
required to amend the Articles of Incorporation that differs
from the majority required by law was thus exercised.
Pursuant to Art. 10, Para. 9 of the Articles of Incorporation,
the Supervisory Board is authorised to pass resolutions to
amend the Articles of Incorporation that only concern the
wording without changing the content.

Executive Board authorisation for the issuance of option
and convertible bonds. Pursuant to the resolution passed by
the Annual General Meeting on 22 April 2009, the Executive
Board is authorised to issue option or convertible bonds until
21 April 2014. The bonds’ combined nominal value is limited
to €6 billion. The shareholders’ subscription rights can be
excluded if the bonds are issued at a price in line with the
market. In addition, new shares for which subscription rights
have been waived may not account for more than 10% of the
share capital when the authorisation enters into force or
when it is exercised. The 10% limit is calculated taking into
account other cash capital measures under exclusion of
subscription rights, such as the €133,991,677.44 cash capital
increase from authorised capital conducted in December
2011. Therefore, the authorisation to conduct cash capital
measures waiving subscription rights has largely been
exercised. The Executive Board may also exclude the
shareholders’ subscription rights in order to prevent the
number of shares allocated from the subscription resulting in
fractional amounts (fractions of shares). Furthermore, the
subscription rights of holders of convertible or option bonds
already issued may be excluded. They may be granted
subscription rights commensurate to the rights to which they
would be entitled as shareholders on conversion of the bond
or on exercise of the option. Pursuant to Art. 4, Paras. 3a and
3b of the Articles of Incorporation, €143,975,680 in
conditional capital, divided among 56,240,500 common
shares in the name of the bearer, may be used to exercise
conversion or option rights.


--- Page 55 ---

nnual Report 2013

Effects of a change of control on debt financing. Our debt
financing instruments often contain clauses that take effect
in the event of a change of control. This also applies to our
bonds. The following rule applies to non-subordinated paper:
in the event of a change of control in conjunction with a drop
in RWE AG's credit rating below investment-grade status,
creditors may demand immediate redemption. RWE has the
tight to cancel its subordinated hybrid bonds within the
defined change of control period. If the hybrid bonds are not
redeemed and RWE's credit rating falls below investment-
grade status within the change of control period, the annual
compensation payable on the hybrid bonds increases by

500 basis points. RWE AG's €4 billion syndicated credit line
also has a change of control clause including the following
main provisions: in the event of a change of control or
majority at RWE, further drawings are suspended until
further notice. The lenders shall enter into negotiations with
us on a continuation of the credit line. Should we fail to reach
an agreement with the majority of them within 30 days from
such a change of control, the lenders may cancel the line of
credit. A €645 million loan we were granted by the European
Investment Bank (EIB) in October 2011 and a £350 million
loan to which the EIB committed in September 2013, which
we have not yet drawn on, have a similar provision. Both of
the contracts with the EIB stipulate that the continuation of
the loans be negotiated within a 30-day time limit. If the talks
fail, the EIB has the right to cancel the loans.

Effects of a change of control on Executive Board and
executive compensation. Members of the Executive Board of
RWE AG have a special right of termination in the event of a
change of control. On exercise of this right, they receive a
one-off payment covering the contract's agreed term, which
shall correspond to at least twice and no more than three
times their annual contractual compensation. This is in line
with the requirements of the version of the German Corporate
Governance Code which has been in force since 2008.

Furthermore, in the event of a change of control, retained
Executive Board bonuses are prematurely valued and possibly
paid. This is done on the basis of the average bonus malus
factor of the three preceding years. This is what determines
whether retained bonuses are paid out and the amount of
the payout.

The RWE 2010 performance share plan (Beat 2010) for the
Executive Board and executives of RWE AG and of affiliated
companies includes a provision for a change of control. In
such events, all holders of performance shares receive a
compensatory payment. It is determined by multiplying the
price paid for RWE shares as part of the takeover by the final
number of performance shares as of the date of the takeover
offer, in line with the corresponding plan conditions.

In the event of a change of control, the Mid-Term Incentive
Plan (MTIP) planned for the Executive Board and executives
of RWE AG and subordinated affiliated companies, which
envisages performance-linked compensation in line with

the leverage factor achieved by 31 December 2016 (see
page 124), can lead to a compensation payment to its
participants before the end of its term. This payment is
based on the leverage factor forecast for 31 December 2016
at the time of the change of control. The detailed contractual
conditions had not been established by the editorial deadline
for this report.

Detailed information on Executive Board and executive
compensation can be found on page 114 et seqq. of
this report.


--- Page 56 ---

0 our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Responsibility state

81 Nc inancial statemen 7
Disclosure relating to German tal
85. Innovation

1.10 INNOVATION

urther informatic 85

How can the grid remain stable despite fluctuating amounts of wind and solar power? Are there ways of saving

energy in homes that no-one has thought about yet? How can the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide be turned into a
valuable commodity? These are questions to which we provide answers, thanks to our research and development

activities. Our work goes beyond just developing new technologies, as we also improve existing processes. Many of
our more than 200 projects primarily serve one goal: help to make the transformation of the energy sector in our

home market, Germany, a success.

Research and development for a reliable and
environmentally friendly supply of energy. Our research
and development (R&D) work aims to engineer solutions for
an environmentally friendly, reliable and affordable supply of
energy, in order to safeguard our competitiveness over the
long term. To this end, we cover all stages of the value chain
in the energy sector, from the extraction of raw materials,
electricity generation, network operation and storage
through to energy use. Most of our R&D activities involve
co-operating with external partners in the plant engineering
sector, the chemical industry and research institutions. This
is why the financial spend on our projects clearly exceeds
our R&D costs, which totalled €151 million in 2013 (previous
year: €150 million). About 430 of our employees were solely
or partially dedicated to R&D activities. Some 200 R&D
projects with an average duration of four years were on our
agenda in 2013. Presenting all of them would exceed the
scope of this report. Therefore, we have limited ourselves to
a selection of major projects. Please refer to our commentary
at www.rwe.com/innovation for further information.

Small, but effective: the ‘Smart Operator’ network
control box. In the energy world of yesterday, electricity
was produced almost exclusively by large power stations and
the role played by homes was limited to that of consumer.
Nowadays, an increasing number of households generate
their own electricity and feed surplus amounts into the grid.
This requires greater co-ordination, in particular by operators
of medium and low-voltage networks. ‘Intelligent’ balancing
mechanisms must be created using new technologies, in
order to prevent the grid from becoming imbalanced. A
whole series of RWE projects addresses this topic, one of
which involves connecting approximately 250 households in
communities in Rhineland-Palatinate and Bavaria to a state-
of-the-art low-voltage grid for two years. The ‘intelligence’ is

provided by a control unit, which is smaller than a shoe box:
the ‘Smart Operator.’ It is packed with powerful electronics,
enabling it to monitor the network's condition and optimise
electricity flows, for example by automatically controlling
the operation of household appliances, heat pumps as well
as electricity and hot water tanks. The partners working on
this project are the Technical University of Aachen, the
software development company PSI AG and several
mechanical engineering companies. Last year, nearly all
participating households were equipped with the necessary
communication and control devices. The next step involves
testing the Smart Operator. In addition, we intend to install
further controllable devices such as battery storage units
and heat pumps, in order to measure their contribution to
stabilising grid conditions.

Intelligent energy use field trial successfully completed
in Milheim. People often take electricity for granted and
hardly think when consuming it. This mentality will probably
change fundamentally in the future when passive consumers
become active players on the energy market. For 700 homes
in Milheim an der Ruhr, the future has already begun: they
participated in a field trial for the use of innovative energy
services, which was conducted by RWE Deutschland and
completed in March 2013. The households were able to
monitor price developments on the electricity market and
their own consumption on PCs, enabling them to identify
ways to use energy more cost-effectively. In addition, some
participants received intelligent household appliances:
washing machines, tumble driers and dishwashers which
automatically start a preset programme when electricity is
particularly cheap. As well as demonstrating that all of this is
technically possible, the trial proved that customers change
their consumption patterns if tariffs motivate them to do so.


--- Page 57 ---

Annual Report 2013

Solar power storage unit by RWE: home solution for
transforming the energy market. Anyone who runs a

solar panel will be familiar with the problem: most of the
electricity is generated when one’s own consumption is the
lowest, i.e. during the day, when one is out of the house.
This is when most of the solar power is fed into the grid,
which is becoming less and less attractive as a result of
declining feed-in tariffs. In contrast, electricity must be
sourced from the grid during the night, when solar panels
are not operational. To remedy this, we launched an
innovative system for the distributed storage of solar power
named ‘RWE HomePower solar’ in the spring of 2013. It
enables users of the system to use their solar panels to cover
their own needs to a far greater extent. In addition to
allowing our customers to save money, it stabilises the grid
because it reduces fluctuating feed-ins of solar power.

A glimpse at future living. On 18 July 2013, we
inaugurated the ‘RWE Energy House of the Future’ in
Bottrop, Germany. The house is part of the ‘Innovation City
Ruhr - Model City Bottrop’ initiative which involves a
number of projects designed to demonstrate how urban
development can combine goals such as climate protection
while maintaining a city’s attractiveness as a business
location. The RWE Energy House of the Future is a
converted detached house built in the 1960s. With it,

we demonstrate that more energy can be produced

than needed in a residential building by using new
technologies in combination with existing products such
as ‘RWE SmartHome’ in an innovative manner. We reduced
energy consumption by 90%. We now use the house to test
the practical feasibility of the solutions implemented in it,
among other things.

Partial transformation of the Hungarian energy market.
Distributed energy supply for home use is also the subject of
a project in Hungary. On 2 October 2013, RWE and the
country’s President Dr. Janos Ader inaugurated an energy
farm, which supplies a therapeutic riding and learning centre
in Fét with electricity and heat from renewable sources. The
basis for this is the combined use of solar collectors, wind
and micro-water turbines, a battery storage unit, a heat
pump and an energy management system. The project

was implemented in co-operation with the International
Child Aid Service as well as partners from the fields of
industry and science.

RWE constructs subterranean cable based on modern
superconductor technology. In Essen, where RWE AG has
its headquarters, we are laying the world’s longest
underground cable based on modern superconductor
technology. The groundbreaking ceremony took place at the
beginning of April 2013. We use materials that are capable
of transmitting electricity at very low temperatures of about
-200 degrees Celsius nearly loss-free. This enables the
transmission of large amounts of electricity at low voltage -
and saves space. The advantage for the municipalities is that
valuable plots of inner city land that would otherwise be
needed to operate networks can be used for other purposes.
Named ‘AmpaCity,’ the project is supported by the German
Ministry of Economics and Energy. Our partners are the
cable manufacturer Nexans Deutschland and the Karlsruhe
Institute of Technology (KIT). As the first set of tests at the
end of 2013 delivered positive results, we plan to
commission the cable in 2014.

Climate protection still a focus: progress in CO,
scrubbing. In the past decades, we have continuously
improved the efficiency of our power plants by making use
of new technologies and methods. More efficient means
generating the same amount of electricity with less fuel and,
when fossil fuel is used, with much lower carbon dioxide
(CO,) emissions. However, despite these advances in
efficiency, the generation of electricity from coal is still a
source of substantial emissions. Consequently, for several
years, we have been working on ways to prevent carbon
dioxide from being released into the atmosphere. This
involves isolating and then capturing the gas, a method
which has been performed on sulphur dioxide successfully
for decades.

One promising approach is known as CO, scrubbing. This
technique binds most of the carbon dioxide within a
chemical solution and then removes it from the flue gas. We
intend to use this method in our lignite-based generation in
particular. Since 2009, we have been testing it in a pilot
plant at our Niederaussem power station near Cologne. Our
partners are BASF and Linde. In one of the first phases of
the project, we significantly improved the efficiency of the
technique by using newly developed solvents. We will be
able to make further progress by cleaning the flue gas even
more through the elimination of pollutants such as sulphur
dioxide before isolating the carbon dioxide. In cooperation
with ANDRITZ Energy & Environment, we developed a


--- Page 58 ---

our inves Review of operations responsibility Resp

85. Innovation

powerful flue gas desulphurisation unit, which is being used
at Niederaussem. We are currently subjecting it to a long-
term trial together with a carbon capture pilot plant. The
combined use of the two units allows for the flue gas to be
purified only once before CO, scrubbing, namely during the
flue gas desulphurisation step. An added bonus is the fact
that even more sulphur dioxide and dust is filtered out
compared to conventional techniques.

CO, - from greenhouse gas to valuable commodity.
Capturing carbon dioxide is only the first step. In addition,
the gas must be kept from the atmosphere permanently.
One way to accomplish this is to store the gas, for example
in rock formations deep under the surface of the earth, but
there is a lack of acceptance for this in Germany. Therefore,
we are taking another step forward: in times of increasingly
scarce resources, we are investigating how to turn a
greenhouse gas into a valuable commodity. In 2013,

three projects, all using the carbon dioxide captured at
Niederaussem, were dedicated to achieving this.

As a part of the first undertaking, named ‘Dream
Production,’ we joined forces with Bayer and the
Technical University of Aachen to look into ways

to manufacture high-quality plastics from the carbon
dioxide we captured. Dream Production has shown that
the carbon dioxide captured from the flue gas of the
Niederaussem power station is pure enough to be used
for this purpose.

We also proved that this carbon dioxide can be reacted

with hydrogen to form synthesis gas in our second project
called ‘CORRECT.’ This synthesis gas can be used by the
chemical industry as a raw material in various ways. We
implemented CO,RRECT in collaboration with Siemens,
Bayer and several universities and research institutions. The
special feature is that the required hydrogen is obtained by
electrolysis, enabling its production to be flexibly adapted
to the availability of electricity from renewables. Both Dream
Production and CO,RRECT were completed in 2013.

consolidated finar ment urther i 87

In our third project, ‘Power-to-Gas,’ we use carbon dioxide
and hydrogen to obtain methane, the main component of
natural gas. Reacting the two substances to make them
bond and form methane requires special catalysts. Through
the project, we proved that catalysts that are already
commercially available can be used to produce methane
from carbon dioxide obtained in lignite-fired power stations.
Endurance tests are being run in order to determine whether
such catalysts are suitable for long-term use.

Reduced costs and less noise: new approaches to
installing offshore wind turbines. A further objective of
our research and development work is the cost-effective and
environmentally friendly expansion of renewable energy. In
this respect, we focus especially on the construction of
offshore wind farms. In July 2010, we started participating
in the Offshore Wind Accelerator (OWA) initiative, where the
UK Carbon Trust has pooled the expertise of nine leading
energy companies. We are implementing several projects
within the scope of OWA. Our most recent undertaking,
which we launched in 2013, aims to anchor wind turbines

to the seabed at reduced costs. The use of foundations
made of tubular steel (monopile design) is widespread.
These are usually driven into the seabed using heavy pile
driving equipment. In the ‘Vibro’ project, we are testing an
alternative method, which supports this process with
vibrations and makes it more cost-effective. Furthermore, it
reduces underwater noise, which can significantly impact the
sensitive hearing of dolphins and harbour porpoises.

RWE recognised for innovation. The current innovation
index of the European School of Management and
Technology (ESMT) ranks RWE third among Europe's

16 largest energy utilities. This was announced by the
ESMT in February 2014. The index measures the
innovativeness of companies. We have our wide range of
R&D work to thank for our good position. Through our
projects, we cover all the fields of research classified as
important by the ESMT. Our activities in the fields of smart
grids, electric cars and energy services were highlighted in
particular. The judges also rewarded us for our large number
of patent applications.


--- Page 59 ---

88 RWE Annual Report 2013

1.11 DEVELOPMENT OF RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

The last few years have shown how quickly the framework conditions in the energy sector can change. Political

intervention makes it difficult to establish business models and plan investments. Changes in wholesale electricity
and fuel prices can also significantly affect our earnings. Therefore, professional risk management is indispensable for

utilities like RWE. ‘Professional’ means that we record, assess and control risks systematically. But it also means that

we identify opportunities - and seize them.

Organisation of risk management in the RWE Group.
Overall responsibility for the groupwide risk management
system sits with the Executive Board of RWE AG. It
establishes the rules and minimum standards, defines the
caps for the aggregated market and credit risks and takes
decisions on individual transactions that can result in
substantial risks.

Our Risk Management Committee is in charge of monitoring
and refining the risk management system. It is composed
of the heads of the following RWE AG departments,

which are accountable for the entire Group: Commodity
Management (until the end of 2013), Controlling,

Finance, Human and Executive Resource Management,
Accounting & Taxes, Legal & Compliance, Audit as well as
Corporate Development & Strategy. A representative of

the Group Risk Department, which we established as of

1 January 2014, recently joined the Committee. It is chaired
by the Head of Group Controlling. This department is
assigned to the finance mandate.

The Group Controlling Department and - starting in 2014 -
the new Group Risk Department, which report to the Risk

Management Committee, bear responsibility for the control,

steering and co-ordination of the risk management system.
They regularly report on the Group’s risk situation to both
the Committee and the Executive Board of RWE AG.

In addition, a number of additional organisational units

have been entrusted with corporate risk management tasks:

commodity hedging strategies deviating from general
performance targets are approved by the Commodity

Management Committee. The framework for this is
determined by the Executive Board. In the year under review,
the Committee consisted of the Executive Board member in
charge of commercial management, the Chief Financial
Officer, the Head of Commodity Management, the Head of
Group Controlling and representatives of the Board of
Directors of RWE Supply & Trading. In the future, it will be
composed solely of the Head of Group Risk and the Board of
Directors of RWE Supply & Trading.

The CFO of RWE AG monitors commodity risks. In fulfilling
this task, he is assisted by the CFOs and managing directors
in charge of finance of our major Group companies.

Until the end of 2013, the Group Risk Controlling Unit, which
belongs to the Group Controlling Department, established
groupwide performance targets for risk measurement,
tracked commodity risks and reported on this to the
Executive Board of RWE AG. The control of the RWE Group's
credit risks was handled by the Group Credit Risk Unit, which
also belonged to the Group Controlling Department. From
2014 onwards, these tasks will also be fulfilled by the newly
created Group Risk Department. By using dual controls,

we ensure that major risks are closely monitored and that
guidelines are implemented uniformly throughout the
Group.

Financial risks at RWE AG are monitored by the Financial

Controlling Unit. The tasks of this unit, which belongs to
the Group Finance Department, also include reporting on
currency, interest and liquidity risks.


--- Page 60 ---

To our investors Review of operations Our responsibility Responsibility statement Consolidated financial statements Further information 89

75. Financial position and net worth

81. Notes to the financial statements of RWE AG (holding company)
83. Disclosure relating to German takeover law

85. Innovation

88 Development of risks and opportunities,

100 Outlook

The strategic guidelines for the management of our financial | The Group Compliance Unit, which is assigned to the Group

assets (including the funds of RWE Pensionstreuhand e.V. Legal & Compliance Department, monitors compliance

and RWE Pensionsfonds AG) are determined by RWE AG's with RWE’s Code of Conduct, paying special attention to
Asset Management Committee. It weighs the earnings the avoidance of corruption risks. It reports to the CEO of
prospects and risks against each other, selects suitable asset | RWE AG or, if members of the Executive Board are affected,
classes (bonds, stocks, etc.) and decides on the allocation directly to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the

of the company’s funds to them. The members of the Asset Chairman of the Audit Committee.
Management Committee are the CFO of RWE AG, the Head

of Group Finance and the CFOs of the following Group Under the expert management of the aforementioned areas,
companies: RWE Dea, RWE Power, RWE npower, enviaM, our Group companies ensure that the risk management
Siiwag Energie and Lechwerke. guidelines are implemented throughout the Group.

The monitoring of risks associated with financial reporting is
handled by RWE AG's Group Accounting & Tax Department
(until the end of 2013: Group Accounting). It reports directly
to the CFO and uses an accounting-related internal control
system, which is described on page 98 et seq.

Organisation of risk management in 2013

Executive Board of RWE AG
Overall responsibility for groupwide risk management system

Group Controlling
Controlling and coordination of groupwide risk management system

Commodity Management Group Controlling Group Controlling Group Finance
Group Risk Controlling Group Credit Risk Financial Controlling
Management of Monitoring of Management of Monitoring of
commodity positions commodity risks credit risks financial risks
Group Accounting Group Legal & Compliance

Group Compliance

Monitoring of risks Monitoring of compliance
in financial reporting with the RWE Code of Conduct

Group companies



--- Page 61 ---

90 RWE

Annual Report 2013

Risk management as a continuous process. Risk
management is an integral and continuous part of our
operating workflow. Risks and opportunities, defined as
negative or positive deviations from target figures, are
identified and classified early on. We evaluate risks
according to their probability of occurrence and damage
potential and aggregate them at the Group company or
Group level. Our analysis covers the three-year horizon of our
medium-term planning and may extend beyond that for
material strategic risks. Risks that share the same cause are
aggregated to one position. The damage potential is put in
relation to the operating result and equity of the business
unit concerned and the Group as a whole.

We analyse our earnings risks using a matrix, in which the
risks’ probability of occurrence and potential net damage are
represented. From this, we can derive whether there is a
need for action and the scope of such action. In this context,
we have three risk classes: low, medium and high risks. All
risks are constantly monitored. Medium and high risks are
mitigated by taking operational measures. In addition to the

earnings risks recorded in the matrix, indebtedness and
liquidity risks are also covered by our risk management
system. These risks are described in more detail on page 98.

The company’s management and supervisory committees
are updated on our risks and opportunities several times a
year. This is always preceded by a groupwide bottom-up
analysis. Our reporting obligations for companies accounted
for using the equity method are limited. We record their risks
at least once a year as part of our medium-term planning.
The Executive Board of RWE AG is immediately informed of
unforeseen material changes to the risk situation.

Our Group Audit Department conducts regular appraisals of
the quality and functionality of our risk management system,
the most recent of which took place in December 2013/
January 2014. In functional respects, it reports to the entire
Executive Board and for disciplinary matters, it is assigned

to the Group CFO. Our Group Audit Department is certified
to the Quality Management in Internal Auditing Standard
recommended by the German Internal Audit Association.

RWE risk matrix

Potential damage’

> 50%

>20% to < 50%

Share of the average
operating result?

>10% tos 20%

0% to< 10%

0% to < 10%

Low risk Medium risk

>10% to< 20%

>20% to < 50% > 50%

Probability of occurence

High risk

1. Related to the year in which the maximum damage may occur.
2. Derived from the medium-term planning for 2014 to 2016.


--- Page 62 ---

our inves Review of operations responsibility Responsib 1

88 Development of risks and opportunities,

Overall assessment of the risk and opportunity situation
by executive management. The development of our
business is significantly affected by energy policy. For
example, the subsidisation of renewable energy in Germany
has resulted in the rapid rise in the number of wind turbines
and solar panels. This has put wholesale electricity prices
under substantial pressure and pushed conventional

power plants out of the market, both in Germany and in
neighbouring markets such as the Netherlands. Declining
margins, especially of gas-fired power stations, have already
caused us to recognise considerable impairments. Should
market conditions continue to deteriorate, we will be at risk
of having to perform further write-downs.

A lot depends on the future course of energy policy in
Germany and the requirements imposed by Brussels. As
set out on page 44 et seq., the EU is developing binding
guidelines for reforms in the energy sector, which are
currently on the agendas of many countries. Such structural
reforms also present opportunities. For example, the
introduction of capacity markets open to all technologies
may safeguard the profitable operation of conventional
power plants, and therefore also the reliability of electricity
supplies. Efforts to make the promotion of renewable
energy more market-oriented would also benefit us, if this
reduced disadvantageous distortions of competition.

Apart from the regulatory framework, market-driven
changes can also have significant effects on our earnings.
For example, the decline in German electricity prices is in
part due to the drop in hard coal quotations, as the marginal
costs of hard coal power stations significantly affect pricing
on the electricity market. There is a danger that the slump

consolidated finar ment urther i 91

on the hard coal market may persist as well as a chance that
quotations may rise. Unfavourable price developments also
imposed substantial burdens on gas procurement. However,
the losses incurred were partially offset and the risk of
further burdens was reduced considerably thanks to the
successful arbitration proceedings with Gazprom and
renegotiations with other suppliers (see page 93). Macro-
economic developments can also have a strong impact

on the energy sector and RWE’s earnings. For example, if
the Eurozone’s sovereign debt crisis were to escalate, a
significant decline in demand for electricity and gas in our
markets may be the result. In contrast, opportunities may
arise if the weak economy picks up again.

Against the backdrop of the difficult framework conditions
in the energy sector and the existing risks, we have taken
extensive measures to strengthen RWE’s earnings and
financial clout. We intend to make a substantial, lasting
contribution to earnings with our current efficiency-
enhancement programme. As set out on page 72, we have
already achieved major success in this area. In addition, we
are stabilising our financial strength through divestments
and reductions in capital expenditure. We have made good
progress here as well. There is a chance that our measures
may be more effective than anticipated. For example,
efficiency improvements may exceed budgeted figures.
However, there is also a danger that we may fail to achieve
our goals, for instance because necessary restructuring
measures cannot be implemented to the extent expected.

Despite the developments described above and other
imponderables, there are no identifiable risks that jeopardise
the continued operation of RWE AG or the RWE Group.


--- Page 63 ---

92 RWE Annual Report 2013

Classification of the
highest individual risk

RWE's earnings risks

Market risks

Risks arising from the volatility of commodity

prices Medium

Revision of the price conditions of the gas

procurement contract with Gazprom Medium
Framework risks

Regulatory and political risks Medium

CO, emissions Low

Other legal and arbitration risks Low
Operational risks

Continuity of business activities/

risks associated with corporate strategy Medium

Information technology Low

Human resources Low
Financial market and credit risks

Financial risks Low

Creditworthiness of business partners Low
Other risks Low

As of 31 December 2013.

RWE’s earnings risks. As illustrated in the above overview,
our material earnings-related risks and opportunities can

be divided into five categories. It also shows how we classify
them by degree. We currently accord the highest importance
to market price, regulatory and certain operational risks.
Below, we comment on the aforementioned risks as well

as on the associated opportunities. In addition, we explain
the measures we take to limit the danger of negative
developments.

Market risks:

= Risks and opportunities arising from the volatility of
commodity prices. The development of prices on
commodity markets greatly influences our earnings,
especially in electricity generation. For example, further
decreases in electricity prices may lead to a decline in
margins and reduce the value of our power plants. In the
past two fiscal years, we have already had to recognise

substantial impairments due to decreased margins in the
electricity generation business. This has reduced the risk
of further impairments. Furthermore, wholesale electricity
prices and generation margins may develop in RWE’s
favour again. We assess the price risks to which we are
exposed on the procurement and supply markets taking
account of current forward prices and expected price
volatility. Commodity and price risks faced by generation
and supply companies are managed through hedging
rules established by RWE AG. We limit the exposure of
our power stations to such risks by selling most of our
electricity early on, via forward contracts, and hedging
the price of the required fuel and CO, emission
allowances. We also make use of forward markets to
limit price risks in RWE Dea’s upstream business and

in RWE Supply &Trading’s gas midstream business.

RWE Supply & Trading plays a central role when it comes
to managing commodity price risks. This is the company in
which we pool our commodity transaction expertise as
well as the associated risks. RWE Supply & Trading is the
RWE Group’s interface to the world’s wholesale markets
for electricity and energy commodities. The company
markets large portions of the Group's generation position
and purchases the fossil fuels and CO, certificates needed
to produce electricity. Its role as internal transaction
partner makes it easier for us to limit the earnings risks for
the generation and supply businesses stemming from
price swings on energy markets. RWE Supply & Trading
also uses commodity derivatives to minimise risk in the
procurement and supply businesses. However, the
company’s trading transactions are not exclusively
orientated towards reducing risks. To a strictly limited
extent, trades are also concluded in order to take
advantage of changes in prices on energy markets.

The RWE Group’s risk management system for energy
trading is firmly aligned with best practice as applied to
the trading transactions of banks. Transactions are
concluded with third parties only if credit risks are within
approved limits. Groupwide guidelines provide structures


--- Page 64 ---

our inves! Review of operations responsibility Responsib 1

88 Development of risks and opportunities,

and processes for the treatment of commodity price risks
and associated credit risks. The commodity positions in
our subsidiaries are constantly monitored, and findings are
reported to the responsible committees. Furthermore, the
Executive Board of RWE AG receives detailed updates on
our consolidated commodity risk positions on a quarterly
basis. The Group companies inform RWE AG about their
positions, which consolidates them. This procedure is not
followed for market risks arising in connection with the
trades conducted by RWE Supply & Trading for its own
account. Such risks are monitored daily and stated
separately.

The upper risk limits in the energy trading business are
set by the Executive Board of RWE AG. In this context, the
Value at Risk (VaR) is of central significance. It quantifies
the potential loss resulting from a risk position that will
not be exceeded with a predetermined probability and
within a predetermined time period. In principle, the VaR
figures within the RWE Group are based on a confidence
interval of 95% and a holding period of one day. This
means that, with a probability of 95%, the maximum daily
loss will not exceed the VaR. The central risk controlling
parameter for commodity positions is the Global VaR that
relates to the trading business of RWE Supply & Trading
and may not exceed €40 million. In fiscal 2013, it
averaged €8 million (previous year: €6 million), and

the daily maximum was €14 million (previous year:

€13 million). In addition, we have set limits for each
trading desk. Furthermore, we develop extreme scenarios
and factor them into stress tests, determine the influence
they can have on our liquidity and earnings, and take
countermeasures whenever the risks are too high.

We also apply the VaR concept to measure commodity
price risks to which we are exposed outside the trading
business. To this end, we identify the absolute change in
the Group's operating result caused by changes in
commodity prices which will not be exceeded with a given

‘onsolid. jar ment urther i 93

probability. First, our Group companies determine their
commodity risk positions and report them to RWE AG,
where the overall risk for the Group on the basis of the
individual risks is calculated. The overall risk mainly stems
from German electricity generation, the upstream business
and the portion of our gas purchases that depends on

oil prices. With a confidence level of 95%, changes in
commodity prices will have a maximum positive or
negative effect on our operating result in 2014 of about
€330 million. The cut-off date for determining this figure
was 30 November 2013.

Revision of price conditions in the gas procurement
contract with Gazprom. We source gas on liquid
wholesale gas markets such as the NCG (Germany), TTF
(Netherlands) and the NBP (United Kingdom) as well as
based on long-term purchase agreements, particularly in
Germany and the Czech Republic. These contracts used to
be linked to the price of oil. However, gas prices on the
trading markets have been decoupled from those of
contracts linked to the price of oil since 2009, temporarily
falling significantly below them. As a result, some of the
gas we bought was much more expensive than on the
market. To obtain purchase conditions reflecting the
development of the market, we entered into contractually
agreed renegotiations with our gas suppliers. As a result,
nearly all of the contracts were converted to wholesale
gas price indexation or terminated prematurely by mutual
consent. The last and largest contract was the one with
Gazprom, which was adapted per an arbitral ruling handed
down in June 2013. As set out on page 50, the influence
of oil prices was diminished, but it was not eliminated.
Therefore, the contract still causes us to incur losses. In
consequence, in May 2013 we initiated another price
revision with Gazprom. There is a danger that the result of
our revision will lag behind our expectations, but there is
also a chance that we will be able to obtain conditions
that are more favourable than anticipated.


--- Page 65 ---

94 RWE Annual Report 2013

Framework risks:

= Regulatory and political risks and opportunities. As
a utility, we plan our capital expenditure for periods
extending over decades, making us especially affected
by changes in political framework conditions. Extensive
reforms of the energy sector are currently on the agendas
of numerous European countries and the European Union.
We have provided in-depth information on the political
plan that are most important to us on page 44 et seqq.
One of the main objectives is to make the promotion of
renewable energy more cost-effective and bring it more in
line with the market. In light of the recent considerable
drop in the profitability of conventional power stations,
policymakers are increasingly addressing the security of
supply. Reforms to this end, such as the introduction of a
capacity market in Germany, may provide us with an
opportunity, as this would establish the prerequisites for
the profitable operation of the conventional power plants
required to ensure a reliable supply of electricity. The
governing coalition between the Christian Democrats/
Christian Social Union and the Social Democrats formed
after the German Lower House elections in September
2013 has committed to creating a capacity mechanism in
the medium term (see page 46). The coalition is also
seeking to bring the promotion of renewable energy more
in line with the market and make it more cost-effective. We
also welcome this. However, certain projects may impose
additional burdens on us, for instance the plan to apply
the apportionment under the German Renewable Energy
Act to own electricity consumption.

We are exposed to substantial regulatory risks especially
in the field of nuclear energy, the framework conditions of
which have deteriorated significantly in Germany. Through
the 13" amendment to the German Nuclear Energy Act,
which became effective at the beginning of August 2011,
the former government nullified the lifetime extension for
German nuclear power plants, which had been introduced
in 2010, requiring the immediate shutdown of eight of the
country’s 17 reactors. Staggered decommissioning

dates were established for the remaining units. We
believe the 13" amendment to the German Nuclear
Energy Act is unconstitutional because the operators of
the reactors affected will not be compensated and the
decommissioning dates were established without sound
justification. Therefore, in February and August 2012, we
filed constitutional complaints. Prior to this, in April 2011,
we had brought lawsuits before the Hessian Administrative
Court of Justice in Kassel against the nuclear moratorium
imposed on Biblis A and B from March to June 2011. In
February 2013, the Court ruled that the decommissioning
orders were illegal. Pursuant to a decision reached by

the German Administrative Court in December 2013, the
ruling is legally enforceable. We are now preparing civil
remedies for damages (see page 53).

The introduction of a nuclear fuel tax as of 1 January 2011
also imposed substantial burdens on our German nuclear
power stations. We filed a suit with the competent

fiscal courts as the legality of the levy is questionable.

In January 2013, the Hamburg Fiscal Court referred the
point of the constitutionality of the nuclear fuel tax to

the German Constitutional Court for a ruling. Moreover, in
December 2013 the Hamburg Fiscal Court decided to refer
the same matter in parallel proceedings to the European
Court of Justice. In view of the aforementioned decisions,
we are optimistic about the enforcement of the tax being
suspended until a ruling on its legality has been handed
down, which we do not expect to be made until after
2014.

We are also exposed to earnings risks by the search for

a site for a final storage facility for highly radioactive
waste. The German Site Selection Act, which entered

into force at the end of July 2013, will make the search
much more expensive (see page 46). The costs of the
selection process will be borne by the nuclear power plant
operators. We have accrued provisions for the expected
additional burdens. However, it cannot be ruled out that
political resistance renders the selection of a location
difficult, causing further delays and burdens.


--- Page 66 ---

our inves! Review of operations responsibility Responsib 1

88 Development of risks and opportunities,

Energy markets outside of Germany have also been
subject to increases in regulatory intervention. The
difficult budgetary situation numerous European countries
are facing plays a role. It may cause the governments to
impose further burdens on the economy. As demonstrated
in Spain and Hungary, this particularly affects companies
that are bound to their locations, such as energy utilities.
In the dialogue we maintain with policymakers, we take
the position that unstable framework conditions and the
introduction of additional burdens reduce the utilities’
ability and willingness to make necessary investments in
energy infrastructure. Nevertheless, political short-
sightedness may result in additional regulatory
intervention to our detriment.

Political risks outside of Europe exist predominantly in
RWE Dea’s upstream business. We are following the
political upheaval in North Africa very closely, as RWE Dea
is conducting several large-scale projects in this region.
We already produce oil and gas in Egypt. As in all non-
OECD countries, we have hedged capital expenditure
there against political risks largely through federal
guarantees and will also do this for future projects.

In the present political environment, we are exposed to
risks associated with approvals when building and
operating production facilities. This particularly affects our
opencast mines, power stations and wind farms. If their
operation is interrupted or curtailed, this can result in
significant production and earnings shortfalls.
Furthermore, there is a danger of new-build projects either
receiving late or no approval, or of granted approvals
being withdrawn. Depending on the construction progress
made and the contractual obligations to suppliers, this
can have a significant negative financial impact. For
example, the hard coal-fired power station at Eemshaven
in the Netherlands, which is scheduled to go online this
year, is exposed to this type of risk. We take precautionary
measures against this by preparing our applications for
approval with great care and ensuring that approval
processes are handled competently.

In parts of our energy business, we are also exposed to
tisks in relation to competition law. In March 2013, the

‘onsolid. jar ment urther i 95

German Federal Cartel Office instigated proceedings
against several district heat suppliers, including an RWE
company. The authority suspects abusive pricing, but we
believe our tariffs are appropriate. Furthermore, the Cartel
Office announced that it will be keeping competition on
the market for electricity for heating purposes under close
scrutiny.

Further risks arise from the regulation of energy trading
transactions, which has been tightened significantly by
two EU directives. The Regulation on Wholesale Energy
Market Integrity and Transparency (REMIT) entered into
force in December 2011, with the aim of preventing
insider trading and market manipulation in electricity
and gas trading. It obliges market participants to publish
insider information. Furthermore, they must now register
themselves and their wholesale transactions. In addition
to REMIT, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation
(EMIR), an EU directive which entered into force in
August 2012, also has a substantial effect on the trading
business. Companies which conclude a considerable
number of speculative trades have to settle certain
derivative transactions via clearing points, pledging
more financial collateral than previously. Moreover, all
transactions have to be entered into a transaction register.
It is too early to determine the degree to which we are
affected by REMIT and EMIR. We expect a significant
increase in reporting and transaction costs in energy
trading.

The incentive-based regulation of electricity and gas
networks in Germany also harbours earnings risks.

The second five-year regulatory period began on

1 January 2014 for electricity network operators and on

1 January 2013 for gas network operators. We are yet to
receive notifications on the revenue caps imposed by the
regulatory authorities on our network companies. There

is a risk of the upper limits being too low, failing to reflect
the actual development of costs. However, this also opens
up the opportunity for our future network earnings to
exceed expectations if the revenue caps are appropriate
and our efficiency measures are successful. Initial signals
from the regulatory authorities indicate that the
regulatory restrictions will be in line with our expectations.


--- Page 67 ---

nnual Report 2013

= CO, emissions. Lignite and hard coal power plants
account for a significant proportion of our electricity
generation portfolio. Our specific carbon dioxide
emissions are therefore far above the sector average.
By 2020, we aim to reduce our CO, emissions to
0.62 metric tons per megawatt hour of electricity
generated compared to 0.76 metric tons in 2013, partly
through the expansion of renewable energy and the use
of modern conventional power plants. By taking technical
and financial measures, we have reduced our CO, risk for
the third emissions trading period, which ends in 2020,
to such a degree that an increase in the price of emission
allowances is not expected to have a material effect on
our earnings. However, there is a danger that individual
EU member states may find the European Emissions
Trading System (ETS) insufficient and impose additional
burdens on companies through domestic regulations.
In the meantime, however, the EU Commission has
submitted a Climate and Energy Package with which it
intends to improve the effectiveness of the ETS after 2020
(see page 45). If the measures proposed by the package
are implemented, the probability of national solo
attempts should drop considerably.

Other legal and arbitration procedures. Individual
RWE Group companies are involved in litigation and
arbitration proceedings due to their operations or the
acquisition of companies. Out-of-court claims have

been filed against some of them. Furthermore, Group
companies are directly involved in various procedures with
public authorities or are at least affected by their results.
We have accrued provisions for potential losses resulting
from pending proceedings before ordinary courts and
arbitration courts. However, the claims asserted against
us exceed the provisions considerably in some cases.
Taking account of the legal assessments we have
obtained, we believe that such claims are unfounded,
but we cannot be sure that we will prevail.

Some conciliation proceedings in connection with the
legal restructuring of companies are still pending.

The object of the proceedings is to examine the
appropriateness of the cash compensation we offered
outside shareholders. We are of the opinion that it was
appropriate. The compensation payments were calculated

by independent experts and reviewed by auditors.

If, based on a legally enforceable decision, it is determined
that the cash compensation was too low, we will pay the
difference to all affected shareholders, including those
who are not directly involved in the conciliation
proceedings.

Operational risks:

= Continuity of business activities/risks and
opportunities associated with corporate strategy.
We operate technologically complex and interconnected
production plants in all parts of our value chain. Uninsured
damage to our lignite mining equipment, production
facilities, power plant components and networks can
occur. There is an increasing risk of outages in our power
plants as their components age. In addition, the
construction of new plants can be delayed due to
accidents, faulty materials, late deliveries or time-
consuming approval procedures. As far as possible, we
mitigate these risks through diligent plant and project
management. Our network business is exposed to the
risk of facilities being damaged by force majeure such as
severe weather conditions. We limit these risks through
high safety standards as well as regular inspection,
maintenance and servicing work. If economically viable,
we take out insurance policies.

We constantly work on improving the profitability of our
organisation and operating processes. We are currently
implementing the efficiency-enhancement programme
which we launched in 2012 and which should have an
impact of at least €1.5 billion on the operating result from
2016 onwards. In 2013, we made more progress than
expected. We also believe that we may exceed our targets
in the future. However, we may also fail to achieve our
goals, if for example, planned restructuring proves
impossible to implement or can only be implemented
slowly.

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment,
acquisitions and divestments may give rise to major risks
or opportunities as they have a long-term effect on our
portfolio. Income achieved from projects involving capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets may fall short of expectations.


--- Page 68 ---

our inves Review of operations responsibility Responsib 1

88 Development of risks and opportunities,

Furthermore, prices paid for acquisitions may prove to
be too high in hindsight. Impairments may have to be
recognised for such cases. Planned asset disposals
(e.g. RWE Dea) are in danger of not being implemented
if offers do not meet our price expectations. In addition,
they are exposed to indemnity and warranty risks. RWE
has specific accountability provisions and approval
processes in place to prepare and implement decisions
concerning capital expenditure on property, plant and
equipment as well as acquisitions and divestments.
Closely monitoring both our markets and competitors
helps us record and assess strategic risks and
opportunities early on.

Information technology. Our business processes are
supported by efficient data processing systems.
Nevertheless, we cannot fully rule out a lack of availability
of IT infrastructure or a breach in the security of our data.
We mitigate these risks by applying high security
standards as well as raising user awareness and limiting
access privileges. In addition, we regularly invest in
hardware and software upgrades. Our IT is largely based
on common market standards. Its operations are run in
modern data centres. We have established a mandatory
groupwide process for managing risks associated with
engineering IT solutions.

Human resources. Competition for the best talent is
fierce for companies like RWE. To secure and strengthen
our position in this area, when recruiting staff, we
highlight RWE’s attractiveness as an employer. In addition,
throughout the Group, we strive to retain talent from
within our own ranks over the long term. In addition to
performance-based compensation and progressive
employee benefits, we put a great deal of effort into the
varied prospects employees are offered throughout the
RWE Group: points of entry through trainee programmes,
cross-disciplinary career paths, assignments in various
European Group companies as well as attractive continued
education and advanced training offerings. We limit risks
relating to staff fluctuation through replacement
arrangements and early succession planning.

consolidated finar ment urther i 97

Financial market and credit risks:

« Financial risks and opportunities. The volatility of
market interest and foreign exchange rates as well as
share prices can also have a significant effect on our
earnings. Due to our international presence, we attach
significant importance to currency risk management.
Furthermore, energy commodities such as coal and oil are
traded in US dollars. Group companies are generally
obliged to limit their currency risks via RWE AG. The parent
company determines the net financial position for each
currency and hedges it if necessary. The VaR concept is
one of the tools used to measure and limit risk. In 2013,
the average VaR for RWE AG's foreign currency position
was less than €1 million, as in the preceding year.

We differentiate between several categories of interest
rate risks. On the one hand, rises in interest rates can lead
to reductions in the price of securities held by RWE. This
primarily relates to fixed-interest bonds. On the other
hand, interest rate increases also cause our financing costs
to rise. The VaR for the securities price risk of our capital
investments in 2013 averaged €5 million, just as high as
in the preceding year. We measure the sensitivity of the
interest expense with respect to rises in market interest
rates using the Cash Flow at Risk. We apply a confidence
level of 95% and a holding period of one year. In 2013,
the average Cash Flow at Risk was €8 million, compared
to €14 million in the previous year.

The securities we hold in our portfolio include shares. The
VaR for the risk associated with changes in share prices
averaged €7 million for the year (prior year: €9 million).

Risks and opportunities from changes in the price

of securities are controlled through professional fund
management. The Group’s financial transactions are
recorded centrally using special software and are
monitored by RWE AG. This enables us to balance
risks across individual companies. Range of action,
responsibilities and controls are set out in internal
guidelines to which our Group companies are obliged
to adhere when concluding financial transactions.


--- Page 69 ---

98 RWE Annual Report 2013

= Creditworthiness of business partners. Our business
relations with key accounts, suppliers and trading
partners expose us to credit risks. We track the
creditworthiness of our transaction partners closely. We
assess their credit standing based on internal ratings, both
before and during the business relationship. Third-party
information is also considered, e.g. assessments by
rating agencies. Groupwide standards are applied when
measuring and managing credit risks. Sales transactions
that exceed certain approval thresholds and all trading
transactions are subject to a credit limit, which we
determine before the transaction is concluded and adjust
if necessary, for instance in the event of a change in
creditworthiness. If necessary, we request cash collateral
or bank guarantees. Credit risks and the exhaustion of the
limits in the trading business are measured daily.

As a rule, over-the-counter energy trading transactions
are concluded on the basis of framework agreements, e.g.
those prescribed by the European Federation of Energy
Traders (EFET). In addition, we agree on collateral. For
financial derivatives, we make use of the German master
agreement or the master agreement of the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA).

Other earnings risks: This class includes reputation risks
and risks associated with non-compliance and criminal
offences committed by employees of the Group. However,
based on our assessment, relative to the aforementioned
risks, these earnings risks are fairly low.

Indebtedness/liquidity risk: In 2013, we redeemed the
RWE Group’s net debt by €2.3 billion to €30.7 billion, and
we want to reduce it even further. There is a danger that our
cash outflows and inflows may develop less favourably than
planned. Deviations of this kind may be experienced by our
cash flows from operating activities, capital expenditure and
proceeds from divestments. In addition, the collateral
required to back our trading transactions could increase if
our credit rating were lowered. Moreover, transactions that

do not have a direct effect on cash may influence our
indebtedness. For example, changes in the market interest
rate level can also affect the net present value of non-current
provisions in RWE’s consolidated financial statements. If
discount rates must be lowered, provisions are increased,
and vice-versa. We classify our indebtedness risk as medium.

In contrast, we classify our liquidity risk as low. It consists
of the danger of our liquidity reserves no longer being
sufficient to meet our financial obligations in a timely
manner. Such obligations result above all from our financial
liabilities, which we must service. Furthermore, we must put
up collateral if trading contracts marked to market result in
a loss. We have strong cash flows from operating activities,
substantial cash and cash equivalents, unused credit lines
and further financial latitude thanks to our Commercial Paper
and Debt Issuance Programmes. Our prudent planning
ensures that we are liquid at all times. Among other things,
we make use of a groupwide notification system, which
records the Group companies’ short, medium and long-term
need for financial resources.

Report on the accounting-related internal control system:
statements in accordance with Sec. 315, Para. 2, No. 5
and Sec. 289, Para. 5 of the German Commercial Code.
Financial reporting risks arise from the fact that our annual,
consolidated and interim financial statements may contain
misrepresentations that could have a significant influence on
the decisions made by their addressees. Our accounting-
related Internal Control System (ICS) aims to detect potential
sources of error and limit the resulting risks. It covers the
financial reporting of the entire RWE Group. This enables us
to ensure with sufficient certainty that the parent company
and consolidated financial statements are prepared in
compliance with statutory regulations.

The design of the accounting-related ICS largely mirrors
the organisation of our accounting and financial reporting
process. One of the main features of this process is the
control over the Group and its operating units. The basis


--- Page 70 ---

our inves Review of operations responsibility Responsib 1

88 Development of risks and opportunities,

is provided by the target parameters determined by the
Executive Board of RWE AG. Building on them and our
expectations of the operating business trend, we develop
our medium-term plan once a year. It includes the figures
budgeted for the following fiscal year as well as the figures
planned for subsequent years. We prepare forecasts in line
with the budget for financial years underway. The Executive
Board of RWE AG and the management boards of its major
subsidiaries convene once a quarter in order to evaluate the
interim and annual financial statements and update the
forecasts.

Accounting is mostly organised locally. Occasionally, this
task is performed by Group companies for their subsidiaries.
Certain processing tasks such as payroll accounting are
pooled at internal service providers like RWE Service or

are at least subject to uniform groupwide quality standards.
A shared service centre is being built in Cracow, Poland,

to handle processes related to accounting transactions. As
the holding company, RWE AG performs central accounting
tasks. These include consolidation, the accounting treatment
of provisions for pensions in Germany, and goodwill
impairment tests. RWE AG is also in charge of tasks relating
to the management and monitoring of financial instruments,
money transactions, cash investments and tax group
accounting. External service providers are commissioned in
certain cases.

The CEOs and CFOs or the managing directors of major
subsidiaries as well as certain RWE AG department heads
must take an internal balance sheet oath for external half
and full-year reporting. In addition, the members of the
Executive Board of RWE AG take an external half and full-
year balance sheet oath and sign the responsibility

consolidated finar ment urther i 99

statement. Thereby, they confirm that the prescribed
accounting standards have been adhered to and that the
figures give a true and fair view of the net assets, financial
position and results of operations.

We prepare our financial statements using a groupwide
reporting system that we also use to prepare the budgets
and forecasts. All fully consolidated subsidiaries use this
system. It forms the basis for a standardised data reporting
process within the Group. The financial accounting systems
are largely maintained by RWE IT.

We identify risks in financial reporting at the divisional level
on the basis of quantitative, qualitative and process-related
criteria. The foundations of the ICS are our generally binding
guidelines and ethical principles, which are also set out in
RWE's Code of Conduct. Building on this, the minimum
requirements for the major processing steps ensure the
integrity of data collection and management. The risks of
individual balance sheet items resulting from subjective
discretion or complex transactions are recorded in a
groupwide risk and control matrix. Once a year, we prove
that the necessary controls have actually been implemented
and carried out properly. This is done by external auditors,
or the management in charge of performing the controls.

When in session, the Audit Committee of the Supervisory
Board regularly concerns itself with the effectiveness of

the accounting-related ICS. Once a year, representatives of
RWE AG's finance function present to the Committee on the
risks of financial reporting. They also explain which control
measures were taken and how the proper implementation of
the controls was verified.


--- Page 71 ---

100 RWE Annual Report 2013

1.12 OUTLOOK

The difficult market conditions for our conventional power stations will also clearly leave their mark on the
consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2014. We do not expect any positive special items such as the effect of
the gas price revision with Gazprom. Therefore, despite our current efficiency-enhancement programme, this year's
operating result will be far below the 2013 level; we expect a figure of between €4.5 billion and €4.9 billion. We
expect recurrent net income, to which we orientate our dividend proposal, to be within a range of €1.3 billion to
€1.5 billion. These figures do not take account of the planned sale of RWE Dea, but we hope to reach a contractual

arrangement for the divestment over the course of the year.

Experts predict slight economic upturn. According to
initial forecasts, global economic output in 2014 will be
around 3% higher year on year. Measures required to
consolidate state budgets in the Eurozone will probably
continue to curtail growth. The gross domestic product
(GDP) of the currency union may rise by 1%, following a
decline in 2013. Measured against this, the prospects of the
German economy are above average: the German Council of
Economic Experts is of the opinion that economic output
may rise by 1.6% in 2014. Stimulus is expected to come in
particular from the strong employment situation and the
increase in disposable income. Current economic outlooks
have GDP growing by up to 1% in the Netherlands, about
1% in Belgium and as much as 2% in the United Kingdom. In
relation to our markets in Central Eastern Europe, experts
anticipate growth of 3% in Poland, 2% in the Czech Republic
and up to 2% in Hungary.

No revitalisation of energy consumption in sight in
Western Europe. If the economy develops as described
above, demand for electricity in Germany should roughly be
the same as in 2013. The stimulating effect of economic
growth will probably be contrasted by reduced consumption
resulting from progress made in energy efficiency. Our
forecast for the United Kingdom and the Netherlands is
similar. We expect electricity usage in our key markets in
Central Eastern Europe to rise marginally: Poland may post
the strongest growth, of up to 2%, followed by Hungary and
the Czech Republic, each with about 1%.

As regards gas, the economy's stimulating effect on
consumption may well be weakened by measures to save
energy, especially in the United Kingdom. Gas usage in
electricity generation is not expected to provide noteworthy
stimulus in view of the stable, high level of gas quotations
and the low price of coal and CO, emission allowances.

As by and large temperatures in Europe were below the ten-
year average in 2013, normal weather conditions would
curtail consumption. Against this backdrop, gas usage in
most RWE markets can be expected to stagnate or decline
marginally.

Moderate changes in commodity prices. Current
developments on forward markets do not indicate a
significant change in the price of energy commodities
which are of relevance to us. At the end of the year, the
2014 forward for a barrel of Brent crude was quoted at
US$109 on the London oil market. This matches the level
of spot prices in 2013. The development of the 2014
forwards for hard coal, gas and electricity is shown on
page 39 et seqq. Here, there are no signs of an upturn
either, despite the marginal improvement in the economic
outlook. In European trading of CO, emission allowances,
only structural reforms may trigger long-term price stimulus.

However, the development of commodity prices will not
have a significant effect on our earnings in the current fiscal
year. We have already sold almost all of our electricity
generation for 2014 and secured the prices of the required
fuel and emission allowances. The average price we have
realised for electricity produced by our German lignite-fired
and nuclear power stations is lower than in the previous year
(€51 per MWh). We also limited the price risk exposure of
our oil and gas production through forward sales, albeit to

a much lesser extent than for electricity.


--- Page 72 ---

our inves Review of operations Our responsibility Responsibi r

opment a ortunit
100 Outlook

Conventional electricity generation still faces huge
challenges. The price trends on forward markets for
electricity and fuel do not indicate an improvement in the
earnings prospects of the conventional electricity generation
business in the years ahead. If implemented, the German
government's plan to create a capacity mechanism in the
medium term (see page 46) will not have its intended effect
before the second half of this decade. The design of this
mechanism has been left entirely open. Therefore, we
anticipate that the margins of our conventional power plants
will remain under pressure. However, we benefit from the
fact that we sell forward most of our electricity generation
by up to three years. We sold this year’s production and
some of our 2015 generation when prices were substantially
above the current market level. However, this advantage will
be reduced year after year.

We have already taken extensive measures to reduce costs
and improve efficiency in order to limit these earnings
shortfalls. We are implementing an efficiency-enhancement
programme launched in 2012, which is designed to have a
recurrent impact of at least €1.5 billion on the operating
result. The savings are expected to take their full effect on
earnings as early as 2016, a year ahead of schedule. A large
portion of the measures concerns our generation business.
In addition, we decided to take several gas-fired power
stations, which cannot cover their fixed operating costs,
offline and mothball them (see page 53). Further plants are
being assessed. If we find that their continued operation is
unprofitable despite efficiency-enhancement measures, we
will also shut them down.

‘onsolidated fina ment urther inforn 101

2014 revenue in the order of last year’s level. We expect
external revenue in the current fiscal year to be in the order
of €54 billion. This would match the level achieved in 2013.
RWE Dea, which is up for sale, has been considered in the
outlook on a 12-month basis. In view of rising oil and gas
production volumes, its revenue may be higher than in
2013. In addition, we expect revenue in the German and
UK supply businesses to rise, as higher upfront costs will
result in price adjustments. For example, RWE npower raised
residential electricity and gas tariffs in December 2013.
However, a normalisation of weather conditions would
curtail gas sales volumes. Furthermore, we anticipate

that electricity revenue recorded by RWE Supply & Trading
will decline.

2014 operating result: expected range of €4.5 billion to
€4.9 billion. We anticipate that EBITDA for the 2014 fiscal
year will be between €7.6 billion and €8.1 billion. The
operating result is expected to range from €4.5 billion to
€4.9 billion. Recurrent net income should total between
€1.3 billion and €1.5 billion. RWE Dea has also been
included in these figures for the full year. Earnings
contributed by the Trading/Gas Midstream Division will

be significantly down on the figure recorded in 2013, which
included the large compensation payment received from
Gazprom. In addition, margins in conventional electricity
generation will continue to shrink. However, we expect
efficiency-enhancing measures to have a positive effect.


--- Page 73 ---

102 RWE Annual Report 2013

Outlook for fiscal 2014" 2013 actual 2014
€ million
External revenue 54,070 In the order of €54 billion
EBITDA 8,762 €7.6-8.1 billion
Operating result 5,881 €4.5-4.9 billion
Conventional Power Generation 1,383 Significantly below previous year
Supply/Distribution Networks Germany 1,626 Moderately above previous year
Supply Netherlands/Belgium 278 Significantly below previous year
Supply United Kingdom 290 Moderately below previous year
Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe 1,032 Significantly below previous year
Renewables 196 Moderately above previous year
Upstream Gas & Oil 521 Significantly above previous year
Trading/Gas Midstream 831 Significantly below previous year
Recurrent net income 2,314 €1.3-1.5 billion

1 Qualifiers such as ‘in the order of,’ ‘moderately,’ and significantly’ indicate percentage deviations from the previous year’s figures.

We expect earnings at the divisional level to develop as
follows:

= Conventional Power Generation: This division's operating
result will decline significantly. We have already sold most
of this year’s electricity generation. Overall, the margins
we realised were smaller than in 2013. In addition,
expenses incurred to maintain our power stations will
probably rise compared to last year, when very few plant
revisions were undertaken. We expect efficiency-
enhancement measures to have a positive impact on
earnings. Furthermore, certain burdens experienced last
year, for example the increase in provisions for impending
losses from a loss-making electricity contract, will not
recur this year.

= Supply/Distribution Networks Germany: Here, we expect
to end the year with an operating result which is
moderately higher than in 2013. We anticipate that
earnings will be stable in the distribution network
business and that the contribution made by our supply
activities will grow. Our efficiency-enhancement
programme will be the key success factor.

= Supply Netherlands/Belgium: Although Essent also
benefits from efficiency measures, its operating result will
significantly decline. The main reason is that there was a
substantial release of provisions in 2013 and we do not
expect a similar exceptional effect in 2014. In addition,
gas supply margins may well come under increased

pressure due to fierce competition. Furthermore, if
weather conditions normalise, we will not benefit from the
revitalisation of demand caused by the cold weather in
2013.

Supply United Kingdom: We expect competition in the
retail business to become tougher in the United Kingdom
as well. Together with a tighter regulatory environment,
this will probably cause earnings recorded by RWE npower
to decrease moderately. Another reason is the sale of two
supply companies to Telecom Plus mentioned on page 51:
as a result, we will no longer serve 770,000 customers
directly. Instead, we will serve them indirectly based on a
supply agreement with Telecom Plus, which will result in
reduced margins. Our expenditure on energy savings in
households, which we are obliged to promote through
the government programme ECO, will be lower than in
2013. However, we will pass on the relief to our residential
customers by lowering tariffs as of 28 February 2014. We
expect efficiency-enhancing measures to have a positive
effect on earnings.

Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe: The earnings
level posted by this division will be significantly down year
on year, primarily due to the sale of NET4GAS in August
2013. Last year, the Czech long-distance gas network
operator contributed €171 million to the operating result.
However, this division will probably close the financial year
down on fiscal 2013 even without this deconsolidation
effect. One of the reasons is that certain transactions used


--- Page 74 ---

our inves Review of operations responsibility Resp

100 Outlook

to hedge currency risks, which had a positive impact on
the operating result in 2013, are now stated as part of the
non-operating result. In the Czech Republic, we expect
margins in the gas storage and gas supply businesses to
shrink. Earnings achieved by our Hungarian lignite-based
electricity generator Matra are likely to drop, as the
electricity prices realisable by the country’s power plant
operators have also declined substantially.

Renewables: Thanks to efficiency enhancements and new
generation capacity, RWE Innogy’s earnings will improve,
albeit not as much as originally assumed. Instead of
achieving a level of over €300 million as forecast in March
last year for 2014, the operating result posted by this
company will only be moderately higher year on year. One
reason are the delays in building our two large-scale
offshore wind farms Gwynt y Mér (576 MW) and Nordsee
Ost (295 MW), which are scheduled to be completed by
the end of 2014 and the spring of 2015, respectively. In
addition, conditions for generating renewable energy in
Spain have worsened and wholesale electricity prices are
below expectations. Furthermore, our German biomass
activities no longer contribute to RWE Innogy’s operating
result because they have been transferred to the Supply/
Distribution Networks Germany Division.

Upstream Gas & Oil: We anticipate that the operating
result posted by RWE Dea will rise significantly, to
between €600 million and €650 million. The decisive
factor is the strong increase in gas and oil production.
In 2014, we want to achieve a production volume of
at least 40 million barrels of oil equivalent (2013:
30.6 million barrels), driven by increases in output
from the new gas fields Breagh, Clipper South and
Disougq. In addition, we plan to start production at the
Norwegian oil field Knarr in the second half of the
year. Our exploration costs will probably be lower than
in 2013. However, the average price we realise for our
oil may well be below the level achieved in 2013.

consolidated finar ment urther i 103

* Trading/Gas Midstream: This division generated an
unusually strong operating result due to the large
compensation payments received from Gazprom in 2013.
We will be significantly below it in the year underway.

As set out on page 50, the gas procurement agreement
with Gazprom still imposes burdens on us despite the
successful arbitration proceedings. Furthermore, we
anticipate that margins in the gas storage business will
shrink. However, we are optimistic about being able to
exceed last year’s result in the energy trading business.

Dividend payout ratio of 40% to 50% planned. Our
dividend proposal for the current fiscal year will be in line
with a payout ratio of 40% to 50%. The basis for calculating
the dividend is recurrent net income. As mentioned earlier,
recurrent net income is expected to total between

€1.3 billion and €1.5 billion.

Headcount down year on year. We expect our workforce
to further decline in 2014. As part of our efficiency-
enhancement programme, there will be redundancies in
nearly all our divisions, in our IT and service companies
and at RWE AG.

€4.5 billion earmarked for capital expenditure on
property, plant and equipment in 2014. Our capital
expenditure on property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets from 2014 to 2016 will total about

€11 billion. This sum includes the €3 billion we expect

to spend during the three-year period on our upstream
subsidiary RWE Dea, which is up for sale. A similar amount
has been set aside for the maintenance and expansion of
our electricity and gas networks. Approximately €1 billion

in capital expenditure has been earmarked for the expansion
of electricity generation from renewables. Here, we will
focus on the construction of onshore and offshore wind
farms. In addition, in 2014 we intend to complete the two
dual-block hard coal-fired power plants at Hamm (1,528 MW)
and Eemshaven (1,554 MW), which would bring our new-
build power plant programme to an end. This year, capital
invested in property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets (including RWE Dea) is expected to total about

€4.5 billion, on a par with the level recorded in 2013.


--- Page 75 ---

104 RWE Annual Report 2013

Net debt in the order of last year’s level. We aim to fully
finance our capital expenditure and dividend payments with
cash flows from operating activities from 2015 onwards.
However, we will probably not achieve this goal in the
current year. By the end of 2014, our net debt should
roughly match last year’s level (€30.7 billion). This figure
also does not consider the effects of the potential sale of
RWE Dea. In addition, we assume that interest rates will
remain stable, which would also cause the discount rates
for non-current provisions to be flat. Based on our
forecasts for net debt and EBITDA, the ratio of these two
parameters, i.e. the leverage factor, will be significantly
higher than in 2013 (3.5). However, our goal is to return it
below our self-imposed upper limit of 3.0 over the medium
term.

Unfavourable market for gas-fired power stations

slows reduction in CO, emissions. We want to reduce

the carbon dioxide emissions of our power plants to

0.62 metric tons per MWh of electricity by 2020. To this
end, we place significant emphasis on the expansion of
renewable energy. Furthermore, the average efficiency

of our power stations will continue to increase, thereby
reducing specific emissions. We set the stage for this with
our new-build power plant programme, which is scheduled
to be completed in 2014. Six of the nine stations included in
the programme are state-of-the-art gas-fired power plants.
However, the programme cannot yet make the envisaged
contribution to reducing emissions due to the unfavourable
market conditions for this type of generation, which is based
on a relatively low emission technology. This situation will
probably not change in 2014. Therefore, we do not expect
our emissions factor to decline significantly compared to
2013 (0.76 metric tons per MWh). However, we anticipate
that the share of our electricity generation accounted

for by older hard coal-fired power stations will decrease
moderately due to capacity reductions. This should have

a small positive effect.
