

--- Page 1 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

SCANIA’S OPERATIONS IN 2013

Although the global economy improved somewhat during 2013,
it was an uneven and hesitant road to recovery and uncertainty
remains going into 2014. Global GDP growth was in low gear
during 2013. Countries with more developed economies grew
again but faced fiscal problems and unemployment, while
emerging markets faced challenges of lower growth rates and
tighter financial conditions. US economic policy issues contin-
ued to restrain global growth and many emerging economies
lost momentum as a consequence.

A somewhat improved situation in industrial production and
construction had a positive impact on transport activity during
2013.

VEHICLES AND SERVICES

Scania’s vehicle deliveries rose by 19 percent during 2013
compared to 2012. Truck deliveries rose by 21 percent to a
total of 73,611 units and bus and coach deliveries increased
by 8 percent to 6,853 units. Engine deliveries decreased by

4 percent to 6,783 units and service sales increased by 6 per-
cent in local currencies.

Pre-buys ahead of the Euro 6 transition in Europe
European demand was supported by customers investing in
Euro 5 trucks before 31 December 2013, when the transition
to Euro 6 occurred. Most EU countries allowed production

of Euro 5 trucks to continue until year-end only and allowed
registrations after that date, subject to a restriction on volume.
This meant that order bookings in the fourth quarter were
corrected downwards from the high levels in the third quarter,

while deliveries were still at a high level. Some European coun-
tries introduced incentives to encourage purchases of Euro 6
trucks ahead of the transition. In the Netherlands for instance,
support was provided for Euro 6 truck investments and in
Switzerland Euro 6 trucks were granted discounts in the road
toll system.

Owing to high European truck deliveries during 2005-2008,
followed by a lower level in recent years, the average age of the
truck population has increased, which provided some support
to demand in Europe.

The total market for heavy trucks in 26 of the European Union
member countries (all EU countries except Bulgaria and Malta)
plus Norway and Switzerland increased by 8 percent to about
238,200 units during 2013. Scania truck registrations amounted
to some 33,100 units, equivalent to a market share of about 13.9
(13.2) percent.

Latin American truck subsidies continued into 2013
GDP growth in Brazil remained at around 2 percent in 2013.
Several measures have been introduced to increase economic
activity. The Brazilian state development bank BNDES pro-
vided very favourable subsidised financing in the second half
of 2012, which generated a high level of deliveries going into
2013. Subsidies were available during the first three quarters
of 2013, which was also reflected in Scania’s order bookings
during this period. The fourth quarter of 2013 was partly domi-
nated by uncertainty regarding the subsidised financing. This
caused uncertainty among customers, but in late December
the Brazilian government announced that subsidised financing

Market shares

Trucks above 16 tonnes in 26 EU countries (all EU countries
% except Bulgaria and Malta) plus Norway and Switzerland.

5

20 o_o = Mercedes
— Volvo

10 —_——=»

5

— MAN
03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11

= Scania
— Renault
— Iveco

12 13

Scania’s main competitors are other Western manufacturers. In the
truck segment,Scania competes with DAF, lveco, MAN, Mercedes,
Renault and Volvo.

SCANIA 2013

Vehicle deliveries Service revenue

Units SEK m.
100,000 18,000
80,000
17,000
60,000
40,000
16,000
20,000
0 15,000
09 10 #411 «#12 ~=«13 09 10 #411 «#12 =«13


--- Page 2 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

would continue into 2014. In Argentina subsidised financing

programmes for truck investments were available throughout
2013, continuing into 2014. Scania truck registrations in Brazil
amounted to some 19,700 units, equivalent to a market share of
about 19.0 (12.7) percent.

Opportunities in emerging markets

Growth continued in major emerging Asian economies during
2013, but demand for vehicles of western standard is relatively
low in several of these markets. Since Scania is still building its
presence in emerging Asian markets, the impact from economic
fluctuations is normally limited. However as logistics systems
become more efficient in emerging markets, there is often a
shift towards higher standards of vehicle reliability. This will lead
to greater demand for the vehicles and services that Scania
sells. Therefore it is strategically important for Scania to have
an existing foothold in the market as logistics systems improve.
Scania has opened its first manufacturing facility in India, near
Bengaluru.

In Eurasia, deliveries decreased somewhat during 2013.
This was also the case in Russia, the dominant market in the
region. There is still good potential for western brands in Russia
and Scania managed to increase its market share to 8.2 (6.7)
percent.

Deliveries to Africa and Oceania increased somewhat during
the year, mainly due to higher sales in southern Africa.

The bus and coach market

Underlying demand of buses and coaches during 2013 was still
weak as budgetary problems continued to challenge govern-
ments in Europe. Since investments in buses and coaches,
especially city buses, are often publicly financed this factor ad-

versely affected demand. However, compared to the low levels
of 2012, Scania’s deliveries increased somewhat in most regions
during 2013. In Germany, Scania secured two major orders.

Scania entered the Indian bus and coach market with a new
range of buses and coaches for intercity and tourist services.
During the year Scania broadened its range of Euro 6 engines.

In the bus and coach segment, Scania’s main competitors
are Iveco, MAN, Mercedes and Volvo.

The market for industrial and marine engines
Demand increased during 2013 and order bookings rose by
10 percent, supported by customers investing in industrial
engines before year-end when the new Stage IV/Tier 4 Final
emission standards went into effect. Deliveries of engines
decreased by 4 percent to 6,783 units.

In its engine operations, Scania competes with Caterpillar,
Cummins, Deutz, Fiat Powertrain Technologies, MAN, MTU
and Volvo Penta in the industrial segment.

Growing service demand

Service demand increased in most markets, both in Europe
and elsewhere. In recent years, Scania has increased its vehicle
deliveries in many emerging markets and has also expanded its
service capacity and offering in these markets. This has had a
positive impact on service demand. Service revenue rose by

2 percent to SEK 17,510 m. In local currencies the upturn was

6 percent.

Demand for services and repairs is more stable over eco-
nomic cycles than demand for new vehicles, since a haulier
can choose to defer new investments but cannot avoid repairs
and maintenance to the same extent.

SCANIA 20

37


--- Page 3 ---

| JANUARY FEBRUARY MARCH | |

38

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

FINANCIAL SERVICES

The customer financing portfolio increased by SEK 3.8 billion
to SEK 48.9 billion during the year. Scania financed 27,395
vehicles during 2013 (25,778). Because of changes in market
mix, the share of financed new vehicles decreased from

38 percent to 33 percent. Operating income increased to
SEK 719 m. A larger portfolio and higher interest margins
contributed to this increase, as did slightly lower bad debt
expenses.

Most Financial Services customers are based in European
markets. The financing portfolio is well-diversified in terms of
geography and types of customers as well as their size, eco-
nomic sector and vehicle applications. Scania lowers its risk by
applying a conservative credit policy and a refinancing profile
that matches borrowing with lending.

Close collaboration between Financial Services and
Scania’s sales organisation is one important reason behind
the expansion of Scania’s financing portfolio. This collabora-
tion allows both operations to utilise each other’s knowledge
about customers and their businesses. Experience shows that
brand loyalty is higher among customers that have financing,
insurance and maintenance contracts with Scania.

During 2013 Scania has further expanded its Financial
Services operations into new markets. Operations have been

Highlights, 2013

31 JANUARY

Scania to start bus and coach sales in India.

4 FEBRUARY

Scania to deliver 709

buses in Russia.

SCANIA 2013

set up in Taiwan and Hong Kong. At the end of 2013 Financial
Services had a presence in 52 markets.

Access to credit is important for demand, since customers
normally finance their vehicle investment either through the
manufacturer or via banks and other financial institutions.
Scania’s strategy of building long-term relationships with its cus-
tomers leads to business opportunities during times of economic
uncertainty, when banks adopt a more restrictive attitude towards
vehicle financing. A good knowledge of customers’ industries and
vehicle resale values enables Scania to make better assessments
than banks, opening the way to higher financing volume.

During the downturn in 2009-2010 Scania was able to provide
financing to many customers, which has created strong brand
loyalty. This loyalty, combined with continued lower interest by
banks in financing transport related investments, explains the
level of market penetration of Financial Services.

An increasing number of customers are also seeing the bene-
fits of Scania Insurance. Around one third of the vehicles financed
by Scania also have the company’s casualty and collision (casco)
insurance. Since 2012 Scania also actively promotes insurance
cover for vehicles that are not financed through Scania. The
aim is to give access to genuine claims management services
and improved vehicle uptime to all Scania customers. Increased
brand loyalty and workshop sales are the aim of this undertaking.

21 MARCH

Scania Streamline is launched.

11 MARCH
Scania and Siemens to collaborate
on electrically powered vehicles.


--- Page 4 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Energy Water Carbon dioxide Carbon dioxide
From production From goods transport
MWh per vehicle = = Total, GWh m3 per vehicle = = Total, m3 Tonnes per vehicle a = Total, ktonnes
20 300 30 4,000,000 5 100 Distribution of parts,
in the EU and Brazil, 8%
" Aa 25 800,000 4 80
20 cera 3 60 Airfreight global, 20% r \
10 400 15 fee ‘
a 400,000 2 40 Vehicles deliveries, 20%
5 200
5 200,000 1 20 Transport to and from Scania’s
0 rn 0 0 0 production units, 52%
09 10 11 12 13 09 10 11 «#12 «13 09 10 11 «#12 «13
PRODUCTION by adjusting working hours within the framework of time banks.

The volatile demand put Scania’s flexibility to the test during the
year. Several adjustments were made to the daily production
rate to meet sharp swings in demand, which impacted produc-
tion costs negatively. Due to increasing demand in the second
and third quarter, Scania boosted the daily production rate at its
European production units, running production levels close to its
capacity ceiling in the fourth quarter. The production rate in Latin
America remained at a high level throughout most of 2013 but
temporary uncertainty regarding subsidised financing in Brazil
meant that production in the fourth quarter was stopped for one
week longer than planned.

The need for flexibility was met, among other measures, by
using a greater share of employees from staffing companies and

27 MAY

Scania to deliver 360 city buses
to Malaysia.

Scania has initiated the expansion of annual technical capacity

to 120,000 vehicles from 100,000 today. As its technical capac-

ity is expanded, Scania is undertaking efforts to ensure flexibility.
During 2013, Scania produced 82,854 vehicles (66,930).

ENVIRONMENT

Scania continuously strengthens the environmental performance
of its production units. The Scania Production System (SPS)

is central to the task of reducing the use of energy, water and
chemicals. Scania has incerased focus on the environmental
impact of its own shipments, both inbound components and
other items from suppliers and outbound parts and vehicles.
There is a significant potential for improvements in this area.

7 JUNE
Scania engineer
honoured by Porsche.

20 JUNE

Scania delivers
world’s first Euro 6
gas powered truck.

SCANIA 2018 | 39


--- Page 5 ---

40

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Share of female managers Educational level

25
Sweden Global

Compulsory school

20 not completed 1.6%

Compulsory

15 Post-secondary ‘school

education 19.2%

33.9%
10
5
I
2005 2013 © 2005 2013 Secondary school 45.3%
EMPLOYEES

Ensuring that all employees, regardless of their form of em-
ployment, feel committed to and interested in their work is an
important task for managers at all levels of the organisation.
Regardless of what work they do, or where they are in the
world.

Scania employees should be able to feel job satisfaction and
a sense of well-being. When job openings occur, employees
of staffing companies are the first to be offered permanent

SCANIA 2013

employment. Production employees who have a different
employer than Scania receive the same training opportunities
as Scania’s own employees.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

The aim of Scania’s research and development organisation is
to develop solutions to improve productivity and profitability in
customer operations. Low fuel consumption, high uptime and
low service cost combined with high quality and good perfor-
mance provide the basis. Scania invests extensive resources in
research and development which is concentrated at the Scania
Technical Centre in Sddertalje, Sweden, where some 3,400 em-
ployees work, most of them qualified engineers. Investments in
research and development have steadily increased over the past
five years in order to strengthen the product portfolio to meet
customer demand and stricter legislation. During 2013, research
and development expenses amounted to SEK 5,024 m. (4,681),
which corresponded to 6 percent of net sales.

Thanks to world-leading R&D capabilities based on the
Scania modular system, a number of new products and services
were launched during 2013.

Introducing second generation Euro 6 engines

The Euro 6 emission standard went into effect in the European
Union at the end of 2013. In 2011, Scania was one of the first
suppliers in the market to introduce engines meeting this

24 OCTOBER
Scania now offers a
complete Euro 6 range.

2 OCTOBER
Scania Eco-roll
utilises gravity to
save fuel.



--- Page 6 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

standard, which drastically reduces emission levels. Early in
2012, Scania started deliveries to customers, which means
that Scania’s Euro 6 engines already have a lot of mileage in
customer operations, providing extensive evidence of their fuel
efficiency and reliability.

With the launch of Scania Streamline, Scania also expanded its
engine range, adding second generation Euro 6 engines, which
have lower fuel consumption than the Euro 5 predecessors.
Overall, Scania has a strong position ahead of the transition to
Euro 6 and this was one reason behind the increase in market
shares during 2013. All 15 performance steps were available in
January 2014.

Scania Streamline

In March 2013 Scania unveiled Scania Streamline, a new
long-haulage truck concept featuring refined technology and
new solutions that, combined with second generation Euro 6
engines, enable customers to reduce fuel consumption by up to

25 NOVEMBER
Australia wins Scania
Top Team 2013.

11 NOVEMBER
Scania opens advanced
climate test facility at

its Technical Centre in

Sweden.

18 NOVEMBER

Scania to deliver

156 city buses to

9 DECEMBER
Scania and Bar Cargolift in
global service cooperation.

8 percent. The trucks have an aerodynamic design and feature
anew version of the Scania Opticruise automated gearchanging
system.

New features and services increasing efficiency

A number of new features and services, all focusing on im-
proving customers’ total operating economy and safety, were
introduced during the second half of 2013. Scania Eco-roll
saves up to 2 percent fuel by automatically assessing the most
fuel-efficient options in hilly conditions. Advanced Emergency
Braking (AEB) can help to deploy emergency braking, while
Lane Departure Warning (LDW) alerts drivers if a truck makes
an unintentional sideward movement. New rational functions in
Scania Fleet Management give drivers access to more effec-
tive tools to operate their vehicles efficiently, sustainably and
cost-effectively. The Scania Communicator is now standard in
all Scania trucks across most markets, making Scania Fleet
Management more accessible.

27 NOVEMBER
Scania secures
Australia’s first Euro 6
bus fleet order.

11 DECEMBER
Scania leads European
research project on
Berlin. vehicle platooning.

SCANIA 2013

4


--- Page 7 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

SCANIA SHARE DATA

The stock market year began strongly in 2013 and markets continued to rise during the first quarter.
Some volatility followed in the second quarter, after which the stock market recovered in the third
and fourth, ending the year some 20 percent higher than at the start. Although worries of a sluggish
recovery in the euro zone, US economic policy issues and slow growth momentum in some emerg-
ing markets continued 2013, overall stock market performance showed its best upsurge since 2009.

After a weak stock market year in 2011, two consecutive years
of strong growth have followed. The stock market largely
ignored macroeconomic and political worries and rose on

(2,371,000). The turnover rate was 80 (93) percent, compared
to 64 (69) percent for the NASDAQ OMX Nordic exchanges as a
whole.

expectations of a brighter economy ahead, combined with low
interest rates. Some sectors performed better than others,
especially the financial sector. Industrials underperformed the
stock market as a whole, and the performance of truck shares
was adversely affected among other things by worries about
future demand due to pre-buys of Euro 5 trucks ahead of
the transition to Euro 6 legislation.

While the NASDAQ OMX Stockholm Stock exchange rose
by 23.2 percent Scania’s Series B shares fell by 6.3 percent.
The Scania B share provided a total return of -3.0 percent (36.8),
compared to the exchange’s broad SIXRX index, which provided
a return of 28.0 percent (16.5). In the past five years, Scania’s
B share has provided an annual return averaging 18.6 percent.
The corresponding SIXRX figure is 22.0 percent.

Dividend and financial targets

The proposed dividend of SEK 4.00 per share for 2013 is
equivalent to 52 percent of net income for the year. In the past
five years, an average of 53 percent of net income has been
distributed to the shareholders.

Scania’s leadership philosophy is to take advantage of knowl-
edge and experience gained from the company’s continuous
improvement work. This means placing greater emphasis on
methods than on traditional earnings targets. These principles,
first applied at production units, have been disseminated and
applied to various parts of the company. Scania thus does not
set financial targets for the Group in the traditional sense. The
capital needs of the Group are continuously evaluated and
adapted to the investments required to safeguard Scania’s
Share trading volume growth.
Scania B share trading volume averaged about 1,283,000
shares per day in 2013 (1,473,000). Including the largest
alternative marketplaces, volume averaged 2,011,000 shares

Shareholder structure, 30 December 2013

Owner Capital % Votes % Other foreign
shareholders, 14% Volkswagen AG', 46%
Volkswagen AG* 45.66 70.94
Swedish private
MAN SE 13.35 17.37 individuals, 49%
Clearstream Banking 4.35 1.02 SN
Swedbank Robur Fonder 2.26 0.41 Swedish
Scania Resultatbonusstiftelse 0.63 0.39 institutions, 18% __
Alecta Pensionsférsakring 2.04 0.37
Skandia Liv 0.75 0.34 Clearstream Banking, 4% | MAN SE, 13%
AMF Forsakring och Fonder 0.68 0.26 1 On November 2011, Volkswagen AG completed its acquisition of the majority shareholding in MAN
Handelsbanken Fonder 0.80 0.23 SE. As a result, MAN's shareholding in Scania shall be included in Volkswagen's ownership in Scania.
Furthermore, shares equivalent to voting rights of 0.87 percent and an equity interest of 3.63 percent
Nordea Investment Funds 0.75 0.14 that are held in trust by a credit institution shall also be attributed to Volkswagen.
2 Via Scania Resultatbonusstittelse, the company's performance-based bonus foundation, employees
Total 71.25 91.47 ‘own Scania shares that amounted to the equivalent 0.63 percent of share capital on 30 December

2013. The foundation may own a maximum of 10 percent of the share capital of Scania.

42 | SCANIA 2018


--- Page 8 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

About Scania shares

Scania has been quoted on the NASDAQ OMX Stockholm
exchange since 1 April 1996. Its share capital is divided
into 400 million Series A shares and 400 million Series B
shares, where each A share carries one vote and each B
carries one tenth of a vote. Otherwise there are no differ-
ences between these types of shares. The nominal value
per share is SEK 2.50.

Some of Scania CV AB’s long-term loan agreements,
guaranteed by Scania AB, contain certain conditions stipu-
lating the right of a lender to request repayment in advance
and/or terminate the agreement following a change in the
control of company. In the view of Scania CV AB it has
been necessary to accept those conditions in order to
receive financing on otherwise acceptable terms.

Further information about Scania shares is available on
www.scania.com, Investor Relations. Questions may be
e-mailed to ir@scania.com.

Average daily trading, B shares

Number
2,000,000

1,500,000

1,000,000

500,000

09 10 an] 12 13

The chart refers to shares traded on the NASDAQ OMX
Stockholm exchange. Scania shares are also traded in
alternative marketplaces such as Chi-x, Bats Europe,
Burgundy and Turquoise. In 2013, trading averaged about
728,000 B shares per day in the largest such marketplaces.

PER SHARE DATA

SEK (unless otherwise stated) 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Year-end market price, B share 125.90 134.30 102.00 154.70 92.30
Highest market price, B share 150.00 142.20 164.80 160.00 103.00
Lowest market price, B share 119.70 101.5 89.35 8840 57.75
Change in market price, %, B share -6.25 31.7 -34.1 67.6 18.7
Total return, %, B share -3.00 36.8 -32.0 69.1 22.0
Market capitalisation, SEK m 99,160 106,720 80,180 122,440 73,640
Earnings 7.75 8.31 11.78 11.38 1.44
Price/earnings ratio, B share 16 16 9 14 65
Dividend* 4.00 4.75 5.00 5.00 1.00
Redemption - - - - -
Dividend yield, %** 3.2 3.5 4.9 3.2 11
Dividend payout ratio, % 51.7 57.2 42.4 43.9 70.9
Equity 46.3 43.7 43.1 37.5 29.1
Cash flow, Vehicles and Services 4.04 3.78 8.71 14.85 6.89
Number of shareholders*** 107,186 108,918 116,243 121,038 119,973

* For 2013: Proposed by the Board of Directors.

“Dividend divided by the market price of a B share at year end.

*** On 30 December 2013.

Share price performance

‘SEK
170 120,000
B share

150 100,000
430 OMX Stockholm PI 80,000
110 60,000

1,000s of shares
90 | traded 40,000
Frye t/ Pee TTP eT 20,000
0

2009 2010 2011 2012 2013

(© 81 Francalntormaton

SCANIA 20



--- Page 9 ---

44

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

RISKS AND RISK
MANAGEMEMENT

Risks are a natural element of business operations and entrepreneurship. Part of the day-to-day work of
Scania is to manage risks, to prevent risks from harming the company and to limit the damage that may arise.
Various risks may have an adverse impact on Scania with direct effects on business operations and on the

company’s reputation.

Scania is one of the leading companies in the heavy vehicle
industry. This leads to high expectations from all stakehold-

ers, especially customers, about Scania as a company and its
products and services. It is important to monitor and minimise
events and behaviour that might adversely affect the company’s
brand and reputation.

Scania’s strong corporate culture is based on established
values, principles, and methods and is the foundation of the
company’s risk management work. Scania’s Board of Direc-
tors is responsible to the shareholders for the company’s risk
management. The company continuously reports on risk-related
matters to the Board and the Audit Committee of the Board.

STRATEGIC RISKS

Corporate governance- and policy-related risks
The Executive Board carries the main responsibility for manag-
ing corporate governance- and policy-related risks. All units of
the company work according to a management system that
meets Scania’s requirements, guidelines, and policies and is
well documented. Rapid dissemination of appropriate informa-
tion is safeguarded via the company’s management structures
and processes. Management systems are continuously being
improved, among other ways through regular reviews, per-
formed both internally and by third parties. For a more detailed
description of Scania’s management structure, see “The man-
agement of the company” section in the Corporate Governance
Report on page 49.

Business development risks
Risks associated with business development and long-term
planning are managed primarily through Scania’s cross-
functional (interdepartmental) meeting structure for decision
making of a strategic and tactical nature, as well as Scania’s
established yearly process for strategic planning. Such planning
is discussed and challenged throughout the company, based
on external and internal deliberations. All units and levels of the
company are involved in the strategic process.

Both the cross-functional meeting structure and the strategic
process are long-established and are evolving continuously.

SCANIA 2013

Risks of overlooking threats and opportunities, of sub-optimising
operations in the company, and of making the wrong decisions
are thereby minimised, while the risk of uncertainty and lack of
clarity concerning the company’s strategy and business devel-
opment is managed in a systematic way.

Research and development projects are revised continuously
on the basis of each project's technological and commercial
relevance.

OPERATIONAL RISKS

Market risks

The demand for heavy trucks, buses and engines is affected by
economic cycles and is thus subject to fluctuations. With regard
to truck sales, in historical terms it is also possible to discern a
cyclical pattern. In addition, truck sales undergo more tempo-
rary fluctuations around their long-term growth trend. Demand
for service products is less affected by fluctuations in the eco-
nomic cycle than demand for vehicles.

Countries and regions may suffer economic or political prob-
lems that adversely affect the demand for heavy vehicles. Fluc-
tuations in world financial markets have a large or small impact
on real economic cycles and thus on the demand for Scania’s
products. Since commercial vehicles are a capital investment,
demand is not only affected by need but also by the availability
and cost of capital. Markets may temporarily stall, and local cur-
rencies may depreciate.

Well-diversified sales in more than 100 countries limit the
effect of a downturn in any given market. In individual markets,
substantial changes may occur in the business environment,
such as the introduction or raising of customs duties and taxes,
introduction or cessation of stimulus measures as well as
changed requirements for vehicle specifications. Impositions
of sanctions against certain countries may reduce the potential
for marketing Scania’s products. In addition, shortcomings in
national legal systems may substantially impair Scania’s ability to
carry out operations and sales. Scania monitors all its markets
continuously in order to spot warning signals early and to be
able to take action and implement changes in its marketing
strategy.


--- Page 10 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Risks in the sales and services network

Repair and maintenance contracts comprise one important
element of the sales and services business and help to generate
good capacity utilisation at workshops and greater customer
loyalty. These contracts are often connected to predetermined
prices. Thus both price and handling risks arise.

One advanced form of business obligation is an uptime guar-
antee for a vehicle, in which the customer pays for the distance
or time it is used. Scania works actively to improve the expertise
and ability of its sales and services network in understanding
customers’ businesses as well as in managing the risks of these
obligations.

As aresult of repurchase guarantees and trade-ins, the sales
and services organisation handles a large volume of used trucks
and buses. Prices and sales figures may vary over economic
cycles. Due to Scania’s high degree of integration into its sales
and services network, the company has extensive knowledge in
handling these variations.

Sales and services units assume a credit risk in relation to
their customers, mainly for workshop services performed and
parts sold. However, the customer base is widely dispersed and
each invoice is limited. Each individual credit is thus of limited
size.

Independent dealers may suffer problems that may have
an adverse effect on Scania’s operations. This may include
shortcomings in management and investment capacity or prob-
lems related to generational shifts in family businesses. If the
problems are not merely transitory, Scania may replace dealers
or take over the business. Scania continuously maintains close
contact with its dealers in order to spot warning signs at an early
stage and to be able to take action. In major markets, dealer-
ships are generally owned by Scania.

Production risks

Scania has an integrated component manufacturing network
with two geographic bases, Sweden and Brazil/Argentina. This
concentration entails some risk, which is nevertheless offset by
the fact that the company’s uniform global production system
enables it to source components from either area. Accord-

ing to the Scania Continuity Planning Principles, Scania must
continuously maintain its preparedness at such a level that the
company’s ability to maintain delivery assurance to its custom-
ers is not adversely affected.

Scania has a shared risk management model, the Business
Interruption Study, with corporate-level responsibility for coordi-
nation and support to line management. This model is continu-
ously being refined and also takes into account the effects of
suppliers on Scania’s delivery precision. The Business Interrup-
tion Study identifies, quantifies and manages potential interrup-
tion risks. This also includes evaluating alternatives, methods
and lead times for resuming normal operations.

Based on the results of this work, Scania regularly develops
continuity plans adapted to each operating unit, which are part
of every manager's responsibilities. Training and drills occur with

affected employees and service providers at Scania’s production
units.

Follow-up occurs by means of monitoring systems, report-
ing and response procedures. Yearly reports are submitted to
Production and Logistics management.

Scania’s Blue Rating Fire Safety system is a standardised
method for carrying out risk inspections, with a focus on physical
risks and for being able to present Scania’s risks in the reinsur-
ance market. Yearly risk inspections are conducted at all produc-
tion units and numerous Scania-owned distributors/workshops.

Scania Blue Rating — Safety, Health and Environment is a
method Scania uses to evaluate and develop the safety, health
and environmental work at its industrial units. See also under
Sustainability risks.

Supplier risks

Scania continually checks that suppliers meet the company’s.
stringent quality, financial, logistic, environmental and ethical

requirements. Such checks are also made during nomination
of new agreements. This work is regularly reported to Scania
Purchasing management.

Scania’s suppliers shall undertake to comply with the United
Nations Global Compact with respect to sustainability in the
areas of human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption.

In order to minimise the impact of production interruptions or
financial problems among suppliers, Scania’s ambition is to work
with more than one supplier for critical items.

Scania continuously safeguards the quality and delivery
precision of purchased items. It carries out day-to-day monitor-
ing, then prioritises and classifies deviations. In case of repeated
deviations, an escalation model is used in order to create greater
focus and quickly restore a normal situation. Through Scania’s
Business Interruption Study risk management model, supplier-
dependent risks that may adversely affect the continuity of
Scania’s production are identified and managed. Yearly reports
are submitted to Purchasing management.

Fluctuations in the world’s financial markets also risk affect-
ing Scania’s suppliers to a greater or lesser degree. The financial
status of suppliers is monitored continuously.

Natural disaster risk

It is hard to predict the occurrence of natural disasters as well as
their frequency and scale. For Scania’s own operations or suppli-
ers located in geographical regions that are repeatedly affected,
or where the risk is deemed higher for other reasons, the natural
disaster risk is given special attention in both the risk assessment
and in the continuity planning process.

Human resource and talent recruitment

For its future success, Scania is dependent on its ability to attract
and retain motivated employees with the right expertise for their
assignments, in order to ensure that its operations can deliver the
required product and service quality. Some of the important risks
from a human resource and talent recruitment perspective that
may affect deliveries are:

SCANIA 2013

45


--- Page 11 ---

46

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

™@ Insufficient supply of the right expertise
Inadequate expertise
@ Recruitment errors

Scania has structured, well-established working methods for
close cooperation with a number of universities and institutes of
technology in order to create and recruit cutting-edge expertise
as one element of securing good basic technical expertise for
the future, Scania has had its own upper secondary school
since 1941. Since 2012, the school has developed and broad-
ened further, together with a new partner, and with the ambition
of offering high-quality technical upper secondary school edu-
cation aimed at vocational or university preparation.

Uniform structures, common and coordinated recruitment
methods and tools as well as clearly described job requirements
help minimise the risk of recruitment errors.

Human resource and talent development occurs with the
help of a coordinated methodology. In this way, Scania achieves
quality assurance and continuous improvement in its human
resource activities.

Trends are continuously monitored, for example by using key
figures for healthy attendance, employee turnover, age structure
and professional job satisfaction as well as by using develop-
ment dialogues. Targeted actions are implemented as needed.

Information risks

For Scania, it is crucial to handle information in a way that ena-
bles operations to share and process information in an efficient
and reliable way, both within the company and in collaboration
with customers, suppliers and other business partners. The
main risks which may affect information management are that:

@ Interruptions occur in critical information systems, regardless
of cause

™@ Strategic or other sensitive information is revealed to unau-
thorised persons

™@ Strategic or other sensitive information is intentionally or unin-
tentionally changed or corrupted

Scania has a unit for global IS/IT management and coordination,
which is responsible for introduction and follow-up of Scania’s
information security policy. As part of their normal responsi-
bilities, managers monitor the risks and security level in their
respective area of responsibility and ensure that all employees
are aware of their responsibilities. Follow-up occurs by means
of both internal monitoring and monitoring performed by third
parties.

Sustainability risks

The term “sustainability risks” refers to risks of undesirable
consequences related to the environment, health and safety,
human rights and business ethics in Scania’s business opera-
tions. Risk identification and continuity planning are part of every
manager’s responsibilities and include planning adapted to each
operating unit.

SCANIA 2013

Training and drills occur with all affected employees and service
providers at Scania’s production units. Follow-up occurs by
means of monitoring systems, reporting and response proce-
dures.

At its production units around the world, Scania has carried out
orientation studies and risk assessments of buildings as well as
soil and groundwater contamination.

As needed, supplementary investigations and required actions
have been undertaken. This work takes place in close cooperation
with local or regional authorities.

During 2013, no accidents occurred that caused significant en-
vironmental impact or led to major clean-up expenses. All produc-
tion units have permits that comply with national legislation. In ad-
dition to legal requirements and the conditions included in these
permits, operations may also be subject to local requirements and
rules. In connection with increased production, Scania applies for
new permits covering the affected operations. For certain Scania
operations, however, recurrent permit assessments are required.

Scania has adopted a safety, health and environment standard,
which covers 16 prioritised areas. Scania Blue Rating — Safety,
Health & Environment is a method used in Scania’s production
and research and development operations to evaluate safety,
health and environment work. Follow-up occurs based on
Scania’s environment and work environment policy and on the
targets and legal requirements of the ISO 14001 environmental
management standard. Based on the result of this audit, Scania
can identify areas for improvement and promote good working
methods in order to gradually improve operational working
environments and reduce environmental impacts. This method
is also one of the tools for improving efforts to avoid and reduce
work environment and environmental risks.

Climate change constitutes a global risk and Scania works
continually to reduce the impact of its products and other
operations.

Research and development risks

Research and product development occur in close contact with
the production network and the sales and services organisation to
effectively safeguard high quality.

New legislation

The ability to meet coming emission standards in various markets
is of great importance for Scania’s future. In particular, this relates
to the Euro 6 standards which apply within the EU starting in
2014.

Other very important future regulations are legal requirements
for reduced passing noise, security-related systems such as the
Automatic Emergency Braking System and the Lane Departure
Warning System (AEBS/LDWS) and carbon dioxide legislation for
heavy vehicles.

To meet new regulations, Scania is utilising its global, modu-
larised product range and is adapting technologies in its future
product portfolio.


--- Page 12 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Product launch risks

Political decisions aimed at influencing the vehicle market in a
given direction — for example, for environmental reasons — by
such means as tax cuts and levies as well as regional environ-
mental zoning rules — may lead to rapid changes in demand.
This may require acceleration of product introductions and
increases in research and development resources at an earlier
stage. Scania manages this by integrating the work done by
the business intelligence group into all its development and
introduction projects.

Throughout the development period, work occurs on a
cross-functional basis to ensure that the results of business
intelligence gathered by all units are taken into account and
that Scania establishes the right priorities in its development
portfolio. The product launch process includes carrying out risk
analyses on a number of occasions in order to manage this type
of risk.

Product liability

It is Scania’s objective to develop products that are reliable and
safe to the user, the general public and the environment. How-
ever, if a product should show signs of technical shortcomings
that might be harmful to people or property, that is dealt with

by the Scania Product Liability Council. This body decides what
technical solutions should be used in order to solve the problem
and what marketing measures are needed. The Product Liability
Council also conducts a review of the processes in question to
ensure that the problem does not recur.

Insurable risks
Scania works continuously with the identification, analysis and
administration of insurable risks, both at Group and local level.

A corporate unit is responsible for the Group's global
insurance portfolio. Customary Group insurance policies to
protect the Group’s goods shipments, assets and obligations
are arranged in accordance with Scania’s Corporate Govern-
ance Manual and Finance Policy. Local insurance policies are
obtained in accordance with the laws and standards of the
country in question. When needed, Scania receives assistance
from outside insurance consultancy companies in identifying
and managing risks.

Insurance is obtained only from well-reputed insurance com-
panies, whose financial strength is continuously monitored.

Risk inspections, mainly focusing on physical risks, are
performed yearly in most cases at all production units and at
numerous Scania-owned sales and services units/workshops
according to the standardised Scania Blue Rating Fire Safety
system. This work maintains a high claim prevention level and a
low incidence of claims.

LEGAL RISKS

Contracts and rights

Scania’s operations include a wide variety of intangible licens-
ing agreements, patents and other intellectual property rights.
Scania also concludes numerous commercial and financial
contracts, which is normal for a company of Scania’s scale

and type. Scania’s operations are not dependent on any single
commercial or financial contract, patent, licensing agreement or
similar right.

Legal actions

Scania is affected by numerous legal proceedings as a con-
sequence of the company’s operating activities. This includes
alleged breaches of contract, non-delivery of goods or services,
producer liability, patent infringement or infringements related to
other intellectual property or alleged violations of laws and regu-
lations in force. Even if disputes of this kind should be decided
in a favourable way without adverse economic consequences,
they may adversely affect Scania’s reputation. For further infor-
mation, see Note 2, page 78.

Administration of contracts, essential rights, legal
risks and risk reporting

Administration of contracts, essential rights and legal risks
occurs in the normal course of operations in accordance with
the instructions described in Scania’s Corporate Governance
Report (see pages 49-54). Scania has also introduced a Legal
Risk Reporting system, according to which risks are defined
and reported. At least once a year, a report on such risks is
submitted to the Audit Committee of the Board.

TAX RISKS

Scania and its subsidiaries are the object of a large number of
tax cases, as a consequence of the company’s operating activi-
ties. These cases mainly relate to the areas of transfer pricing
and indirect taxes. For further information see Note 2, page 78.
None of these cases is deemed capable of resulting in a claim
that would substantially affect Scania’s financial position. Tax
risks above a certain level are reported regularly to manage-
ment. Once a year, a report is submitted to the Audit Committee
of the Board.

FINANCIAL RISKS

Beyond business risks, Scania is exposed to various financial
risks. Those that are of the greatest importance are currency,
interest rate, refinancing and credit risks. Financial risks are
managed in accordance with the Financial Policy adopted by
Scania’s Board of Directors. See also the “Group Financial
review” on page 60 and Note 30 on page 111.

SCANIA 2013

47


--- Page 13 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

Adopted at the Annual General Meeting on 5 May 2011

§1 The registered name of the company is Scania
Aktiebolag. The company is a public company (pub).

§ 2 The aim of the company’s operations is to carry
on, directly or through subsidiaries or associated
companies, development, manufacturing and trading
in motor vehicles and industrial and marine engines;
to own and manage real and movable property; to
carry on financing business (although not activities
that require a permit according to the Banking and
Financing Business act); as well as other operations
compatible with the above.

§3 The company’s registered office shall be in the
Municipality of Sédertalje.

§ 4 The company’s share capital shall be a mini-
mum of one billion six hundred million kronor (SEK
1,600,000,000) and a maximum of six billion four
hundred million kronor (SEK 6,400,000,000).

§5 The total number of shares in the company
shall be a minimum of six hundred and forty million
(640,000,000) and a maximum of two billion five
hundred and sixty million (2,560,000,000).

The shares may be issued in two series, Series A
and Series B. A maximum of 2,560,000,000 Series
A shares and a maximum of 2,560,000,000 Series B
shares may be issued, subject to the limitation that,
the total number of Series A and Series B shares
may not exceed 2,560,000,000 shares. Ina vote

at a General Meeting of shareholders, each Series

A share carries one vote and each Series B share
carries one tenth of a vote.

If the company decides to issue new shares of both
Series A and Series B and the shares are not to

be paid by consideration in kind, existing holders

of Series A shares and Series B shares shall have
the preferential right to subscribe for new shares

of the same type in proportion to the number of
existing shares of each type held by such existing
shareholder (‘primary preferential right”). Shares

not subscribed for by shareholders with a primary
preferential right shall be offered to all shareholders
for subscription (‘subsidiary preferential right’). If

the total number of shares to be offered is not suf-
ficient to cover the subscriptions made through the
exercise of subsidiary preferential rights, such shares
shall be distributed among the subscribers in relation
to the number of existing shares they already hold
and, where this is not possible, through the drawing
of lots.

If the company decides to issue new shares of only
Series A or Series B, for which consideration in kind
is not paid, all shareholders, regardless of whether
such shareholders currently hold shares of Series A
or Series B, shall have the preferential right to sub-
scribe for new shares in proportion to the number of
shares held by them prior to such issuance.

The above shall not in any way limit the ability of the
company to make decisions regarding cash issues
or issues where consideration is paid by offsetting
against a debt, which diverge from the shareholders’
preferential rights.

SCANIA 2013

In the case of an increase in equity through a bonus
issue, new shares of each type shall be issued in
proportion to the number of shares of the same
type already existing. Existing shares of a particular
type will thereby carry the right to new shares of the
same type. The aforesaid shall not in any way limit
the ability of the company to, through a bonus issue,
following the necessary changes in the Articles of
Association, issue shares of a new type.

What has been stipulated above regarding share-
holders’ preferential rights to new shares shall apply
correspondingly to the new issue of warrants and
convertible debentures.

§ 6 In addition to those Board members who are
appointed according to law by a party other than the
Annual General Meeting, the Board of Directors shall
comprise a minimum of three and a maximum of ten
members with a maximum of two deputies. These
members and deputies shall be elected at each
Annual General Meeting for the period up to the

end of the next Annual General Meeting.

§7 The company signatory (or signatories) are the
person(s) appointed for this purpose by the Board
of Directors.

§8 Two Auditors and two Deputy Auditors or a
registered auditing company shall be appointed at
the Annual General Meeting, for the period up to the
end of the Annual General Meeting held during the
fourth financial year after the election of Auditors, to
carry out the company’s audit. If the same Auditor
or auditing company is to be reappointed after the
term has come to an end, the General Meeting may
decide that the appointment shall be valid up to the
close of the Annual General Meeting held during the
third financial year after the election of the Auditor.

The Board of Directors is authorised to appoint one
or several special auditors, or a registered auditing
firm, to review such statements or plans which

have been prepared by the Board of Directors in
accordance with the Swedish Companies Act in
connection with such new issue of shares, warrants
or convertibles which contain provisions on payment
in kind or that subscription shall be made with a
right of setoff or with other conditions, a sale of the
company’s own shares against non-cash considera-
tion, a reduction of the share capital or the statutory
reserve, a merger or a demerger of a limited liability
company.

§9 The company’s financial year shall be the
calendar year.

§ 10 The Annual General Meeting shall be held in
the Municipality of Sddertalje or the Municipality of
Stockholm. The meeting shall be opened by the
Chairman of the Board or the person appointed to
do so by the Board.

§ 11 The Annual General Meeting shall be held
once a year, by June at the latest.

The following matters shall be dealt with at the
Annual General Meeting:

1. Election of a chairman for the meeting:

2. Approval of the voting list;

3. Approval of the agenda;

4. Election of two persons to verify the minutes;

5. Consideration of whether the meeting has been
duly convened;

6. Presentation of the annual accounts and
Auditors’ Report, and the consolidated annual
accounts and Auditors’ Report;

7. Resolutions concerning
a. adoption of the income statement and

balance sheet and the consolidated income
statement and balance sheet;

b. distribution of the profit or loss according to
the adopted balance sheet;

c. discharge of the members of the Board and
the President from liability for the financial
year;

8. Determination of the number of Board members
and deputy Board members;

9. Determination of remuneration for the Board and
Auditors;

10. Election of Board members and deputy Board
members;

11. Election of Auditors and Deputy Auditors when
applicable;

12. Other matters to be dealt with at the Annual
General Meeting pursuant to the Swedish Com-
panies Act or the Articles of Association.

§ 12 Ata General Meeting, each shareholder
entitled to vote may vote for the full number of votes
held or represented by him.

§ 13. Notice convening the Annual General Meeting,
or an Extraordinary General Meeting where a change
in the Articles of Association is on the agenda, shall
be issued no earlier than six weeks and no later than
four weeks prior to the Meeting. Notice convening,
other Extraordinary General Meetings shall be issued
no earlier than six weeks and no later than three
weeks prior to the Meeting.

Notice convening a General Meeting shall be in the
form of an announcement in the Swedish official
gazette Post- och Inrikes Tidningar and as an
announcement on the company’s webpage. An
advertisement that notice has been given shall be
published in the Swedish national circulation news-
papers Dagens Nyheter and Svenska Dagbladet.
Shareholders who wish to attend a General Meeting
must be included in a print-out of the shareholder

list reflecting conditions five weekdays prior to the
General Meeting, and must also register with the
company no later than 16.00 CET on the date stated
in the notice convening the Meeting. Such a day may
not be a Sunday, another public holiday, Saturday,
Midsummer's Eve, Christmas Eve or New Year's Eve
and may not be earlier than five weekdays prior to
the Meeting.

Shareholders may bring one or two assistants to a
General Meeting, although only if the shareholder
has given prior notice thereof to the company as
stipulated in the preceding section.

§ 14 The company’s shares shall be registered in a
central securities depository register according to the
Financial Instruments Accounting Act (1998:1479).


--- Page 14 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Scania maintains a high international standard of corporate governance through the clarity and simplicity of
its management systems and governing documents. Corporate governance at Scania is based on Swedish
legislation, in particular the Swedish Companies Act, the Annual Accounts Act, the rule book for issuers at the
NASDAQ OMX Stockholm (“Stockholm Stock Exchange”), and the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance

(“the Code”).

Governing documents at Scania

The most important governing documents at Scania are:

™@ Scania’s Articles of Association (reproduced on page 48)
™@ The Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors, including
the Board's instruction to the President and CEO and guide-
lines for essential reporting processes at Scania

The Rules of Procedure of the Audit / Remuneration
Committees

How Scania is Managed

Corporate Governance Manual

Scania Financial Manual

Communications Policy

Application and deviations

This Corporate Governance Report has been prepared in com-
pliance with the Annual Accounts Act and the Swedish Code

of Corporate Governance. Companies applying the Code can
deviate from individual rules but shall then provide an explana-
tion reporting the reason for each deviation. Scania followed the
Code with one exception in 2013: The Code states that com-
panies applying the Code are to have a Nomination Committee,
which is to submit proposals to the Annual General Meeting
(AGM) regarding election of the Chairman and other members

GOVERNING DOCUMENTS

Scania’s Articles of Association

The Rules of Procedure of the Board
of Directors, including the Board’s
instruction to the President and CEO

The Rules of Procedure of
the Audit / Remuneration Committees

How Scania is Managed

Corporate Governance Manual

Scania Financial Manual

Communications Policy

Board of Directors

President and CEO

Executive Board

of the Board and their remuneration. The Nomination Commit-
tee is also to submit proposals to the AGM regarding auditors
and their remuneration. At the AGM in 2013, Scania resolved to
no longer have any Nomination Committee, in accordance with
a proposal from the then Nomination Committee. The proposal
was explained as being on account of the company’s ownership
structure, in which the main owner, directly or indirectly, controls
almost 90 percent of the votes in the company. Other listed
Swedish companies with a similar ownership structure have
resolved not to establish a Nomination Committee.

THE SHAREHOLDERS.

At the end of 2013, Scania had about 107,000 shareholders.
Volkswagen AG was the largest shareholder, with a directly
registered holding of 70.94 percent of voting power and 45.66
percent of shares. In addition, Scania shares equivalent to 0.87
percent of voting power and 3.63 percent of share capital,
which are managed by credit institutions, must be counted as
part of Volkswagen’s holding. Since 2011, MAN SE has been a
subsidiary of Volkswagen AG. As a result of this, MAN’s holding
in Scania shall be included in Volkswagen’s ownership in Scania.

ORGANISATION

Shareholders Auditors

Audit Committee

Remuneration Committee

Corporate Departments

Group Internal Audit

Corporate Units

SCANIA

SCANIA 2013

49


--- Page 15 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Volkswagen’s ownership in Scania totalled the equivalent of
89.18 percent of voting power and 62.64 percent of share
capital. After that, the eight largest shareholders were Clear-
stream Banking, Swedbank Robur funds, Scania Resultat-
bonusstiftelse, Alecta Pensionsférsakring, Skandia Liv, AMF
Insurance and Funds, Handelsbanken Funds and Nordea
Investment Funds.

The Annual General Meeting

The right of shareholders to make decisions on Scania’s
affairs is exercised at the Annual General Meeting (AGM). All
shareholders in Scania are entitled to have an item dealt with
at the AGM. At the AGM, each Series A share represents one
vote and each Series B share one tenth of a vote. Scania’s
share capital is divided into 400 million A shares and 400 mil-
lion B shares.

According to the Swedish Companies Act, within six
months of the expiry of each financial year, Swedish limited
liability companies shall hold a general meeting of sharehold-
ers, where the Board of Directors shall present the Annual
Report and the Auditors’ Report. This shareholder meeting is
called the Annual General Meeting.

At Scania, the AGM is normally held during April or May. Notice
convening the AGM shall be issued no earlier than six and no
later than four weeks before the Meeting. Notice convening an
Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) shall be issued no earlier
than six and no later than three weeks before the

Meeting. Notice convening an AGM and an EGM shall occur

by publication in the Swedish official gazette Post- och Inrikes.
Tidningar (www.bolagsverket.se) and on Scania’s website. It
shall be announced in the Swedish national newspapers Dagens
Nyheter and Svenska Dagbladet that notice has been issued.

In order to have an item dealt with at the AGM, a shareholder
must submit it in writing to the Board early enough so that the
item can be included in the notice convening the Meeting. In
addition, at the AGM, shareholders have the opportunity to
ask questions about the company and its results for the year in
question.

Normally all members of the Board, the corporate manage-
ment and the auditors are present in order to answer such
questions.

In order to participate in decisions, a shareholder is required
to attend the AGM, in person or represented by proxy. The
shareholder is also required to be recorded in the shareholder

SCANIA BOARD MEMBERS ELECTED BY THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Independent Independent

in relation in relation to Attendance

to the com- the company’s | out of 12

First Audit Remuneration | pany and its major share- meetings*

Board member elected | Committee | Committee management* holders* in all
Martin Winterkorn, Chairman 2007 Chairman
Leif Ostling, Vice Chairman 1994 NO. NO 12
Peter Abele 2012 Chairman Member YES YES 12
Helmut Aurenz 2008 YES YES 12
Francisco J. Garcia Sanz 2007 Member YES NO 10
Jochem Heizmann * 2010 YES NO 2
Martin Lundstedt 2013 NO YES 7
Ferdinand K. Piéch 2012 YES NO 12
Hans Dieter Pétsch 2007 Member YES NO 12
Asa Thunman 2010 Member YES YES 12
Peter Wallenberg Jr 2005 YES YES 12

1 Jochem Heizmann resigned from the Board at the 2013 AGM, which elected Martin Lundstedt as a new Board member.

* The Nomination Committee's assessment before it was dissolved at the AGM 2013 of elected Board members’ independence according
to the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance.

** During 2013, the Board held twelve meetings: five Board meetings before the 2013 AGM and seven meetings after the 2013 AGM.

50 | SCANIA 2018


--- Page 16 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

list by a certain date before the AGM and to notify the company
according to certain procedures.

In accordance with the Swedish Companies Act and Scania’s
Articles of Association, the composition of the Board is decided
by election. Decisions at the AGM are usually made by simple
majority. In some cases such as an amendment to the Articles
of Association, however, the Swedish Companies Act or the
Articles of Association stipulates either a certain level of attend-
ance in order to reach a quorum or a qualified majority of votes.
A shareholder may utilise all votes that correspond to the share-
holder's shareholding and that are duly represented at the AGM.

The minutes of the AGM are published on Scania’s website.
The Articles of Association are amended through decisions by
the AGM in compliance with the rules in the Swedish Compa-
nies Act.

Information about rules and practices at the annual general
meetings of companies listed on the NASDAQ OMX Stockholm
(Stockholm Stock Exchange) and other aspects of Swedish
corporate governance is available on the Scania website at
www.scania.com/corporate-governance and is labelled “Special
Features of Swedish Corporate Governance”.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Scania’s Board of Directors is elected every year by the share-
holders at the AGM. The Board is the link between the share-
holders and the company’s management. It is of great impor-
tance in the task of developing Scania’s strategy and business
operations.

According to the Articles of Association, in addition to those
Board members who are appointed pursuant to Swedish law by
a party other than the AGM the Board shall comprise a minimum
of three and a maximum of ten members plus a maximum of
two deputy members. The members are elected each year at
the AGM for the period up to the end of the next AGM.

On 3 May 2013, Scania’s AGM elected ten Board members
and no deputy members. They are:

Martin Winterkorn

Leif Ostling

Peter Abele

Helmut Aurenz
Francisco J. Garcia Sanz
Martin Lundstedt
Ferdinand K. Piéch

Hans Dieter Pétsch

Asa Thunman

Peter Wallenberg Jr

The AGM elected Martin Winterkorn as Chairman and Leif
Ostling was elected Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.
In addition, the trade unions at Scania have appointed two
Board members and two deputy members for them. They are:

Johan Jarvklo
Hakan Thurfjell
Mikael Johansson, deputy member

Lisa Lorentzon, deputy member

A presentation of the Board members can be found on pages
56-57.

The work of the Board

The statutory Board meeting, which is held directly in conjunc-
tion with the AGM, approves Rules of Procedure and a standing
agenda for the Board meetings and, as required, rules of proce-
dure for its committees.

According to its Rules of Procedure, the Board shall hold at
least six regular meetings each year. Beyond this, the Board
meets when there are special needs.

The meetings held in January/February, April/May, July/
August and October/November are devoted, among other
things, to financial reporting from the company. The meeting
held in July/August normally deals with long-term plans and
the financial forecast for the following year. At all its regular
meetings, the Board deals with matters of a current nature and
capital expenditure issues.

During 2013, the Board held 12 meetings.

The committees report their work to the Board on a con-
tinuous basis. The Board also regularly discusses various
aspects of the company’s operations, for example financing,
product development and market issues. This occurs at in-
depth briefings where affected managers from the company
participate.

Board members’ attendance at Board meetings can be seen
in the table on page 50.

According to the Swedish Companies Act, the President may
be elected as a member of the Board. The company's President
and CEO Martin Lundstedt, was elected as a member of the
Board at the AGM in 2013.

Instruction to the President and CEO

In the instruction of the Board to Scania’s President and CEO,
the Board specifies his duties and powers. This instruction
includes guidelines on capital expenditures, financing, financial
reporting and external communications.

SCANIA 2013

51


--- Page 17 ---

52

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Remuneration to the Board

Compensation to the members of the Board is determined by
the AGM and is paid to those members who are not employees
of Scania or Volkswagen AG. The remuneration decided by the
AGM is reported in Note 28 of the Annual Report, “Compen-
sation to executive officers”.

Evaluation of the work of the Board

Awritten evaluation is normally performed annually, in which

all Board members are given the opportunity to present their
opinions about the Board, including the Chairman, and its work.
The President and CEO is evaluated on a continuous basis by
the Board. Once a year, the Board also carries out an evaluation
of the President and CEO in which he does not participate.

The committees of the Board

The Board currently has two committees: the Audit Commit-
tee and the Remuneration Committee. The Board appoints the
members of the committees from among its own members.

The Audit Committee

The current Audit Committee was elected for the first time at
the AGM in 2012 and has since then consisted of Peter Abele
(Chairman), Hans Dieter Pétsch and Asa Thunman. During 2013,
the Audit Committee met a total of nine times. All members par-
ticipated in all the meetings except for Asa Thunman, who was
absent from one meeting. The Audit Committee discusses and
monitors issues related to administrative processes, refinancing,
treasury operations, risk control and the controller organisation.
Its brief also includes discussing and evaluating the company’s
application of important accounting issues and principles and
the company’s financial reporting, as well as evaluating the audi-
tors and approving the use of external auditors for non-auditing-
related services.

When auditors are to be elected, the Audit Committee pre-
sents a proposal. The results of the evaluation of auditors and, in
case of the election of auditors, the proposal of the Audit Com-
mittee is presented to the Board as a whole. The decision of the
Board forms the basis for a proposal to the AGM.

The Audit Committee shall also receive and discuss com-
plaints concerning accounting, internal controls or auditing in
the company as well as prepare Board’s decisions regarding
possible transactions with related parties.

The Remuneration Committee

The current remuneration committee was elected for the first
time at the AGM in 2012 and has since then consisted of Martin
Winterkorn (Chairman), Peter Abele and Francisco J. Garcia
Sanz. During 2013, the Remuneration Committee met twice. All
members participated in both meetings.

SCANIA 2013

The Remuneration Committee discusses issues concerning
compensation principles and incentive programmes, as well

as preparing proposals for such issues that must be approved
by the AGM. In compliance with the principles that the AGM

has approved for the Board, the Remuneration Committee also
prepares decisions concerning conditions of employment for the
company’s President and CEO and, as appropriate, its Execu-
tive Vice Presidents.

Auditors

At Scania, the independent auditors are elected by the share-
holders at the AGM, for a period of four years. The auditors
report to the shareholders at the company’s AGM.

To ensure that the requirements concerning information and
controls that are incumbent on the Board are being met, the
auditors report on a continuous basis to the Audit Committee
on all substantive accounting issues as well as any errors and
suspected irregularities. The auditors also participate in at least
one Board meeting per year and are invited, as needed, to par-
ticipate in and report to the meetings of the Board.

Once a year, the auditors report to the Audit Committee
without the President and CEO or any other member of the
company’s operative management being present at the meet-
ing. The auditors have no assignments for the company that
affect their independence as auditors for Scania.

Scania paid its auditors the fees (including compensation for
costs) that are stated in the Annual Report, Note 29, “Fees and
other remuneration to auditors”, for both audit-related and non-
audit-related assignments.

Cooperation projects, transactions with, and
information disclosure to the Volkswagen Group
The Board has approved a policy document for coopera-

tion projects and transactions in order to ensure that all such
cooperation and transactions between the company and other
companies in the Volkswagen Group including information
disclosure are handled according to the arm’s length principle
between independent parties, that requirements under Swedish
company law, Swedish stock market rules including NASDAQ
OMX Stockholm’s rules are complied with. The policy shall
ensure that all shareholders are treated equally and that good
corporate governance is otherwise upheld by the company.

The Board’s policy document has resulted in a decision-
making process, which in brief means that after being prepared,
all initiatives relating to cooperation projects or transactions with
companies in the Volkswagen Group, where there is a risk of
some form of transfer of value from the company, shall be first
approved by the Executive Board for subsequent submission to
the Board of Directors for a final decision. The Executive Board


--- Page 18 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

only submits proposals for such cooperation projects or trans-
actions, where there is a clear business benefit for the company
and all its shareholders. Areas or knowledge that the company
defines as strategic or of importance to the company’s unique
position in its markets are completely excluded from this coop-
eration. All initiatives are documented in a logbook and in cases
where the company has decided not to participate in a coopera-
tion project or a transaction, this is reported to the Board.

The financial information that Volkswagen AG requires for
its external reporting is communicated to Volkswagen AG in
accordance with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm’s rules and Swedish
stock market rules.

The company’s auditors will examine the company’s process-
es for participation in cooperation projects or transactions with
companies in the Volkswagen Group. The auditors will give an
oral presentation at the AGM.

THE MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

The decision-making structure and management of Scania are
described in the internal governing document “How Scania

is Managed”. It also describes Scania’s policies concerning
quality, employment and employees, and environment and
sustainability issues, competitive methods and ethics.

The principles and rules presented in the governing docu-
ment “Scania Financial Manual” also apply to the Scania Group.
Financial, commercial, legal and tax risks are reported regularly
to the Audit Committee.

The companies in the Scania Group also work in compliance
with the principles established in Scania’s “Corporate Govern-
ance Manual”. The main responsibility for the operations of
subsidiaries, ensuring that the established profitability targets
are achieved and ensuring that all of Scania’s internal rules and
principles are followed rests with the Board of Directors of each
respective subsidiary.

All managers in the company are responsible for working
and communicating in compliance with the company’s strategy.
At the annual Top Management Meeting, the Executive Board
communicates the Scania Group's strategic direction. This is
also compiled in summary documents (known as “one-pagers”),
which are available to employees. The strategic direction serves
as the foundation for the Scania Group’s business and operating
plans.

The President and CEO
Under the Board of Directors, the President and CEO has overall
responsibility for the Scania Group.

The Executive Board

At the side of the President and CEO is the Executive Board.
The Executive Board makes joint decisions — in compliance
with guidelines approved by the Board and the instruction on
the division of labour between the Board of Directors and the
President and CEO - on issues in its area of competency that
are of a long-term, strategic nature, such as the development of
the company, research and development, purchasing, overall
human resource matters, environmental work, marketing, pric-
ing policy, capital expenditures, and financing. The Executive
Board also prepares such issues that shall be decided by the
Board of Directors.

The strategy meetings of the Executive Board take place
once each month. These strategies are summarised from a
global perspective and updated, taking into account market
developments.

The corporate units
The heads of corporate units are responsible to the Executive
Board for ensuring that the appropriate actions are taken in
their respective fields of responsibility based on the strategies
that have been decided. Each corporate unit reports to one of
the members of the Executive Board. The heads of corporate
units also have a general responsibility for issues that affect the
entire company, and they assist the President and CEO and the
Executive Board in their work.

The members of the Executive Board and most of the heads
of corporate units who are not prevented by other obligations
also gather at a brief meeting once each normal work week.

Management compensation

Compensation issues for the President and CEO and, as appro-
priate, Executive Vice Presidents, are decided by the Board after
preparation by its Remuneration Committee.

The principles for compensation to executive officers are
decided by the AGM, based on a proposal by the Board. The
proposal is prepared by the Remuneration Committee. Share-
related incentive programmes are decided by the AGM.

Compensation to executive officers, including the President
and CEO and the Executive Board, is stated in the Annual Re-
port, Note 28, “Compensation to executive officers”.

Internal control of financial reporting

The description below has been prepared in compliance with
the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance and the Annual
Accounts Act. The cornerstones of Scania’s internal control sys-
tem consist of the control environment, risk assessment, control
activities, information and communication as well as monitoring.

SCANIA 2013

53


--- Page 19 ---

54

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Control environment

Internal control at Scania is based on the decisions on organi-
sational structure, powers and guidelines made by the Board

of Directors. The Board’s decisions have been transformed into
functioning management and control systems by the Executive
Board. Organisational structure, decision-making procedures,
powers and responsibilities are documented and communicated
in governing documents, such as internal policies, manuals, and
codes. Also included in the basis for internal control are Group-
wide accounting and reporting instructions, instructions regard-
ing powers, and authorisation rights as well as manuals. The
Group reporting system for integrated financial and operational
information is another central element of the control environ-
ment and internal control. Integrated reporting of financial and
operational information ensures that external financial reporting
is firmly based on business operations. In addition to informa-
tion on final outcome figures, the reporting system also includes
quarterly moving forecast information. Corporate Control is
responsible for continuous updating of accounting and reporting
instructions, with due regard for external and internal require-
ments.

Risk assessment and control activities

Risk management and risk assessment are an integral element
of the business management and decision-making processes.
Risk areas identified in financial reporting are handled and scru-
tinised via Scania’s controller organisation.

The controller organisation, like financial responsibility, follows
the company’s organisational and responsibility structure. Con-
trollers who closely scrutinise business operations are found
at all levels of the organisation. Clear reporting to higher levels
takes place regularly, ensuring a solid understanding of how a
unit’s business operations are reflected in the figures. In its task
of compiling, verifying, and analysing financial information, the
corporate-level controller organisation has access to the figures
and business-related comments of all operational units.

Information and communication

In order to inform, instruct and coordinate financial reporting,
Scania has formal information and communications channels
to the affected employees regarding policies, guidelines and
reporting manuals. These formal information and communica-
tions channels are supplemented by frequent dialogue between
Finance and Business Control and the individuals in charge of
financial reporting at operational units. The Group holds internal
seminars and conferences regularly, with a focus on quality
assurance in financial reporting and governance models.

SCANIA 2013

Monitoring

Scania monitors compliance with the above described govern-
ing documents and the effectiveness of the control structure.
Monitoring and evaluation are performed by the company’s
corporate controller departments in industrial operations, all
sales and services companies, and finance companies. During
the 2013 financial year, in its control and investigative activities
the company prioritised areas and processes with large flows
and values as well as selected operational risks. Monitoring
compliance with the Scania Corporate Governance Manual and
Scania Financial Manual remained high priority areas, along with
units undergoing changes.

In preparation for every meeting, the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors receives an internal control report for review.
This report is prepared by Group Internal Audit, whose main
task is to monitor and review internal control of the company’s
financial reporting. The independence of the unit is ensured
by its reporting to the Audit Committee. Functionally, the unit
reports to the Chief Financial Officer of Scania.

The Board receives monthly financial reports, except for
January and July. This financial information increases in terms
of content in the run-up to each interim report, which is always
preceded by a Board meeting where the Board approves the
report.

Through the organisational structure and the work methods
described above, the company deems the internal control sys-
tem concerning financial reporting well suited to the company’s
operations.

Scania’s Corporate Governance Report is also available at
www.scania.com/corporate-governance.


--- Page 20 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE BOARD



--- Page 21 ---

56

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

pay

SCANIA 2013

Martin Winterkorn
Chairman of the Board of Di
2007. Chairman, Remuneration Committee.

tors since

n: Prof. Dr. Dr. h. c. mult.
Shares in Scania: 0,

Other direc
Chairman of the Board of Management,
Volkswagen AG. Chairman or member of
ervisory Board of several companies
within the Volkswagen Group. Chairman of
the Board of Mana he Auto-
mobil Holding SE, Member of Supervisory
Board of FC Bayern Miinchen AG.

rships:

Relevant work experience:
Chairman and member of the Board of
Management, Volkswagen AG, responsible
for Group Research and Development.
Chairman of the Board of Management,
Volkswagen Brand

Helmut Aurenz

Member of the Board of Directors since
2008.

Born: 1937.

Education: Apprenticeship in Horticulture,
Entrepreneur.

Shares in Scania: 0.

Other directorships:
Member of variou
dies, among t!
blies for Baden-Wirrttembergische Bank,
Landeskreditbank Baden-Wiirttemberg and
Landesbank Baden-Wiirttemberg. Member
of the World Economic Forum in Geneva.
Independent Board member of Audi AG and
Automobili Lamborghini Holding Spa

boards and advisory

y assem-

Relevant work experience:
Started in 1958 a now-sizeable garden and
fertiliser products business in the ASB Group
in Germany.

Leif Ostling
Vice Chairman since 13 December 2012.
Member of the Board of Directors since 1994.

Born: 1945,

Education: MBA and MSc.

nia: 140,000 A shi
res plus 160,000 B shares vi
companies.

s, 260,100
related

Other directorships:
Member of the Board of Mana
wagen AG. Member of Supervisory Board

of several companies within the Volkswagen
Group. Chairman of AB SKF. Vice Chairman
of ISS A/S until 6 March 2013. Member of the
Supervisory Board of EQT Holdings AB.

Relevant work experience:
Member of the Board of Management,
Volkswagen AG, responsible for Group
Commercial Vehicles from 1 September
2012. Various management positions at
‘cania AB since 1972, President and CEO
ania AB between 1994 and 2012.

Francisco J. Garcia Sanz
r of the Board of Dire rs since 2007.
Remunerat Committee.

Born: 1957

Education: Dr. rer. pol. h.
ia: 0.

Shares in S

Other directors!
Member of the Board of Management,
Volkswagen AG. Board member of several
companies within the Volkswagen Group.
Board member of CaxiaHolding S.A. and
HOCHTIEF Aktiengesellschatt.

Relevant work experience:
Member of the Board of Mana
Volkswagen AG, with global responsibility
for Procurement. Various positions at Adam
Opel AG, various m it positions at
GM and Volkswagen AG.

Peter Abele

Member of the Board of Directors since
2012. Chairman, Audit Committee. Member,
Remuneration Committee.

Born: 1941
Education: Degree in Engineering (Graduate
Engineer and Graduate Industrial Engineer)
Shares in Scania: 0

Relevant work experience:
Anumber of hi

level managerial

4, including in the car manufacturing

since
industry. Member of the Board of Manage-
ment at Audi AG, responsible for Finance and
information Technology until 2003.

4

Martin Lundstedt

Member of the Board of Directors since

Born: 1967.

Education: MSc.

Shares in Scania: 31,530 B-shares

Other directorships

Chairman of Permobil AB and Partex Marking
Systems AB. Board m F of Concentric
AB and of Laxa Special Vehicles AB.

Relevant work experience:
Various managerial positions at Scania since
1992, President and CEO for Scania since
2012.


--- Page 22 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

A>

Ferdinand K. Piéch
Member of the Board of Directors since 2012.
Born: 1937.

Education: Degree in Engineering Dipl.-Ing.
Shares in Scania:

Other directorships:
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of
Volkswagen AG and MAN SE. Member of
the Supervisory Board of AUDI AG, Porsche
Automobil Holding SE, Porsche AG, Porsche
Holding GmbH and Director of Ducati Mo-
tor Holding spa. Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Scania between 2000 and 2002
Member of the Board of Direc
between 2002 and 2003.

rs of Scania

Relevant work experience:
Began his career in 1968 at Dr.-Ing. h. c.
Porsche KG. Since then he has held a
number of high-level managerial positions
car manufacturing industry.

Hakan Thurfjell

Representative of the Federation of Salar
Employees in Industry and Services (PTK)
at Scania. Member of the Board of Directors
since 2008,

Born: 1951
Shares in Scania: 0

Relevant work experience:

Various managerial positions at Scania.

Hans Dieter Pétsch

Member of the Board of Directors since 2007.
Member, Audit Committee.

Born: 1951

Education: MSc.

Shares in Scania: 0.

Other directorships:

Member of the Board of Management,
Volkswagen AG. Member of the Board of
Management, Porsche Automobil Hold-

ing SE. Chairman or member of several
Supervisory Boards within the Volkswagen
Group. Member of the Supervisory Board of
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA.

Relevant work experience:
Member of the Board of Management,
Volkswagen AG, responsible for Finance and
Controlling. Member of the Board of Manage-
ment, Porsche Automobil Holding SE (Chiet
Financial Officer). Chairman of the Board of
Management, Diirr AG. General Manager for
Finance and Administration at Trumpf GmbH
& Co. Various positions at BMW.

Lisa Lorentzon

Representative of the Federation of
Salaried Employees in Industry and
Services at Scania (PTK). Deputy
member of the Board of Directors
since 2012

Born: 1982

Shares in Scania: 20 B shares.
Relevant work experience:

Various positions at Scania since
2007, current position Manager
Scania IT.

Asa Thunman

Member of the Board of Directors since 2010.

Member, Audit Committee

Born:
Education: Law degree (LL.M)
Shares in Scania: 0

Relevant work experience:
Senior Vice President General Counsel of

Securitas AB since 2011. General Counsel
of Elekta AB and secretary to the Board of

Directors and Nomination Committee and the

Audit Committee of Elekta AB. President of
Elekta Instrument AB and Vice President at
the corporate office of Elekta AB.

2

Johan Jarvklo

Representative of the Swedish Metal Work-
ers’ Union at Scania. Member of the Board
of Directors since 2008. Previously deputy
member since 2006.

Born: 1973,
Shares in Scania: 0.

Relevant work experience
Various positions at Scania.

Peter Wallenberg Jr
Member of the Board of Directors since
2005.

Born: 1959.

Education: MBA.

Shares in Scania: 6,000 B shares.

Other directorships:
Chairman of Foundation Administration
Management Sweden AB, the Grand Group
AB, the Royal Swedish Automobile Club. Vice
Chairman of the Knut and Alice Wallenberg
Foundation. Board member of Investor AB.
Aleris Holding AB, Atlas Copco AB and
Foundation Asset Management Sweden AB.
Relevant work experience:

Various positions at Grand Hotel

Mikael Johansson
Representative of the Swedish Metal
Workers’ Union at Scania. Deputy
member of the Board of Directors
since 2008.

Born: 1963.

Shares in Scania: 0.

Relevant work experience:

Various positions at Scania.

SCANIA 2013

57


--- Page 23 ---

58

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

EXECUTIVE BOARD

Martin Lundstedt
President and CEO.

Born: 191
Education: MSc.
Joined Scania in 1

Shares in

nia: 81

Per Hallberg

Member of Executive Board. Executive Vice
President, Head of Pi tion and Li

Born:
Education: MSc.
Joined

Shares in

B shares.

SCANIA 2013

Jan Ytterberg
Member of Executive Board. Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer (CFO).

6
Education: B:
Joined

Share

Henrik Henriksson

Member of Executi
President, Head of

ive Board. Executive Vi
and Marketi

Education: BSc.
Joined

ania in

Share

ania: 4,278 B shares.

Kent Conradson
Member of Exec ve Board. Executive Vice
President, Head of Human Re:

ources
Born: 1958.

ion: BSc.

ned Scania in 1979.

Shares in Scania: 2,360 B shares.

Christian Levin

Member of Executive Board. Executive Vice
President, Head of Commercial Operations.

Born: 1967.
Education: MBA and MSc.
Joined Scania in 1994

Shares in Scania: 1,032 B shares.

Andrea Fuder
Mer

Vice Pre:

ber of Executive Board. E:
ident, Head of Pi

utive

asing.

Born: 1967
Education: MBA and MSc.
Joined Scania in 2012.

Shares in Scania: 156 B shares.

of Executive Board. Executive
ident, Head of Research and
Development

Born: 1958
Education: Dr.-Ing.
Joined Scania in 201

Shares in Scania:



--- Page 24 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

GROUP FINANCIAL REVIEW

NET SALES
The net sales of the Scania Group, in the Vehicles and Services
segment, increased by 9 percent to SEK 86,847 m. (79,603).
Currency rate effects had a negative impact on sales of 5 percent.

New vehicle sales revenue increased by 13 percent. Sales were
influenced by the increased number of vehicles delivered. Engine sales
revenue decreased by 8 percent. Service revenue was stable overall,
amounting to SEK 17,510 m. (17,092). Higher volume of workshop.
hours and parts as well as somewhat higher prices had a positive
impact, while currency rate effects had a negative impact.

Interest and lease income in the Financial Services segment
decreased by 2 percent, mainly due to lower interest rates anda
stronger Swedish krona partly offset by higher financing volume.

Net sales by product, SEK m. 2013 2012
Trucks 57,502 49,580
Buses 6,610 7,196
Engines 1,140 1,245
Services 17,510 17,092
Used vehicles 4,912 4,492
Miscellaneous 2,319 1,892
Delivery sales value 89,993 81,497
Adjustment for lease income ' 3,146 -1,894
Total Vehicles and Services 86,847 79,603
Financial Services 4,494 4,576
Elimination? -1,812 -1,728
Scania Group total 89,529 82,451

Consists of the difference between sales value based on delivery and revenue recognised
as income. This difference arises when a lease or delivery is combined with a residual value
guarantee or a repurchase obligation. Significant risks remain, therefore recognition is based
on an operating lease contract.

2 Elimination refers to rental income from operating leases.

DELIVERIES

During 2013 Scania delivered 73,611 (61,051) trucks, an increase of 21
percent. Bus deliveries increased by 8 percent to 6,853 (6,350) units.
Engine deliveries decreased by 4 percent to 6,783 (7,063) units.

Vehicles delivered 2013 2012
Vehicles and Services

Trucks 73,611 61,051
Buses 6,853 6,350
Total new vehicles 80,464 67,401
Used vehicles 15,555 13,756
Engines 6,783 7,063

Financial Services

Number financed (new during the year) 2013 2012
Trucks 21,110 19,533
Buses 569 914
Total new vehicles 21,679 20,447
Used vehicles 5,716 5,331
New financing, SEK m. 23,615 23,992
Portfolio, SEK m. 48,863 45,037
EARNINGS

Scania’s operating income amounted to SEK 8,455 m. (8,300)
during 2013. Operating margin amounted to 9.7 (10.4) percent.

Operating income in Vehicles and Services totalled SEK 7,736 m.
(7,694) during 2013. Higher vehicle deliveries and higher service volume
were offset by negative currency rate effects and a competitive pricing
environment.

Scania’s research and development expenditures amounted
to SEK 5,854 m. (6,312). After adjusting for SEK 1,123 m. (860) in
capitalised expenditures and SEK 293 m. (229) in depreciation of
previously capitalised expenditures, recognised expenses increased
to SEK 5,024 m. (4,681).

Compared to the full year 2012, the total currency rate effect was
negative and amounted to SEK 1,735 m.

Operating income in Financial Services rose to SEK 719 m.
(606). This was equivalent to 1.5 (1.4) percent of the average portfolio
during the year. The improved earnings were mainly due to a larger
portfolio and higher margins. Bad debt expenses decreased some-
what during the year.

At year-end 2013, the size of the customer finance portfolio
amounted to SEK 48.9 billion, which represented an increase of
SEK 3.8 billion since the end of 2012. In local currencies, the portfolio
increased by SEK 4.2 billion, equivalent to 9.2 percent.

Operating income per segment, SEK m. 2013 2012
Vehicles and Services

Operating income 7,736 7,694
Operating margin, % 8.9 9.7
Financial Services

Operating income 719 606
Operating margin, %* 1.5 1.4
Operating income, Scania Group 8,455 8,300
Operating margin, % 9.7 10.4
Income before tax 8,408 8,281
Taxes 2,214 1,641
Net income 6,194 6,640
Earnings per share, SEK 7.75 8.31
Return on equity, % 17.5 19.2

1 The operating margin of Financial Services is calculated by taking operating income
as a percentage of the average portfolio.

SCANIA 20%


--- Page 25 ---

60

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

GROUP FINANCIAL REVIEW, CONTINUED

Scania’s net financial items amounted to SEK —47 m. (-19). Net
interest items amounted to SEK -63 m. (133). Net interest items were
negatively affected by a lower interest margin and a lower average net
cash position in Vehicles and Services compared to the previous year.
Other financial income and expenses amounted to SEK 16 m. (-152).
These included SEK 72 m. (-90) in valuation effects related to financial
instruments where hedge accounting was not applied.

Income before taxes amounted to SEK 8,408 m. (8,281). The
Scania Group’s tax expense for 2013 was equivalent to 26.3 (19.8)
percent of income before taxes. The tax rate was negatively affected
primarily by the reduction in Swedish corporation tax in the fourth
quarter of 2012.

Net income for the year totalled SEK 6,194 m. (6,640), corre-
sponding to a net margin of 7.1 (8.3) percent. Earnings per share
amounted to SEK 7.75 (8.31).

CASH FLOW

Cash flow in Vehicles and Services amounted to SEK 3,231 m.
(3,025). Tied-up working capital decreased by SEK 102 m., despite a
negative impact from a redemption of about SEK 800 m. related to the
PRI Swedish pension system debt.

Net investments amounted to SEK 5,320 m. (4,455), including
SEK 1,123 m. (860) in capitalisation of development expenses. At the
end of 2013, the net cash position in Vehicles and Services amounted
to SEK 8,843 m. (SEK 9,361 m,).

Cash flow in Financial Services amounted to SEK -3,336 m.
(-4,089), due to a growing customer finance portfolio.

NET DEBT

Net debt, SEK m. 2013 2012
Cash and cash equivalents

and current investments -9,609 -12,047
Current borrowings 14,483 16,305
Non-current borrowings 29,350 26,146
Net market value of derivatives

for hedging of borrowings -352 -148
Total ' 33,872 30,256
of which, attributable to Vehicles and Services ' -8,843 -9,361
of which, attributable to Financial Services ' 42,715 39,617

1 Net cash (-)/Net debt (+).

Cash flow for the year in Vehicles and Services of SEK 3,231 m.,
after subtracting the dividend and taking into account currency rate
effects, meant that the net cash position decreased by SEK 518 m.
to SEK 8,843 m.

SCANIA 2¢

FINANCIAL POSITION

Financial ratios related to the balance sheet 2013 2012
Equity/assets (E/A) ratio, % 31.4 30.9
E/A ratio, Vehicles and Services, % 45.8 444
E/A ratio, Financial Services, % 10.4 10.3
Equity per share, SEK 46.3 43.7
Return on capital employed,

Vehicles and Services, %? 21.6 22.5
Net debt/equity ratio, Vehicles and Services ® -0.28 0.31

2 Calculation is based on average capital employed for the five most recent quarters.
3 Net cash (-) Net debt (+).

During 2013, the equity of the Scania Group increased by SEK 2,108 m.
and totalled SEK 37,112 m. (35,004) at year-end. Net income added
SEK 6,194 m. (6,640), while the dividend to shareholders decreased
equity by SEK 3,800 m. (4,000). Equity decreased by SEK 907 m.
(1,178) because of exchange rate differences that arose when trans-
lating net assets outside Sweden. In addition, equity increased by
SEK 803 m. (-1,238) because of cash flow hedgings and actuarial
gains on pension liabilities. Taxes attributable to items reported under
“Other comprehensive income” totalled SEK 182 m. (199). The non-
controlling interest was unchanged during the year (69).

The regular dividend for the 2013 financial year proposed by the
Board of Directors is SEK 4.00 (4.75) per share.

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
The number of employees in the Scania Group at year-end 2013 was
40,953, compared to 38,597 at the end of 2012.

In Vehicles and Services, the number of employees at the end of
December was 40,214 (37,906).

In Financial Services, the number of employees at year-end 2013
was 739 (691).

FINANCIAL RISKS

Currency risk

Currency transaction exposure in operating income during 2013
totalled about SEK 31 (28) billion. The largest currency flows were in
euros, Brazilian reais, British pounds and US dollars. Based on 2013
revenue and expenses in foreign currencies, a one percentage point
change in the Swedish krona against other currencies would affect
operating income by about SEK 306 m. (281) on an annual basis.

According to Scania’s policy, future cash flows may be hedged
during a period that is allowed to vary between 0 and 12 months.
The Board of Directors approves maturities of more than 12 months.
During 2013, no future currency flows were hedged.

At the end of 2013, Scania’s net assets in foreign currencies
amounted to SEK 21,350 m. (19,900). The net foreign assets of sub-
sidiaries are normally not hedged. However, to the extent a foreign
subsidiary has significant net monetary assets in local currency, they
may be hedged. At the end of 2013, no foreign net assets were hedged.


--- Page 26 ---

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Interest rate risk

Scania’s policy concerning interest rate risks in Vehicles and Services
is that the interest rate refixing period on its net debt should normally
be 6 months, but divergences may be allowed within the 0-24 month
range. In Financial Services the interest rate refixing period on borrow-
ings shall be matched with the interest rate refixing period on assets.
To manage interest rate risks in the Scania Group, derivative instru-
ments are used.

Credit risk

The management of credit risks in Vehicles and Services is regulated
by a credit policy. In Vehicles and Services, credit exposure consists
mainly of receivables from independent dealers as well as end customers.

Provisions for credit losses amounted to SEK 383 m. (462), equiva-
lent to 5.1 (6.6) percent of total receivables. The year’s bad debt
expenses amounted to SEK 56 m. (56).

To maintain a controlled level of credit risk in Financial Services,
the process of issuing credit is supported by a credit policy as well as
credit instructions. In Financial Services, the year’s expenses for actual
and potential credit losses totalled SEK 280 m. (290), equivalent to 0.60
(0.66) percent of the average portfolio. The year’s actual credit losses.
amounted to SEK 238 m. (249).

At year-end, the total reserve for bad debt expenses in Financial
Services amounted to SEK 805 m. (763), equivalent to 1.6 (1.7) percent
of the portfolio at the close of 2013.

The year-end credit portfolio amounted to SEK 48,863 m. (45,037),
allocated among about 27,000 customers, of which 98.7 percent were
customers with lower credit exposure per customer than SEK 15 m.

The management of the credit risks that arise in Scania’s treasury
operations, among other things in investment of cash and cash equiva-
lents and derivatives trading, is regulated in Scania’s Financial Policy
document. Transactions occur only within established limits and with
selected, creditworthy counterparties.

Borrowing and refinancing risk
Scania’s borrowings primarily consist of bonds issued under capital
market programmes, and other borrowing mainly via the banking
system. In addition, Scania secures a certain portion of its borrowing
needs via five committed credit facilities: three in the international
borrowing market and two in the Swedish market.

At year-end 2013, borrowings amounted to SEK 43.8 (42.4) billion.
In addition to utilised borrowing, Scania had unutilised committed
credit facilities equivalent to SEK 28.1 (27.2) billion.

For more information about management of financial risks,
see also Note 30.

OTHER CONTRACTUAL RISKS

Residual value exposure

Scania delivers some of its vehicles with guaranteed residual value

or with repurchase obligations, where Scania thus has residual value
exposure. There is also residual value exposure for short-term rental
vehicles with an estimated residual value. The amount for residual value
exposure at year-end was SEK 9,873 m. (8,605). Exposure rose by
SEK 1,268 m., mainly due to an increased number of newly contracted
obligations in Europe and somewhat due to the stronger euro. During
2013, the volume of new contracts was about 8,700 (7,800).

Service contracts
A large proportion of Scania’s sales of parts and workshop hours
occurs through repair and service contracts. Selling a service contract
involves a commitment by Scania to provide servicing to customers
during the contractual period in exchange for a predetermined fee. The
cost of the contract is allocated over the contractual period according
to estimated consumption of service, and actual divergences from
this are recognised in the accounts during the period. From a portfolio
perspective, Scania continually estimates possible future divergences
from the expected cost curve. Negative divergences from this result in
a provision, which affects earnings for the period.

The number of contracts rose during 2013 by 12,000 and totalled
129,300 at year-end. Most of these are in the European market.

THE PARENT COMPANY
The Parent Company, Scania AB, is a public company whose assets
consist of the shares in Scania CV AB. The Parent Company conducts
no operations. Income before taxes of Scania AB during 2013 totalled
SEK 7,000 m. (4,000).

Scania CV AB is a public company and parent company of the
Scania CV Group, which includes all production, sales and services
and finance companies in the Scania Group.

SCANIA 20%
