

--- Page 1 ---

06 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

STRATEGIC REPORT
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

Shell has the ability to take a long-term view in an industry where this is
vital, and in a world where energy demand will continue to rise. In
2013, we maintained our strategy amid economic uncertainty.
However, our results were disappointing, and we must improve our
financial returns and operational effectiveness

The global economic recovery remains fragile, especially in the
eurozone. The global growth rate in 2013 was 3.0%, little changed
from 3.1% in 2012, according to estimates by the International
Monetary Fund. The Brent crude oil price averaged $109 per barrel in
2013, which was similar to the previous year.

Meanwhile, we faced a difficult operating environment. But there was
also room for sharpening Shell's financial and operational
performance, and we have made this a major priority for the year
ahead. We will also put particular emphasis on improving our capital
discipline and the process through which our capital allocation
decisions are taken, implemented and followed up

Nevertheless, Shell’s underlying strategy is robust. With a stronger
emphasis on improving financial returns and cash flow in 2014 and
beyond, it aims to deliver competitive returns including a growing

dividend

Our investment programme is underpinned by a sound balance sheet,
which is strong enough to withstand volatile energy prices and
revenues. lt is also flexible enough to underpin billions of dollars of
investment in new energy sources. Of course, we must balance this
investment with a prudent financial framework, generating the cash to
invest in new projects and providing shareholders with an attractive
return

With global energy demand expected to grow strongly in the decades
ahead, | am confident that this strategy — of long-term investment in
new supplies, and a sharper focus on shareholder returns — is the right
one

Global primary energy demand is set to grow by between 30% and
40% by 2035, according to projections by the International Energy
Agency published in its World Energy Outlook 2013. Large numbers
of people in emerging economies are expected to benefit from higher
incomes, and the world’s population will continue to expand,
increasing total energy consumption

TAKING A LONG-TERM VIEW

That is why Shell has maintained a long-term approach. To help meet
the world’s rising energy needs, we have continued to invest in new
supplies, in technology and in our people

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

When it comes to developing new energy supplies, integrated gas
remains a core priority. In particular, global demand for liquefied
natural gas (LNG) is set for strong growth, as more governments
around the world recognise the environmental advantages of gastired
power. When used to replace coal, gas can sharply reduce emissions
of pollutants such as nitrogen oxides and particulates, as well as CO
This can make a real difference, especially in Asia’s rapidly expanding
cities

TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION

At Shell, we have also continued to develop our technological
capabilities. In an increasingly tough industry landscape, this is critical
to our competitiveness. In 2013, we saw many positive developments.
In December, together with our partners, including operator Petrobras,
we signed a production-sharing contract for the giant Libra oil field off
the coast of Brazil. It will be a great opportunity for us to showcase our
deep-water expertise in one of the biggest deep-water fields in the
world

Work is under way in South Korea’s shipyards to build a floating LNG
(FLNG} facility that uses Shell’s technology. It will allow us to tap the
Prelude gas field more than 200 kilometres off Australia’s north-west
coast and to process, store and transfer LNG at sea. When built, it will
be the world’s largest offshore structure, with a hull measuring nearly
half a kilometre in length. The technology will allow us to open up gas
fields previously seen as too remote or small

INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE

Shell’s projects, of course, are only as effective as the people who
build and maintain them. It was another year in which we invested
heavily in recruiting and training the right people. For example, we
hired around 1,200 graduates in 2013. We also continued to equip
our employees with the technical and operational skills to build and
manage difficult projects. For instance, we opened a centre in
Sarawak, Malaysia, that aims to train well operators to the highest
operational and safety standards. The hub is the first of its kind in Asia,
and its training programmes are open to professionals from across the
region and from other companies. The centre will help Malaysia and
other Asian countries tap their oil and gas resources safely, including
those trapped in deep waters

These are just some examples of how, despite an uncertain and
challenging environment, continuing to invest in the future will bring
rewards for Shell, our customers and partners, and, of course, our
investors.

Jorma Ollila
Chairman


--- Page 2 ---

o7 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S
REVIEW

For Shell, 2013 proved to be a challenging year, in part due to a
complex and difficult operating environment,

We faced a deteriorating security situation in Nigeria. In Downstream,
refining margins in Asia and Europe were depressed by an oversupply
of global refining capacity and lower demand

There were also areas where we as a company could have been more
competitive, including our day-to-day operational performance and our
capital efficiency. Some of our businesses demonstrated outstanding
operational and financial performance. The reality, however, is that
several operated below their full potential in 2013. Our overall
performance was frankly not what | expect from Shell

Our strategy remains robust, but 2014 will signal a change of
emphasis. We will concentrate on improving returns and cash flow
performance, with a focus on three main priorities

= improving our financial performance, including restructuring our Oil
Products and North American shale oil and gas businesses;

= enhancing our capital efficiency; and

= maintaining our strong track record of delivering new projects, while
integrating our recent acquisitions

2013 MILESTONES

Let me first comment on some of the milestones of 2013. Our overall
safety performance improved as we maintained a strict focus on
running and maintaining our operations safely. The Shell Sustainability
Report details our safety and environmental performance.

For 2013, our earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable
to shareholders were $17 billion, compared with $27 billion in 2012
Net cash flow from operating activities also fell, to $40 billion from
46 billion in 2012. However, our combined net cash flow from
operating activities in 2012 and 2013 marked a 35% increase
compared with 2010 and 2011, as new large-scale projects such as
Pearl GTL made a significant contribution. Capital investment totalled
46 billion, including $8 billion of acquisitions.

We produced 3.2 million barrels of oil equivalent a day (boe/d) in
2013. Sales of liquefied natural gas (LNG} totalled 19.6 million
tonnes. Both were lower than the previous year, mainly due to the
ifficult operating environment in Nigeria

Underlining our commitment to shareholder returns, in 2013 we
istributed more than $11 billion to shareholders in dividends —
including those taken as shares under our Scrip Dividend Programme —
and spent $5 billion on share repurchases. This compares with
11 billion of dividends and $1 billion of share repurchases in 2012

IMPROVING OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND
CAPITAL EFFICIENCY
Looking ahead, our first goal is to improve our competitive financial
performance, increasing the value we obtain from the capital entrusted
to us by our shareholders

In the year to come, we will reduce our capital spending. In 2014, we
expect total capital spending of around $37 billion, a reduction of

$9 billion compared with 2013, as we moderate our growth
ambitions and strive to improve our free cash flow and returns

STRATEGIC REPORT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW

We have also embarked on a fresh programme of asset sales,
refocusing our capital and technology on the areas that will deliver
sustained profits and cash flow. In 2014 and 2015, our total
divestments across the company could total some $15 billion

In 2013, for example, we announced our intention to divest several
positions in tightgas and liquids-rich shale in North America. And in
early 2014, we agreed to sell our stake in an Australian gas project,
Wheatstone LNG, while staying focused on our bigger investments in
the country, which is emerging as a major supplier of energy to the
worl

In our Downstream business, we are also streamlining our portfolio. For
example, in 2013 we agreed to sell our stake in a refining business in
the Czech Republic. In February 2014, we agreed to sell the majority
of our downstream activities in Italy and Australia, subject to the deal
completing. We are also in the process of divesting a refinery in
Germany. Throughout 2014, we will continue to make tough decisions
about our portfolio.

Better operational performance is another critical step to shareholder
returns. | want to see continuous improvement in our execution,
including the day-to-day work of delivering our projects consistently

THE NEXT PHASE OF GROWTH: PROJECT DELIVERY
Despite disappointing financial results, 2013 was also a year in which
we laid firm foundations for the future, bringing projects to fruition that
will underpin our ability to deliver increasing cash flow through
economic cycles and competitive returns including a growing

dividend

In 2014, we will strive to build on our track record of delivering new
projects. And we will continue to use a clear set of strategic themes to
guide decisions about investment and technology

To recap, we have our upstream and downstream “engines”. These
are mature businesses that generate the bulk of our cash flow. Then
there are our growth priorities, integrated gas and deep water. These
play to our strengths in technology, and will afford significant
opportunities in the years ahead. Finally, we have opportunities for the
longerterm, including gas and oil in tight rock and shale, heavy oil,
and in the Arctic, Irag, Kazakhstan, and Nigeria

In 2013, we made strong progress against many of these strategic
priorities. In total, we took nine final investment decisions on large
projects across all areas of our business during the year

We also delivered several important new projects. In Downstream, for
example, we took further steps to meet growing long-term demand for
chemical and lubricant products in Asia’s growth markets. In China,
we opened a grease manufacturing plant, while in Singapore we
decided to expand our Jurong Island petrochemicals plant

Our portfolio of deep-water oil and gas projects went from strength to
strength. In Brazil, we bid successfully with partners for the Libra field,
and started production at the second phase of Parque das Conchas
(BC-10), which Shell operates and which is one of the world’s most
challenging deep-water projects. We also took the final investment
decision to develop a third phase at Parque das Conchas (BC-10)

We had exploration success in the deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico,
with our Vicksburg exploratory well making a notable oil discovery
Also in the Gulf of Mexico, we worked towards the start of production
in early 2014 at our new Mars B development. Peak production is
expected to be 100,000 boe/d. It will extend the life of the Mars
field, first discovered by Shell in 1989, to around 2050


--- Page 3 ---

08 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW
CONTINUED

We expect to make further advances in our deep-water portfolio. For
example, with our partners, we expect to begin production via a
dedicated floating production system from the GumusutKakap field
offshore Malaysia in 2014

With demand for LNG set for rapid growth, we moved to strengthen
our leadership position within the industry. In January 2014, we
completed the purchase from Repsol of new LNG positions in the
Atlantic and Pacific regions, increasing Shell’s worldwide equity LNG
capacity by around one-fifth

There were also significant developments in Iraq, including at the
Majnoon field, one of the world’s largest oil fields. With our partners,
we reached commercial production. We also began operations at the
Basrah Gas Company, the biggest natural gas project in the country’s
history, as well as the world’s largest flare-reduction project. It captures
gas that is being flared from three oil fields in southern Iraq

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

In 2014, we will make hard decisions about our next phase of
projects. Capital discipline and potential returns will be critical factors
in deciding which to take forward to development

In Alaska, we decided to suspend our exploration programme for
2014 following a court ruling against a government department. The
tuling raised obstacles to offshore drilling there

From 2014, tightgas and liquids-rich shale will have a different role in
our strategy. We now see them as an opportunity for the longer term
rather than the immediate future. We are reducing the number of these
opportunities in our North American portfolio as we strive to improve
our financial performance

We are responding to our disappointing results for 2013 with a
renewed focus on competitive financial performance and capital
efficiency, while maintaining our strong record of project delivery. | am
satisfied our strategy is sound and we will continue to invest in new
projects. These will not only be the foundation of our future
competitiveness, but also help to supply the world’s growing energy
needs

Ben van Beurden
Chief Executive Officer


--- Page 4 ---

09 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

HISTORY

From 1907 until 2005, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company and The
"Shell Transport and Trading Company, p.|.c. were the two public
parent companies of a group of companies known collectively as the
“Royal Dutch/Shell Group”. Operating activities were conducted
through the subsidiaries of these parent companies. In 2005, Royal
Dutch Shell ple became the single parent company of Royal Dutch
Petroleum Company and of The “Shell” Transport and Trading
Company, p.l.c., now The Shell Transport and Trading Company
Limited

Royal Dutch Shell ple (the Company) is a public limited company
registered in England and Wales and headquartered in The Hague,
the Netherlands.

ACTIVITIES

Shell is one of the world’s largest independent oil and gas companies
in terms of market capitalisation, operating cash flow and oil and gas
production. We aim for strong operational performance and
productive investments in countries around the world including
Australia, Brazil, Brunei, Canada, China, Denmark, Germany,
Malaysia, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Qatar, Russia,
the UK and the USA

Producing oil Mining oil sands
and gas
Exploring for oil Extracting
and gas bitumen

& % he
Z B
— Developing

fields

Converting gas to liquid ——
products (CTL)

Shipping
and trading

Liquefying gas | Regasifying ING
by cooling (ING)

STRATEGIC REPORT

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

We are bringing new oil and gas supplies on-stream from maior field
developments. We are also investing in growing our integrated gas
activities. For example, in February 2013 we agreed to buy part of
Repsol S.A.'s liquefied natural gas {LNG} portfolio, including supply
positions in Peru, and Trinidad and Tobago. This acquisition was
completed in January 2014. Our Downstream integrated gas activities
include converting gas to high-value petrochemicals and liquid
products such as fuels and lubricants.

At the same time, we are exploring for oil and gas from conventional,
and from tight rock, shale and coal formations. Areas where we are
exploring for conventional resources include offshore Australia and
Brazil, and in the Gulf of Mexico. Our exploration for tight oil or gas,
which can require hydraulic fracturing, is taking place in countries
including Australia, Canada, China and the USA

We also have a diverse portfolio of refineries and chemical plants that
enable us to capture value from the oil and natural gas that we
produce. Furthermore, we are a leading biofuel producer and fuel
retailer in Brazil, through our Raizen joint venture. We have a strong
retail position not only in the major industrialised countries, but also in
the developing ones. The distinctive Shell pecten, (a trademark in use
since the early part of the twentieth century), and trademarks in which
the word Shell appears, support this marketing effort throughout the
world. A strong patent portfolio underlies the technology that we
employ in our various businesses. In total, Shell currently has about
15,000 granted patents and pending patent applications.

Refining oil into
fuels and lubricants

Producing

Producing petrochemicals

biofuels

Supply and
distribution

— Generating
wind power »
‘)

lh?

Retail sales

Chemical products
for plastics,
coatings, detergents

Fuels and lubricants

| B2B sales for transport

Retail sales

Gas
for cooking, heating,
electrical power


--- Page 5 ---

10 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

BUSINESS OVERVIEW CONTINUED

BUSINESSES

Upstream International

Upstream International manages the Upstream businesses outside the
Americas. It explores for and recovers crude oil, natural gas and
natural gas liquids, transports oil and gas, and operates the upstream
and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to market.
Upstream International also manages Shell's Upstream LNG and GTL
businesses. It manages its operations primarily by line of business, with
this structure overlaying country organisations. This organisation is
supported by activities such as Exploration and New Business
Development. This organisational structure has been in place since
January 1, 2013. Previously activities were organised primarily by
geographical location

Upstream Americas

Upstream Americas manages the Upstream businesses in North and
South America. It explores for and recovers crude oil, natural gas and
natural gas liquids, transports oil and gas and operates the upstream
and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to market.
Upstream Americas also extracts bitumen from oil sands that is
converted into synthetic crude oil. Additionally, it manages the
US-based wind business. It manages its operations by line of business,
supported by activities such as Exploration and New Business
Development.

Downstream

Downstream manages Shell's refining and marketing activities for oil
products and chemicals. These activities are organised into globally
managed classes of business. Refining includes manufacturing, supply
and shipping of crude oil. Marketing sells a range of products
including fuels, lubricants, bitumen and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG)
for home, transport and industrial use. Chemicals produces and
markets petrochemicals for industrial customers, including the raw
materials for plastics, coatings and detergents. Downstream also trades
Shell's flow of hydrocarbons and other energy-related products,
supplies the Downstream businesses, governs our marketing and
trading of gas and power, and provides shipping services
Additionally, Downstream oversees Shell's interests in alternative
energy (including biofuels but excluding wind)

Projects & Technology

Projects & Technology manages the delivery of Shell’s major projects
and drives research and innovation to create technology solutions. It
provides technical services and technology capability covering both
Upstream and Downstream activities. It is also responsible for
providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of safety and
environment, and contracting and procurement. Since January 2013, it
has also been responsible for all wells activities and CO.
management.

SEGMENTAL REPORTING

Upstream combines the operating segments Upstream International and
Upstream Americas, which have similar economic characteristics,
products and services, production processes, types and classes of
customers, and methods of distribution. Upstream and Downstream
earnings include their respective elements of Projects & Technology
and of trading activities. Corporate represents the key support functions
comprising holdings and treasury, headquarters, central functions and
Shell's self-insurance activities.

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

REVENUE BY BUSINESS SEGMENT

(INCLUDING INTER-SEGMENT SALES) $ MILLION
2013 2012 2011
Upstream

Third parties 47 357 43,431 42,260

Inter-segment 45,512 51,119 49,431
Total 92,869 94,550 91,691
Downstream

Third parties 403,725 423,638 427,864

Inter-segment 702 772 782
Total 404,427 424,410 428,646
Corporate

Third parties 153 84 47
Total 153 84 47

REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

(EXCLUDING INTER-SEGMENT SALES) $ MILLION
2013 % 2012 % 2011 %

Europe 175,584 38.9 184,223 39.4 187,498 39.9

Asia, Oceania,

Africa 157,673 34.9 156,310 33.5 148,260 31.5
USA 72,552 16.1. 91,571 19.6 91,946 19.6
Other Americas 45,426 10.1 35,049 7.5 42,467 9.0
Total 51,235100.0 467,153 100.0 470,171 100.0

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Innovative technology provides ways for Shell to stand apart from its
competitors. It helps our current businesses perform, and it makes future
businesses possible

For that reason we have been spending more than any other
international oil and gas company to research and develop innovative
technology — more than $1 billion annually since 2007. In 2013,
research and development (R&D) expenses were $1,318 million,
compared with $1,307 million in 2012 and $1,123 million

in 2011 [Al

Such sustained investment has enabled us to advance technologies that
help us access new resources and better meet the needs of our
customers and partners. To name a few: seismic processing and
visualisation software that reveal previously unnoticed geological
details; drilling-rig equipment that delivers wells more quickly and more
safely; oilrecovery methods that increase production from fields;
processes that refine crude oil and liquefy natural gas more efficiently;
as well as fuel and lubricant formulations that perform better

In 2014, we will continue to focus strongly on technologies that
support our various businesses and reduce the environmental footprint
of our operations and products.

[A] R&D expenses for 2012 and 2011 have be
revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted with ef

led for the retrospective application of
# from January 1, 2013



--- Page 6 ---

VW ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

RISK FACTORS

The risks discussed below could have a material adverse effect
separately, or in combination, on our operational performance,
earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Accordingly, investors
should carefully consider these risks.

We are exposed to fluctuating prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil
products and chemicals.

Prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and chemicals are
affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally
Moreover, prices for oil and gas can move independently from each
other. Factors that influence supply and demand include operational
issues, natural disasters, weather, political instability, conflicts,
economic conditions and actions by major oil-producing countries.
Price fluctuations could have a material effect. For example, in a low
oil and gas price environment, Shell would generate less revenue from
its Upstream production, and as a result certain long-term projects
might become less profitable, or even incur losses. Additionally, low
oil and gas prices could result in the debooking of proved oil or gas
reserves, if they become uneconomic in this type of environment.
Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices, or rising costs, could also
result in projects being delayed or cancelled, as well as in the
impairment of certain assets. In a high oil and gas price environment,
we could experience sharp increases in cost, and under some
production-sharing contracts our entitlement to proved reserves would
be reduced. Higher prices could also reduce demand for our products
which might result in lower profitability, particularly in our Downstream
business

We have commenced a review of our global refining portfolio, in the
context of the growth of light crude oil supply in North America, and
excess industry refining capacity worldwide. These factors are
affecting the dynamics of the global refining industry environment. The
portfolio review could potentially lead to asset sales, closures and/or
impairments

Our ability to achieve strategic objectives depends on how we react to
competitive forces.

We face competition in each of our businesses. While we seek to
differentiate our products, many of them are competing in
commodity-type markets. If we do not manage our expenses
adequately, our cost efficiency could deteriorate and our unit costs
may increase. This in turn could erode our competitive position
Increasingly, we compete with governmentrun oil and gas companies,
particularly in seeking access to oil and gas resources. Today, these
governmentrun companies control vastly greater quantities of oil and
gas resources than the major, publicly held oil and gas companies.
Governmenttun entities have access to significant resources and may
be motivated by political or other factors in their business decisions,
which may harm our competitive position or hinder our access to
desirable projects

As our business model involves treasury and trading risks, we are
affected by the global macroeconomic environment as well as financial
and commodity market conditions.

Shell subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are subject to differing
economic and financial market conditions throughout the world
Political or economic instability affects such markets. Shell uses debt

STRATEGIC REPORT

RISK FACTORS

instruments such as bonds and commercial paper to raise significant
amounts of capital. Should our access to debt markets become more
difficult, the potential impact on our liquidity could have an adverse
effect on our operations. Commodity trading is an important
component of our supply and distribution function. Treasury and
trading risks include, among others, exposure to movements in interest
rates, foreign exchange rates and commodity prices, counterparty
default and various operational risks. As a global company doing
business in more than 70 countries, we are exposed to changes in
currency values and exchange controls. While we undertake some
currency hedging, we do not do so for all of our activities. See Notes
6 and 20 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”. Shell has
significant financial exposure to the euro and could be materially
affected by a significant change in its value or any structural changes
to the European Union (EU) or the European Economic and Monetary
Union affecting the euro. While we do not have significant direct
exposure to sovereign debt, it is possible that our partners and
customers may have exposure which could impair their ability to meet
their obligations to us. Therefore, a sovereign debt downgrade or
default could have a material adverse effect on Shell

Our future hydrocarbon production depends on the delivery of large and
complex projects, as well as on our ability to replace proved oil and gas
reserves.

We face numerous challenges in developing capital projects,
especially large ones. Challenges include uncertain geology, frontier
conditions, the existence and availability of necessary technology and
engineering resources, availability of skilled labour, project delays,
expiration of licences and potential cost overruns, as well as technical,
fiscal, regulatory, political and other conditions. These challenges are
particularly relevant in certain developing and emerging market
countries, such as Iraq and Kazakhstan, and in frontier areas, such as
the Arctic. Such potential obstacles may impair our delivery of these
projects, as well as our ability to fulfil related contractual commitments
Future oil and gas production will depend on our access to new
proved reserves through exploration, negotiations with governments
and other owners of proved reserves and acquisitions, as well as
developing and applying new technologies and recovery processes to
existing fields and mines. Failure to replace proved reserves could
result in lower future production, cash flow and earnings

In recent years, we have invested significant amounts in our tightgas
and liquids-rich shale portfolio. There is still a significant amount of
drilling that must be conducted in certain properties. If future well
results do not meet our expectations, there could be additional asset
sales and/or impairments. Additionally, management will continue to
review the strategic fit of our tightgas and liquids-rich shale assets
Depending on the outcome of that review and future capital allocation
to these properties, additional asset sales and/or impairments could
also occur.

OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION

AVAILABLE FOR SALE MILLION BOE [A]

2013 2012 2011

Shell subsidiaries 850 825 811
Shell share of joint ventures and

associates 318 369 362

Total 1,168 1,194 1173

[A] Natural gas volumes are converted to oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel.


--- Page 7 ---

12 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

RISK FACTORS CONTINUED

PROVED DEVELOPED AND UNDEVELOPED OIL
AND GAS RESERVES [A][B] (AT DECEMBER 31) MILLION BOE [C]

2013 2012 2011
Shell subsidiaries 10,835 9,873 10,320
Shell share of joint ventures and
associates 3,109 3,701 3,946
Total 13,944 13,574 14,266
Attributable to non-
controlling interest [D] 12 18 16
Attributable to Royal Dutch Shell
ple shareholders 13,932 13,556 14,250

[A] We manage our total proved reserves base without distinguishing between proved reserves
from subsidiaries and those from joint ventures and associates

[B] Includes proved reserves associated with future production that will be consumed in
operations

[C] Natural gas volumes are converted fo oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 sct per barrel
[D] Proved reserves attributable to non-controlling interest in Shell subsidiaries.

An erosion of our business reputation would have a negative impact on
our brand, our ability to secure new resources and our licence to operate.
Shell is one of the world’s leading energy brands, and its brand and
reputation are important assets. The Shell General Business Principles
govern how Shell and its individual companies conduct their affairs,
and the Code of Conduct instructs employees and contractors on how
to behave in line with the principles. It is a challenge for us to ensure
that all employees and contractors, well above 100,000 in total,
comply with the principles. Failure — real or perceived — to follow these
principles, or other real or perceived failures of governance or
regulatory compliance, could harm our reputation. This could impact
our licence to operate, damage our brand, harm our ability to secure
new resources and limit our ability to access the capital market

Our future performance depends on the successful development and
deployment of new technologies.

Technology and innovation are essential to Shell. If we do not develop
the right technology, do not have access to it or do not deploy it
effectively, the delivery of our strategy and our licence to operate may
be adversely affected. We operate in environments where the most
advanced technologies are needed. While these technologies are
regarded as safe for the environment with today’s knowledge, there is
always the possibility of unknown or unforeseeable environmental
impacts that could harm our reputation, licence to operate or expose
us to litigation or sanctions.

Rising climate change concerns could lead to additional regulatory
measures that may result in project delays and higher costs.

In the future, in order to help meet the world’s energy demand, we
expect our production to rise and more of our production to come from
higher energy-intensive sources than at present. Therefore, it is expected
that both the CO, intensity of our production, as well as our absolute
Upstream CO, emissions, will increase as our business grows. Examples
of such developments are our in-situ Peace River project and our oil
sands activities in Canada. Additionally, as production from Iraq
increases, we expect that CO, emissions from flaring will rise. We are
working with our partners to find ways to capture the gas that is flared
Over time, we expect that a growing share of our CO, emissions will be
subject to regulation and result in increasing our costs. Furthermore,
continued attention to climate change, including activities by non-
governmental and political organisations, is likely to lead to additional
regulations designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. If we are
unable to find economically viable, as well as publicly acceptable,
solutions that reduce our CO} emissions for new and existing projects or
products, we may experience additional costs, delayed projects,
reduced production and reduced demand for hydrocarbons

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

The nature of our operations exposes us to a wide range of health, safety,
security and environment risks.

The health, safety, security and environment (HSSE) risks to which we
are potentially exposed cover a wide spectrum, given the geographic
range, operational diversity and technical complexity of Shell's daily
operations. We have operations, including oil and gas production,
transport and shipping of hydrocarbons, and refining, in difficult
geographies or climate zones, as well as environmentally sensitive
regions, such as the Arctic or maritime environments, especially in
deep water. These and other operations expose us to the risk, among
others, of major process safety incidents, effects of natural disasters,
earth tremors, social unrest, personal health and safety lapses, and
crime. If a major HSSE risk materialises, such as an explosion or
hydrocarbon spill, this could result in injuries, loss of life, environmental
harm, disruption to business activities and, depending on their cause
and severity, material damage to our reputation and eventually loss of
licence to operate. In certain circumstances, liability could be imposed
without regard to Shell’s fault in the matter. Requirements governing
HSSE matters often change and are likely to become more stringent
over time. The operator could be asked to adjust its future production
plan, as we have seen in the Netherlands, impacting production and
costs. We could incur significant additional costs in the future
complying with such requirements or as a result of violations of, or
liabilities under, HSSE laws and regulations, such as fines, penalties,
clean-up costs and third-party claims

Shell mainly self-insures its risk exposures.

Shell insurance subsidiaries provide insurance coverage to Shell
entities, generally up to $1.15 billion per event and usually limited to
Shell’s percentage interest in the relevant entity. The type and extent of
the coverage provided is equal to that which is otherwise commercially
available in the third-party insurance market. While from time to time
the insurance subsidiaries may seek reinsurance for some of their risk
exposures, such reinsurance would not provide any material coverage
in the event of an incident like BP Deepwater Horizon. Similarly, in the
event of a material environmental incident, there would be no material
proceeds available from third-party insurance companies to meet
Shell’s obligations.

A further erosion of the business and operating environment in Nigeria
would adversely impact Shell.

In our Nigerian operations we face various risks and adverse
conditions, some of which have deteriorated during the year. These
risks include: security issues surrounding the safety of our people, host
communities, and operations; sabotage and theft; our ability to enforce
existing contractual rights; limited infrastructure; and potential
legislation that could increase our taxes or costs of operation. The
Nigerian government is contemplating new legislation to govern the
petroleum industry which, if passed into law, would likely have a
significant adverse impact on Shell’s existing and future activities in that
country.

We operate in more than 70 countries that have differing degrees of
political, legal and fiscal stability. This exposes us to a wide range of
political developments that could result in changes to laws and
regulations. In addition, Shell and its joint ventures and associates face
the risk of litigation and disputes worldwide.

Developments in politics, laws and regulations can — and do — affect
our operations. Potential developments include: forced divestment of
assets; expropriation of property; cancellation or forced renegotiation
of contract rights; additional taxes including windfall taxes, restrictions
on deductions and retroactive tax claims; import and export
restrictions; foreign exchange controls; and changing environmental
regulations and disclosure requirements. In our Upstream activities
these developments can and do affect land tenure, re-writing of leases,
entitlement to produced hydrocarbons, production rates, royalties and
pricing. Parts of our Downstream activities are subject to price controls


--- Page 8 ---

13 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

in some countries. From time to time, cultural and political factors play
a role in unprecedented and unanticipated judicial outcomes that
could adversely affect Shell. If we do not comply with policies and
regulations, this may result in regulatory investigations, litigation and
ultimately sanctions. Certain governments, states and regulatory bodies
have, in the opinion of Shell, exceeded their constitutional authority by
attempting unilaterally to amend or cancel existing agreements or
arrangements; by failing to honour existing contractual commitments;
and by seeking to adjudicate disputes between private litigants. EU
regulators have adopted regulations that, subject to UK
implementation, require disclosure of information on payments to
governments that we believe is immaterial to investors, but that could
compromise confidential commercial arrangements and create
conflicting legal requirements. The United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) had adopted similar requirements, but
these requirements were vacated by the US Federal District Court.
Accordingly, the SEC must adopt new rules. Additional regulations
targeted at the financial sector could have adverse consequences for
our trading, treasury and pension operations

Our operations expose us to social instability, civil unrest, terrorism, acts
of war, piracy and government sanctions that could have an adverse
impact on our business.

As seen in recent years in Nigeria, north Africa and the Middle East,
social and civil unrest, both within the countries in which we operate
and elsewhere, can — and does — affect Shell. Potential developments
that could impact our business include international sanctions, conflicts
including war, acts of political or economic terrorism and acts of
piracy on the high seas, as well as civil unrest, including disruptions by
non-governmental and political organisations, and local security
concerns that threaten the safe operation of our facilities and transport
of our products. For example, EU sanctions have prohibited us from
producing oil and gas in Syria, and the USA and the EU have
imposed sanctions relating to transactions involving Iran and Sudan,
among other countries. If such risks materialise, they could result in
injuries and disruption to business activities

We rely heavily on information technology systems for our operations.
The operation of many of our business processes depends on the
availability of information technology (IT) systems. Our IT systems are
increasingly concentrated in terms of geography, number of systems,
and key contractors supporting the delivery of IT services. Shell, like
many other multinational companies, has been the target of attempts to
gain unauthorised access through the internet to our IT systems,
including more sophisticated attempts often referred to as advanced
persistent threats. Shell seeks to detect and investigate all such security
incidents, aiming to prevent their recurrence. Disruption of critical IT
services, or breaches of information security, could have adverse
consequences for Shell

We have substantial pension commitments, whose funding is subject to
capital market risks.

Liabilities associated with defined benefit plans can be significant, as
can the cash funding of such plans; both depend on various
assumptions. Volatility in capital markets, and the resulting
consequences for investment performance and interest rates, may result
in significant changes to the funding level of future liabilities. In case of
a shortfall, Shell might be required to make substantial cash
contributions, depending on the applicable local regulations

The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective
judgements based on available information and the application of
complex rules, so subsequent downward adjustments are possible.
The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective
judgements and determinations based on available geological,

STRATEGIC REPORT

RISK FACTORS

technical, contractual and economic information. Estimates may
change because of new information from production or drilling
activities, or changes in economic factors, including changes in the
price of oil or gas and changes in the taxation or regulatory policies of
host governments or other events. Estimates may also be altered by
acquisitions and divestments, new discoveries, and extensions of
existing fields and mines, as well as the application of improved
recovery techniques. Published proved oil and gas reserves estimates
may also be subject to correction due to errors in the application of
published rules and changes in guidance. Any downward adjustment
would indicate lower future production volumes.

Many of our major projects and operations are conducted in joint
arrangements or associates. This may reduce our degree of control, as
well as our ability to identify and manage risks.

A significant share of our capital is invested in joint arrangements or
associates. In cases where we are not the operator we have limited
influence over, and control of, the behaviour, performance and costs of
operation of such joint arrangements or associates. Despite not having
control, we could still be exposed to the risks associated with these
operations. For example, our partners or members of a joint
arrangement or an associate (particularly local partners in developing
countries) may not be able to meet their financial or other obligations
to the projects, threatening the viability of a given project.

Violations of antitrust and competition law carry fines and expose us
and/or our employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

Antitrust and competition laws apply to Shell and its joint ventures and
associates in the vast majority of countries in which we do business.
Shell and its joint ventures and associates have been fined for
violations of antitrust and competition law. These include a number of
fines by the European Commission Directorate-General for Competition
(DG COMP). Due to the DG COMP’s fining guidelines, any future
conviction of Shell and its joint ventures or associates for violation of
EU competition law could result in significantly larger fines. Violation of
antitrust laws is a criminal offence in many countries, and individuals
can be either imprisoned or fined. Furthermore, it is now common for
persons or corporations allegedly injured by antitrust violations to sue
for damages.

Violations of anti-bribery and corruption law carry fines and expose us
and/or our employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

In 2010, Shell agreed to a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with
the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) for violations of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA], which arose in connection with its use of
the freightforwarding firm Panalpina. In November 2013, the DPA
was successfully concluded. Shell’s ethics and compliance programme
was enhanced during the DPA and remains in full force and effect. Any
violations of the FCPA or other relevant anti-bribery and corruption
legislation could have a material adverse effect on the Company.

Violations of data protection laws carry fines and expose us and/or our
employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

Data protection laws apply to Shell and its joint ventures and
associates in the vast majority of countries in which we do business.
Over 100 countries globally have data protection laws and
regulations. Additionally, impending EU Data Privacy Regulation
proposes to increase penalties up to a maximum of 5% of global
annual turnover for breach. Non-compliance with data protection laws
could expose Shell to regulatory investigations, which may result in
fines and penalties. Shell also could be subject to litigation from
persons or corporations allegedly affected by data protection
violations. Violation of data protection laws is a criminal offence in
some countries, and individuals can be either imprisoned or fined


--- Page 9 ---

14 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 REPORTS. SHELL.COM

RISK FACTORS CONTINUED

The Company's Articles of Association determine the jurisdiction for
shareholder disputes. This might limit shareholder remedies.

Our Articles of Association generally require that all disputes between
our shareholders in such capacity and the Company or our subsidiaries
(or our Directors or former Directors), or between the Company and our
Directors or former Directors, be exclusively resolved by arbitration in
The Hague, the Netherlands, under the Rules of Arbitration of the
International Chamber of Commerce. Our Articles of Association also
provide that, if this provision is for any reason determined to be invalid
or unenforceable, the dispute may only be brought to the courts of
England and Wales. Accordingly, the ability of shareholders to obtain
monetary or other relief, including in respect of securities law claims,
may be determined in accordance with these provisions. See the
“Corporate governance” report.


--- Page 10 ---

15 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 204 2013

STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

STRATEGY

Our strategy seeks to reinforce our position as a leader in the oil and
gas industry, while helping to meet global energy demand in a
responsible way. We aim to grow our cash flow and deliver
competitive returns through economic cycles, to finance a competitive
dividend and fund investment for future growth. Safety and
environmental and social responsibility are at the heart of our activities

Intense competition exists for access to upstream resources and to new
downstream markets. But we believe that our technology, project
delivery capability and operational excellence will remain key
differentiators for our businesses. We expect about 85% of our capital
investment in 2014 to be in our Upstream businesses

In Upstream we focus on exploration for new liquids and natural gas
reserves, and on developing major new projects where our technology
and know-how add value to the resources holders

We focus on a series of strategic themes, each requiring distinctive
technologies and risk management:

™ our upstream and downstream “engines” are strongly cash-
generative, mature businesses, which will underpin our financial
performance to at least the end of this decade. Here we only seek to
make investments in selective growth positions, and we apply Shell's
distinctive technology and operating performance to extend the
productive lives of our assets and to enhance their profitability;

our growth priorities follow two stra
deep water. These will provide our

tegic themes: integrated gas and
medium-term growth, and we

expect them to become core engines in the future. Here, we use the

advantages of Shell's technological
unlock highly competitive resources
™ our longer-term strategic themes are

know-how and global scale to
positions; and
resource plays such as shale oil

and gas as well as future opportunities including the Arctic, Iraq,

Kazakhstan, Nigeria, and heavy oi

|, where we believe large

reserves positions could potentially

ecome available, with the pace

of development driven by market and local operating conditions, as

well as the regulatory environment

Meeting the growing demand for ene

rgy worldwide in ways that

minimise environmental and social impact is a major challenge for the
global energy industry. We aim to improve energy efficiency in our

own operations, support customers in

managing their energy demands,

and continue to research and develop technologies that increase
efficiency and reduce emissions in liquids and natural gas production

STRATEGIC REPORT

STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

Our commitment to technology and innovation continues to be at the
core of our strategy. As energy projects become more complex and
more technically demanding, we believe our engineering expertise will
be a deciding factor in the growth of our businesses. Our key strengths
include the development and application of technology, the financial
and projectmanagement skills that allow us to deliver large field
development projects, and the management of integrated value chains.

We aim to leverage our diverse and global business portfolio and
customer-focused businesses built around the strength of the Shell

brand
OUTLOOK

We continuously seek to improve our operating performance, with an
emphasis on health, safety and environment, asset performance and
operating costs. For 2014, we have set out three key priorities:
improving our financial performance, enhancing our capital efficiency,
including financial discipline when evaluating investment opportunities,
and continuing our focus on project delivery

In 2014, we expect capital investment of around $37 billion, a
reduction of $9 billion compared with 2013, as we moderate our
growth ambitions and strive to improve our free cash flow and returns
Asset sales are a key element of our strategy — improving our capital
efficiency by focusing our investment on the most attractive growth
opportunities. Sales of non-core assets in 2011 to 2013 generated
$16 billion in divestment proceeds. Exits from further positions in 2014
to 2015 are expected to generate some $15 billion in divestment
proceeds. We have initiatives underway that are expected to improve
our Upstream Americas and integrated Downstream businesses,
focusing on the profitability of our portfolio and growth potential

Shell has built up a substantial portfolio of project options for future
growth. This portfolio has been designed to capture energy price
upside and manage Shell's exposure to industry challenges from cost
inflation and political risk. Key elements of these opportunities are in
global exploration and established resources positions in the Gulf of
Mexico, Australian LNG, offshore Europe, and others. Shell is working
to mature these projects, with an emphasis on financial returns.

The statements in this Strategy and outlook section, including those
related to our growth strategies and our expected or potential future
cash flow from operations, capital investment, divestment proceeds,
and production, are based on management's current expectations and
certain material assumptions and, accordingly, involve risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to
differ materially from those expressed or implied herein. See “About
this Report" and “Risk factors”


--- Page 11 ---

16 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

MARKET OVERVIEW

According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), global economic
growth in 2013 was 3.0%, little changed from 3.1% in 2012, and is
forecast to rise to 3.7% for 2014, which would still be below the
annual average of 3.9% for the previous 10 years

In 2013, the recovery in the USA was hampered by factors including
the expiration of the payroll tax holiday, while the eurozone suffered
from reduced public spending and weak domestic demand. An
improved outlook for the US economy brought forward the tapering of
quantitative easing, causing turmoil in many emerging markets, due to
a reversal of capital flows, tighter financial conditions and a fall in
exchange rates

In January 2014, the IMF estimated that: the eurozone’s gross
domestic product (GDP) contracted by 0.4% in 2013 compared with a
contraction of 0.7% in 2012; US GDP growth slowed to 1.9% from
2.8% in 2012; China's GDP growth was 7.7%, the same as in 2012;
and the average GDP growth rate for emerging markets and
developing economies fell slightly to 4.7% compared with 4.9% in
2012

Reflecting economic conditions, global oil demand rose by 1.4%

(1.4 million barrels per day (b/d)) in 2013, according to the
International Energy Agency January 2014 Oil Market Report. This
growth was driven by emerging economies while demand in advanced
economies remained almost flat.

We estimate that global gas demand grew by about 2% in 2013. This
compares with an estimate of 2.5% for 2012 published in 2013 by
CEDIGAZ. We believe that the growth in 2013 was driven by power
and industry sectors in Asia-Pacific, mainly in China and Japan, the
Middle East and the USA. European gas demand continued to
contract, and was estimated by Eurostat and Country Transmission
System Operators to have fallen by 1% in 2013, largely due to
economic recession, imports of cheap US coal and increased use of
renewable energy sources.

CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICES

The following table provides an overview of the main crude oil and
natural gas price markers that Shell is exposed to

OIL AND GAS AVERAGE INDUSTRY PRICES [A]

2013 2012 2011
Brent ($/b) 108.66 111.67 111.26
West Texas Intermediate ($/b) 97.99 94.13 95.04
Henry Hub ($/MMBtu) 370 276 401
UK National Balancing Point (pence/therm) 68.12 59.74 56.35
Japan Customs-cleared Crude ($/b) 110.21 114.77 109.10

[A] Yearly average prices are based on daily spot prices. The 2013 average price for Japan
Customsleared Crude excludes December data

The Brent crude oil price, an international crude-oil benchmark, traded
in a range of $97-118 per barrel during 2013, ending the year at
$109 per barrel. Both the Brent and the West Texas Intermediate
(WTI) average crude oil prices for 2013 were little changed
compared with 2012. WTI traded overall at a discount to Brent, but
the discount was much narrower in the second half of 2013 as an
expansion in pipeline capacity increased the ability to move oil from
the landlocked area of Cushing, Oklahoma, where WTI is delivered

Unlike crude-oil pricing, which is global in nature, gas prices vary
significantly from region to region. In the USA, the natural gas price at
Henry Hub in 2013 averaged $3.7 per million British thermal units
(MMBtu), 34% higher compared with 2012, and traded in a range of

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

$3.1-4.5 per MMBItu. At the start of 2013, the price was $3.1 per
MMBtu due to mild winter weather, before a late cold snap in March
increased demand and pushed it up to almost $4.4 per MMBtu. The
price then trended downwards until December, when cold weather
pushed it up to a peak of $4.5 per MMBItu, before it fell slightly to end
the year at $4.4 per MMBtu

In Europe, gas prices rose despite the fall in demand. In the UK, the
average price at the UK National Balancing Point was 14% higher
compared with 2012. In continental Europe, price increases at the
main gas trading hubs in Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands were
similar to those at the UK National Balancing Point. These prices
reflected a tightening of global LNG markets and higher prices in Asia-
Pacific. The use of oilindexed gas pricing is decreasing in continental
Europe, with many natural gas contracts now including spot market
pricing as a major component.

We also produce and sell natural gas in regions where supply,
demand and regulatory circumstances differ markedly from those in the
USA or Europe. Long-term contracted LNG prices in Asia-Pacific are
predominantly indexed to the price of Japan Customs-cleared Crude
(JCC). In Japan, LNG import contracts have historically been indexed
to the JCC benchmark

Increasingly, we note growing demand for LNG in China, India, the
Middle East, South America and South East Asia. In these markets,
LNG supply is offered on term and spot bases in a competitive market.
North American projects have been offering future supply linked to
Henry Hub gas prices in the USA

CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICES FOR
INVESTMENT EVALUATION

The range of possible future crude oil and natural gas prices used in
project and portfolio evaluations within Shell is determined after an
assessment of short, medium- and long-term price drivers under
different sets of assumptions. Historical analysis, trends and statistical
volatility are considered in this assessment, as are analyses of possible
future economic conditions, geopolitics, actions by the Organization of
the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), supply costs and the
balance of supply and demand. Sensitivity analyses are used to test
the impact of low-price drivers, such as economic weakness, and high-
price drivers, such as strong economic growth and low investment
levels in new production capacity. Shortterm events, such as relatively
warm winters or cool summers affecting demand, and supply
disruptions due to weather or politics, contribute to price volatility

We expect oil and gas prices to remain volatile. For the purposes of
making investment decisions, generally we test the economic
performance of long-term projects against price ranges of $70-110
per barrel for Brent crude oil and $3-5 per MMBtu for gas at Henry
Hub. As part of our normal business practice, the range of prices used
for this purpose is subject to review and change, and was last
confirmed in the fourth quarter of 2013

REFINING AND PETROCHEMICAL MARKET TRENDS
Industry refining margins were lower in 2013 than in 2012 in key
refining hubs, except for US Gulf Coast (USGC) margins, where
increased domestic crude oil production lowered crude oil acquisition
costs relative to international benchmarks. Some demand growth,
especially around the summer driving season in the USA, also
contributed to higher USGC margins. The global economic
environment generally improved from the previous year. Political
tensions, especially in the Middle East and north Africa, tended to add
volatility to markets

In 2014, increased demand for middle distillates is expected to be a
key driver of refining margins, supported by demand for gasoline in
the middle of the year. However, the overall outlook remains uncertain


--- Page 12 ---

17 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

because of continuing economic uncertainty, geopolitical tensions in
some regions that could lead to supply disruptions, and structural
overcapacity in global refining

Industry naphtha cracker margins in Asia and Europe were broadly
similar to those in 2012 as growth remained below the historic
average. US ethane cracker margins rose because ethane prices fell
The outlook for petrochemicals for 2014 is highly dependent on further
economic recovery

STRATEGIC REPORT

MARKET OVERVIEW


--- Page 13 ---

18 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

SUMMARY OF RESULTS

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

INCOME FOR THE PERIOD $ MILLION

2013 201 2{A] 201 [A]
Earnings by segment [B]

Upstream 12,638 22,244 24,466

Downstream 3,869 5,382 4,170

Corporate 372 (203) 102
Total segment earnings [B] 16,879 27 423 28,738
Attributable to non-controlling interest (134) (259) (205)
Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple

shareholders 16,745 27,164 28,533
Current cost of supplies adjustment [B] (353) (463) 2,355
Non-controlling interest (21) 1 (62)
Income attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders 16,371 26,712 30,826
Non-controlling interest 155 248 267
Income for the period 16,526 26,960 31,093

[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements".

[B] See Note 2 to the "Consolidated Financial State

EARNINGS 2013-2011

Global realised liquids prices were 6% lower in 2013 than in 2012
In Canada, realised synthetic crude oil prices were 7% higher than in
2012. Global realised natural gas prices were 6% higher than in
2012, with a 27% increase in the Americas and a 3% increase
outside the Americas. Oil and gas production available for sale in
2013 was 3,199 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d),
compared with 3,262 thousand boe/d in 2012. Liquids production
was down 6% and natural gas production increased by 2% compared
with 2012. Excluding the impact of divestments, production-sharing
contract price effects and the deteriorated operating environment in
Nigeria, production volumes in 2013 were in line with 2012
Realised refining margins were significantly lower in 2013 compared
with 2012, mainly as a result of a deterioration in industry conditions
in most regions (see “Market overview’)

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis (CCS earnings) attributable
to shareholders in 2013 of $16,745 million were in line with our
announcement on January 17, 2014, that they were expected to be
approximately $16.8 billion. CCS earnings in 2013 were 38% lower
than in 2012, which, in turn, were 5% lower than in 2011

CCS earnings exclude the effect of changes in the oil price on
inventory valuation, as the purchase price of the volumes sold during a
period is based on the current cost of supplies during the same period,
after making allowance for the tax effect. Accordingly, when oil prices
increase during the period, CCS earnings are likely to be lower than
earnings calculated on a firstin first-out (FIFO) basis. Similarly, in a
period with declining oil prices, CCS earnings are likely to be higher
than earnings calculated on a FIFO basis. This explains why 2013
CCS earnings were $353 million higher than earnings calculated on a
FIFO basis (2012: $463 million higher; 2011: $2,355 million
lower)

Upstream earnings in 2013 were $12,638 million, compared with
$22,444 million in 2012 and $24,466 million in 2011. The 43%
decrease from 2012 to 2013 reflected higher depreciation charges
(partly driven by impairments}, lower divestment gains, higher
exploration expenses (mainly driven by well write-offs), higher
operating expenses and lower liquids and LNG realisations. Earnings
were also impacted by a deterioration in the operating environment in
Nigeria and the impact of the weakening Australian dollar on a
deferred tax liability. These effects were partly offset by the contribution
of our Pearl GTL plant in Qatar and higher gas price realisations in the
Americas, together with net tax gains in 2013 compared with net tax

", Segment earnings are presented on a current cost of supplies basis.

charges and higher decommissioning provisions in 2012. In 2012,
earnings decreased by 9% compared with 2011, reflecting higher
depreciation charges, increased operating and exploration expenses,
lower gains associated with the fairvalue accounting of certain gas
and derivative contracts, and additional tax charges, partly offset by
higher contributions from our integrated gas activities (ING and GTL}

Downstream earnings in 2013 were $3,869 million compared with
$5,382 million in 2012, and $4,170 million in 2011. The 28%
decrease from 2012 to 2013 reflected significantly lower realised
refining margins and higher charges for impairment, partly offset by
higher contributions from Chemicals and Trading. Continued strong
contributions from Marketing were broadly similar to 2012. The 29%
increase in earnings from 2011 to 2012 reflected higher realised
refining margins, lower operating expenses and a reduced level of
impairment, partly offset by lower trading contributions, lower
Chemicals earnings, lower divestment gains and lower gains
associated with the fairvalue accounting of commodity derivatives

BALANCE SHEET AND NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT
Shell's strategy to invest in the development of major growth projects,
primarily in Upstream, explains the most significant changes to the balance
sheet in 2013. Property, plant and equipment increased by $20 billion
Net capital investment was $44 billion, 49% higher than in 2012; see
Note 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”. The effect of net capital
investment on property, plant and equipment was partly offset by
depreciation, depletion and amortisation of $22 billion

Of the net capital investment in 2013, 89% related to Upstream
projects, aimed at providing growth over the long term

Gearing was 16.1% at the end of 2013, compared with 9.8% at the
end of 2012 as restated for the retrospective application of revised
IAS 19 Employee Benefits, mainly reflecting a decrease in cash and
cash equivalents, and an increase in debt

ADOPTION OF IFRS 11 JOINT ARRANGEMENTS

As noted above and explained in Note | to the “Consolidated
Financial Statements”, Shell adopted a number of new and revised
accounting standards in 2013, including IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements.
The adoption of IFRS 11 did not materially affect the “Consolidated
Financial Statements”, and comparative information was therefore not
restated. However, the impact of the adoption of IFRS 11 on certain
information presented in this Report is explained, where appropriate,
to aid evaluation of this information


--- Page 14 ---

19 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

PROVED RESERVES AND PRODUCTION

Shell subsidiaries’ and the Shell share of joint ventures and associates’
estimated net proved oil and gas reserves are summarised in
“Upstream” and set out in more detail in “Supplementary information —
oil and gas (unaudited)”. The impact in 2013 of the reclassification of
certain entities, consistent with the change in their accounting treatment
as a result of the adoption of IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, is provided
separately; this had no impact on proved reserves in total. The
changes in proved reserves described below for Shell subsidiaries and
for the Shell share of joint ventures and associates respectively exclude
the effect of this reclassification

In 2013, Shell added 1,577 million boe of proved reserves before
taking production into account, of which 1,445 million boe came from
Shell subsidiaries and 132 million boe from the Shell share of joint
ventures and associates. These additions were positively impacted by
lower commodity prices (48 million boe) and purchases that more than
offset sales (44 million boe]

In 2013, total oil and gas production available for sale was

1,168 million boe. An additional 39 million boe was produced and
consumed in operations. Production available for sale from subsidiaries
was 850 million boe with an additional 28 million boe consumed in
operations. The Shell share of the production available for sale of joint
ventures and associates was 318 million boe with an additional

11 million boe consumed in operations

Accordingly, after taking production into account, there was an
increase of 370 million boe in proved reserves, comprising an
increase of 567 million boe from subsidiaries and a decrease of
197 million boe from the Shell share of joint ventures and associates

KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
Refer to Note 3 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” for a
discussion of key accounting estimates and judgements.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Refer to Note 25 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” for a
discussion of legal proceedings

STRATEGIC REPORT

SUMMARY OF RESULTS


--- Page 15 ---

20 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

Total shareholder return
2013 8.6% 2012 —0.2%

Equity sales of liquefied natural gas (million tonnes)
2013 19.6 2012 20.2

Total shareholder return (TSR) is the difference between the share price
at the start of the year and the share price at the end of the year, plus
gross dividends delivered during the calendar year (reinvested
quarterly), expressed as a percentage of the year-start share price. The
TSRs of major publicly traded oil and gas companies can be directly
compared, providing a way to determine how Shell is performing
against its industry peers

Net cash from operating activities ($ billion)
2013 40 2012 46

Net cash from operating activities is the total of all cash receipts and
payments associated with our sales of oil, gas, chemicals and other

products. The components that provide a reconciliation from income for

the period are listed in the “Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows”
This indicator reflects Shell’s ability to generate cash for both
investment and distribution to shareholders

Project delivery
2013 88% 2012 90%

Project delivery reflects Shell's capability to complete major projects on
time and within budget on the basis of targets set in the annual
Business Plan. The set of projects consists of at least 20 Shell-operated
capital projects that are in the execution phase (post final investment
decision}.

Production available for sale (thousand boe/d)
2013 3,199 2012 3,262

Production is the sum of all average daily volumes of unrefined oil and
natural gas produced for sale by Shell subsidiaries and the Shell share
of joint ventures and associates. The unrefined oil comprises crude oil,
natural gas liquids, synthetic crude oil and bitumen. The gas volume is
converted into equivalent barrels of oil to make the summation
possible. Changes in production have a significant impact on Shell's
cash flow.

Equity sales of liquefied natural gas (NG) is a measure of the
operational performance of Shell’s Upstream business and the LNG
market demand

Refinery and chemical plant availability
2013 92.5% 2012 92.9%

Refinery and chemical plant availability is the weighted average of the
actual uptime of plants as a percentage of their maximum possible
uptime. The weighting is based on the capital employed adjusted for
cash and non-current liabilities. It excludes downtime due to
uncontrollable factors, such as hurricanes. This indicator is a measure
of operational excellence of Shell’s Downstream manufacturing
facilities

Total recordable case frequency
(injuries per million working hours)
2013 1.15 2012 1.26

Total recordable case frequency (TRCF) is the number of staff or
contractor injuries requiring medical treatment or time off for every
million hours worked. It is a standard measure of occupational safety


--- Page 16 ---

21 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

ADDITIONAL PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

STRATEGIC REPORT

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to
Royal Dutch Shell plc shareholders ($ million)
2013 16,745 2012 27,164 [A]

Earnings per share on a current cost of supplies basis ($)
2013 2.66 2012 4.34 [A]

Earnings on a current cost of supplies (CCS) basis attributable to Royal
Dutch Shell ple shareholders is the income for the period, adjusted for
the after-tax effect of oitprice changes on inventory and norrcontrolling
interest. CCS earnings per share is calculated by dividing CCS
earnings attributable to shareholders by the average number of shares
outstanding. See "Summary of results” and Note 2 to the
“Consolidated Financial Statements”

Net capital investment ($ million)
2013 44,303 2012 29,803

Net capital investment is defined as capital expenditure, adjusted for
proceeds from disposals [excluding other investments (net) in the
Corporate segment); exploration expense excluding exploration wells
written off; investments in joint ventures and associates; and leases and
other items. See Notes 2 and 4 to the “Consolidated Financial
Statements”

Return on average capital employed
2013 7.9% 2012 13.6% [A]

Return on average capital employed (ROACE] is defined as annual
income, adjusted for after-tax interest expense, as a percentage of
average capital employed during the year. Capital employed is the
sum of total equity and total debt. ROACE measures the efficiency of
Shell's utilisation of the capital that it employs and is a common
measure of business performance. See “Liquidity and capital
resources — Return on average capital employed”

Gearing
2013 16.1% 2012 9.8% [A]

Gearing is defined as net debt (total debt less cash and cash
equivalents] as a percentage of total capital (net debt plus total equity),
at December 31. It is a measure of the degree to which Shell's
operations are financed by debt. See Note 15 to the “Consolidated
Financial Statements”

[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopied
with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements’

Proved oil and gas reserves attributable to Royal Dutch Shell
plc shareholders (million boe)
2013 13,932 2012 13,556

Proved oil and gas reserves attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple
shareholders are the total estimated quantities of oil and gas from Shell
subsidiaries (excluding reserves attributable to non-controlling interes!)
and the Shell share of joint ventures and associates that geoscience
and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable certainty, to be
recoverable in future years from known reservoirs, as at December 31,
under existing economic conditions, operating methods and
government regulations. Gas volumes are converted into barrels of oil
equivalent (boe) using a factor of 5,800 standard cubic feet per
barrel. Reserves are crucial to an oil and gas company, since they
constitute the source of future production. Reserves estimates are
subject to change based on a wide variety of factors, some of which
are unpredictable. See "Risk factors”

Operational spills of more than 100 kilograms
2013 174 2012 207

The operational spills indicator is the number of incidents in respect of
activities where we are the operator in which 100 kilograms or more
of oil or oil products were spilled as a result of those activities. The
number for 2012 was updated from 204 to reflect the completion of
investigations into spills

Employees (thousand)
2013 92 2012 87

The employees indicator consists of the annual average full-time
employee equivalent of the total number of people on full-time or part
time employment contracts with Shell subsidiaries including, from
January 1, 2013, our share of employees of certain additional joint
operations, as a result of the adoption of IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements.


--- Page 17 ---

XN
8

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 REPORTS. SHELL.COM

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits has been adopted with effect from

January 1, 2013, with retrospective application to the “Consolidated
Financial Statements” for 2011 and 2012, reflected in the data
The selected financial data set out below are derived, in part, from the below. See Note 28 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”. For

"Consolidated Financial Statements". This data should be read in comparison purposes, 2009 and 2010 data below have been
conjunction with the “Consolidated Financial Statements” and related adjusted where significant to reflect the estimated effects of applying
Notes, as well as with this Strategic Report. revised IAS 19
2013 2012 2011 2010 2009

Revenue 451,235 467,153 470,171 368,056 278,188
Income for the period 16,526 26,960 31,093 20,474 12,718
Income attributable to non-controlling interest 155 248 267 347 200
Income attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple

shareholders [A] 16,371 26,712 30,826 20,127 12,518
Comprehensive income attributable to Royal Dutch

Shell plc shareholders 18,243 24,470 26,250 19,893 19,810

[A] All results are from continuing operations

2013 2012 2011 2010 2009

Total assets 357,512 350,294 337,474 317,271 286,650

Total debt 44,562 37,754 37,175 44,332 35,033

Share capital 542 542 536 529 527
Equity attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple

shareholders 180,047 174,749 158,480 140,453 129,109

Non-controlling interest 1,101 1,433 1,486 1,767 1,704

EARNINGS PER SHARE

2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Basic earnings per €0.07 ordinary share 2.60 4.27 4.97 3.28 2.04
Diluted earnings per €0.07 ordinary share 2.60 4.26 4.96 3.28 2.04

SHARES NUMBER

2013 2012 2011 2010 2009
Basic weighted average number of AandB shares 6,291,126,326  6,261,184,755 6,212,532,421 6,132,640,190 6,124,906,119
Diluted weighted average number of AandB shares 6,293,381,407 _6,267,839,545 6,221,655,088 6,139,300,098 6,128,921,813

2013 2012 2011 2010 2009

Net cash from operating activities 40,440 46,140 36,771 27,350 21,488
Net cash used in investing activities 40,146 28,453 20,443 21,972 26,234
Dividends paid 7,450 7,682 7,315 9,979 10,717
Net cash used in financing activities 8,978 10,630 18,131 1,467 829
(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (8,854) 7,258 (2,152) 3,725 (5,469)
Earnings/(losses) by segment [A]

Upstream 12,638 22,244 24,466 15,935 8,354

Downstream 3,869 5,382 4,170 2,950 258

Corporate 372 (203) 102 91 1,310
Total segment earnings 16,879 27 A423 28,738 18,976 9,922
Attributable to non-controlling interest (134) (259) (205) (333) (118)
Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis

attributable to Royal Dutch Shell plc shareholders [B] 16,745 27,164 28,533 18,643 9,804
Net capital investment [A]

Upstream 39,217 25,320 19,083 21,222 22,326

Downstream 4,885 4,275 4,342 2,358 6,232

Corporate 201 208 78 100 324
Total 44,303 29,803 23,503 23,680 28,882
[A] See Ni ind 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”

[8] See table

Summary of results”


--- Page 18 ---

23 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

UPSTREAM

STRATEGIC REPORT

UPSTREAM

KEY STATISTICS $ MILLIO

2013 201 2[A] 2011[A]
Segment earnings 12,638 22,244 24,466
Including:
Revenue (including inter-segment sales) 92,869 94,550 91,691
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates 6,120 8,001 7,127
Production and manufacturing expenses 18,471 16,354 15,586
Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 1,194 1,211 1,273
Exploration 5,278 3,104 2,266
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 16,949 1,387 8,827
Net capital investment [B] 39,217 25,320 19,083
Oil and gas production available for sale (thousand boe/d) 3,199 3,262 3,215
Equity LNG sales volume (million tonnes) 19.6 20.2 18.8
Proved oil and gas reserves at December 31 (million boe) [C] 13,932 13,556 14,250

[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements"

[B] See Notes 2 and 4 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements”
[C] Excludes reserves attributable to non-controlling interest in Shell subsidiaries.

OVERVIEW

Our Upstream businesses explore for and extract crude oil and natural
gas, often in joint arrangements with international and national oil
and gas companies. This includes the extraction of bitumen from
mined oil sands which we convert into synthetic crude oil. We liquefy
natural gas by cooling it, and transport the liquefied natural gas
(LNG) to customers across the world. We also convert natural gas to
liquids (GTL) to provide high-quality fuels and other products, and we
market and trade natural gas (including LNG) in support of our
Upstream businesses

BUSINESS CONDITIONS

Global oil demand rose by 1.4% (1.4 million b/d) in 2013 according
to the International Energy Agency January 2014 Oil Market Report
This growth was driven by emerging economies while demand in
advanced economies remained almost flat. The Brent crude oil price,
an international crude-oil benchmark, traded in a range of $97-118
per barrel during 2013, ending the year at $109 per barrel

We estimate that global gas demand grew by about 2% in 2013. This
compares with an estimate of 2.5% for 2012 published in 2013 by
CEDIGAZ. We believe that the growth in 2013 was driven by power
and industry sectors in Asia-Pacific, mainly in China and Japan, the
Middle East and the USA. European gas demand continued to
contract, and was estimated by Eurostat and Country Transmission
System Operators to have fallen by 1% in 2013, largely due to the
economic recession, imports of cheap US coal and increased use of
renewable energy sources

EARNINGS 2013-2012

Segment earnings of $12,638 million included a net charge of
$2,479 million, primarily related to the impairment of liquids-rich shale
properties in North America, partly offset by net tax gains and gains
on divestments. Segment earnings in 2012 of $22,244 million
included a net gain of $2,137 million, mainly related to gains on
divestments, partly offset by impairments for onshore gas assets in the
USA, net tax charges and decommissioning provisions

Excluding the net charge and net gain described above, segment
earnings in 2013 decreased compared with 2012 because of higher
exploration expenses (mainly driven by well write-offs), operating
expenses and depreciation, and lower liquids and LNG realisations
Earnings were also impacted by a deterioration in the operating
environment in Nigeria and the impact of the weakening Australian

dollar on a deferred tax liability. This was partly offset by an increased
contribution from our Pearl GTL plant in Qatar, and higher gas prices
in the Americas

Earnings in the Americas were a loss of $900 million in 2013,
excluding the related items identified at the beginning of this earnings
section. Compared with 2012 earnings of $670 million, they
decreased mainly because of higher exploration and operating
expenses, partly offset by higher gas prices. Our deep-water and
heavy oil businesses in the Americas reported positive earnings,
whereas our onshore business reported a loss.

Global realised liquids prices were 6% lower than in 2012. In
Canada, realised synthetic crude oil prices were 7% higher than in
2012. Global realised gas prices were 6% higher than in 2012, with
a 27% increase in the Americas and a 3% increase outside the
Americas

Equity LNG sales volumes of 19.6 million tonnes were 3% lower than
in 2012, mainly reflecting lower volumes from Nigeria LNG as a result
of the deterioration in the operating environment in Nigeria, including
reduced feed gas supply and a blockade on shipments. Excluding the
impact of the challenging operating environment in Nigeria, equity
LNG sales volumes were similar to 2012

EARNINGS 2012-2011

Segment earnings in 2012 of $22,244 million included a net gain of
$2,137 million as described above. Segment earnings in 2011 of
$24,466 million included a net gain of $3,855 million, mainly
related to gains on divestments, the fair-value accounting of certain gas
and derivative contracts, partly offset by the cost impact of the

US offshore drilling moratorium

Excluding the net gains described above, segment earnings in 2012
were 2% lower than in 2011, primarily driven by reduced
contributions from the Americas, mainly as a result of higher
depreciation, increased operating expenses, higher exploration
expenses and lower realised gas prices. These were partly offset by
the increased contribution of integrated gas activities (ING and GTL},
reflecting the ramp-up of the Pearl GTL plant, higher realised LNG
prices as well as increased LNG trading contributions and equity LNG
sales volumes. Earnings in 2012 also reflected higher realised gas
prices outside the Americas.


--- Page 19 ---

24 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

UPSTREAM CONTINUED
NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT

Net capital investment was $39 billion in 2013, compared with
$25 billion in 2012 and $19 billion in 2011. Capital investment in
2013 was $40 billion (of which $11 billion was exploration
expenditure, including acquisitions of unproved properties}. Capital
investment in 2012 was $31 billion. Divestment proceeds were

$1 billion in 2013 compared with $6 billion in 2012

Net capital investment was higher than in 2012 mainly due to lower
divestment proceeds and higher expenditure on acquisitions, primarily
due to the purchase of LNG assets from Repsol as described below.
There was also higher capital investment in growth projects,
particularly: deep-water projects in Malaysia, Nigeria and the
Americas; integrated gas projects in Australia; and tightgas projects in
China

PORTFOLIO ACTIONS AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
In Brazil, a consortium of companies in which Shell holds a 20%
interest won a 35-year production-sharing contract (PSC) to develop
the Libra discovery, a potential multibillion barrel oil field in pre-salt
reservoirs located in the Santos Basin

Also in Brazil, we completed the acquisition of an additional 23%
interest in the Shelloperated Parque das Conchas (BC-10) deep-water
project. In January 2014, we announced an agreement to sell a 23%
interest in the BC-10 project to Qatar Petroleum International which
would return Shell to a 50% interest in the field, subject to completion

In Indonesia, we acquired an additional 5% interest in the Masela
block, increasing our interest to 35%. The Masela PSC contains the
Abadi gas field, for which a 2.5 million tonnes per annum (mtpa}
floating LNG (FLNG} facility is in the frontend engineering and design
(FEED) phase.

In Iraq, the Basrah Gas Company, a joint venture between Shell
(44%), South Gas Company (51%) and Mitsubishi Corporation (5%)
officially started operations. The Basrah Gas Company gathers, treats
and processes raw gas produced from the Rumaila, West Qurna 1
and Zubair fields that was previously being flared

In the UK, we acquired 75% of Hess Corporation's interests in the
Beryl area fields and Scottish Area Gas Evacuation system, increasing
Shell's production in the Beryl area fields from 9 thousand boe/d to
20 thousand boe/d

Also in the UK, we acquired an additional 5.9% interest in the offshore
Schiehallion field from Murphy Schiehallion Lid bringing our interest in
the field to 55%

In January 2014, Shell completed the acquisition of Repsol S.A.'s LNG
portfolio outside of North America, including supply positions in Peru
and Trinidad and Tobago, for a net cash purchase price of $3.8
billion, subject to postclosing adjustments. As part of the transaction,
Shell also assumed $1.6 billion of balance sheet liabilities relating to
existing leases for LNG ship charters. The acquisition adds 7.2 mtpa
of directly managed LNG volumes through long-term off-take
agreements, including 4.2 mtpa of equity LNG plant capacity. Capital
investment of $3.4 billion was reported in 2013 with the remaining
$2.0 billion to be reported in the first quarter of 2014

We also took several final investment decisions during 2013,
including the following

In Canada, we took the final investment decision for Phase 1 and 2 of
the Carmon Creek in-situ project (Shell interest 100%). The project will

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

include central processing facilities and well pads and is expected to
deliver peak production of 80 thousand barrels of bitumen production
per day.

In Nigeria, we took the final investment decision for the development
of the Erha North Phase 2 deep-water project (Shell interest 44%). The
project is expected to produce around 60 thousand boe/d at peak
production and improve the utilisation of the existing Erha floating
production, storage and offloading (FPSO) vessel

In the USA, we took the final investment decision for the Stones deep-
water project (Shell interest 100%) in the Gulf of Mexico. The first
phase of development has an expected peak production of

50 thousand boe/d

We continued to divest selected Upstream assets during 2013,
including a 5% interest in the Prelude FLNG project in Australia to
CPC Corporation, reducing Shell's interest in the project to 67.5%.

In January 2014, we agreed the sale of our 8% interest in the
Wheatstone-lago joint venture and our 6.4% interest in the 8.9 mtpa
Wheatstone LNG project, both in Australia, to the Kuwait Foreign
Petroleum Exploration Company.

In Upstream Americas’ tightgas and liquids-rich shale, insights from
ongoing exploration and appraisal drilling results and production
information, and Shell’s ongoing restructuring of this portfolio, could
potentially lead to future asset sales and/or impairments

We have launched a strategic portfolio review in Nigeria, regarding
the potential exit from interests we hold in some onshore leases in the
eastern Niger Delta, subject to partner and regulatory approvals

AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE PRODUCTION
In 2013, production was 3,199 thousand boe/d compared with
3,262 thousand boe/d in 2012. Liquids production was down 6%
and gas production increased by 2% compared with 2012

Production in 2013 was positively impacted by new field startups
and the continuing ramp-up of existing projects, including the first full
year of production from the Pearl GTL plant, the ramp-up of multiple
projects in Malaysia, first commercial production in the Majnoon field
in Iraq, and startups such as the BC-10 Phase 2 project in Brazil and
the North Rankin Redevelopment project in Australia

These factors were more than offset by field declines, the impact of the
challenging operating environment in Nigeria, and an increase in
maintenance and asset replacement activities.

In February 2014, we started production from the Mars B development
through the Olympus platform (Shell interest 71.5%), our seventh, and
largest, floating deep-water platform in the Gulf of Mexico

PROVED RESERVES

Shell subsidiaries’ and the Shell share of joint ventures and associates’
estimated net proved oil and gas reserves are summarised later in this
Upstream section and set out in more detail in “Supplementary
information — oil and gas (unaudited)". The impact in 2013 of the
reclassification of certain entities, consistent with the change in their
accounting treatment as a result of the adoption of IFRS 11 Joint
Arrangements (see Note | to the “Consolidated Financial Statements’),
is provided separately; this had no impact on proved reserves in total
The changes in proved reserves described below for Shell subsidiaries
and for the Shell share of joint ventures and associates respectively
exclude the effect of this reclassification


--- Page 20 ---

25 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2013

In 2013, Shell added 1,577 million boe of proved reserves before
taking production into account, of which 1,445 million boe came from
Shell subsidiaries and 132 million boe from the Shell share of joint
ventures and associates

The change in the yearly average commodity prices between 2012
and 2013 resulted in a net positive impact on the proved reserves of
48 million boe

Shell subsidiaries

Before taking production into account, Shell subsidiaries added
1,445 million boe of proved reserves in 2013. This comprised

932 million barrels of oil and natural gas liquids and 513 million boe
(2,973 thousand million scf) of natural gas. Of the 1,445 million boe
657 million boe were from the net effects of revisions and
reclassifications; 440 million boe were from improved recovery;

304 million boe came from extensions and discoveries; and a net
increase of 44 million boe related to purchases and sales.

After taking into account production of 878 million boe (of which
28 million boe were consumed in operations), Shell subsidiaries’
proved reserves increased by 567 million boe in 2013

Shell subsidiaries’ proved developed reserves decreased by 24 million
boe to 6,790 million boe, while proved undeveloped reserves
increased by 591 million boe to 4,046 million boe

The total addition of 1,445 million boe before taking production into
account included a net positive impact from commodity price changes
of 48 million boe of proved reserves.

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL

Of the 1,577 million boe added to proved reserves, 16 million barrels
were synthetic crude oil. In 2013, we had synthetic crude oil production
of 48 million barrels of which 2 million barrels were consumed in
operations. At December 31, 2013, we had synthetic crude oil proved
reserves of 1,731 million barrels, of which 1,299 million barrels were
proved developed reserves and 432 million barrels were proved
undeveloped reserves

BITUMEN

Of the 1,577 million boe added to proved reserves, 380 million
barrels were bitumen. The addition of 380 million barrels comprised a
decrease of 30 million barrels from net effects of revisions and
reclassifications, and an addition of 410 million barrels from improved
recovery. After taking into account production of 7 million barrels,
bitumen proved reserves were 422 million barrels at December 31,
2013

Shell share of joint ventures and associates

Before taking production into account, there was an increase of

132 million boe in the Shell share of joint ventures and associates’
proved reserves in 2013. This comprised 57 million barrels of oil and
natural gas liquids and 75 million boe (437 thousand million scf} of
natural gas. Of the 132 million boe, 130 million boe came from the
net effects of revisions and reclassifications, and 2 million boe came
from extensions and discoveries

After taking into account production of 329 million boe (of which

11 million boe were consumed in operations), the Shell share of joint
ventures and associates’ proved reserves decreased by 197 million
boe in 2013

The Shell share of joint ventures and associates’ proved developed
reserves decreased by 149 million boe to 2,542 million boe, and
proved undeveloped reserves decreased by 48 million boe to
567 million boe

STRATEGIC REPORT

UPSTREAM

The total addition of 132 million boe before taking production into
account was not impacted by commodity price changes

Proved undeveloped reserves

In 2013, Shell subsidiaries’ and Shell share of joint ventures and
associates’ proved undeveloped reserves (PUD) increased by

543 million boe to 4,613 million boe; in addition 107 million boe of
new proved undeveloped reserves in 2013 were matured to proved
developed reserves. During 2013, Shell spent $17 billion on
development activities related to PUD maturation

Proved undeveloped reserves held for five years or more (PUD5+} at
December 31, 2013, were 826 million boe, a decrease of

186 million boe compared with the end of 2012. These proved
reserves remain undeveloped because development either: requires the
installation of gas compression and the drilling of additional gas wells,
which will be executed when required to support existing gas delivery
commitments [in the Netherlands, Norway, the Philippines, Russia);
requires gas cap blow-down which is awaiting end-ofoil production (in
Nigeria); is part of ongoing onshore oil and gas development (in the
USA); is part of water-injection project execution that is still in progress
{in the Gulf of Mexico); or will take longer than five years because of
the complexity and scale of the project (in countries such as
Kazakhstan). Most of the PUD5+ are held in locations where Shell has
a proven track record of developing similar major projects or where
project execution is ongoing but is taking longer than expected

DELIVERY COMMITMENTS

Shell sells crude oil and natural gas from its producing operations
under a variety of contractual obligations. Most contracts generally
commit Shell to sell quantities based on production from specified
properties, although some natural gas sales contracts specify delivery
of fixed and determinable quantities, as discussed below.

In the past three years, Shell met all contractual delivery commitments

In the period 2014 to 2016, Shell is contractually committed to deliver
to third parties and joint ventures and associates a total of
approximately 4,400 thousand million scf of natural gas from Shell
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. The sales contracts contain
a mixture of fixed and variable pricing formulae that are generally
referenced to the prevailing market price for crude oil, natural gas or
other petroleum products at the time of delivery.

The shortfall between Shell's delivery commitments and its proved
developed reserves is estimated at 24% of Shell's total gas delivery
commitments. This shortfall is expected to be met through the
development of proved undeveloped reserves as well as new projects
and purchases on the spot market.

EXPLORATION
While 2013 included some disappointing exploration results, Shell did
participate in nine notable exploration discoveries and appraisals. An
increase in exploration activity has contributed to an increase in dry
holes, which more than doubled from 2012 to 2013. Accordingly,
exploration expenses increased by 70% over the same period,
primarily in North and South America

In 2013, Shell participated in 263 productive exploratory wells with
proved reserves allocated (Shell share: 200 wells). For further
information, see "Supplementary information — oil and gas (unaudited)
— Acreage and wells"

In 2013, Shell participated in a further 273 wells (Shell share: 205 wells)
that remained pending determination at December 31, 2013

In total, Shell added net 3,700 square kilometres of acreage to its
exploration portfolio, comprising acreage increases of 78,800 square


--- Page 21 ---

26 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

kilometres with notable {over 10,000 square kilometres) increases in
Australia and Canada, and reductions of 75,100 square kilometres
with notable reductions in Brazil and Libya due to relinquishments and
exits respectively,

USINESS AND PROPERTY

ell subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are involved in all
spects of upstream activities, including matters such as land tenure,
ntitlement to produced hydrocarbons, production rates, royalties,
ricing, environmental protection, social impact, exports, taxes and
foreign exchange

DTOeonDm

The conditions of the leases, licences and contracts under which oil and
gas interests are held vary from country to country. In almost all cases
outside North America the legal agreements are generally granted by or
entered into with a government, government entity or governmenttun oil
and gas company, and the exploration risk usually rests with the
independent oil and gas company. In North America these agreements
may also be with private parties that own mineral rights. Of these
agreements, the following are most relevant to Shell's interests:

m Licences (or concessions}, which entitle the holder to explore for
hydrocarbons and exploit any commercial discoveries. Under a
licence, the holder bears the risk of exploration, development and
production activities, and is responsible for financing these activities.
In principle, the licence holder is entitled to the totality of production
less any royalties in kind. The government, government entity or
governmentrun oil and gas company may sometimes enter as a
participant in a joint arrangement sharing the rights and obligations
of the licence but usually without sharing the exploration risk. In a
few cases, the government entity, governmentrun oil and gas
company or agency has an option to purchase a certain share of
production

lease agreements, which are typically used in North America and
are usually governed by similar terms as licences. Participants may
include governments or private entities, and royalties are either paid
in cash or in kind

Production-sharing contracts (PSCs} entered into with a government,
government entity or governmenttun oil and gas company. PSCs
generally oblige the independent oil and gas company, as contractor, to
provide all the financing and bear the risk of exploration, development
and production activities in exchange for a share of the production
Usually, this share consists of a fixed or variable part that is reserved for
the recovery of the contractor's cost (cost oil). The remaining production
is split with the government, government entity or government-run oil and
gas company on a fixed or volume/revenue-dependent basis. In some
cases, the government, government entity or governmentrun oil and gas
company will participate in the rights and obligations of the contractor
and will share in the costs of development and production. Such
participation can be across the venture, or on a field-by-field basis
Additionally, as the price of oil or gas increases above certain
predetermined levels, the independent oil and gas company’s entitlement
share of production normally decreases, and vice versa. Accordingly, its
interest in a project may not be the same as its entitlement.

Europe

DENMARK

We hold a non-operating interest in a producing concession in
Denmark (Shell interest 36.8%), which was granted in 1962 and will
expire in 2042. The Danish government is one of our partners with a
20% interest.

IRELAND
We are the operator of the Corrib Gas project (Shell interest 45%),
which is currently at an advanced stage of construction. Its

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

four kilometre onshore gas pipeline has been installed, while
construction of a 4.9 kilometre tunnel under Sruwaddacon Bay is
progressing. Corrib has the potential to supply a significant proportion
of the country’s natural gas requirement.

ITALY
We hold two non-operating interests in Italy: the Val d’Agri producing
concession (Shell interest 39.23%) and the Tempa Rossa concession
(Shell interest 25%]. The Tempa Rossa field is under development by
the operator, Total, and first oil is currently expected in late 2016

NETHERLANDS

Shell and ExxonMobil are 50:50 shareholders in Nederlandse Aardolie
Maatschappij B.V. (NAM), the largest hydrocarbon producer in the
Netherlands. An important part of NAM’s gas production comes from the
onshore Groningen gas field, in which the Dutch government has a 40%
interest and NAM a 60% interest. NAM also has a 60% interest in the
Schoonebeek oil field, which has been redeveloped using enhanced oil
recovery technology. NAM also operates a significant number of other
onshore gas fields and offshore gas fields in the North Sea. It is
expected that, later in 2014, the Minister of Economic Affairs of the
Netherlands will formally approve NAM's production plan for the
Groningen field. It would cap production in 2014 at 42.5 billion cubic
metres, in an effort to diminish the potential for seismic activity.

NORWAY

We are a partner in more than 20 production licences on the
Norwegian continental shelf. We are the operator in six of these, of
which two are producing: the Ormen Lange gas field (Shell interest
17.8%] and the Draugen oil field (Shell interest 44.6%]. The other
producing fields are the Troll, Gjaa and Kvitebjam fields.

UK

We operate a significant number of our interests on the UK Continental
Shelf on behalf of a 50:50 joint arrangement with ExxonMobil. Most
of our UK oil and gas production comes from the North Sea. We hold
various non-operated interests in the Atlantic Margin area, principally
in the West of Shetlands area. We also have interests in the non-
operated Schiehallion field (Shell interest 55%), and in the Beryl area
fields, with interests ranging from 20% to 49%.

REST OF EUROPE
Shell also has interests in Albania, Austria, Germany, Greece,
Greenland, Hungary, Slovakia, Spain and Ukraine

Asia (including the Middle East and Russia)

BRUNEI

Shell and the Brunei government are 50:50 shareholders in Brunei Shell
Petroleum Company Sendirian Berhad (BSP). BSP holds long-term oil and
gas concession rights onshore and offshore Brunei, and sells most of its
natural gas production to Brunei LNG Sendirian Berhad (BLNG, Shell
interest 25%). BLNG was the first LNG plant in Asia-Pacific, and sells
most of its LNG on long-term contracts to customers in Asia

We are the operator for the Block A concession (Shell interest 53.9%),
which is under exploration and development, and also operator for
exploration Block Q (Shell interest 50%). We have a 35% non-
operating interest in the Block B concession, where gas and
condensate are produced from the Maharaja Lela Field. In addition,
we have non-operating interests in deep-water exploration Block CA-2
(Shell interest 12.5%) and in exploration Block N (Shell interest 50%),
both under PSCs.

CHINA

We operate the onshore Changbei tightgas field under a PSC with
China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC). The PSC includes the
development of tight gas in different geological layers of the block.


--- Page 22 ---

27 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2013

In Sichuan, Shell and CNPC have agreed to appraise, develop and
produce tight gas in the Jingiu block under a PSC (Shell interest 49%]
and have a PSC for shale-gas exploration, development and
production in the Fushun Yongchuan block (Shell interest 49%). Shell is
also a party to the Zitong PSC for tightgas exploration, development

and production (Shell interest 44.1%}

We have also agreed with Chinese National Offshore Oil Corporation

to appraise and potentially develop three offshore oil and gas blocks in
the Yinggehai Basin, each under a PSC (Shell interest 49%).
INDONESIA

We have a participating interest in the offshore Masela block where

INPEX Masela is the operator. During 2013, we increased our interest
from 30% to 35%. The Masela block contains the Abadi gas field. The
operator has selected a FLNG concept for the field’s first development
phase

IRAN.
Shell transactions with lran are disclosed separately. See “Section
13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Disclosure”

IRAQ

We have a 45% interest in the Majnoon oil field that we operate
under a technical service contract that expires in 2030. The other
Majnoon shareholders are PETRONAS (30%) and the Iraqi government
(25%), which is represented by the Missan Oil Company. Majnoon is
located in southern Iraq and is one of the world’s largest oil fields. In
2013, we successfully restarted production and Majnoon has reached
the milestone of first commercial production of 175 thousand b/d,
which triggers the commencement of cost recovery. We also have a
15% interest in the West Qurna 1 field. According to the provisions of
both contracts, Shell's equity entitlement volumes will be lower than the
Shell interest implies.

In 2013, the Basrah Gas Company, a joint venture between Shell
(44%), South Gas Company (51%) and Mitsubishi Corporation (5%)
officially started operations. The Basrah Gas Company gathers, treats
and processes raw gas produced from the Rumaila, West Qurna 1
and Zubair fields that was previously being flared. The processed
natural gas and associated products, such as condensate and
liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), will be sold primarily to the domestic
market with the potential to export any surplus

KAZAKHSTAN

We have a 16.8% interest in the offshore Kashagan field, where the
North Caspian Operating Company is the operator. This shallow-
water field covers an area of approximately 3,400 square kilometres
Phase | development of the field is expected to lead to plateau
production of approximately 300 thousand boe/d, increasing further
with additional phases of development. After the start of production
from the Kashagan field in September 2013, operations had to be
stopped in October due to gas leaks from the sour gas pipeline
Investigations and repair activities are ongoing

We have an interest of 55% in the Pearls PSC, covering an area of
approximately 900 square kilometres in the Kazakh sector of the
Caspian Sea. It includes two oil discoveries (Auezov and Khazar) and
several exploration prospects.

MALAYSIA.
We explore for and produce oil and gas located offshore Sabah and
Sarawak under 19 PSCs, in which our interests range from 20% to 85%.

Offshore Sabah, we operate four producing oil fields (Shell interest
50%). We also have additional interests ranging from 30% to 50% in
PSCs for the exploration and development of five deep-water blocks.

STRATEGIC REPORT

UPSTREAM

These include the GumusutKakap deep-water field (Shell interest 33%)
and the Malikai field (Shell interest 35%). Both these fields are currently
being developed with Shell as the operator. We began early production
from GumusutKakap in November 2012, by connecting two wells to the
Kikeh production facility, which is operated by Murphy Sabah Oil
Production from GumusutKakap via a dedicated floating production
system is expected to commence during 2014. We also have a 21%
interest in the Siakap North-Petai field, a 30% interest in the Kebabangan
field and a 30% interest in offshore exploration PSC, SB311

Offshore Sarawak, we are the operator of 17 producing gas fields
(Shell interests ranging from 37.5% to 70%). Nearly all of the gas
produced is supplied to Malaysia LNG in Bintulu where we have a
15% interest in each of the Dua and Tiga LNG plants. We also have a
40% interest in the 2011 Baram Delta EOR PSC and a 50% interest in
Block SK-307. Additionally, we have interests in five exploration PSCs:
Deepwater Block 2B, SK318, SK319, SK408 and SK320

We operate a GTL plant (Shell interest 72%) adjacent to the Malaysia
LNG facilities in Bintulu. Using Shell technology, the plant converts
natural gas into high-quality middle distillates, drilling fluids, waxes
and speciality products.

OMAN

We have a 34% interest in Petroleum Development Oman (PDO); the
Omani government has a 60% interest. PDO is the operator of more than
160 oil fields, mainly located in central and southern Oman over an
area of around 114,000 square kilometres. The concession expires in
2044. During 2013, the Amal Steam enhanced oil recovery project was
brought on stream. The project is expected fo ramp up over a number of
years and produce some 20 thousand b/d of oil at peak production.

We are also participating in the Mukhaizna oil field (Shell interest
17%} where steam flooding, an enhanced oil recovery method, is
being applied on a large scale

We have a 30% interest in Oman LNG, which mainly supplies Asian
markets under long-term contracts. We also have an 11% indirect
interest in Qalhat LNG, another Oman-based LNG facility.

QATAR

Pearl in Qatar is the world’s largest GTL plant. Shell operates the plant
under a development and production-sharing contract with the
government of Qatar. The fully integrated facility includes production,
transport and processing of approximately 1.6 billion scf/d of well-
head gas from Qatar's North Field with installed capacity of about
140 thousand boe/d of high-quality liquid hydrocarbon products and
120 thousand boe/d of NGL and ethane. We have a 30% interest in
Qatargas 4, which comprises integrated facilities to produce
approximately 1.4 billion scf/d of natural gas from Qatar's North
Field, an onshore gas-processing facility and an LNG train with a
collective production capacity of 7.8 mtpa of LNG and 70 thousand
boe/d of NGL. The LNG is shipped mainly to markets in China,
Europe and the United Arab Emirates

We are the operator of Block D under the terms of an exploration and
production-sharing contract with Qatar Petroleum, which represents the
national government. We have a 75% interest, with PetroChina
holding the remaining 25% interest

RUSSIA.

We have a 27.5% interest in Sakhalin-2, one of the world’s largest
integrated oil and gas projects. Located in a subarctic environment, the
project produced approximately 320 thousand boe/d and more than
10 million tonnes of LNG in 2013

We have a 50% interest in the Salym fields in western Siberia, where
production was approximately 145 thousand boe/d in 2013.


--- Page 23 ---

28 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

We also have a 100% interest in three exploration and production
licences. They are for the Barun-Yustinsky block in Kalmykia, and the
Arkatoitsky and Lenzitsky blocks in the Yamalo Nenets Autonomous
District. We also have an exploration licence in the North-Vorkutinsky
area in the Komi Republic. In 2013, we returned the East Talotinskiy
licence in the Nenets Autonomous District to the government.

UNITED ARAB EMIRATES

In Abu Dhabi, we held a concessionary interest of 9.5% in the oil and
gas operations run by Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Oil
Operations (ADCO) from 1939 to January 2014, when the licence
expired. We also have a 15% interest in the licence of Abu Dhabi
Gas Industries Limited (GASCO}, which expires in 2028. GASCO
exports propane, butane and heavierliquid hydrocarbons, which it
extracts from the wet natural gas associated with the oil produced by
ADCO.

In 2013, we were chosen by the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
(ADNOC} to participate in a 30-year joint venture to potentially
develop the Bab sour gas reservoirs in Abu Dhabi (Shell interest 40%)
Shell and ADNOC are currently in a period of commercial and
technical work that may lead to development, subject to the signing of
the respective jointventure agreements. It is intended that the joint
venture will be the operator, and that the gas will supply the local
market in the United Arab Emirates

REST OF ASIA

Shell also has interests in India, Japan, Jordan, the Philippines,

Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, and Turkey. We suspended all
exploration and production activities in Syria in December 2011

Oceania

AUSTRALIA

We have interests in offshore production and exploration licences in the
North West Shelf (NWS) and Greater Gorgon areas of the Carnarvon
Basin, as well as in the Browse Basin and Timor Sea. Some of these
interests are held directly and others indirectly through a shareholding of
approximately 23% in Woodside Petroleum Lid (Woodside). Alll interests
in Australian assets quoted below are direct interests.

Woodside is the operator of the Pluto LNG project. Woodside is also
the operator on behalf of six jointventure participants in the NWS gas,
condensate and oil fields, which produced more than 470 thousand
boe/d in 2013. Shell provides technical support for the NWS
development.

We have a 50% interest in Arrow Energy Holdings Pty Limited (Arrow),
a Queensland-based joint venture with PetroChina. Arrow owns
coalbed methane assets, a domestic power business and the site for a
potential LNG plant on Curtis Island, near Gladstone

We have a 25% interest in the Gorgon LNG project, which involves
the development of some of the largest gas discoveries to date in
Australia, beginning with the offshore Gorgon (Shell interest 25%) and
Jansz-lo (Shell interest 19.3%) fields. It includes the construction of a
15.3 mtpa LNG plant on Barrow Island

We are the operator of a permit in the Browse Basin in which two
separate gas fields were found: Prelude in 2007, and Concerto in
2009. We are developing these fields on the basis of our FING
technology. The Prelude FLNG project is expected to produce about
110 thousand boe/d of natural gas and NGL, delivering
approximately 3.6 mtpa of LNG, 1.3 mtpa of condensate and

0.4 mtpa of LPG. During 2013, construction of the Prelude FING

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

project continued and we completed the sale of a 5% interest to CPC
Corporation, reducing our interest to 67.5%.

We are also a partner in the Browse joint ventures (Shell interests
ranging from 25% to 35%) covering the Brecknock, Calliance and
Torosa gas fields. In 2013, the Browse joint venture selected Shell’s
FLNG technology to progress to the basis of design phase of the
project.

Our other interests include: a joint venture with Shell as the operator of
the Crux gas and condensate field (Shell interest 82%); the Shell
operated AC/P41 block (Shell interest 75%); and the Sunrise gas field
in the Timor Sea (Shell interest 26.6%]. We agreed to sell our interest
in the Wheatstone LNG project in January 2014

We are a partner in both Shell-operated and other, non-operated,
exploration joint ventures in multiple basins including the Bonaparte,
Exmouth Plateau, Greater Gorgon, Outer Canning and South Exmouth

REST OF OCEANIA.
Shell also has interests in New Zealand

Africa

NIGERIA
Shell's share of production, onshore and offshore, in Nigeria was
approximately 265 thousand boe/d in 2013, compared with
approximately 365 thousand boe/d in 2012. Security issues and
crude oil theft in the Niger Delta continued to be significant challenges
in 2013

Onshore
The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Ltd (SPDC) is
the operator of a joint arrangement (Shell interest 30%) that holds more
than 25 Niger Delta onshore oil mining leases (OM|s}, which expire in
2019. To provide funding, modified carry agreements are in place for
certain key projects, and are being reimbursed. Further new carry
agreements with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation were
put in place during 2013

SPDC supplies gas to Nigeria LNG Ltd (NING) mainly through its
Gbaran-Ubie and Soku projects. During 2013, force majeure was
declared on several occasions, mainly related to security issues,
sabotage and crude oil theft incidents. This reduced onshore oil and
gas production significantly, and impacted gas supplies to NING
SPDC is undertaking a strategic review of its interests in the eastern
Niger Delta that may lead to the divestment of certain leases.

Offshore

Our main offshore deep-water activities are carried out by Shell Nigeria
Exploration and Production Company (SNEPCO, Shell interest 100%]
which holds interests in four deep-water blocks. SNEPCO operates
OMls 118 (including the Bonga field) and 135 (Bolia) holding a 55%
interest in each, and holds a 43.75% interest in OML 133 (Erha) and a
50% interest in oil production lease (OPL) 245 (Zabazaba]. Deep-water
offshore activities are typically governed through PSCs.

SPDC also holds an interest in six shallow-water offshore leases, of
which five expired on November 30, 2008. However, SPDC satisfied
all the requirements of the Nigerian Petroleum Act to be entitled to an
extension. Currently, the status quo is maintained following a court
order issued on November 26, 2008. SPDC is pursuing a negotiated
solution with the federal government of Nigeria. Production from the
EA field, in one of the disputed leases, continued throughout 2013

Liquefied natural gas
Shell has a 25.6% interest in NLNG, which operates six LNG trains
with a total capacity of 22.0 mtpa. In 2013, LNG production was



--- Page 24 ---

29 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2013

lower than in 2012 because of gas supply constraints and the impact
of a blockade of NLNG export facilities by the Nigerian Maritime
Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA}

REST OF AFRICA
Shell also has interests in Benin, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, Namibia,
Somalia, South Africa, Tanzania and Tunisia

North America

CANADA.

We hold more than 2,100 mineral leases in Canada, mainly in
Alberta and British Columbia. We produce and market natural gas,
NGL, synthetic crude oil and bitumen. In addition, we hold significant
exploration acreage offshore. Bitumen is a very heavy crude oil
produced through conventional methods as well as through enhanced
oil recovery methods. Synthetic crude oil is produced by mining
bitumen-saturated sands, extracting the bitumen from the sands, and
transporting it to a processing facility where hydrogen is added to
produce a wide range of feedstocks for refineries

Gas and liquids-rich shale

We continued to develop fields in Alberta and British Columbia during
2013 through drilling programmes and investment in infrastructure to
facilitate new production. We own and operate four natural gas
processing and sulphur-extraction plants in Alberta

Synthetic crude oil

We operate the Athabasca Oil Sands Project (AOSP) in north-east
Alberta as part of a joint arrangement (Shell interest 60%). The bitumen
is transported by pipeline for processing at the Scotford Upgrader,
which is also operated by Shell and located in the Edmonton area. In
2013, the first phase of the AOSP debottlenecking project came
online, adding an additional 10 thousand boe/d of capacity at peak
production. The Quest carbon capture and storage project (Shell
interest 60%), which is expected to capture and permanently store
more than 1 mtpa of CO, from the Scotford Upgrader, is currently
under construction and is expected to start operation towards the end
of 2015

Shell also holds a number of other minable oil sands leases in the
Athabasca region with expiry dates ranging from 2018 to 2025. By
completing a certain minimum level of development prior to their
expiry, leases may be extended

Bitumen

We produce and market bitumen in the Peace River area of Alberta,
and have a steam-assisted gravity drainage project in operation near
Cold Lake, Alberta. Additional heavy oil resources and advanced
recovery technologies are under evaluation on approximately

1,200 square kilometres in the Grosmont oil sands area, also in
northern Alberta. During 2013, we announced our final investment
decision to proceed with our Carmon Creek project (Shell interest
100%), an in-situ project that is expected to produce up to 80
thousand boe/d

Offshore

We have a 31.3% interest in the Sable Offshore Energy project, a
natural-gas complex offshore eastern Canada. We also have a 100%
operating interest in frontier deep-water acreage offshore Nova Scotia
and Newfoundland, and a number of exploration licences off the west
coast of British Columbia and in the Mackenzie Delta in the Northwest
Territories

USA

We produce oil and gas in the Gulf of Mexico, heavy oil in California
and primarily tight gas and liquid hydrocarbons in Louisiana,
Pennsylvania, Texas and Wyoming. The majority of our oil and gas

STRATEGIC REPORT

UPSTREAM

production interests are acquired under leases granted by the owner of
the minerals underlying the relevant acreage, including many leases for
federal onshore and offshore tracts. Such leases usually run on an
initial fixed term that is automatically extended by the establishment of
production for as long as production continues, subject to compliance
with the terms of the lease (including, in the case of federal leases,
extensive regulations imposed by federal law)

Gulf of Mexico

The Gulf of Mexico is the major production area in the USA, and
accounts for almost 50% of Shell’s oil and gas production in the
country. We have an interest in approximately 450 federal offshore
leases in the Gulf of Mexico. Our share of production in the Gulf of
Mexico averaged almost 180 thousand boe/d in 2013. Key
producing assets are Auger, Brutus, Enchilada, Mars, NaKika,
Perdido, Ram-Powell and Ursa

We continued to grow our presence in the Gulf of Mexico in 2013,
adding three drilling rigs to our contracted offshore fleet. We also
secured 36 blocks in the central and western lease sales in 2013

Onshore

We have significant holdings of tightgas and liquids-rich shale
acreage including in the Marcellus shale, centred on Pennsylvania in
north-east USA, the Eagle Ford shale formation in south Texas, the
Delaware Permian Basin in west Texas, the Sand Wash Basin and
Niobrara Shale in north-west Colorado, as well as the Mississippi Lime
in Kansas

In recent years, we have invested significant amounts in our tightgas and
liquidsrich shale portfolio. There is still a significant amount of drilling that
must be conducted in certain properties. If future well results do not meet
our expectations, there could be additional asset sales and/or
impairments. Additionally, management will continue to review the
strategic fit of our tightgas and liquidstich shale assets. Depending on
the outcome of that review and future capital allocation to these
properties, additional asset sales and/or impairments could also occur

California

We have a 51.8% interest in Aera Energy LLC (Aera), which holds
assets in the San Joaquin Valley and Los Angeles Basin areas of
southern California. Aera operates more than 15,000 wells,
producing approximately 130 thousand boe/d of heavy oil and gas.

Alaska

We hold more than 410 federal leases for exploration in the Beaufort
and Chukchi seas in Alaska. As a result of the grounding of the Kulluk
drilling rig at the end of 2012, exploration drilling in 2013 was
deferred. We have made the decision to dispose of the Kulluk and
contracted a replacement rig. An impairment charge was recognised
in 2013. A recent US Ninth Circuit Court decision against the
Department of the Interior raises obstacles to our plans for drilling
offshore Alaska. As a result, we have decided to suspend our
exploration programme for Alaska for 2014, and we will continue to
review the situation as we develop our plans for 2015

REST OF NORTH AMERICA,
Shell also has interests in Mexico

South America

BRAZIL

We are the operator of several producing fields offshore Brazil. They
include the Bijupiré and Salema fields (Shell interest 80%) and the
BC-10 field (Shell interest 73%). We started production from the BC-10
Phase 2 project in October 2013, which aims to deliver peak
production of 35 thousand boe/d. In 2013, we exercised our pre-
emptive rights to acquire an additional 23% in the BC-10 project, and


--- Page 25 ---

30 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

in January 2014 we agreed to sell a 23% interest to Qatar Petroleum
International, which would return our interest to 50%, subject to
completion. We also operate one offshore exploration block in the
Santos Basin, BMS-54 (Shell interest 80%). We have interests in two
offshore exploration blocks in the Espirito Santo basins, BMES-23
(Shell interest 20%) and BMES-27 (Shell interest 17.5%). We also
operate one block in the Sao Francisco onshore basin area

We also have an 18% interest in Brazil Companhia de Gas de Sao
Paulo (Comgas}, a natural gas distribution company in the state of Sao
Paulo.

In 2013, a consortium of companies in which Shell holds a 20%
interest won a 35-year PSC to develop the Libra pre-salt oil discovery
located in the Santos Basin

REST OF SOUTH AMERICA
Shell also has interests in Argentina, Colombia, French Guiana,
Guyana, Peru, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela

Trading

We market a portion of our share of equity production of LNG and
also trade LNG volumes around the world through our hubs in Dubai,
the Netherlands and Singapore. We also market and trade natural
gas, power and emission rights in the Americas and Europe.

REPORTS. SHELL.COM


--- Page 26 ---

STRATEGIC REPORT
31 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2013 UPSTREAM
SUMMARY OF PROVED OIL AND GAS RESERVES OF SHELL SUBSIDIARIES AND SHELL
SHARE OF JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES [A] (AT DECEMBER 31, 2013) BASED ON AVERAGE PRICES FOR 2013
Oil and natural Natural gas Total
gas liquids (thousand Synthetic crude oil Bitumen all products
(million barrels) million scf) (million barrels) (million barrels) (million boe)[B]
Proved developed
Europe 418 10,798 - - 2,280
Asia 1,258 14,026 - - 3,676
Oceania 7 2,427 - - 489
Africa 453 946 - - 616
North America
USA 440 1,492 - - 697
Canada 21 908 1,299 13 1,490
South America 74 52 - - 83
Total proved developed 2,735 30,649 1,299 13 9,331
Proved undeveloped
Europe 380 2,477 - - 807
Asia 466 2,135 - - 834
Oceania 92 4,574 - - 881
Africa 198 1,311 - - 424
North America
USA 551 707 - - 673
Canada 8 592 432 409 95)
South America 38 28 - - 43
Total proved undeveloped 1,733 11,824 432 409 4,613
Total proved developed and undeveloped
Europe 798 13,275 - - 3,087
Asia 1,724 16,161 - - 4,510
Oceania 163 7,001 - - 1,370
Africa 651 2,257 - - 1,040
North America
USA 991 2,199 - - 1,370
Canada 29 1,500 1,731 422 2,441
South America 112 80 - - 126
Total 4,468 42,473 1,731 422 13,944

[A] Includes 12 million boe of reserves attributable to non-controlling interest in Shell subsidiaries.
[B] Natural gas volumes are converted to oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel


--- Page 27 ---

32 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

LOCATION OF OIL AND GAS EXPLORATION AN
PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES [A] (AT DECEMBER 31, 2013)
Development
and/or

Exploration production Shell operator[B]

Europe
Albania
Denmark
Germany
Greenland
Ireland
ltaly
Netherlands
Norway
UK
Ukraine

Asia [C]
Brunei
China
Indonesia
Iraq
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Malaysia
Oman
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Turkey
United Arab Emirates .

Oceania
Australia
New Zealand

Africa
Benin
Egypt
Gabon
Nigeria
South Africa
Tanzania
Tunisia

North America
USA
Canada

South America
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
French Guiana
Guyana
Venezuela 1.

[A] Includes joint ventures and associates. Where a joint venture or associate has properties
outside its base country, those are not shown in this table

[B] In several countries wi
not all exploration and /
{C] Shell suspended all exploration and production activities in Syria in December 201 |

erator" is indicated, Shell is the operator of some but
duction ventures

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE ON OIL AND GAS
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
ACTIVITIES AND EXPLORATION EXPENSE

OF SHELL SUBSIDIARIES BY

GEOGRAPHICAL AREA [A] $ MILLION

2013 2012 2011
Europe [B] 4,748 3,226 1,932
Asia 5,187 3,412 4,319
Oceania 5,832 5,534 3,349
Africa 2,639 2,277 1,701
North America — USA 9118 11,344 6,445
North America - Canada 3,258 3,424 2,888
South America 3,676 907 487
Total 34,458 30,124 21,121

{A] Capital expenditure is the cost of acquiring property, plant and equipment for exploration
and production activities, and — under the successful eforis method of accounting for
exploration costs ~ includes exploration drilling costs capitalised pending determination of
commercial reserves. See Note 2 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements". Exploration
expense is the cost of geological and geophysical surveys and of other explorator
charged to income as incurred. Exploration expense excludes depreciation and
cumulative currency translation differences.

[B] Includes Greenland. Capital expenditure and exploration expense for 2012 and 2011
have been reclassified from North Americ:



--- Page 28 ---

STRATEGIC REPORT
33 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2013 UPSTREAM
AVERAGE REALISED PRICE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA
OIL AND NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS $/BARREL
2013 2012 2011
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe 105.23 99.27 108.13 104.60 106.77 103.97
Asia 96.46 70.34 107.76 67.33 103.73 62.81
Oceania 90.50 91.91[A] 91.62 90.14{A] 92.38 99.74{A]
Africa 110.14 = 112.45 - 111.70 -
North America - USA 101.00 = 103.59 110.00 104.93 109.49
North America — Canada 63.14 = 68.31 - 70.72 -
South America 97 AZ 94.01 100.01 97.33 100.44 97.76
Total 100.42 72.69 107.15 76.01 105.74 73.01

[A] Includes Shell's ownership of 23% of Woodside Petroleum Lid as from April 2012 [previously: 24%), a publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We have limited access

to data; accordingly, the numbers are estimated

NATURAL GAS $/THOUSAND SCF

2013 2012 2011

Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of

Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures

subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates

Europe 10.29 917 9.48 9.64 940 8.58

Asia 4.51 10.73 48] 10.13 4.83 8.37
Oceania 11.55 9.A5IA] 11.14 9.A8[A] 9.95 10.09[A]

Africa 2.84 = 274 - 2.32 -

North America - USA 3.92 = 3.17 7.88 4.54 8.91

North America — Canada 3.26 = 2.36 - 3.64 -

South America 2.91 0.42 2.63 1.04 2.81 0.99

Total 5.85 9.72 5.53 9.81 5.92 8.58

[A] Includes Shell's ownership of 23% of Woodside Petroleum Lid as from April 2012 [previously: 24%), a publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We have limited access

to data; accordingly, the numbers are estimated

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL $/BARREL

2013 2012 2011

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 87.24 1.46 1.32

BITUMEN $/BARREL

2013 2012 2011

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 67.40 68.97 76.28



--- Page 29 ---

34 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 REPORTS. SHELL.COM

UPSTREAM CONTINUED
AVERAGE PRODUCTION COST BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA
OIL, NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS AND NATURAL GAS [A] BOE
2013 2012 2011
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe 17.66 3.57 14.50 3.56 12.17 3.12
Asia 6.52 5.74 7.53 47] 6.92 4.60
Oceania 11.55 13.17[B] 9.06 16.97[B] 8.50 14.468]
Africa 14.43 = 9.52 - 8.45 -
North America - USA 21.57 = 20.09 18.24 17.91 17.63
North America — Canada 22.20 = 19.47 - 18.12 -
South America 37.72 16.96 16.36 11.01 12.50 12.25
Total 14.35 5.52 12.47 6.05 11.00 5.60

[A] Natural gas volumes are converted to oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 sct per barrel
[8] Includes Shell's ownership of 2 Woodside Petroleum Lid as from April 2012 [previously: 24%), @ publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We have limited access
fo data; accordingly, the numbers are estimated.

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL $/BARREL

2013 2012 2011

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 38.22 40.40 46.19

BITUMEN $/BARREL

2013 2012 2011

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 23.03 24.11 31.81



--- Page 30 ---

STRATEGIC REPORT

35 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 UPSTREAM,

OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION (AVAILABLE FOR SALE)

CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS [A] THOUSAND B

2013 2012 2011
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe
Denmark 57 = 73 - 88 -
ltaly 33 = 39 - 35 -
Norway 40 = 40 - 37 -
UK 40 = 60 - 7
Other [B] 3 5 3 4 3
Total Europe 173 5 215 4 234 5
Asia
Brunei 2 55 2 73 2 76
Iraq 23 = 6 - 4 -
Malaysia 42 = Al - 40 -
Oman 204 = 205 - 200 -
Russia 69 29 - 104 - 117
United Arab Emirates = 159 - 145 - 144
Other [B] 68 23 53 23 36 20
Total Asia 408 266 307 345 282 357
Total Oceania 26 13 27 18 30 18
Africa
Gabon 30 = 38 - 44 -
Nigeria 175 = 240 - 262 -
Other [B] 1 = 12 = 20 -
Total Africa 216 = 290 = 326 =
North America
USA 237 = 155 67 141 70
Other [B] 21 = 15 = 18 =
Total North America 258 2 170 67 159 70
South America
Brazil 21 = 34 - 45 -
Other [B] 1 9 1 10 1 9
Total South America 22 9 35 10 46 9
Total 1,103 293 1,044 444 1,077 459

[A] Includes natural gos liquids. Royalty purchases are excluded. Reflects 100% of production attributable to subsidiaries except in respect of PSCs, where the figures shown represent the

entitlement of the subsidiaries concerned under those contracts.

[B] Comprises countries where 2013 production was lower than 20 thousand b/d or where specific disclosures are prohibited,


--- Page 31 ---

36 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 REPORTS. SHELL.COM

UPSTREAM CONTINUED
2013 2012 2011
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe
Denmark 146 = 202 - 256 -
Germany 200 = 217 - 253 -
Netherlands - 1,976 - 1,808 - 1,767
Norway 703 = 713 - 618 -
UK 300 = 328 - 403 -
Other [B] 42 - 43 - Al -
Total Europe 1,391 1,976 1,503 1,808 1,571 1,767
Asia
Brunei Sil 451 51 512 52 524
China 164 = 131 - 174 -
Malaysia 655 = 572 - 763 -
Russia 12 347 - 374 - 382
Other [B] 1,036 317 795 317 363 246
Total Asia 1,918 1115 1,549 203 1,352 1,152
Oceania
Australia 344 276 352 243 373 167
New Zealand 168 = 182 - 175 -
Total Oceania 512 276 534 243 548 167
Africa
Egypt 126 7 141 - 133 -
Nigeria 552 = 740 - 707 -
Total Africa 678 = 881 - 840 -
North America
USA 1,081 = 1,062 5 961 6
Canada 635 = 616 - 570 -
Total North America 1,716 = 1,678 5 1,531 6
Total South America 33 i 44 ] 51 ]
Total 6,248 3,368 6,189 3,260 5,893 3,093
[A] Reflects 100% of production atiributable to subsidiaries except in respect of PSCs, where the figures shown represent the entitlement of the companies concerned under those contracts
[B] Comprises countries where 2013 production was lower than 115 million scf/d or where specific disclosures are prohibited
2013 2012 2011
Shell Shell Shell
subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries
North America — Canada 126 125 115
2013 2012 2011
Shell Shell Shell
subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 19 20 15



--- Page 32 ---

STRATEGIC REPORT

37 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 UPSTREAM

LNG AND GTL PLANTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2013
LNG LIQUEFACTION PLANTS IN OPERATION

Shell 100% capacity

Location interest (%)[A] (mtpa)[B][C]
Australia North West Shelf Karratha 21 16.3
Australia Pluto 1 Karratha 21 43
Brunei LNG Lumut 25 7.8
Malaysia LNG (Dua and Tiga) [D] Bintulu 15 17.3
Nigeria LNG Bonny 26 22.0
Oman LNG Sur 30 7.1
Qalhat (Oman) LNG Sur | 3.7
Qatargas 4 Ras Laffan 30 78
Sakhalin LNG Prigorodnoye 27.5 9.6

[A] Interest may be held via indirect shareholding

[B] As reported by the operator

[C] In January 2014, we acquired an addition 4.2 mpia (Shell share} of capacity as a result of the acquisition of Repsol S.A.’s ING portfolio outside of North America
[1D] Our interests in the Dua and Tiga plants are due to expire in 2015 and 2023 respectively.

LNG LIQUEFACTION PLANTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION

Shell 100% capacity
Location interest (%) mtpa)
Gorgon Barrow Island 25 15.3
Prelude Offshore Australia 67.5 3.6
Wheatstone [A] Onslow 64 8.9

[A] In January 2014, we agreed to divest our interest in Wheaistone.

GTL PLANTS IN OPERATION

Shell 100% capacity

Country interest (%) (b/d)

Bintulu Malaysia 72 14,700

Pearl Qatar 100 140,000
EQUITY LNG SALES VOLUMES

2013 2012 2011

Australia 3.7 3.6 3.1

Brunei 17 17 17

Malaysia 2.6 2.5 2.4

Nigeria 44 5.1 5.0

Oman 2.0 19 2.0

Qatar 2.3 24 17

Sakhalin 2.9 3.0 2.9

Total 19.6 20.2 18.8



--- Page 33 ---

38 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 REPORTS. SHELL.COM

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

EARNINGS AND CASH FLOW INFORMATION

North America South
Europe[A] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other ‘America Total

Revenue 23,144 35,916 3,414 11,007 9,762 8,878 748 92,869
Share of profit of joint ventures and

associates 1,469 3,235 Wl 1,162 ] 55 87 6,120
Interest and other income (123) 572 172 (14) 20 52 (20) 659
Total revenue and other income 24,490 39,723 3,697. 12,155 9,783 8,985 815 99,648
Purchases excluding taxes 9,088 9,761 290 1,378 (1,175) 2,989 48 = 22,379
Production and manufacturing expenses 2,998 4,162 762 1,978 4,588 3,594 389 18,471
Taxes other than income tax 328 1,254 226 963 223 - 85 3,079
Selling, distribution and administrative

expenses, 993 85 7 ] 47 26 35 1,194
Research and development 648 15 - - 178 106 - 947
Exploration 627 1,082 396 354 1,790 312 717 5,278
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 1,444 3,114 434 1,293 7,954 2,550 160 16,949
Interest expense 359 76 47 133 210 61 24 910
Income before taxation 8,005 20,174 1,535 6,055 (4,032) (653) (643) 30,441
Taxation 4,883 10,977, 475 3,100 (1,500) (203) 7) 17,803
Income after taxation 3,122 9197 1,060 2,955 (2,532) (450) (714) 12,638
Net cash from operating activities 5,215 12,834 1,717 5,027 3,775 1,414 132 30,114

Less: working capital movements 1,251 (88) (929) 1,391 (86) (346) 119 1,312
Net cash from operating activities

excluding working capital movements 3,964 12,922 2,646 3,636 3,861 1,760 13 28,802

[A] Includes Greenland.

North America South
Evrope[B] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other America Total

Revenue 26,569 31,438 3,463 14,966 8,657 8,003 1,454 94,550
Share of profit of joint ventures and

associates 1,667 3,866 395 950 1,150 25 (52) 8,001
Interest and other income 70 793 2,107 984 569 149 164 4,836
Total revenue and other income 28,306 36,097 5,965 16,900 10,376 8,177 1,566 107,387
Purchases excluding taxes 10,689 8,699 277 1,878 659 2,958 85 25,245
Production and manufacturing expenses 2,651 3,761 834 1,915 3,477 3,434 282 16,354
Taxes other than income tax 350 410 318 1,248 39 - 144 2,509
Selling, distribution and administrative

expenses 843 196 4 3 126 19 20 1,211
Research and development 595 16 - - 135 121 2 869
Exploration 398 460 175 699 802 372 198 3,104
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 1,583 1,903 306 1,277 3,930 2,072 316 11,387
Interest expense 311 68 34 116 170 53 22 774
Income before taxation 10,886 20,584 4,017 9,764 1,038 (852) 497 45,934
Taxation 6,421 11,205 1,095 5,361 (121) (408) 137 23,690
Income after taxation 4,465 9,379 2,922 4,403 1,159 (444) 360 22,244
Net cash from operating activities 6,677 11,457 2,107 6,615 4,483 1,047 675 = 33,061

Less: working capital movements 18 (587) 469 (410) 526 (73) 167 110
Net cash from operating activities

excluding working capital movements 6,659 12,044 1,638 7,025 3,957 1,120 508 32,951
[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

[8] Includes Greenland. Earnings and cash flow information for 2012 have been reclassified from North America.



--- Page 34 ---

STRATEGIC REPORT

39 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 UPSTREAM

North America South
Evrope[B] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other America Total

Revenue 26,263 24,724 3,285 16,567 10,037 9,149 1,666 91,691
Share of profit of joint ventures and

associates 1,527 3,233 296 703 1,351 (14) 31 7,127
Interest and other income 42 929 104 861 1,598 111 505 4,150
Total revenue and other income 27 832 28,886 3,685 18,131 12,986 9,246 2,202 102,968
Purchases excluding taxes 9,687 4,684 252 1,860 1,983 3,658 (35) 22,089
Production and manufacturing expenses 2,836 3,850 857 1,634 2,856 3,300 253 15,586
Taxes other than income tax 390 592 297 1,499 59 - 180 3,017
Selling, distribution and administrative

expenses 1,012 94 3 8 127 15 14 1,273
Research and development 505 15 - - 120 Al (1) 680
Exploration 313 326 178 A493 745 85 126 2,266
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 1,519 1,275 351 1,199 2,523 1,608 352 8,827
Interest expense 356 50 32 120 135 49 14 756
Income before taxation 11,214 18,000 1,715 11,318 4,438 490 1,299 48,474
Taxation 6,181 9,930 (24) 6511 764 178 468 24,008
Income after taxation 5,033 8,070 1,739 4,807 3,674 312 831 24,466
Net cash from operating activities 6,680 8,130 1,954 5,680 5,310 1,791 1,034 30,579

Less: working capital movements (876) (1,277) 268 (1,349) 528 (131) 135 (2,702)
Net cash from operating activities

excluding working capital movements 7,556 9,407 1,686 7,029 4,782 1,922 899 33,281

[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"
[8] Includes Greenland. Earnings and cash flow information for 2011 have been reclassified from North America



--- Page 35 ---

40 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

DOWNSTREAM

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

KEY STATISTICS $ MILLION

2013 201 2{A] 2011]
Segment earnings [B] 3,869 5,382 4,170
Including:
Revenue (including inter-segment sales) 404,427 424,410 428 646
Share of earnings of joint ventures and associates [A] 1,525 1,354 1,577
Production and manufacturing expenses 9,807 9,539 10,662
Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 13,114 12,860 12,947
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 4,421 3,083 4,251
Net capital investment [B] 4,885 4,275 4,342
Refinery availability (%) 92 93 92
Chemical plant availability (%) 92 91 89
Refinery processing intake (thousand b/d) 2,915 2,819 2,845
Oil products sales volumes (thousand b/d) 6,164 6,235 6,196
Chemicals sales volumes (thousand tonnes) 17,386 18,669 18,831

[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"
[B] See Notes 2 and 4 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements”. Segment earnings are presented on a current cost of supplies basis

OVERVIEW

Shell's Downstream organisation is made up of a number of different
business activities, part of an integrated value chain, that collectively
turn crude oil into a range of refined products, which are moved and
marketed around the world for domestic, industrial and transport use.
The products include gasoline, diesel, heating oil, aviation fuel, marine
fuel, liquefied natural gas (LNG) for transport, lubricants, bitumen,
sulphur and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). In addition, we produce
and sell petrochemicals for industrial use worldwide

Our Refining activities comprise Manufacturing, Supply and
Distribution. Marketing includes Retail, Lubricants, Business to Business
(B2B) and Alternative Energies. Chemicals has major manufacturing
plants, located close to refineries, and its own marketing network. We
also trade crude oil, oil products and petrochemicals, to optimise
feedstocks for Manufacturing and Chemicals, to supply our Marketing
businesses and for our own profit

BUSINESS CONDITIONS

Industry refining margins were lower in 2013 than in 2012 in key
refining hubs, except for US Gulf Coast margins, where increased
domestic crude oil production lowered crude oil acquisition costs
relative to international benchmarks. In 2014, increased demand for
middle distillates is expected to be a key driver of refining margins,
supported by demand for gasoline in the middle of the year. However,
the overall outlook remains uncertain because of continuing economic
fragility and geopolitical tensions in some regions that could lead to
supply disruptions, amid global structural refining overcapacity. The
overcapacity in Europe has been compounded by weaker regional
demand, higher imports and lower exports of refined products to the
USA as a result of the increase in the availability of liquids-ich shale
In Asia, new refining capacity has outstripped demand growth. As a
result of this environment, we have commenced a review of our global
refining portfolio which could potentially lead to asset sales, closures
and/or impairments

Industry naphtha cracker margins in Asia and Europe were broadly
similar to those in 2012 as growth remained below the historic
average. The outlook for petrochemicals for 2014 is highly dependent
on further economic recovery.

EARNINGS 2013-2012

Segment earnings in 2013 were $3,869 million, 28% lower than in
2012. Excluding the impact of the net charge of $597 million in

2013 and the net gain of $39 million in 2012 described at the end of

this section, earnings were 16% lower. The decrease in earnings was
mostly due to Refining making a loss, driven by a weaker margin
environment, partly offset by higher contributions from Chemicals and
Trading. Continued strong contributions from Marketing were broadly
similar to 2012

Industry refining margins were lower in all regions, except for US Gulf
Coast margins which were slightly higher. Lower US West Coast
margins in 2013 reflected an excess supply of gasoline in the region
Additionally, US West Coast margins in 2012 were particularly high
as a result of competitors’ outages and weather events. Margins in
2013 were also impacted by a narrower spread between the Brent
and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil benchmarks, as an
expansion in pipeline capacity increased the ability to move oil from
the landlocked area of Cushing, Oklahoma, where WTI is delivered
In Europe, margins remained weak due to: low regional demand;
increased imports from Asia, Russia and the USA; and limited export
opportunities to the USA due to high gasoline inventories there
Margins in Asia-Pacific were impacted by excess capacity and weak
demand due to an economic slowdown

Realised refining margins were significantly lower than in 2012 due to
the deterioration in industry conditions described above. Refinery
intake volumes were 3% higher compared with 2012. This was mainly
due to the adoption of IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements leading to the
inclusion, with effect from January 1, 2013, of our 50% share of the
volumes of Saudi Aramco Shell Refinery, our joint venture in Saudi
Arabia, and to new units being online as a result of the Port Arthur
refinery expansion project in the USA. Refinery availability fell to 92%
compared with 93% in 2012

Chemicals earnings increased compared with 2012 mainly as a result
of higher margins for most products. The improvement was driven by
more favourable market conditions, helped by sustained industry
supply constraints due to competitors’ production outages, combined
with strong operating performance. Chemicals sales volumes were 7%
lower than in 2012, mainly due to the adoption of IFRS 11 Joint
Arrangements with effect from January 1, 2013, and contract
expirations, partly offset by higher trading volumes. Chemical plant
availability increased to 92% compared with 91% in 2012

Marketing earnings were broadly similar to 2012. Retail earnings
were higher, with improved margins in all regions. Lubricants earnings
were also higher, benefiting mainly from stronger unit margins. These
increases were partly offset by lower earnings from: Raizen, our biofuel


--- Page 36 ---

4) ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

joint venture, which was impacted by negative fair value adjustments
to biological assets (sugar-cane plantations) in 2013 compared with
positive adjustments in 2012, and a weaker Brazilian real; and
Business to Business, mainly due to lower sulphur prices.

Oil products sales volumes were 1% lower than in 2012, reflecting
lower marketing and trading volumes, partly offset by the effect of the
adoption of IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements with effect from January 1,
2013

Overall, operating expenses were 2% higher than in 2012. Production
and manufacturing expenses increased due to growth-stimulating spend
and higher maintenance costs, coupled with inflation. Selling,
distribution and administrative expenses increased due to inflation,
spending related to higher volumes in some businesses and higher
promotional costs in some of the marketing businesses

Depreciation increased in 2013 compared with 2012, mainly due to
impairments and to the adoption of IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements with
effect from January 1, 2013

Segment earnings in 2013 included a net charge of $597 million,
resulting primarily from impairments and deferred tax adjustments
which were partly offset by a beneficial tax rate change in the UK and
gains on divestments. The impairments were mainly in respect of the
majority of our Downstream activities in Italy, the Geelong refinery in
Australia and a bitumen refinery in the USA.

Segment earnings in 2012 included a net gain of $39 million, resulting
from net gains on divestments and a tax credit, partly offset by legal and
environmental provisions

EARNINGS 2012-2011

Segment earnings in 2012 were $5,382 million, 29% higher than in
2011. This increase reflected a return to profitability in Refining,
although marginal, as a result of higher realised refining margins and
better refinery availability, which were partly offset by lower Chemicals
earnings. Trading contributions were lower in 2012 than in 2011,
while Marketing contributions were broadly unchanged. Both activities
continued to contribute significantly to Downstream earnings

Realised refining margins recovered strongly from their low level at the
end of 2011, and improved across all regions apart from Asia
Chemicals earnings were lower in 2012, mainly as a result of the global
economic slowdown, supply constraints of favourable feedstocks in the
USA, and the impact of Hurricane Isaac on operations

Segment earnings in 2012 included a net gain of $39 million,
described above. Segment earnings in 2011 included a net gain of
$15 million consisting of gains from fair-value accounting of
commodity derivatives, formation of the Raizén joint venture,
divestments and a tax credit, mostly offset by impairments,
redundancy, decommissioning and legal provisions

NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT

Net capital investment was $4.9 billion in 2013 compared with
$4.3 billion in 2012. The increase was due to lower divestment
proceeds in 2013

Capital investment was $5.5 billion in both 2013 and 2012. In both
years $3.2 billion was in Refining and Chemicals, and $2.3 billion
was in Marketing. In 2013, approximately 61% of our capital
investment was used to maintain the integrity and performance of our
asset base, compared with 56% in 2012

Divestment proceeds were $0.6 billion in 2013 compared with
$1.2 billion in 2012

STRATEGIC REPORT

DOWNSTREAM,

PORTFOLIO ACTIONS

In Chemicals, we announced final investment decisions on two projects
in Singapore. The first will upgrade the Singapore production facilities
for polyols, the raw materials used in the manufacture of high-quality
foams in furniture, bedding and the automotive industry. The second
will increase capacity at the Jurong Island petrochemicals facility,
adding 140 thousand tonnes per annum (tpa) each of high-purity
ethylene oxide and ethoxylation capacity. Additionally, with Qatar
Petroleum we announced the award of the frontend engineering and
design (FEED) contract for the A-Karaana Petrochemicals Complex
project in Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar

In Business to Business, we finalised an agreement with TravelCenters of
America to develop a nationwide network of LNG fuelling centres for
heavy-duty road transport customers at up to 100 existing sites in the USA,

In Lubricants, we have formed a joint venture, Singapore Lube Park, to
build and operate shared import, export and storage facilities
Alongside these shared facilities, we will build our own lubricants oil
blending plant and grease manufacturing plant with initial capacities
of 350 tpa and 10 tpa respectively. In China, we opened our largest
grease plant worldwide, located in Zhuhai

We continue to divest non-strategic positions. We completed the sale
of the majority of our shareholding in retail and commercial fuels
activities in Egypt, Ghana and Uganda. In Ghana, our lubricants will
be marketed through our joint venture with Vitol; in Egypt, we will
retain the lubricants business. The agreements form part of the
divestment of our shareholding in most of our downstream activities in
Africa as announced in 2011

In Manufacturing, we sold the Harburg base oil manufacturing plant
and some associated refinery facilities in Germany. In Norway, in
January 2014, we completed the sale of our 21% interest in the
Mongstad refinery. Under the same transaction, we acquired an
additional 10% interest in the Pernis refinery in the Netherlands,
making this refinery again 100% owned by Shell. Also in January, we
signed an agreement for the sale of our shareholdings in the Kralupy
and Litvinov refineries in the Czech Republic. In February 2014, we
agreed to sell the majority of our downstream activities in Italy and
Australia, subject to deal completion

The sale of interests in these refineries is in line with our global strategy
to concentrate investment on large-scale sites.

BUSINESS AND PROPERTY
Refining

MANUFACTURING.

We have interests in more than 30 refineries worldwide with the
capacity to process approximately 3.3 million barrels of crude oil per
day. Approximately 40% of our refining capacity is in Europe and
Africa, with 35% in the Americas and 25% in Asia and Oceania. The
Port Arthur refinery expansion in Texas, USA, owned by Motiva
Enterprises (Shell interest 50%), restarted operations in early 2013,
following operational issues in 2012. The expansion brought an
additional 320 thousand b/d of capacity online in the US Gulf Coast
region, increasing the refinery’s total capacity to 620 thousand b/d

SUPPLY AND DISTRIBUTION

With more than 1,500 storage tanks and approximately 150 distribution
facilities in approximately 25 countries, our Supply and Distribution
infrastructure is well positioned for making deliveries throughout the
world. Deliveries include feedstocks for our refineries as well as finished
products for our Marketing businesses and customers worldwide


--- Page 37 ---

42 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED

Marketing

RETAIL
We have retail stations in more than 70 countries and more than

100 years’ experience in fuel development. In recent years, we have
concentrated on developing differentiated fuels with special
formulations designed to clean engines and improve performance. We
sell such fuels under the Shell V-Power brand in more than 60

countries

LUBRICANTS
Across approximately 100 countries we make, market and sell
technically advanced lubricants not only for passenger cars, trucks and
coaches but also for industrial machinery in manufacturing, mining,
power generation, agriculture and construction

We lead the global market in branded lubricants. In 2012,
independent research confirmed that Shell was the most preferred
passenger car engine oil brand in China, Malaysia, Russia, Thailand
and the USA. Shell was also the most preferred heavy-duty engine oil
brand in China, Malaysia, Russia, Turkey and the USA

Through our marine activities we primarily provide lubricants, but also
fuels and related technical services, to the shipping and boating
industries. We supply more than 100 grades of lubricants and 20
different types of fuel serving more than 15,000 vessels worldwide,
ranging from large ocean-going tankers to small fishing boats.

BUSINESS TO BUSINESS

Our Business to Business (B2B) activities encompass the sale of fuels
and speciality products and services to a broad range of commercial
customers

Shell Aviation provides fuel for approximately 7,000 aircraft every day
at more than 800 airports in around 40 countries. On average, we
refuel a plane every 12 seconds.

Shell Gas (LPG) provides liquefied petroleum gas and related services
to retail, commercial and industrial customers for cooking, heating,
lighting and transport.

Shell Commercial Fuels provides transport, industrial and heating fuels
in 20 countries. Our wide range of products, from reliable main-grade
fuels with standard quality to premium products, can offer tangible
benefits. These include fuel economy, enhanced equipment
performance, such as longer life and lower maintenance costs, and
environmental benefits, such as reduced emissions. We continue to
jevelop multiple projects in the LNG for transport industry, chosen in
an effort to provide us and customers with the best commercial value

Shell Bitumen supplies on average 11,000 tonnes of products every
jay to 1,600 customers worldwide and invests in technology research
and development to create innovative, award-winning new products

Shell Sulphur Solutions has developed a dedicated sulphur business to
manage the complete value chain of sulphur, from refining to

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

marketing. The business provides sulphur for industries such as mining
and textiles and also develops new products which incorporate
sulphur, including road surfaces, fertilisers and concrete

ALTERNATIVE ENERGIES

Our Raizen joint venture in Brazil produces ethanol from sugar cane,
and manages a retail network. With an annual production capacity of
more than 2 billion litres, it is one of the largest biofuel producers in
the world. We also investigate alternative energy technologies with a
longterm aspiration to develop them into profitable business
opportunities. We were one of the first companies to invest in
advanced biofuels and continue to research and explore the potential
of hydrogen as a fuel

Chemicals

MANUFACTURING

Our plants produce a range of base chemicals, including ethylene,
propylene and aromatics, as well as intermediate chemicals, such as
styrene monomer, propylene oxide, solvents, detergent alcohols,
ethylene oxide and ethylene glycol. We have the capacity to produce
nearly 6 mtpa of ethylene.

MARKETING

We sell petrochemicals to about 1,000 major industrial customers
worldwide. Our Chemicals business is in the top 10 of chemicals
enterprises in the world by revenue. Its products are used to make
numerous everyday items, from clothing and cars, to bubble bath and
bicycle helmets

Trading

We trade crude oil, oil products and petrochemicals, to optimise
feedstock for Manufacturing and Chemicals, to supply our Marketing
businesses and for our own profit

We trade in physical and financial contracts, lease storage and
transportation capacities around the globe, and manage shipping
activities.

DOWNSTREAM BUSINESS ACTIVITIES WITH IRAN,
SUDAN AND SYRIA

Iran
Shell transactions with Iran are disclosed separately. See “Section
13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Disclosure”

Sudan

We ceased all operational activities in Sudan in 2008. We have,
however, continued soil remediation in 2013 related to earlier
operations in the country.

Syria

We are in compliance with all EU and US sanctions. We continue to
supply limited quantities of polyols via a Netherlands-based distributor
to private sector customers in Syria. Polyols are commonly used for the
production of foam in mattresses and soft furnishings.


--- Page 38 ---

STRATEGIC REPORT

43 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 DOWNSTREAM,

DOWNSTREAM DATA TABLES

The tables below reflect Shell subsidiaries, the 50% Shell interest in

OIL PRODUCTS - CRUDE OIL
PROCESSED [A]

Motiva in the USA, and instances where Shell owns the crude oil or 2013 2012 2011
feedstocks processed by a refinery. Other joint ventures and associates Europe 1,010 1,069 1,058
are only included where explicitly stated Asia 706 76) 701
OIL PRODUCTS - COST OF CRUDE OIL Cevania ue ° 1

- Africa 61 70 64

PROCESSED OR CONSUMED (A = PER Barnes ‘swastcas 1060 ons

Total 90.36. 106.82 10471 28 S017 __ 2,974

[A] Includes Upstream margin on crude oil supplied by Shell subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates.

CRUDE DISTILLATION

[A] Includes natural gas liquids, share of joint ventures and associates and processing for

others,

REFINERY PROCESSING

INTAKE [A THOUSAND B/D

CAPACITY [A] THOUSAND B/CALENDAR DAY [B] A] pra rr oa
2013 2012{C] 2011 Gode oll 2,732 2,620 2,652

Europe Toss «1,084 124g EO 188 199 193
Asi ; “0 oe ee Total 2915.2,819 2,845
ami Europe 933 970. _1,041
Africa 82 ie 83 Asia 634 520 489
Americas 1,212 1,212 1,064 Oceania 105 150 177
Total 3,255, 3,201 3251 apn 5A 62 63
al Average operating copaciy for the yer oxcluding mathbaled capaci - Americas 1,189 1,117 1,075
(8 Calon jar day capacity is the maximum sustainable capacity adjusted for normal unit Total 2915 2,819 2,845

[C] Crude distillation capacity in Europe has been corrected to exclude Stanlow refinery in the
UK, which was divested in 2011

[A] Includes crude oil, natural gas liquids and feedstocks processed in crude distillation units

and in secondary conversion units

ETHYLENE CAPACITY [A] THOUSAND TONNES/YEAR [MM REFINERY PROCESSING

2013 2012 2011 OUTTURN [A] THOUSAND B/D
Europe 1,659 1,659 1,659 2013 2012 2011
Asia 1,922 1,922 1,922 Gasolines 1,049 995 993
Oceania - - - Kerosines 368 321 339
Africa - - - Gas/Diesel oils 1,014 996 977
Americas 2,212 2,212 2,212 Fuel oil 274 256 252
Total 5,793 5,793 5,793 Other 389 452 385
[A] Includes the Shell share of capacity entitlement (offiake rights) of joint ventures and Total 3,094 3,020 2,946

associates, which may be different from nominal equity interest. Nominal capacity is quoted as
at December 31

[A] Excludes “own use” and products acquired for blending purposes.


--- Page 39 ---

44 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 REPORTS. SHELL.COM

DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED
2013 2012 2011 2013 2012 2011
Europe Europe
Gasolines 415 450 467 Base chemicals 3,423 3,771 4,006
Kerosines 226 234 261 First-line derivatives and others 2,281 2,626 2,689
Gas/Diesel oils 962 909 876 Total 5,704 6,397 6,695
Fuel oil 194 180 227 Asia
Other products 168 184 192 Base chemicals 2,266 2,588 2,256
Total 1,965 1,957 2,023 First-line derivatives and others 2,989 3,074 3,139
Asia Total 5,255 5,662 5,395
Gasolines 325 352 291 Oceania
Kerosines 191 172 191 Base chemicals = - -
Gas/Diesel oils 483 515 49) First-line derivatives and others 62 75 81
Fuel oil 322 355 305 Total 62 75 81
Other products 255 220 214 Africa
Total 1,576 1,614 1,492 Base chemicals = = =
Oceania First-line derivatives and others 47 54 62
Gasolines 87 93 102 Total 47 54 62
Kerosines Sl A8 46 Americas
Gas/Diesel oils 115 107 87 Base chemicals 3,218 3,336 3,405
Fuel oil - 4 7 First-line derivatives and others 3,100 3,145 3,193
Other products 19 26 28 Total 6,318 6,481 6,598
Total 272 278 270 Total product sales
Africa Base chemicals 8,907 9,695 9,667
Gasolines 45 58 78 First-line derivatives and others 8,479 8,974 9,164
Kerosines 9 16 20 Total 17,386 18,669 ‘18,831
Gas/Diesel oils 43 53 81 [A] Excludes feedstock trading and byproducts
Fuel oil 3 9 21
Other products 15 13 22
Total 115 149 222
Americas
Gasolines 1,149 1,123 1,136
Kerosines 234 264 265
Gas/Diesel oils 519 528 461
Fuel oil 9% 89 91
Other products 238 233 236
Total 2,236 2,237 2,189
Total product sales [B]
Gasolines 2,021 2,076 2,074
Kerosines 7\1 734 783
Gas/Diesel oils 2,122 2,112 1,996
Fuel oil 615 637 651
Other products 695 676 692
Total 6,164 6,235 6,196

[A] Excludes deliveries to other companies under reciprocal sale and purchase arrangements,
which are in the nature of exchanges.
included

condensate and natural gas liquids are

acts are held for trading p
was a reduction in oil product sales of approximately 92 1,0:
000 b/d; 2011: 925,000 b/d}


--- Page 40 ---

STRATEGIC REPORT

45 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 DOWNSTREAM,

MANUFACTURING PLANTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2013

REFINERIES IN OPERATION

Thousand barrels/calendar day, 100% capacity{B]

Thermal
Crude cracking/
Asset Shell distillation —_visbreaking/ Catalytic Hydro-
Location class interest (%)[A] capacity coking cracking cracking
Europe
Czech Republic Kralupy[C][D] + 16 59 - 24 -
Litvinov[C][D] + 16 101 14 - 30
Denmark Fredericia e 100 63 40 - -
Germany Harburg e 100 58 14 15 -
Miro[C 32 310 65 89 -
Rheinland ue 100 325 52 - 80
Schwedt{C] 38 220 47 50 -
Netherlands Pernis[E me 90 404 45 48 81
Norway Mongstad[C][E] ee 21 208 23 55 =
Asia
Japan Mizue [Toal[C] oe 18 64 24 38 -
Yamaguchi[C] + 13 110 - 25 -
Yokkaichi[C] oe 26 193 - 55 -
Malaysia Port Dickson + 51 107 - 39 -
Pakistan Karachi[C 30 43 - - -
Philippines Tabangao 7 96 31 - -
Saudi Arabia Al Jubail[C] oe 50 292 85 - 45
Singapore Pulau Bukom ue 100 462 77 34 55
Turkey Batman[C 1 23 - - -
lzmir[C 1 218 17 14 18
lzmit[C 1 216 - 13 25
Kirikale[C 1 104 = = 16
Oceania
Australia Geelong[F] o 100 118 = 38 =
Africa
South Africa Durban[C. o 38 165 23 34 =
Americas
Argentina Buenos Aires oe 100 100 18 20 -
Canada
Alberta Scotford + 100 92 - - 62
Ontario Sarnia + 100 7) 5 19 9
USA
California Martinez e 100 144 42 65 37
Louisiana Convent[C] + 50 227 - 82 45
Norco[C] . 50 229 25 107 39
Texas Deer Park ue 50 312 79 63 53
Port Arthur[C] e 50 569 138 81 67
Washington Puget Sound Lx 100 137 23 52 =

[A] Shell interest rounded to nearest whole percentage point; Shell share of production capacity may differ
8] Calendar day capacity is the maximum sustainable capacity adjusted for normal unit downtime:

(C] Not operated by Shell

DJ In January 2014, we agreed to sell our 16% interest in the Kralupy and Litvinov refi
E] In January 2014, we acquired the remaining 10% of the Pemnis refinery, bringing our int
F] In February 2014, we agreed to sell our interest in the Geelong refinery subject to deal completion

U
it
['
it
it sst to 100%, and we sold our 21% interest in the Mongstad refinery.
it

& Integrated refinery and chemical complex.

© Refinery complex with cogeneration capacity
© Refinery complex with chemical unit(s)


--- Page 41 ---

46 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013 REPORTS. SHELL.COM

DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED

Thousand tonnes/year, Shell share capacity

Siyrene Ethylene Higher Additional
Location Ethylene monomer glycol olefins[B] products
Europe
Germany Rheinland 272 - - - A
Netherlands Moerdijk 972 725 155 - A, |
UK Mossmorran[C] 415 - - -
Stanlow{C] - - - 330
Asia
China Nanhai[C] 475 320 175 - A, 1, P.
Japan Yamaguchi[C] - - - 1 A
Saudi Arabia Al Jubail[C] 366 400 - - A,O
Singapore Jurong Island[D] 281 734 ,005 - A, 1, P,O
Pulau Bukom 800 - - - A, |
Americas
Canada Scotford - 485 520 - A, |
USA Deer Park 836 - - - A, |
Geismar - - 400 920 |
Norco 1,376 - - - A
Total 5,793 2,664 2,255 1,261

Includes joint-venture plants, with the exception of the Infineum additives joint ventures.
3] Higher olefins are linear alpha and internal olefins (products range from C6-C2024]

[A
(8
[C] Not operated by Shell
(0

)] Combination of 100% Shellowned plants and joint ventures (Shell and non-Shell operated).

A Aromatics, lower olefins.

| Intermediat
P Polyethylene, polypropylene
© Other

OTHER CHEMICAL LOCATIONS

Location Products
Europe
Germany Harburg I
Karlsruhe A
Schwedt A
Netherlands Pernis A,|,O
Asia
Japan Kawasaki A, |
Yokkaichi A
Malaysia Bintulu I
Port Dickson A
Oceania
Australia Geelong[A] Al
Africa
South Africa Durban |
Americas
Argentina Buenos Aires |
Canada Sarnia A,|
USA Martinez oe)
Mobile A
Puget Sound fo)

[A] In February 2014, we agreed to sell our interest in the Geelong chemical manufacturing

unit subject to deal completion

A Aromatics, lower olefins.
| Intermediates.
O Other.


--- Page 42 ---

47 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

CORPORATE

STRATEGIC REPORT

CORPORATE

EARNINGS $ MILLIO!

2013 2012[A] 2011[A]
Net interest and investment expense (832) (1,001) (624)
Foreign exchange (losses)/gains (189) 169 (77)
Other — including taxation 1,393 629 803
Segment earnings 372 (203) 102

[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

OVERVIEW

The Corporate segment covers the non-operating activities supporting
Shell. It comprises Shell’s holdings and treasury organisation, its
headquarters and central functions as well as its self-insurance
activities. Alll finance expense and income as well as related taxes are
included in the Corporate segment earnings rather than in the earnings
of the business segments.

The holdings and treasury organisation manages many of the
Corporate entities and is the point of contact between Shell and the
external capital markets. It conducts a broad range of transactions —
from raising debt instruments to transacting foreign exchange. Treasury
centres in London, Singapore and Rio de Janeiro support these
activities

Headquarters and central functions provide business support in the
areas of communications, finance, health, human resources,
information technology, legal services, real estate and security. They
also provide support for the shareholder-related activities of the
Company. The central functions are supported by business service
centres located around the world which process transactions, manage
data and produce statutory returns, among other services. The majority
of the headquarters and central-function costs are recovered from the
business segments. Those costs that are not recovered are retained in
Corporate

Shell mainly self-insures its risk exposures. Shell insurance subsidiaries
provide insurance coverage to Shell entities, generally up to

$1.15 billion per event and usually limited to Shell's percentage
interest in the relevant entity. The type and extent of the coverage
provided is equal to that which is otherwise commercially available in
the third-party insurance market.

EARNINGS 2013-2011

Segment earnings for 2013 were a gain of $372 million, compared
with a loss of $203 million in 2012 and a gain of $102 million in
2011

Net interest and investment expense decreased by $169 million
between 2012 and 2013. Interest expense was lower, mostly driven
by an increase in the amount of interest capitalised due to the
continued ramp-up of projects in Australia and the Gulf of Mexico, and
an improvement in the liquidity premium associated with our currency
swaps. These effects were partly offset by lower interest income. In
2012, net interest and investment expense increased by $377 million
compared with 2011. Interest expense was significantly higher, mostly
driven by the liquidity premium associated with our currency swaps,
and an increase in Shell’s share of interest expense from joint ventures
and associates. Further, the amount of interest capitalised on projects
declined overall as major projects came on-stream in 2011, partly
offset by the development of new projects. These effects were partly
offset by higher interest income

Foreign exchange losses of $189 million in 2013 (2012: gains of
$169 million; 2011: losses of $77 million) were mainly due to the
impact of exchange rates on non-functional currency loans and cash
balances in operating units

Other earnings increased by $764 million in 2013 compared with
2012, mainly due to a Danish tax credit and the recharge to the
business segments of certain costs which were previously reported in
Corporate. In 2012, other earnings were $174 million lower than in
2011, mainly due to increased costs partly offset by higher tax credits


--- Page 43 ---

48 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES

We manage our businesses to deliver strong cash flows to fund
investment for profitable growth. Our aim is that, across the business
cycle, “cash in" {including cash from operations and divestments) at
least equals “cash out” {including capital investment, interest and
dividends}, while maintaining a strong balance sheet.

A key measure of our capital structure management is the proportion of
debt to equity. Across the business cycle we aim to manage gearing
(net debt as a percentage of total capital (net debt plus total equity))
within the range of 0-30%. During 2013, gearing ranged from 9.1%
to 16.1% (2012: 8.6% to 13.9%, as restated for the retrospective
application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits]. See Note 15 to the
“Consolidated Financial Statements"

With respect to the objective of maintaining a strong balance sheet,
our priorities for applying our cash are servicing debt commitments,
paying dividends, investing for organic and inorganic growth, and

returning surplus cash to our shareholders.

OVERVIEW

The most significant factors affecting our operating cash flow are
earnings and movements in working capital, which are mainly
impacted by: realised prices for crude oil and natural gas; production
levels of crude oil and natural gas; and refining and marketing
margins.

Since the contribution of Upstream to earnings is larger than that of
Downstream, changes affecting Upstream — particularly changes in
realised crude oil and natural gas prices and production levels — have
the largest impact on Shell’s operating cash flow. While Upstream
benefits from higher realised crude oil and natural gas prices, the
extent of such benefit (and the extent of an impact from a decline in
these prices) depends on: the extent to which contractual arrangements
are tied to market prices; the dynamics of production-sharing contracts;
the existence of agreements with governments or national oil and gas
companies that have limited sensitivity to crude oil prices; tax impacts;
and the extent to which changes in commodity prices flow through into
operating costs. Changes in benchmark prices of crude oil and natural
gas in any particular period therefore provide only a broad indicator
of changes in Upstream earnings experienced in that period. In the

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

longer term, replacement of proved oil and gas reserves will affect our
ability to maintain or increase production levels in Upstream, which in
turn will affect our cash flow and earnings

In Downstream, changes in any one of a range of factors derived from
either within the industry or the broader economic environment can
influence margins. The precise impact of any such changes depends
on how the oil markets respond to them. The market response is
affected by factors such as: whether the change affects all crude oil
types or only a specific grade; regional and global crude-oil and
refined-products inventories; and the collective speed of response of
the industry refiners and product marketers in adjusting their operations.
As a result, refinery and marketing margins fluctuate from region to
region and from period to period. Downstream earnings are reported
on a current cost of supplies basis, which excludes the effect of
changes in the oil price on inventory carrying amounts. However, cash
flow from operations is not affected by the reporting basis.

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Net cash from operating activities in 2013 was $40.4 billion, a
decrease from $46.1 billion in 2012. This decrease mainly reflected
the reduction in earnings and lower dividends from joint ventures and
associates. In 2011, net cash from operating activities was
$36.8 billion. The increase in 2012 compared with 2011
reflected movements in working capital

mainly

Net cash used in investing activities was $40.1 billion in 2013, an
increase from $28.4 billion in 2012. The increase was mainly the
result of higher capital expenditure and lower proceeds from the sale
of assets. In 2011, net cash used in investing activities was $20.4
billion. The increase in 2012 compared with 2011 was mainly due to
higher capital expenditure and investments in joint ventures and
associates.

Net cash used in financing activities in 2013 was $9.0 billion (2012
$10.6 billion; 2011: $18.1 billion). This included payment of
dividends to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders of $7.2 billion (2012
$7.4 billion; 2011: $6.9 billion), repurchases of shares of $5.0
billion (2012: $1.5 billion; 2011: $1.1 billion) and interest paid of
$1.3 billion (2012: $1.4 billion; 2011: $1.7 billion), partly offset by
net debt issued of $5.4 billion (2012: issued debt offset by debt
repaid; 2011: net repayments of debt of $7.1 billion)

Cash and cash equivalents were $9.7 billion at December 31, 2013
(2012: $18.6 billion; 2011: $11.3 billion)

CASH FLOW INFORMATION [A] $ BILLIOI

2013 2012 2011

Net cash from operating activities excluding working capital movements
Upstream 28.8 32.9 33.3
Downstream 7.5 8.0 87
Corporate 1.2 1.8 1.2
Total 37.5 42.7 43.2
Decrease/(increase) in inventories 0.6 (1.7) (1.9)
Decrease/(increase) in accounts receivable 5.6 14.1 (10.1)
(Decrease)/increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities (3.3) (9.0) 5.6
Decrease/(increase) in working capital 29 3.4 (6.4)
Net cash from operating activities 40.4 46.1 36.8
Net cash used in investing activities (40.1) (28.4) (20.4)
Net cash used in financing activities (9.0) (10.6) (18.1)
Currency translation differences relating to cash and cash equivalents (0.2) 0.2 {0.4}
(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (8.9) 7.3 {2.1}
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 18.6 11.3 13.4
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year o7 18.6 11.3

[A] See the “Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows"


--- Page 44 ---

49 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY

Our financial position is strong. In 2013, we generated a return on
average capital employed (ROACE) of 7.9% (see “Return on average
capital employed” in this section) and yearend gearing was 16.1%
(2012: 9.8%, as restated). We returned $11.3 billion to our
shareholders through dividends in 2013. Some of those dividends
were paid out as 125.6 million shares issued to shareholders who had
elected to receive new shares instead of cash. To offset the dilution
created by the issuance of those shares, 144.9 million shares were
repurchased and cancelled as part of our share buyback programme.

The size and scope of our businesses require a robust financial control
framework and effective management of our various risk exposures
Financial turbulence in the eurozone and the USA, and other
international events continue to put significant stress on the business
environment in which we operate

Our treasury and trading operations are highly centralised, and seek to
manage credit exposures associated with our substantial cash, foreign
exchange and commodity positions

We diversify our cash investments across a range of financial
instruments and counterparties in an effort to avoid concentrating risk in
any one type of investment or country. We carefully monitor our
investments and adjust them in light of new market information

Exposure to failed financial and trading counterparties was not
material in 2013 (see Note 20 to the "Consolidated Financial
Statements”)

Total employer contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in
2013 were $2.6 billion (2012: $2.3 billion) and are estimated to be
$2 billion in 2014, reflecting current funding levels. See Notes 3 and
18 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to $9.7 billion at the end of
2013 (2012: $18.6 billion). Cash and cash equivalents are held in
various currencies but primarily in dollars, euros and sterling. Total
debt increased by $6.8 billion in 2013 to $44.6 billion at
December 31, 2013. The total debt outstanding (excluding leases} at
December 31, 2013, will mature as follows: 21% in 2014; 12% in
2015; 10% in 2016; 10% in 2017; and 47% in 2018 and beyond
The debt maturing in 2014 is expected to be repaid from a
combination of cash balances and cash generated from operations

We also maintain a $7.48 billion committed credit facility that was
undrawn as at December 31, 2013. This facility was put in place in
December 2013, and replaced a $5.1 billion facility; it expires in
2018 but may, by mutual agreement, be extended for a further one or
two years.

We believe our current working capital is sufficient for present
requirements. We satisfy our funding and working capital requirements
from the cash generated by our businesses and through the issuance of
external debt. Our external debt is principally financed from the
international debt capital markets through central debt programmes
consisting of.

= a $10 billion global commercial paper (CP) programme, exempt
from registration under section 3 (a}(3) of the US Securities Act of
1933, with maturities not exceeding 270 days;

= a $10 billion CP programme, exempt from registration under section
A(2) of the US Securities Act of 1933, with maturities not exceeding
397 days;

= $25 billion euro medium+term note (EMTN) programme; and

= an unlimited US universal shelf (US shelf} registration

STRATEGIC REPORT

UQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

All CP, EMTN and US shelf issuances have been undertaken by Shell
International Finance B.V., the issuance company for Shell, and are
guaranteed by Royal Dutch Shell ple

Further information is included in Note 15 to the “Consolidated
Financial Statements”

In 2013, we took advantage of favourable market conditions,
including historically low interest rates, to pre-finance bond maturities in
2014 and issued $7.75 billion of long-term bonds under the US shelf
registration. Periodically, for working capital purposes, we issued
commercial paper (2012: we issued commercial paper and $4.25
billion of long-term bonds)

Our $7.48 billion committed credit facility and internally available
liquidity provide back-up coverage for commercial paper. Other than
certain borrowings in local subsidiaries, we do not have any other
committed credit facilities. We consider additional facilities to be
neither necessary nor costeffective for financing purposes, given our
size, credit rating and cash-generative nature

The maturity profile of our outstanding commercial paper is actively
managed in an effort to ensure that the amount of commercial paper
maturing within 30 days remains consistent with the level of supporting

liquidity

While our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions, such as foreign
withholding taxes on the transfer of funds in the form of cash dividends,
loans or advances, such restrictions are not expected to have a
material impact on our ability to meet our cash obligations

The consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges of Shell for each of
five years ended December 31, 2009-2013, is as follows:

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

2013 2012 2011 2010 2009

Ratio of earnings to fixed

charges [A] 20.11 31.12 35.71 21.75 12.90

[A] The ratio for 2012 and 2011 have been restated for the retrospective application of
revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to
the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

For the purposes of the table above, earnings consist of pre-tax income
from continuing operations (before adjustment for non-controlling
interest) plus fixed charges (excluding capitalised interest) less
undistributed income of joint ventures and associates. Fixed charges
consist of expensed and capitalised interest (excluding accretion
expense] plus interest within rental expenses (for operating leases)
Refer to “Exhibit 7.1” regarding the calculation of the ratio of earnings
to fixed charges

CAPITALISATION TABLE $ MILLIO

Dec31, 2013 Dec 31, 2012[A]
Equity attributable to Royal Dutch
Shell ple shareholders 180,047 174,749
Current debt 8,344 7,833
Non-current debt 36,218 29,921
Total debt [B] 14,562 37,754
Total capitalisation 224,609 212,503

[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted
with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”
[B] Of total debt, $40.0 billion (2012: $33.4 billion] was unsecured and $4.6 billion (201 2:
$4.4 billion) was secured. Further disclosure on debt, including the amount guaranteed by
Royal Dutch Shell plc, is in Note 15 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"


--- Page 45 ---

50 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
CONTINUED

DIVIDENDS

Our policy is to grow the US dollar dividend through time in line with
our view of Shell's underlying earnings and cash flow. When setting
the dividend, the Board of Directors looks at a range of factors,
including the macro environment, the current balance sheet and future
investment plans. We have announced an interim dividend in respect
of the fourth quarter of 2013 of $0.45 per share, a 4.7% increase
compared with the US dollar dividend for the same quarter of 2012
Shareholders have a choice to receive dividends in cash or in shares
via our Scrip Dividend Programme. The Board expects that the
firstquarter 2014 interim dividend will be $0.47 per share, an
increase of 4.4% compared with the US dollar dividend for the same
quarter of 2013

NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT

Our net capital investment was $44.3 billion in 2013 (2012

$29.8 billion; 2011: $23.5 billion). Of the total net capital
investment, $39.2 billion (2012: $25.3 billion; 2011: $19.1 billion)
related to Upstream; $4.9 billion (2012: $4.3 billion; 2011

$4.3 billion) to Downstream; and $0.2 billion (2012: $0.2 billion;
2011: $0.1 billion) to Corporate

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

Our 2013 net capital investment comprised $46.0 billion of capital
investment (2012: $36.8 billion; 2011: $31.1 billion) less

$1.7 billion of divestment proceeds (2012: $7.0 billion; 2011

$7.5 billion)

See Note 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

PURCHASES OF SECURITIES

On May 21, 2013, the shareholders approved an authority, which
will expire at the end of the 2014 Annual General Meeting (AGM), for
the Company to repurchase up to 637 million of its shares. In
accordance with a similar authority granted at the 2012 AGM, a
share buyback programme was commenced in that year to offset the
dilution created by the issuance of shares under our Scrip Dividend
Programme. All of the shares purchased under the buyback programme
are cancelled. A resolution will be proposed at the 2014 AGM to
renew authority for the Company to purchase its own share capital up
to specified limits for another year. Shares are also purchased by the
employee share ownership trusts (see the “Directors Report") to meet
delivery commitments under employee share plans. All share purchases
are made in open-market transactions.

The table below provides information on purchases of shares in 2013
and up to February 18, 2014, by the issuer and affiliated purchasers
Purchases in euros and sterling are converted to dollars using the
exchange rate at each transaction date

PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS [A]

A shares B shares AADSs
Number Number Number
purchased Weighted purchased Number Weighted purchased Weighted
for employee average for employee purchased average for employee average
Purchase period share plans price ($][8] share plans __forcancellation{C] __price ($)[8] _ share plans price ($)[8]
2013
January - - - - - 928,694 69.05
February - - - 918,000 33.77 - -
March - - - 18,099,118 33.96 - -
April - - - 18,538,393 33.66 - -
May - - - 19,640,965 35.42 - -
June 11,698,725 32.34 - 17,353,042 33.91 2,829,012 65.92
July 533,092 31.65 - 18,760,729 34.73 - -
August - - 6,072,618 10,564,148 33.83 - -
September - - 382,500 15,126,144 34.54 - -
October - - - 7,816,471 34.87 - -
November - - - 10,781,669 35.28 - -
December - - 7 277 323 35.31 - -
Total 2013 12,231,817 32.31 6,455,118 144,876,002 34.45 3,757,706 66.70
2014
January - - - 10,838,990 37.58 938,671 70.8
February - - - 9,416,625 37.33 - -
Total 2014 [D] - - - 20,255,615 37.46 938,671 70.8

[A] Excludes shares issued to affiliated purchasers pursuant to the Scrip Dividend Programme.
8] Average price paid per share includes stamp duty and brokers’ commission
C] Under the share buyback programme.

D] As at February 18, 2014


--- Page 46 ---

51 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The table below summarises Shell's principal contractual obligations at
December 31, 2013, by expected settlement period. The amounts
presented have not been offset by any committed third-party revenue in
relation to these obligations

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS $ BILLION

Less Between Between 5 years
than land3  3and5 and
1 year years years later Total
Debt [A] 7.9 8.7 10.1 12.0 38.7
Finance leases [B] 0.9 1.6 14 5.1 90
Operating leases [C] 5.8 89 6.1 1.7 32.5
Purchase obligations [D] 158.1 69.2 34.9 158.4 420.6
Other long-term
contractual liabilities [E] - 1.3 0.2 0.3 «1.8
Total 172.7 89.7 52.7 187.5 502.6

[A] Contractual repayments excluding $5.1 billion of finance lease obligations. See Note 15
to the "Consolidated Financial Statements

[8] Includes interest. See Note 15 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements

[C] See Note 15 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements

[D} Includes all significant items, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed,
minimum or any agreement to purchase goods and services that is enforceable, legally binding
and specifies variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the purchase.

[E] Includes all obligations included in “Trade and other payables” in "Non-current liabilities’
on the “Consolidated Balance Sheet” that are contractually fixed as fo timing and amount. In
addition fo these amounts, Shell has ceriain obligations that are not contractually fixed as to
timing and amount, including contributions to defined benefit pension plans (see Note 18 to
the “Consolidated Financial Statements”) and obligations associated with decommissioning
and restoration (see Note 19 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements")

The table above excludes interest expense related to debt, which is
estimated to be $1.2 billion payable in less than one year,

$2.0 billion payable between one and three years, $1.6 billion
payable between three and five years, and $7.1 billion payable in
five years and later. For this purpose, we assume that interest rates with
respect to variable interest rate debt remain constant and that there is
no change in the aggregate principal amount of debt other than
repayment at scheduled maturity as reflected in the table

GUARANTEES AND OTHER OFF-BALANCE SHEET
ARRANGEMENTS

Guarantees at December 31, 2013, were $3.1 billion (2012
$3.3 billion). This includes $2.2 billion (2012: $2.2 billion) of
guarantees of debt of joint ventures and associates, for which the
largest amount outstanding during 2013 was $2.2 billion (2012
$2.2 billion)

RETURN ON AVERAGE CAPITAL EMPLOYED
ROACE measures the efficiency of Shell's utilisation of the capital that it
employs. In this calculation, ROACE is defined as income for the

STRATEGIC REPORT

UQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

period adjusted for after-tax interest expense as a percentage of the
average capital employed for the period. Capital employed consists of
total equity, current debt and non-current debt. The tax rate is derived
from calculations at the published segment level

CALCULATION OF RETURN ON AVERAGE

CAPITAL EMPLOYED $ MILLION
2013 2012[A] 201A]
Income for the period 16,526 26,960 31,093
Interest expense after tax 808 938 769
Income before interest expense 17,334 27,898 31,862
Capital employed — opening 213,936 197,141 186,552
Capital employed — closing 225,710 213,936 197,141
Capital employed — average 219,823 205,539 191,847
ROACE 7% 13.6% 16.60%

[A] Restated for the retrospective application of revised IAS 19 Employee Benefits, adopted
with effect from January 1, 2013. See Note 28 fo the “Consolidated Financial Statements”

In 2013, about 31% of our average capital employed was not
generating any revenue, which reduced our ROACE by approximately
4%. These assets included projects being developed and exploration
acreage

FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ROYAL
DUTCH SHELL DIVIDEND ACCESS TRUST

The results of operations and financial position of the Royal Dutch Shell
Dividend Access Trust (the Trust) are included in the consolidated results
of operations and financial position of Shell. Certain condensed
financial information in respect of the Trust is given below. See "Royal
Dutch Shell Dividend Access Trust Financial Statements” for separate
financial statements for the Trust.

For the years 2013, 2012 and 2011 the Trust recorded income
before tax of £2,361 million, £2,383 million and £2,175 million
respectively. In each period this reflected the amount of dividends
received on the dividend access share

At December 31, 2013, the Trust had total equity of £nil (2012: £nil;
2011: £nil), reflecting cash of £1,333,658 (2012: £1,202,271;
2011: £997,987) and unclaimed dividends of £1,333,658 (2012
£1,202,271; 2011: £997,987). The Trust only records a liability for
an unclaimed dividend, and a corresponding amount of cash, to the
extent that cheques expire, which is one year after their issuance, or to
the extent that they are returned unpresented


--- Page 47 ---

52 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

OUR PEOPLE

Our people are central to our aim of being the world’s most
competitive and innovative energy company. We recruit, train and
recompense according to a people strategy based on three priorities:
resourcing and developing talent now and in the future; strengthening
leadership and professionalism; and enhancing individual and
organisational performance

EMPLOYEE OVERVIEW

During 2013, Shell employed an average of 92,000 people in more
than 70 countries. We continued to recruit externally to execute our
strategy and growth plans for the future, hiring approximately

1,200 graduates and 3,200 experienced professionals. The majority
of each came from technical disciplines. More than 30% of our
graduate recruits came from universities outside Europe and the
Americas in response to increasing demand for skilled people in other
regions

The table below shows our average employee numbers by
geographical area. The increase in 2013 compared with 2012
reflects our growth strategy in Asia and North America, as well as the
impact of IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, which resulted in the inclusion of
the Shell share of the employees of certain additional joint operations
from January 1, 2013

EMPLOYEES BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

(AVERAGE NUMBERS) THOUSAND
2013 2012 2011

Europe 25 24 25
Asia 27 25 24
Oceania 3 3 3
Africa 3 3 6
North America 31 29 28
South America 3 3 4
Total 92 87 90

EMPLOYEE COMMUNICATION AND INVOLVEMENT
Shell strives to create and maintain a healthy employee relations
climate, in which two-way dialogue between management and staff —
directly and, where appropriate, via employee representative bodies —
is important and embedded in our work practices. On a quarterly
basis, senior management briefs employees on Shell's operational and
financial results through various channels, including team meetings,
face-to-face gatherings, a personal email from the Chief Executive
Officer, webcasts and online publications

The Shell People Survey is one of the principal tools used to measure
employee engagement: the degree of affiliation and commitment to
Shell. It provides insights into employees’ views, and has had a
consistently high response rate. The average employee engagement
score in 2013 was 80% favourable, a three-point increase from
2012

We promote safe reporting of views about our processes and
practices. In addition to local channels, our global telephone helpline
and website enable employees to report potential breaches of the
Shell General Business Principles and Code of Conduct, confidentially
and anonymously.

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

We have a culture that embraces diversity and fosters inclusion. By
embedding these principles in our operations, we have a better
understanding of the needs of our varied customers, partners and
stakeholders throughout the world and can benefit from a wider talent

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

pool. We provide equal opportunity in recruitment, career
development, promotion, training and reward for all employees,
including those with disabilities. Where possible, we make reasonable
adjustments in job design and provide appropriate training for
employees who have become disabled

We actively monitor representation of women and local nationals in
senior leadership positions, and have talentdevelopment processes to
support us in delivering more diverse representation. At the end of
2013, the proportion of women in senior leadership positions was
17.2% compared with 16.2% in 2012. In 32% of the countries where
Shell subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are based, local
nationals filled more than half of the senior leadership positions,
compared with 42% of those countries in 2012. From 2014, we will
no longer apply this metric, as it does not reflect expatriation of local
nationals for talent development purposes. Instead, we will start using
a revised metric that better represents our activities in this respect

Senior leadership positions is a Shell measure based on senior salary
group levels and is distinct from the term “senior manager” in the

statutory disclosures set out below.

GENDER DIVERSITY DATA

(AT DECEMBER 31, 2013) BER
Men. Women

Directors of the Company 10 91% 1 9%
Senior managers [A] 865 80% 217 20%
Employees (thousands) 67 71% 27 29%

[A] Senior manager is defined in section 414C|9) of the Companies Act 2006 and
accordingly the number disclosed comprises the Executive Commitiee members who were not
Directors of the Company as well as other directors of Shell subsidiaries.

EMPLOYEE SHARE PLANS

Shell has a number of share plans designed to align employees’
interests with Shell’s performance through share ownership. For
information on the share-based compensation plans for Executive
Directors, see the “Directors’ Remuneration Report”

Performance Share Plan

The Performance Share Plan (PSP) was introduced in 2005
Conditional awards of the Company's shares are made under the
terms of the PSP to some 15,000 employees each year. The extent to
which the awards vest is determined over a three-year performance
period. Half of the award is linked to the key performance indicators
described in “Performance Indicators", averaged over the period. The
other half of the award is linked to a comparison with four of our main
competitors over the period on the basis of four relative performance
measures. All shares that vest are increased by an amount equal to the
notional dividends accrued on those shares during the period from the
award date to the vesting date. None of the awards results in
beneficial ownership until the shares vest. See Note 22 to the
“Consolidated Financial Statements”

Restricted Share Plan

Under the Restricted Share Plan, awards are made on a highly
selective basis to senior staff. Shares are awarded subject to a three-
year retention period. All shares that vest are increased by an amount
equal to the notional dividends accrued on those shares during the
period from the award date to the vesting date

Global Employee Share Purchase Plan

Eligible employees in participating countries may participate in the
Global Employee Share Purchase Plan. This plan enables them to
make contributions from net pay towards the purchase of the
Company's shares ata 15% discount to the market price either at the
start or at the end of an annual cycle - whichever date offers the lower
market price.


--- Page 48 ---

53 SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2013

UK Sharesave Scheme

Eligible employees of participating companies in the UK may
participate in the UK Sharesave Scheme. Options are granted over the
Company's shares at market value on the invitation date. These options
are normally exercisable after completion of a three-year or five-year
contractual savings period

UK Shell All Employee Share Ownership Plan

Eligible employees of participating companies in the UK may
participate in the Shell All Employee Share Ownership Plan, under
which monthly contributions from gross pay are made towards the
purchase of the Company's shares

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR PEOPLE


--- Page 49 ---

54 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

Our success in business depends on our ability to meet a range of
environmental and social challenges. We must show we can operate safely
and manage the effect our activities can have on neighbouring communities
and society as a whole. If we fail to do this, we may incur liabilities or
sanctions, lose opportunities to do business, our reputation as a company
may be harmed, and our licence to operate may be impacted.

The Shell General Business Principles include a commitment to
sustainable development that involves balancing short and long-term
interests, and integrating economic, environmental and social aspects
into our business decisions. We have rigorous standards and a firm
governance structure in place to help manage potential impacts. We
also work with communities, business partners, non-governmental
organisations and other bodies to address potential impacts and share
the benefits of our operations and projects.

Data in this section are reported on a 100% basis in respect of activities
where we are the operator. Reporting on this operational control basis
differs from that applied for financial reporting purposes in the
"Consolidated Financial Statements”. Detailed data and information on
our 2013 environmental and social performance will be published in
April 2014 in the Shell Sustainability Report.

SAFETY

Sustaining our licence to operate depends on maintaining the safety
and reliability of our operations. We manage safety risk across our
businesses through controls and compliance systems combined with a
safety-focused culture. Our global standards and operating procedures
define the controls and physical barriers we require to prevent
incidents. For example, our offshore wells are designed with at least
two independent barriers to mitigate the risk of an uncontrolled release
of hydrocarbons. We regularly inspect, test and maintain these barriers
to ensure they meet our standards. We also routinely prepare and
practise our emergency response to potential incidents such as an oil
spill or a fire. This involves working closely with local agencies to
jointly test our plans and procedures. The tests continually improve our
readiness to respond. If an incident does occur, we have procedures
in place to reduce the impact on people and the environment

We continue to strengthen the safety culture among our employees and
contractors. We expect everyone working for us to intervene and stop
work that may appear to be unsafe. In addition to our ongoing safety
awareness programmes, we hold an annual global safety day to give
workers time to reflect on how to prevent incidents. We expect
everyone working for us to comply with our 12 mandatory Life-Saving
Rules. If employees break these rules, they will face disciplinary action
up to and including termination of employment. If contractors break the
Life-Saving Rules, they can be removed from the worksite.

CLIMATE CHANGE

Growth in energy demand means that all sources of energy will be
needed over the longer term. With hydrocarbons forecast to provide
the bulk of the energy needed over coming decades, policymakers are
focusing on regulations that balance energy demand with
environmental concerns. The management of emissions of carbon
dioxide (CO,) will become increasingly important as concerns over
climate change lead to tighter environmental regulation

We already assess potential costs associated with CO emissions
when evaluating projects. But in the years to come, governments may
impose a price on CO, emissions that all companies will have to
incorporate in their investment plans, and may also require companies
to apply technical measures to reduce their CO2 emissions. This could
result in higher energy, product and project costs. Currently enacted,
proposed and future legislation are also expected to increase the cost

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

of doing business. Furthermore, in our own operations, we are working
to understand the potential physical impact of climate change in the
future on our facilities and new projects

As energy demand increases and easily accessible oil and gas resources
decline, we are developing resources that require more energy and
require advanced technology to produce. As our production becomes
more energy intensive, we expect there will be an associated increase in
the direct CO2 emissions from the Upstream facilities we operate

We are seeking cost-effective ways to manage CO, emissions and
see potential business opportunities in developing such solutions. Our
main contributions to reducing CO» emissions are in four areas:
supplying more natural gas; supplying more biofuels; progressing
carbon capture and storage (CCS) technologies; and implementing
energy efficiency measures in our operations

According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), nearly onesthird of the
world’s CO. emissions come from power generation. For many countries,
using more gas in power generation instead of coal can make the largest
contribution, at the lowest cost, to meeting their emission reduction
objectives this decade. We expect that, in combination with renewables
and use of CCS, natural gas will be essential for significantly lower CO>
emissions beyond 2020. With Shell's leading position in LNG and new
technologies for recovering natural gas from tight rock formations, we can
supply natural gas to replace coal in power generation

We believe that low-carbon biofuels are one of the most viable ways
to reduce CO, from transport fuels in the coming years. Our Raizen
joint venture in Brazil produces low-carbon biofuel from sugar cane
We are also investing in research to help develop and commercialise
advanced biofuels.

The IEA has stated that CCS could contribute around 15% of the CO2
mitigation effort required by 2050. To advance CCS technologies, Shell
is involved in CCS projects including the Quest project in Canada, the
Mongstad test centre in Norway, and the Gorgon CO, injection project
in Australia. In 2012, we submitted a proposal for a project in
Peterhead, in the UK, to store CO, in a depleted gas reservoir in the
North Sea. In 2014, Shell signed an agreement with the UK government
to progress detailed design of the Peterhead CCS project. It could
potentially capture and store around 10 million tonnes of CO, over 10
years from a gasfired power station. The current projects are part of an
important demonstration phase for CCS, during which government
support is essential. Initiatives such as the United Nations’ acceptance of
CCS as an offsetting activity under the Clean Development Mechanism
are a positive step in progressing such technologies.

We continue to work on improving energy efficiency at our oil and gas
production projects, oil refineries and chemical plants. Measures
include our COz and energy management programme that focuses on
the efficient operation of existing equipment by using monitoring
systems which give us instant information that we can use to make
energy-saving changes.

In addition, we work to help our customers conserve energy and
reduce their CO, emissions, including through the development and
sale of advanced fuels and lubricants

The flaring, or burning off, of gas in our Upstream business contributed to
our overall greenhouse gas emissions in 2013. The majority of this
flaring takes place at facilities where there is no infrastructure to capture
the gas produced with oil, known as associated gas. Most of the
continuous flaring takes place in Nigeria, where the security situation
and lack of partner funding continues to slow progress on projects to
capture associated gas. The Shell Petroleum Development Company of
Nigeria Ltd (SPDC) has a multi-year programme in place to install new
gas-gathering facilities and repair existing facilities damaged during the


--- Page 50 ---

55 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

militant crisis of 2006 to 2009, although progress in 2013 was
hindered due to deterioration of the security situation in the Niger Delta
SPDC is also working on projects to further reduce flaring. Progress will
depend on continued partner support, the local security conditions and
the development of an effective market for gas in Nigeria

In line with increased oil production, the amount of flaring of natural gas
produced with oil at Majnoon, in Iraq, increased during 2013. We
expect gas flaring from these operations to continue to rise in coming
years as oil production increases. We are working with our jointventure
partners to evaluate options to capture the gas that is flared during
operations, for use in power generation. In May 2013, the Basrah Gas
Company (BGC) commenced operations in the south of lrag. BGC is a
joint venture between Shell, South Gas Company and Mitsubishi
Corporation. It is the largest gas project in Iraq's history and the world’s
largest flaring reduction project. BGC aims to capture associated gas
that is currently being flared from three non-operated oil fields in southern
Iraq (Rumaila, West Qurna 1 and Zubair) for use in the domestic market.

Greenhouse gas emissions data are provided below in accordance
with UK regulations introduced in 2013. Greenhouse gas emissions
comprise carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons,
perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride. The data are calculated
using locally regulated methods where they exist. Where there is no
locally regulated method, the data are calculated using the 2009 API
Compendium which is the recognised industry standard under the
GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. There
are inherent limitations to the accuracy of such data. Oil and gas
industry guidelines (IPIECA/API/OGP) indicate that a number of
sources of uncertainty can contribute to the overall uncertainty of a
corporate emissions’ inventory

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS 2013

Emissions million tonnes of CO, equivalent
Direct [A] 73
Energy indirect [B] 10
Intensity ratios tonne/tonne
All facilities [C] 0.22
Downstream refineries [D] 0.30
Upstream facilities [E] 0.12

[A] Emissions from the combustion of fuel and the operation of facilities

[8] Emissions from the purchase of electricity, heat, steam and cooling for our own use:

[C] In tonnes of total direct and energy indirect emissions per tonne of crude oil and feedstocks
processed and petrochemicals produced in Downstream manufacturing, and oil and gas
produced and gas processed by gasioliquid facilities in Upstream. The regulations require the
reporting of a ratio which expresses the annual emissions in relation to a quantifiable factor
associated with our activities. However, oil and gas industry guidelines (IPIECA/API/OGP}
siate that only presenting normalised environmental performance data separately for different
business activities would generally provide meaningful information. As a result, we are also
reporting the most appropriate ratio for our Downstream and Upstream businesses

[D] In tonnes of direct and energy indirect emissions per tonne of crude oil and feedstocks
processed. The ratio includes chemical planis where they are integrated with refineries.

[E] In tonnes of direct and energy indirect emissions per tonne of ail and gas produced. The
ratio excludes gastotiquids facilities.

SPILLS

Large spills of crude oil, oil products and chemicals associated with
our operations can result in major clean-up costs as well as fines and
other damages. They can also affect our licence to operate and harm
our reputation. We have clear requirements and procedures designed
to prevent spills, and multibillion dollar programmes are underway to
maintain or improve our facilities and pipelines

Shell business units are responsible for organising and executing oil
spill responses in line with Shell guidelines as well as with national
legislation. All our offshore installations have plans in place to respond
to a spill. These plans detail response strategies and techniques,
available equipment, and trained personnel and contacts. We are

STRATEGIC REPORT

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

able to call upon significant resources such as containment booms,
collection vessels and aircraft. We are also able to draw upon the
contracted services of oil spill response organisations, if required. We
conduct regular exercises to ensure these plans remain effective.

Shell is a founding member of the Marine Well Containment
Company, a non-profit industry consortium to provide a containment
response system for the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, Shell is operating
the Subsea Well Response Project, an industry cooperative effort to
enhance global well-containment capabilities

Shell also maintains site-specific emergency response plans in the event
of an onshore spill. Like the offshore response plans, these are
designed to meet Shell guidelines as well as relevant legal and
regulatory requirements. They also provide for the initial assessment of
incidents and the mobilisation of resources needed to manage them

In 2013, the number of operational spills of more than 100 kilograms
decreased to 174, down from 207 in 2012. The number for 2012
was updated to 207 from 204 to reflect the completion of
investigations into spills. At the end of February 2014, there were six
spills under investigation in Nigeria that may result in adjustments.

Although oil spills in Nigeria resulting from sabotage and theft of crude
oil remain a significant challenge, there are instances where spills
occur in our operations due to operational failures, accidents or
corrosion. SPDC has been working to reduce operational spills that are
under its control. It maintains a public website to track the response,
investigation and clean-up of every spill from its facilities due to
operational failure, sabotage or theft

In 2011, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) released a
study of oil spills in Ogoniland, where SPDC operated until 1993. SPDC
accepted the recommendations of the UNEP report, and has established
an independent scientific advisory panel to review SPDC practices in the
rehabilitation and remediation of oil spill sites in the Niger Delta. In July
2012, the Federal Government of Nigeria established the Hydrocarbon
Pollution Restoration Project — an essential first step to implement the
recommendations of the UNEP report. Since the release of the UNEP
report, SPDC has investigated the 15 sites identified in the report and,
where required, they have been remediated despite cases of
re-contamination from oil theft and illegal refining. The sites were
subsequently certified by the local regulatory body as being in
compliance with both soil and groundwater remediation requirements. In
addition, SPDC has initiated a quarterly postcertification monitoring
process for all 15 sites designed to detect re-contamination in a timely
manner. SPDC has also undertaken a range of interim activities in
Ogoniland where it was free to do so, including helping fund the
provision of emergency water supplies and installing permanent water
facilities in one affected area, launching a community health outreach
programme across Ogoniland, and cleaning up a number of sites. The
response to the UNEP report requires a joint effort by all stakeholders,
and SPDC intends to play its full part.

HYDRAULIC FRACTURING

Over the last decade, we have expanded our onshore oil and gas
portfolio using advances in technology to access previously uneconomic
tightoil and gas resources, including those locked in shale formations.

One of the key technologies applied in tightoil and tight-gas fields is
known as hydraulic fracturing, a technique that has been used since
the 1950s. It involves pumping a mixture of water, sand and chemical
additives at very high pressure into a rock formation, creating tiny
fissures through which oil and gas can flow. To protect and isolate
potable groundwater from hydraulic-fracturing fluids in the wellbore,
we line our tightoil and tightgas wells with steel casing and cement.


--- Page 51 ---

56 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY
CONTINUED

All of our oil and gas wells are expected to have two or more
subsurface barriers to protect groundwater. We monitor a wellbore’s
integrity during and, in many cases, after hydraulic fracturing. When
we acquire assets, we evaluate the assets’ wells for conformity with our
safety and operating principles, and put in place a plan with a
timeline for rectifying any inconsistencies

We recycle or reuse as much water as we believe is reasonably
practical. We store, treat or dispose of water in accordance with
regulatory requirements.

To the extent allowed by our suppliers, Shell makes the material safety
data sheet information available for locations where wells are being
hydraulically fractured. Shell supports regulation to require suppliers to
release such information. The chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing
will vary from well to well and from contractor to contractor, but some
can be toxic. For that reason, we have stringent procedures for
handling hydraulic-fracturing chemicals in accordance with the design
and assurance processes described above. The formations into which
these additives may be injected are typically more than a thousand
metres below freshwater aquifers. Our procedures require that potable
groundwater must be isolated from well completion and production
activities. Moreover, we only use air, water or a water-based liquid
while drilling through the potable groundwater aquifer to a depth
considerably below the aquifer. The casing and cement are then put in
place before drilling is resumed and hydraulic fracturing is initiated

There have been reports linking hydraulic fracturing to earth tremors.
Most seismic events occur naturally due to motion along faults under
stress in the earth's crust. Some areas are more seismically active than
others. While around 1 million wells in the USA have been
hydraulically fractured, there have been relatively few reported cases
of seismicity detected at the surface near the time and vicinity of such
operations. Shell analyses publicly available seismic, geologic and
geophysical data to determine historical seismicity in areas where we
plan to operate, and if seismic activity beyond historic levels is
detected, we will investigate and review our operations.

Some jurisdictions are considering more stringent permitting, welk
construction and other regulations relating to fracturing, as well as
local bans and other land use restrictions. Such regulations could
subject our operations to delays, increased costs or prohibitions. We
have adopted a set of five operating principles for all our onshore
tightgas and oil activities. Our minimum current standards exceed the
existing regulatory requirements of most jurisdictions.

OIL SANDS

We are developing mineable oil sands resources in Alberta, Canada
We use warm water to remove bitumen, which is a heavy oil. Tailings
are the residual by-products that remain after the bitumen is separated
from the mined oil sands ore. They are composed of some residual
bitumen, water, sand, silt, heavy metals, and clay particles. Tailings
are stored in an above-ground tailings pond or in mined-out pits.
Tailings contain naturally occurring chemicals that are toxic. We
monitor them continuously, assess their potential environmental impact,
and take measures to protect wildlife and to prevent contamination of
surface water and groundwater. The tailings management areas at the
Athabasca Oil Sands Project's Muskeg River and Jackpine mines cover
an area of approximately 24 square kilometres.

The land that is mined must be reclaimed — for example, through
revegetation or reforestation — to a capability equivalent to that which
existed prior to development, as required by the Alberta government.

REPORTS. SHELL.COM

When dried, tailings are blended and treated to produce material
suitable for use in land reclamation. We continue to experience
challenges with regard to certain tailings that are fine and have a high
liquid content. We are working with the Alberta Energy Regulator to
ensure that we are in compliance with all oil sands regulatory
requirements, including those regarding tailings.

We also continue to work on tailings technology and collaborate with
research institutions and other operators to advance solutions and
ultimately accelerate the pace of land reclamation

In late 2010, we found water at the bottom of a section of a pit at the
Muskeg River Mine. The water was confirmed to be saline and to
originate from an aquifer below the mine pit. There has been no inflow
from or outflow to the aquifer since January 2012 and we continue to
work closely with industry experts to develop a permanent solution. The
water is contained within a segregated area in the pit

EXPLORATION IN ALASKA
We hold more than 410 federal leases for exploration in the Beaufort
and Chukchi seas in Alaska. We previously operated for almost

50 years in Alaska, including in both these seas, until 1998. We are
therefore familiar with these shallow waters and the hydrocarbon
reservoirs beneath them, which are of relatively low pressure. Our
preparations to explore for oil in 2012 followed a number of years of
work to lay the foundations for the responsible development of the
area's potential resources. We have worked closely with regulators,
local communities and other organisations as we move forward in the
face of a changing regulatory environment

To prepare for drilling off the coast of Alaska, we have developed a
thorough oil spill response capability that includes capping and
containment equipment, and oil spill response vessels.

In 2012, we completed tophole drilling operations. These were
conducted safely and in an environmentally responsible manner. This
work has prepared the ground for continued drilling. However, there
were challenges. For example, in consistently meeting all requirements of
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency air permits and in moving the Kulluk
drilling rig out of Alaska after the drilling season ended. In 2013, we
paused our exploration drilling activity in Alaska's Beaufort and Chukchi
seas to prepare equipment and plans fora resumption of activity.

The U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) is expected to issue a final report in
2014 on its Marine Casualty Investigation related to the grounding of
the Kulluk. The USCG and the U.S. Department of Justice are
conducting an investigation of potential marine pollution violations by
one of Shell’s drilling contractors. The timing of the conclusion and
outcome of these investigations is unknown

AUS Ninth Circuit Court decision against the Department of the
Interior in January 2014 raises obstacles to our plans for drilling
offshore Alaska. As a result, we have decided to suspend our
exploration programme for Alaska for 2014. We will look to relevant
agencies and the court to resolve their open legal issues as quickly as
possible, and review our options in going forward. If the legal and
regulatory obstacles are sufficiently resolved, the next steps of our
exploration programme will be determined by the readiness of our
offshore Alaska fleet and the timeline to secure necessary permits.

WATER

Global demand for fresh water is growing while access to fresh water
is becoming more constrained in some parts of the world. It is
estimated by the United Nations that by 2025 twothirds of the world’s
population will live in areas where the demand for fresh water exceeds
the available supply, or where the water's poor quality restricts its use.


--- Page 52 ---

57 ‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2013

As world energy demand rises, the energy industry is becoming one of
the larger industrial consumers of fresh water globally. Shell's water
footprint may expand in the future with the further development of shale
oil and gas, oil sands, and our biofuel business. A combination of
increasing demand for water resources, growing stakeholder
expectations and concerns, and water-related legislation may drive
actions that affect our ability to secure access to fresh water and to
discharge water from our operations.

At our major facilities in water-scarce areas, we are developing water
management plans that include ways to minimise water use and
increase water recycling

At our oil sands operations in Canada we use far less than our water
allocation from the Athabasca River, and we minimise the amount
withdrawn during the winter months, when the flow rate is low. We
also reduce the amount of fresh water needed in operations by
recycling water from the tailings ponds. About 80% of the water we
use is recycled, and we are investigating new ways to further reduce
fresh water intake

Our Pearl GTL plant in Qatar does not take fresh water from its arid
surroundings, and water produced in the GTL manufacturing process is
recycled in the operation

BIOFUELS

The international market for biofuels is growing, driven largely by the
introduction of new energy policies in Europe and the USA that call for
more renewable, lower-carbon fuels for transport. Shell predicts that
biofuels will increase from 3% of the global transport fuel mix today to
around 10% by 2050. Sustainable biofuels are expected to play an
increasingly important role in helping to meet our customers’ fuel needs
and reduce CO; emissions.

Sustainability challenges exist with today’s biofuels. These include
CO, emissions that vary according to the raw materials, and the
production and distribution processes used; competition with food
crops for available land; and labour rights

We are one of the world’s largest biofuels producers. We include our
own long-established sustainability clauses in our supply contracts
and, where possible, we source biofuels that have been certified
against internationally recognised sustainability standards. These
clauses are designed to prevent the sourcing of biofuels from suppliers
that may not abide by human rights guidelines, or that may have
cleared land rich in biodiversity

We are also developing our own capabilities to produce sustainable

biofuel components. The Raizen joint venture produces approximately
2 billion litres annually of ethanol from sugar cane in Brazil — the most
sustainable and costcompetitive of today’s biofuels. This ethanol can

reduce CO, emissions by around 70% compared with gasoline, from
cultivation of the sugar cane to using the ethanol as fuel

The jointventure agreement includes developing joint sustainability
principles, standards and operating procedures that also apply to third-
party suppliers. We also continue to work with industry, governments
and voluntary organisations towards the development of global
sustainability standards for biofuels.

We continue to invest in developing more advanced biofuels for the
future. These new technologies will take time to reach commercial
scale. Government support will be required to accelerate their speed
of development

ENVIRONMENTAL COSTS
We are subject to a variety of environmental laws, regulations and
reporting requirements in the countries where we operate. Infringing

STRATEGIC REPORT

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

any of these laws, regulations and requirements could result in
significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines, sanctions, and third-
party claims, as well as harm our ability to do business and our
reputation

Our ongoing operating expenses include the costs of avoiding
unauthorised discharges into the air and water, and the safe disposal
and handling of waste:

We place a premium on developing effective technologies that are
also safe for the environment. However, when operating at the
forefront of technology, there is always the possibility that a new
technology brings with it environmental impacts that have not been
assessed, foreseen or determined to be harmful, when originally
implemented. While we believe we take all reasonable precautions to
limit these risks, we are subject to additional remedial environmental
and litigation costs as a result of our operations’ unknown and
unforeseen impacts on the environment. Although these costs have so
far not been material to Shell, no assurance can be made that this will
always be the case

In this regard, as oil and gas fields mature, it is possible in certain
circumstances for seismic activity to increase based on the unique geology
of individual fields. For example, after more than 60 years of developing
the Groningen gas field in the Netherlands, seismic activity has recently
increased leading to measurable earth tremors. Our Dutch joint venture
will follow the production plan that is expected to be formally approved in
2014 by the Minister of Economic Affairs of the Netherlands.

NEIGHBOURING COMMUNITIES AND HUMAN RIGHTS
Earning the trust of local communities is essential to the success of our
projects and operations. We have global requirements for social
performance — how we perform in our relationship with communities.
The requirements set clear rules and expectations for how we engage
with and respect communities that may be impacted by our operations
Shell-operated major projects and facilities are required to have a
social performance plan. This helps the business to understand the
social context in which we plan to operate, identifies potential
negative effects on the community, and manages impacts. In addition,
we have specific requirements intended to minimise our impact on
indigenous peoples’ traditional lifestyles, and on handling involuntary
resettlement and community feedback

Shell has long been involved with developments in business and
human rights in line with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights. The Shell General Business Principles and Code of
Conduct require our employees and contractors to respect the human
rights of fellow workers and communities where we operate.

We have specific policies in place in areas across Shell's activities
where respect for human rights is particularly important to the way we
operate, such as communities, labour, procurement and security. We
also work with other companies and non-governmental organisations to
improve the way we apply these principles. Our approach to human
rights helps us operate in a responsible way, delivering projects
without delays and minimising the social impacts of our operations. It
also enables us to better share the benefits of our activities, such as
creating new jobs and contracts that help develop local economies

Strategic Report signed on behalf of the Board

/s/ Michiel Brandjes

Michiel Brandjes
Company Secretary
March 12, 2014
