

--- Page 1 ---

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provider of dialysis
products and services. Dialysis is a life-saving blood cleansing procedure
that substitutes the function of the kidney in case of kidney failure.

LEADING PROVIDER OF DIALYSIS
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

As a vertically integrated company, Fresenius Medical
Care offers products and services along the entire
dialysis value chain. Alongside the use of innovative
treatment concepts and the latest technologies, our
attention is increasingly focused on a holistic and
coordinated treatment approach. Therefore, we pro-
vide further medical services in addition to the actual
dialysis treatment. In the year under review, we ex-
panded our network for medical services mainly
through acquisitions and combined them under the
term “care coordination”. As a result, there are some
changes in our financial reporting. In the future we
will combine our dialysis services and care coordina-
tion revenues as health care services. Nevertheless,
the main part of our sales is still generated by dialysis
products and dialysis services.

We now care for over 286,000 dialysis pa-
tients in 3,361 proprietary dialysis clinics in more
than 45 countries worldwide. We are continuously
developing this network of clinics, which is the larg-
est and most international in the world, to accom-
modate the ever growing number of dialysis pa-
tients. At the same time, we operate 40 production
sites on all continents, making us the leading pro-
vider of dialysis products including dialysis machines,
dialyzers and disposable accessories. The most im-
portant plants for dialyzer production are in St. Wen-
del (Germany), Ogden (u.s.), Changshu (China),
L’Arbresle (France) and Buzen (Japan). We manufac-
ture dialysis machines in Schweinfurt (Germany)

— €.2.1

ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE

and Concord, California (U.s.). We also maintain
further manufacturing facilities worldwide which
generally cover local demand for dialysis products.
Further information on our production activities can
be found in the “Procurement and production”
chapter starting on page 70; a list of our major subsidiar-
ies can be found starting on page 243.

Fresenius Medical Care is organized regionally
and divided into the segments North America, EMEA
(Europe, Middle East, Africa), Latin America and
Asia-Pacific. Our business segments are grouped into
North America and International; the latter in turn
comprises the EMEA, Latin America and Asia-Pacific
regions see chart 2.1.

Fresenius Medical Care’s company headquar-
ters are in Bad Homburg, Germany. The headquarters
of North America, our most important region in terms
of revenue, are in Waltham, Massachusetts (U.s.). An
overview of Fresenius Medical Care’s main locations
can be found in chart 2.2 starting on page 38.

Management and control

Since February 2006, Fresenius Medical Care has had
the legal form of a partnership limited by shares
(Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien, KGaA). The
corporate structure of Fresenius Medical Care
AG & Co. KGaA as well as the company’s management
and supervisory structure are set out in the “Corpo-
rate governance report” starting on page 110. The members
of the management board are presented starting on page
21; information on the positions of the management
board and the supervisory board can be found starting
on page 239.

North America segment |4———_

=
FRESENIUS
“Y’ MEDICAL CARE

Creating a future worth living.
For patients. Worldwide. Every day.

|—»| international segment

> Europe, Middle East, Africa (EMEA)
> Latin America

> Asia-Pacific

f

Dialysis products
e.g, dialysis machines, dialyzers and bloodline systems

Health care services
» Dialysis services
>» Care coordination

37

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 2 ---

W
©

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

— €.2.2 MAJOR LOCATIONS

i S

Waltham, U.S.

North America
Dialysis products: 8%
Health care services: 92%

15,832

3,361

Clinics

Latin America

286,312 Dialysis products: 309

Health care services: 70%
Patients

America

Waltham, U.S
Regional headquarters North America

01 Ogden, U.S. 06 Reynosa, MX

Dialyzers Bloodline systems

02 Concord, U.S. 07 Guadalajara, MX

Dialysis machines Dialysis solutions

03 Toledo, U.S. 08 Santafé de Bogota, CO

Hemodialysis concentrates Dialysis solutions &

04 Montreal, CA hemodialysis concentrates

Hemodialysis concentrates 09 Jaguaridina, BR

05 Irving, US. Dialysis solutions &

Hemodialysis concentrates hemodialysis concentrates
10 Pilar, AR

Hemodialysis concentrates

Revenue in $M

42,744,977

Dialysis treatments

V Headquarters


--- Page 3 ---

99,895

Employees

0
é

Bad Homburg, GER

Asia-Pacific
Dialysis products
Health care service:

Europe, Middle East and Africa
Dialysis products: 53%
Health care services: 479

40

Production sites

Europe

Bad Homburg, GER
Company headquarters and regional headquarters

Asia-Pacific

Hong Kong, CN
Regional headquarters

for Europe, Middle East, Africa and Latin America Asia-Pacific

11 Schweinfurt, GER 16 Krems, AT 19 Inukai, JP

Dialysis machines Adsorbers Fiber bundles

12 St. Wendel, GER 17 ViSac, SRB 20 Buzen, JP

Dialyzers & dialysis solutions Dialyzers, hemodialysis concentrates & Dialyzers & dialysis solutions

13 L’Arbresle, FR bloodline systems 21 Changshu, CN

Dialyzers & hemodialysis concentrates 18 Antalya, TR Bloodline systems, dialyzers & hemodialysis

14 Palazzo Pignano, IT Bloodline systems

concentrates

Bloodline systems

15 Canosa, IT
Dialysis solutions

22 Ipoh, MY
Water treatment systems

23 Smithfield, AU
Hemodialysis concentrates

24 Scoresby, AU
Dialysis chairs

W
Xo)

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 4 ---

B
(o>)

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Reporting on the basis of U.s. GAAP
Fresenius Medical Care reports on the basis of u.s.
GaaP (United States Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles) with the u.s. dollar as the reporting cur-
rency. Furthermore, the company prepares reports in
accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS).

Our products and services

At the end of 2014, 2.665M patients regularly under-
went dialysis worldwide. Dialysis is a life-saving blood
cleansing procedure that substitutes the function of
the kidney in case of kidney failure. It removes toxins
and surplus water — which healthy individuals discard
through urination — from the body, as the patient's
kidneys can no longer fulfill this task. We distinguish
between two types of dialysis treatment: hemodialy-
sis (HD) and peritoneal dialysis (PD). In the case of HD,
a hemodialysis machine controls the flow of blood
from the patient by means of a dialyzer. With Pp, the
patient's peritoneum is used as a dialyzing membrane.
Fresenius Medical Care’s business encompasses both
therapy methods.

As a globally leading company, Fresenius
Medical Care offers dialysis services and products in
more than 120 countries around the world with a
focus on the following areas:

Hemodialysis — treatment in specialized clinics
Most dialysis patients undergo hemodialysis (HD) in
specialized clinics. HD is by far the most common type
of renal replacement therapy, accounting for around
89% of all cases worldwide. It requires the use of
special products, primarily hemodialysis machines
and dialyzers; these are connected to the device and
act as “artificial kidneys”, filtering toxic substances
and water from the patient's blood. Fresenius Medical
Care is the world’s leading manufacturer of these and
other dialysis products for use in both our own and
third-party clinics. Further information can be found
in the “Dialysis market” section starting on page 47 and in
the glossary starting on page 247.

Home dialysis — a niche market
The two types of home dialysis are peritoneal dialysis
(PD) — see glossary starting on page 247 — and home hemodial-
ysis. In the year under review, about 11% of all dialysis
patients worldwide underwent pp. Home hemodial-
ysis continues to be a niche market — at the end of
2014, only around 0.6% of all dialysis patients received
this treatment. We provided products to approxi-
mately 52,000 PD patients and more than 4,100 home

hemodialysis patients by the end of the reporting
year; as a result, around 18% of all pp patients and
approximately 26% of all home hemodialysis patients
use our dialysis products.

Acute dialysis — in case of a sudden loss
of renal function

Generally, dialysis patients suffer from chronic kidney
failure — a disorder which, in most cases, develops
gradually over many years. But in acute medical emer-
gencies, patients may also be in need of dialysis
because of rapid kidney failure, for instance after
a serious accident. Fresenius Medical Care offers
products and services for acute dialysis as well.

Dialysis drugs — expanding the product range
Usually, patients undergoing dialysis require medica-
tion to counteract anemia and to control their miner-
al metabolism. This chiefly includes agents to stimu-
late red blood cell production (e.g. erythropoietin,
EPO), iron compounds, phosphate binders, vitamin D
preparations and calcimimetics; see the glossary starting on
page 247.

As well as using dialysis drugs in our own
dialysis clinics, we sell them to third parties. We main-
ly obtain Epo and vitamin D from specialized providers.
In addition, we produce phosphate binders and iron
compounds in-house and in a joint venture with the
Swiss company Galenica. In 2014, Fresenius Medical
Care North America launched the phosphate binder
Velphoro (PA21) in the u.s. Velphoro was also ap-
proved for use in the EU in 2014. Dialysis drugs enable
us to expand our product portfolio horizontally be-
yond providing dialysis products and services; they
therefore fit in perfectly with our strategic focus.

Additional medical services — care coordination
Alongside our core business with dialysis products
and the treatment of dialysis patients, Fresenius
Medical Care maintains a network of additional med-
ical services. These include services relating to phar-
macy services, vascular, cardiovascular and endovas-
cular surgery services, non-dialysis laboratory testing
services, physician services, hospitalist and intensivist
services, non-dialysis health plan services and urgent
care services. In 2014, we continued to expand these
services, which we have combined under the heading
“care coordination”, among others with a majority
stake in Sound Inpatients Physicians, Inc. and the ac-
quisition of Cogent Healthcare. Both companies
maintain a network of hospitalists in the u.s. We also
invested further in vascular surgery in the u.s. by


--- Page 5 ---

taking over National Cardiovascular Partners (NCP). In
addition, we acquired the company MedSpring Ur-
gent Care Centers with centers for emergency outpa-
tient care. We plan to expand this network in the
future. Further information can be found in the
“Growth strategy 2020” section on page 43.

Major markets and competitive position

The largest provider of dialysis services
Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading provid-
er of dialysis services with a market share of about
11% based on the number of treated patients. As well
as providing services to the most dialysis patients, we
also operate more dialysis clinics than any other com-
pany: In 2014, we had 3,361 (2013: 3,250) clinics world-
wide. We treated 61% of our patients in North Amer-
ica, 19% in Europe, 11% in Latin America and 9% in
the Asia-Pacific region.

Market leader in dialysis products

Our dialysis products accounted for around 34% of
the global market in 2014 (2013: 34%), which means
that we are still the market leader in this area as well.
The market share of our key products — dialyzers and
dialysis machines — was even higher at around 44%
(2013: 43%) and around 50% (2013: 55%) respectively.

Detailed information on the major markets
and the position of Fresenius Medical Care can be
found in the “Dialysis market” section starting on page 47.

Legal and economic conditions
Reimbursement schemes for dialysis treatments vary
from country to country and often even within coun-
tries. Fresenius Medical Care provides dialysis services
in more than 45 countries with different economic
conditions. This international experience enables us
to support the efforts of national health care systems
to create suitable remuneration structures, adapt our
business to local conditions and operate on a profit-
able basis. Further information can be found in the
“Dialysis market” section starting on page 47.

As a life-saving treatment, dialysis is subject
to the highest safety and quality requirements. This
applies to the production of our dialysis products as
well as the implementation of dialysis treatment at
our own clinics. These underlying requirements are
stipulated in numerous national and international le-
gal provisions, standards and norms, which are the
basis for our corporate activities. In addition to the
legally prescribed standards, we have developed in-
house guidelines that go beyond the statutory provi-
sions in many areas. For more information, see the

“Our services business” chapter starting on page 77 and the
“Procurement and production” chapter starting on page 70.

Demographic factors in particular contribute
to the further growth of dialysis markets. They include
aging populations and a growing number of people
with diabetes and high blood pressure — diseases that
often lead to chronic kidney failure. In addition, the
life expectancy of dialysis patients is increasing pri-
marily due to ongoing improvements in the quality of
treatment and higher standards of living, even in de-
veloping countries.

STRATEGY, OBJECTIVES,
AND CORPORATE MANAGEMENT

For Fresenius Medical Care, acting sustainably and
responsibly is essential to allow us to continue invest-
ing in our employees, our research and development,
production and in enhancing our divisions now and
in the future. We measure our success on the basis
of clearly defined performance indicators and targets.
Our financial targets for 2015 can be found in the
“Outlook” chapter starting on page 105.

Our financial stability enables us to benefit
from attractive corporate financing and a degree of
flexibility that we aim to maintain in the future. For
the next few years, we intend to continue pursuing
our aim of consolidating our position in a financially
responsible manner.

Strategy for a sustainable increase
in enterprise value

We gear our actions towards our vision of creating a
future worth living for patients worldwide, every day.
Fresenius Medical Care’s corporate strategy is our
blueprint for turning this vision into a reality. Our aim
is to maintain our position as the world’s leading pro-
vider of top-quality dialysis treatments and products
and to use it as a basis for sustainable, profitable
growth. In doing so, we want to continuously in-
crease the enterprise value of Fresenius Medical Care
and create added value for patients, health care sys-
tems and investors worldwide.

As always, the groundbreaking principle of
our corporate strategy is to fully capture the poten-
tial available to us as a vertically integrated compa-
ny. This means systematically using the advantages
that arise from covering the complete value chain of
dialysis.

BR
—_

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 6 ---

iN
N

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Our strategy is based on an in-depth analysis
of the major trends affecting Fresenius Medical Care:
» Demographic change
Average life expectancy is rising, resulting in a
growing share of older people in the population.
However, our kidney function deteriorates with age.
In combination with harmful influences such as
longstanding high blood pressure or diabetes, low
kidney function can lead to chronic kidney failure.
Demographic development is therefore a major fac-
tor in the growing number of dialysis patients,
which is expected to rise from more than 2.6M
worldwide in 2014 to 3.8M in 2020.

Increase in lifestyle diseases

Diseases such as high blood pressure and diabetes
are becoming increasingly common due to factors
such as lack of exercise, an unhealthy diet and obe-
sity. In the long term, the kidneys are also affected
by the damage that these diseases can cause in the
human body.

» Improved access to medical care

In many countries, thanks to growing levels of pros-
perity as well as ongoing efforts to establish and
expand balanced and sustainable health care sys-
tems, a large number of patients now have access
to suitable dialysis treatments for the first time. We
expect this trend to continue, and the resultant de-
mand for high-quality products and treatments to
increase.

Changes in the health care industry

The health care industry is constantly changing,
mainly because of the developments mentioned
above. We firmly believe that demand for holistic
care of kidney patients will continue to rise, and
that the focus will shift in future from offering indi-
vidual dialysis products or services to combining all
areas of application related to dialysis and coordi-
nating them more effectively.

v

v

Therefore, Fresenius Medical Care’s corporate strate-

gy in the coming years will pursue the following four

strategic objectives:

» Growing continuously and expanding our global
presence

> Tapping into new business areas

» Enhancing products and treatments

» Expanding operational excellence and flexibility

Based on these four pillars, we have devised specific
measures that will form the main thrust of our cor-
porate activities in the future.

Growing continuously and expanding
our global presence

We are committed to actively shaping the develop-
ment of the industry while benefiting from the glob-
al growth of the market. We achieve this, for example,
by enabling more and more people to access life-sav-
ing dialysis treatment and developing innovative
products and therapies that improve our patients’
quality of life. We help to shape the development of
the industry by cooperating strategically with various
health institutions, for example.

To strengthen our market position, we have
developed various approaches ranging from organic
growth to continuously assessing suitable acquisi-
tions. Another requirement for lasting, profitable
growth is aligning our business activities to attractive
future markets. One opportunity for tapping into new
markets is through public-private partnerships in the
dialysis business. The public sector benefits from a
high-quality dialysis infrastructure, which enables it
to care for more patients more effectively and less
expensively.

Tapping into new business areas

Fresenius Medical Care’s main focus is on providing
holistic care for dialysis patients as well as dialysis-
related treatments. In addition to our products, dial-
ysis treatment itself and a wide range of dialysis drugs,
we are increasingly offering additional services for
patient care. These include laboratory services as well
as services relating to vascular access — an essential
aspect of treatment for dialysis patients. In 2014, we
combined these medical services that go beyond di-
alysis treatment under the heading “care coordina-
tion”, which we plan to expand further in the future.
This integrated health care concept allows us to tap
into new business areas and thus meet the growing
demand for holistic care for our patients. Further-
more, it enables us to integrate the individual treat-
ment steps with the aim of further improving the
quality of care for our patients and easing the strain
on health care systems.


--- Page 7 ---

Enhancing products and treatments
Developing innovative products and continuously im-
proving our dialysis treatments form an inherent part
of our strategy of sustainable growth. We operate a
global network of research and development loca-
tions. This has the advantage that it enables us to
become familiar with local requirements and respond
to them quickly. At the same time, chronic kidney
failure is increasingly becoming a global problem, and
demand for improved, high-quality yet cost-efficient
products is growing worldwide. This gives rise to a
growing number of synergies in the area of product
development, which we intend to leverage even more
in future. For further information, see the “Research
and development” chapter starting on page 66.

The quality and safety of our products and
services are given top priority at Fresenius Medical
Care. We consider them to be synonymous with our
patients’ quality of life. Right from the product and
treatment development stage, the patient comes first.
Trust in the quality of our products and services
makes us a reliable partner for patients, physicians
and care staff alike. We will continue to focus on the
quality of our products and services in the future.

Expanding operational excellence and flexibility
Further priorities for us are sustainably enhancing
Fresenius Medical Care’s profitability and managing
the company even more efficiently. In the future, we
will continue to optimize and modernize our admin-
istrative structures and processes and make greater
use of synergies, for example in our Global Manufac-
turing Operations and Global Research and Develop-
ment divisions. In this way, we aim to meet the rising

cC.2.3 CORPORATE STRATEGY

Growing continuously and

demand and create the conditions to be able to re-
spond more flexibly to changes in the market.

However, at the same, we will also use our
regional structure in the future to help us be a strong,
reliable local partner and respond quickly to specific
customer needs or changes in our markets or in the
regulatory environment as well as further improve
access to new markets.

In addition, we launched a global efficiency
program in 2013 with the aim of further increasing the
efficiency of the entire organization and thus boost-
ing competitiveness and investment capacity in the
years ahead. Consequently, we expect long-term ef-
ficiency gains over the next few years, up to $300M
before tax by 2017.

Growth strategy 2020 — expanding our business
Based on this strategic focus, we set new long-term
targets in April 2014 with our “growth strategy 2020”.
The aim is to increase Fresenius Medical Care’s reve-
nue to $28 BN by 2020. This corresponds to an average
annual growth rate of around 10%. In addition to the
ongoing strong performance of our existing core
business with dialysis products and treatment for di-
alysis patients, we expect revenue growth to be driv-
en by additional medical services that go beyond di-
alysis treatment. We will continue to expand these
services, which we have combined under the heading
“care coordination”, in the future. Their share of total
revenue is expected to rise from 7% in 2014 to around
18% in 2020. Revenue growth should stem from both
organic growth and acquisitions. We have earmarked
an investment volume of up to $3 BN for this by 2020.

Tapping into

expanding our global presence |

aa new business areas

<=
FRESENIUS
“Y” MEDICAL CARE

Creating a future worth living.
For patients. Worldwide. Every day.

ry

Enhancing products

rr

Fostering operational

and treatments

excellence and flexibility

iN
Ww

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 8 ---

aN
aS

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Financial strategy

Besides optimizing our financing costs, financial flex-
ibility takes top priority in Fresenius Medical Care's
financing strategy. The company achieves this flexibil-
ity by using a wide range of financing instruments
and ensuring a high level of diversification in terms
of the investors and banks we work with. Our financ-
ing profile is characterized by a wide spread of ma-
turities up to 2024.

Our main financing instrument is the syndicat-
ed credit agreement with revolving credit facilities
and loans in u.s. dollars and euros.

In our long-term financial planning, we focus
primarily on the debt/esitpa ratio. Fresenius Medical
Care holds a strong market position in the growing
dialysis sector, which is considered to be non-cyclical;
it is characterized by relatively stable cash flows. For
further information on our financial strategy, see the
“Financial situation” section starting on page 61.

Key performance indicators

The management board of Fresenius Medical Care
manages the company on the basis of strategic and
operating requirements as well as various financial
indicators. The key management indicators used in
the individual segments are identical. The aim is to
ensure long-term corporate success. These key per-
formance indicators are an essential component of
forecast reporting. In addition, we collect and exam-
ine a large number of financial and non-financial per-
formance indicators, some of which we include in
forecast reporting.

An overview of Fresenius Medical Care’s key
performance indicators can be found in table 2.4 on page 45.

Other performance indicators

In addition to the key performance indicators listed

in table 2.4 on page 45, We also use operating indicators

based on the following return calculations:

» ROIC (return on invested capital) expresses how ef-
ficiently a company allocates the capital under its
control or how well it employs its capital with re-
gard to a specific investment project. Fresenius
Medical Care's ROIC in 2014 was 6.8%, following 7.7%
in the previous year.

» ROOA (return on operating assets) expresses how
efficiently a company manages its total employed
capital by calculating profit in relation to total
capital. At 9.7% in 2014, ROOA slightly decreased
compared to the previous year (2013: 10.5%).

ROE (return on equity) provides an insight into a
company’s earning power. To calculate it, corporate
net income (net income attributable to sharehold-
ers of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA) is
placed in relation to employed shareholder capital
(capital of shareholders of Fresenius Medical
Care AG & Co. KGaA). At 11.1% in 2014, ROE (after tax)
slightly decreased compared to the previous year.
When calculating our cost of capital, we use the
wacc (weighted average cost of capital) formula.
The wacc is derived using the weighted average of
costs incurred for equity and debt. Fresenius
Medical Care’s wAcc in 2014 was 6.4%, following
6.7% in the previous year. Comparing the compa-
ny’s WACC with its ROIC of 6.8% reveals that in 2014,
Fresenius Medical Care not only generated its cap-
ital costs, but also increased its shareholder value.

v

v

We manage our investments using a detailed coordi-
nation and evaluation process. The management
board sets the complete investment budget for the
group as well as the investment targets. Before con-
crete investment projects or acquisitions are realized,
our internal Acquisition Investment Committee (alc)
examines the individual projects and measures taking
into account the return on investment and potential
return. The investment projects are evaluated based
on commonly used methods such as the net present
value and internal interest rate methods; payback pe-
riods are also included in the assessment. In this way,
we try to ensure that we only make and implement
investments and acquisitions that actually increase
shareholder value.

Further information on acquisitions can be
found in the sections “Capital expenditures and acqui-
sitions” starting on page 53 and “Financial situation” starting
on page 61.

Details on the development of these indica-
tors as well as other financial figures can also be
found in the “Results of operations, financial situa-
tion, assets and liabilities” chapter starting on page 57.


--- Page 9 ---

7.2.4 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Definition 2014 2013
Revenue Proceeds from provision of services and sale, letting or leasing $15,832M $14,610M
Operating income
(EBIT) Indicator for assessing earning power $2,254M $2,256M
Operating income Ratio of operating income to revenue; indicator for assessing profit-
margin (EBIT margin) ability 14.2% 15.4%
Earnings after taxes and net income attributable to non-controlling
Net income growth _ interests; indicator for assessing earnings power -6% -6%
Basic earnings per _—_Net income divided by the weighted average number of shares
share growth outstanding during the year -5% -6%
Ratio relating to the capital employed in the company in the form
Capital expenditures of replacement and expansion investments $920M $728M
Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents generated from business
Net cash provided by operations in relation to revenue; indicator of solvency and internal
operating activities financing potential (funds available for replacement and expansion
in % of revenue investments) 11.8% 13.9%
Freely available cash flow after capital expenditures in relation
Free cash flow to revenue; indicator of the funds available for acquisitions,
in % of revenue dividends and loan repayments 5.9% 8.9%
Debt divided by EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization) adjusted for other non-cash expenditure and
largest acquisitions; indicator of how many years it takes to repay
Debt/EBITDA ratio _ debts from own funds 3.1 28

iS
ul

OPERATIONS AND STRATEGY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 10 ---

46

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

The expected global economic upturn failed to materialize in 2014.
Economic development was slower than forecast, particularly in
emerging countries and in Europe. The dialysis market is growing world-
wide. At the end of 2014, more than 2.6m dialysis patients were
being treated.

OVERALL ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

At 3.4%, the rate of increase in global gross domestic
product (cpp) for 2014 was slightly above that of the
previous year (3.2%). The global economy failed to
meet growth forecasts in 2014, especially in the first
half of the year. However, it picked up again as the
year progressed, particularly from the third quarter
onwards. The u.s. and other advanced economies
posted moderate economic growth, whereas the
trend in emerging countries was generally subdued.
In the euro zone, the economy stagnated, partly due
to the conflict in Ukraine.

Mixed economic development in our segments
North America segment: In the u.s., the economic
situation stabilized. The improved situation on the job
market and the associated rise in wages boosted pri-
vate consumption. In addition, the expansive mone-
tary policy gradually started to take effect. In 2014,
the growth rate in the u.s. was 2.2%, as in the previ-
ous year.

International segment: Economic development in the
countries in our International segment varied widely.
In the euro zone, the previous year’s recovery was
followed by stagnation, not least due to global polit-
ical tensions. The pace of growth slowed down in
emerging countries: Although momentum increased
in China and India in the first half of the year, this
development was cancelled out by the slower pace in
other countries, such as Brazil, Russia and Argentina.
Growth in the Latin America region was more re-
strained than in the previous year. Table 2.5 shows the
change in the gross domestic product of selected
countries compared with the previous year.

Fresenius Medical Care largely

non-dependent on economic cycles
The dialysis market is a growth market. Demand for
life-preserving products and services for kidney pa-
tients is rising continuously. To a certain extent, this
is due to demographic factors such as the aging pop-
ulation. Fresenius Medical Care’s business is impacted
more by government reimbursement rates and sys-
tems than by economic cycles. See also the “Dialysis
market” chapter starting on page 47.

— 7.2.5 REAL GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT
Change compared to the previous year in %
Gross domestic product

2014 2013
US. 2.2 2.2
Germany 15 0.1
Euro zone 0.8 -0.4
China 7.4 77
India 5.9 47
Asia 6.6 6.6
Latin America 11 2.5
> WORLDWIDE 3.4 3.2

Source: Institute for the Global Economy at the University of Kiel, "Weltkonjunktur im Winter 2014”, December 17, 2014


--- Page 11 ---

Exchange rate development characterized
by weaker euro

Exchange rates were subject to strong fluctuations in
2014. Since we generate the majority of our sales in
Europe and the u.s. and maintain our financial ac-
counting in u.s. dollar, the performance of the u.s.
dollar and the euro is of particular importance to us.
At annual average the euro remained unchanged in
relation to the u.s. dollar in 2014 in comparison to the
prior year, while it depreciated during the second half
of the year. We reduce our transaction risks, i.e. risks
due to foreign currency items or exchange rate fluc-
tuations, through our global network of production
facilities, which is geared towards demand in our di-
alysis products business: Often, our production facili-
ties are based in the markets that they serve. We
therefore incur costs in the same currency in which we
generate our revenue. In our largest division, the ser-
vices business, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations
is relatively low because we provide our services local-
ly and therefore in the respective currency. In total,
exchange rates had a negative impact on revenue in
2014 and resulted in no significant impact on other key
income items in comparison to the prior year.

Further information on the economic environ-
ment can be found in the “Comparison of the actual
business results with forecasts” section starting on page 54
and in the “Outlook” chapter starting on page 105.

DIALYSIS MARKET

The dialysis market is growing worldwide. With our
decades of experience, we can provide patients with
high-quality dialysis products and services from a sin-
gle source. We are therefore ideally placed to further
expand our business and consolidate our position as
market leader.

Collection and analysis of market data
Reliable information on the development of the di-
alysis market and its general conditions is an impor-
tant prerequisite for the success of our business. To
obtain and manage representative market informa-
tion, Fresenius Medical Care has developed its own
tool, the Market & Competitor Survey (mcs). We use
it to collect and analyze relevant dialysis market and
competitor data and then leverage it within the
company. This information serves as a basis for stra-
tegic decisions made by management, research and
development and marketing, as well as for our ex-
ternal reporting, such as the annual report. Unless
otherwise stated, the data in this chapter is based
on the Mcs survey. By regularly adapting it, we ac-
count for new trends such as changes in the use of
certain treatments as well as in the structure of our
competitive environment caused for example by the
entry of new providers.

— C.2.6 EXCHANGE RATE DEVELOPMENT U.S. DOLLAR/EUROQ = 2W_
Qi 2013 Q2 2013 Q3 2013 Q4 2013 Qi 2014 Q2 2014 Q3 2014 Q4 2014
1.40
1.30
1.20
— $/€ —Annual average ++ Quarterly average

Source: Reuters data, own calculations

AAS
“l

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 12 ---

iN
[oe]

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

In recent years, the gap between patient num-
bers and patient number growth rates reported by
the two leading u.s. data sources has widened. This
goes hand in hand with a significant time lag in
reporting this data. The company is currently analyz-
ing this situation to determine if its methods for
accumulating current patient number estimates and
projections should be refined. This could lead to a
restatement of both reported patient numbers as well
as growth rates in North America in the future.

7.2.7

PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC KIDNEY FAILURE IN 2014
in

Industry-specific environment

Patient numbers are rising worldwide
Chronic kidney failure is a global disease: At the end
of 2014, approximately 3.371M patients were being
treated.

At a regional level, the incidence of chronic
kidney failure varies. Prevalence, i.e. the relative num-
ber of people being treated for end-stage renal dis-
ease in a particular country, also differs significantly
from one country to another. The prevalence rate,

Patients with chronic kidney failure 3.371 100%
Of which patients with transplants 0.706 21%
Of which dialysis patients 2.665 79%
Hemodialysis (HD) 2.376 70%
Peritoneal dialysis (PD) 0.289 9%

Source: Company data and estimates

— 7.2.8

DIALYSIS PATIENTS: REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT

2014 Change
North America 596,000 ~4%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 666,000 ~4%
Asia-Pacific 1,138,000 ~8%
Latin America 265,000 ~5%
>» WORLDWIDE 2,665,000 ~6%

Source: Company data and estimates

— 7.2.9

— REGIONAL BREAKDOWN OF IN-CENTER DIALYSIS AND HOME DIALYSIS

In-center dialysis Home dialysis

North America 81% 19%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 93% 7%
Asia-Pacific 90% 10%
Latin America 88% 12%
» WORLDWIDE

89% 11%

Source: Company data and estimates

- T.2.10 MARKET POSITION RELATING TO MAJOR PRODUCT GROUPS IN 2014
15 place 24 place
Dialyzers Fresenius Medical Care Baxter
Dialysis machines Fresenius Medical Care Nikkiso
Concentrates for hemodialysis Fresenius Medical Care Baxter
Bloodline systems Fresenius Medical Care Baxter
Products for peritoneal dialysis Baxter Fresenius Medical Care

Source: Company data and estimates


--- Page 13 ---

measured in patients per million population (pmp),
can be well below 100, especially in developing coun-
tries. In countries in the European Union, the preva-
lence rate averages just over 1,100 pmp. Countries
such as Japan and the u.s. have very high figures, in
some cases well over 2,000 pmp. Taiwan even has a
rate of over 3,000 pmp.

There are various reasons for the significant
divergence in prevalence rates:
» The countries differ demographically, as age struc-

tures in the population vary worldwide.

— ¢.2.11

37% Others >

DIALYSIS PRODUCTS IN 2014

Market share, based on revenue

» The prevalence of risk factors for kidney disease
such as diabetes and high blood pressure diverges.

» The genetic predisposition for kidney disease differs
around the world.

» Access to dialysis is still limited in many countries,
meaning that many patients suffering from kidney
failure are not treated and thus do not appear in
prevalence statistics.

» Cultural factors such as nutrition play a role.

“4.34% Fresenius Medical Care

429% Baxter

Source: Company data and estimates

— €.2.12

45% Others >

HEMODIALYSIS PRODUCTS IN 2014

Market share, based on revenue

4.38% Fresenius Medical Care

417% Baxter

Source: Company data and estimates

— €. 2.13

7% Others >

PERITONEAL DIALYSIS PRODUCTS IN 2014

Market share, based on revenue

421% Fresenius Medical Care

472% Baxter

Source: Company data and estimates

iN
©

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 14 ---

ul
o

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

The number of dialysis patients in 2014 rose by around
6%. In the u.s., Japan, and Western and Central
Europe the number of patients grew again below-
average in 2014. In these regions, prevalence is al-
ready relatively high and patients generally have reli-
able access to treatment, normally dialysis. In
economically weaker regions, growth was above
average — an indication that access to dialysis treat-
ment in these countries is still limited but is gradually
improving. In addition to easier access to dialysis re-
sulting in better recording of patient numbers, how-
ever, other factors also contribute to a rise in global
prevalence, for example the spreading incidence of
illnesses that cause renal damage such as diabetes
and high blood pressure, as well as the general aging
of the global population due to medical advances.

Comparison of treatment methods
Of the 2.665™M patients who were undergoing dial-
ysis treatment at the end of 2014, 2.376mM — about
89% — were being treated with hemodialysis and
around 289,000 (11%) with peritoneal dialysis; see the
glossary starting on page 247. IN a global comparison of
treatment methods, hemodialysis is clearly the most
common.

Dialysis patients can be treated either in a di-
alysis center or in their own home. Treatment options
available for home therapy are home hemodialysis
(relatively uncommon so far) and peritoneal dialysis.
The ratio of patients treated in dialysis centers to pa-
tients on home dialysis varies from region to region.

The third option for treating patients with
end-stage renal disease is kidney transplantation. Ap-
proximately 706,000 patients were living with a trans-
planted kidney at the end of 2014. However, for many
years, the number of donated organs worldwide has
been significantly lower than the number of patients
on transplant waiting lists. Despite extensive efforts

c. 2.14 —______________ DIALYSIS CLINIC OPERATORS IN 2014

by regional initiatives to increase awareness of kidney
donation and the willingness to donate, the share of
patients receiving kidney transplantation compared
with other treatment methods has remained relative-
ly unchanged over the past ten years.

Our customers are mostly health insurers

and companies
Fresenius Medical Care's most important customers
are state-owned or public health insurers, private
health insurers, and companies. The largest private
customer, which is also the world’s second-largest
provider in the dialysis services sector after Fresenius
Medical Care, is the U.s. company DaVita. In the last
fiscal year, we generated around 1% of our revenue
with DaVita.

Health care and reimbursement systems
vary from country to country

As renal replacement therapy is a life-saving medical
service, patients do not usually have to pay for dialy-
sis themselves. Instead, the costs are borne by the
responsible health care system. The reimbursement
systems for dialysis treatment — in other words, the
schemes used by health care systems to pay for dialy-
sis services — differ from country to country and often
vary even within countries. The factors determining
reimbursement include regional conditions, the kind
of treatment provided, regulatory issues, and the type
of dialysis service provider (public or private).

The health care debate in some countries is
currently focused on establishing reimbursement
structures based on treatment quality (Pay for Perfor-
mance). Thereby, more responsibility is transferred to
the medical service provider, subject to transparency
and quality criteria. Such reimbursement models are
aimed at achieving high treatment quality combined
with lower overall costs for the health care system.

Share of patients treated

North America

Europe/Middle East/Africa

Asia-Pacific

Latin America

» WORLDWIDE

18% 68% 14%
60% 17% 23%

51% 6% 43%

SS

16% 22% 62%
42% 24% 34%

m= Public Companies = Private individuals
Source: Company data and estimates


--- Page 15 ---

One example of a reimbursement model
based on qualitative criteria is the reimbursement
system for dialysis in the U.s., our biggest sales mar-
ket. It applies to dialysis treatment for patients in the
u.s. who are predominantly covered by national
health insurance (Medicare patients). All dialysis
products, dialysis treatment and additional services,
such as the administration of certain intravenous
drugs and diagnostic laboratory tests, are reimbursed
collectively in a lump sum. This bundled reimburse-
ment rate is adapted to patients’ characteristics such
as age and weight. The u.s. reimbursement system
also takes into account quality parameters such as
the regulation of the hemoglobin content of the
blood (anemia management) and the effectiveness of
dialysis treatment. Thanks to our vertical business
model, we are very well placed to work with reim-
bursement systems that use qualitative criteria, as
well as being equipped for any future adjustments.

In the u.s., the reimbursement rates are final-
ized by the responsible authority, the Centers of
Medicare and Medicaid Services (cms). The basic re-
imbursement rate for 2014 has only changed slightly
year-on-year and will remain at the same level in 2015.
More information can be found in the “Outlook”
chapter starting on page 105 and in the “Results of opera-
tions” section starting on page 57.

— ¢.2.15

DIALYSIS SERVICES BY REGION IN 2014

Number of patients treated

Fresenius Medical Care in a global comparison
We estimate that the volume of the global dialysis
market rose by 1% to around $778N in 2014. The cur-
rency-adjusted growth rate amounted to 4% during
the last year. We expect the following approximate
breakdown for this market volume: dialysis products
with around $14BN and dialysis services (including
dialysis drugs) with approximately $63 BN.

Two major providers

on the dialysis products market
The main dialysis products include dialyzers, hemo-
dialysis machines, concentrates and dialysis solutions,
along with products for peritoneal dialysis; see also the
glossary starting on page 247. In terms of revenue, the two
largest manufacturers of dialysis products together
accounted for approximately 63% of the worldwide
market in 2014. With a market share of 34%, Fresenius
Medical Care was the market leader in this segment,
followed by Baxter with 29%. The remaining, mainly
Japanese, dialysis product providers all held market
shares in the single-digit percentage range.

Dialyzers for hemodialysis are the largest
product group in the dialysis market with a world-
wide sales volume of more than 260M units in 2014.
Around 115M were made by Fresenius Medical
Care, meaning that we comfortably held the largest

Total: 2.665 M

North America
Fresenius Medical Care

DaVita

Dialysis Clinic Inc.

Europe
Fresenius Medical Care

Diaverum

Kuratorium fur Dialyse

Asia-Pacific
Fresenius Medical Care

Showai-Kai

Tokushu-Kai

Latin America
Fresenius Medical Care

Baxter

Diaverum

176,203
170,000
14,500

52,848

31,983
9,000
4,500

Source: Company data and estimates

uw
—_

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 16 ---

ul
N

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

market share in this segment. We set a new unit
sales record in the u.s., our largest single market,
with more than 44M dialyzers sold in 2014. Hemodi-
alysis machines constitute another key segment of
our product business. Here, too, we are the clear
market leader: Of the more than 85,000 dialysis ma-
chines sold worldwide in 2014, some 50% were pro-
duced by Fresenius Medical Care. The u.s. is our
biggest sales market for dialysis machines: In the
year under review, we manufactured more than 93%
of dialysis machines sold there. Our 2008 machine
series is the leading dialysis system in the u.s. with
more than 122,000 units in use.

In the area of peritoneal dialysis, we account
for 21% of the global market in terms of revenue, see
also chart 2.13 on page 49. In the U.S., we hold a market
share of 43%. Further information on our position in
the home dialysis market, which comprises home he-
modialysis and peritoneal dialysis, can be found in the
“Home dialysis — a niche market” section on page 40.

Dialysis services — most patients treated
in dialysis centers
Renal patients generally receive dialysis treatment in
clinics or dialysis centers, which they visit three times
a week for several hours. They are treated either
during the day or overnight while they sleep. Further
treatment options include home dialysis, which pa-
tients mostly carry out themselves at home under
expert guidance and with the necessary accessories,
or dialysis on vacation, for example on a cruise ship

— €.2.16

TOP 5 DIALYSIS PROVIDERS WORLDWIDE IN 2014

Number of patients treated

or at a resort; Fresenius Medical Care also offers ser-
vices for these cases. The vast majority of dialysis
services, however, involve conventional treatment in
clinics or centers.

In 2014, most dialysis patients were cared for
in one of around 36,700 dialysis centers worldwide,
resulting in an average of some 70 patients per center.
The organization of the centers also differs signifi-
cantly depending on whether the health care system
in the relevant country is mainly state-run or private-
ly operated.

Fresenius Medical Care can operate its own
therapy centers in countries where the health care
system allows private-sector companies to provide
medical services and an appropriate reimbursement
system is in place. For some years now, health care
systems in a large number of countries have been
under pressure to improve the quality of treatment
while keeping health care costs as low as possible.
Some countries have therefore started to contemplate
whether and how specialized private companies can
help them in this. Other countries are only just setting
up their health care systems and are looking to inter-
act with health care companies that have a good rep-
utation due to their high-quality service portfolio with
the aim of developing modern treatment standards.
In both cases, Fresenius Medical Care, as an experi-
enced vertically integrated provider, is the right part-
ner: With our high-quality and innovative products
and services, we are ideally positioned to continue
expanding our position on the dialysis market.

>» WORLDWIDE

Fresenius Medical Care 286,312
DaVita 178,000
Diaverum 26,200
Kuratorium fiir Dialyse 18,700
B. Braun Avitum 16,400
Source: Company data and estimates

 €.2.17 FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE: PATIENTS TREATED IN 2014
North America 30% 70%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 8% 92%
Asia-Pacific 2% 98%
Latin America 12% 88%

89%

m Fresenius Medical Care wa Other providers

Source: Company data and estimates



--- Page 17 ---

In this respect, the Chinese market will also
become increasingly important for our business: The
country’s government is making efforts to develop a
modern health care system with corresponding reim-
bursement structures — an important prerequisite for
opening the market for dialysis services to interna-
tional providers. These prerequisites have not yet
been fulfilled for the dialysis sector. With this in mind,
we will continue to drive our growth in China through
cooperation with local clinics and via management
contracts for the time being. So far, we provide
107 clinics (previous year: 100 clinics) with dialysis ma-
chines and disposable products.

In the u.s., Fresenius Medical Care and DaVita
together serve over 70% of all dialysis patients; this
means that there is already a relatively high concen-
tration of dialysis clinics. In the year under review,
Fresenius Medical Care maintained its market posi-
tion and treated more than 171,000 patients, approxi-
mately 37% of all dialysis patients in the u.s. (2013:
around 167,000 patients, approximately 37%).

Outside the u.s., the dialysis services segment
is still considerably more fragmented: With more than
1,200 dialysis clinics and around 115,000 patients in
more than 45 countries, Fresenius Medical Care oper-
ates by far the largest and most international network
of clinics.

Overall, Fresenius Medical Care further consol-
idated its position as clear market leader in the dialy-
sis services business in the period under review: Over
the past year, we treated 286,312 dialysis patients
(2013: 270,122) in 3,361 Clinics (2013: 3,250).

Dialysis drugs supplement our range
Usually, patients undergoing dialysis require medica-
tion to counteract anemia and to control their miner-
al metabolism — both of which are consequences of
chronic kidney failure. Almost two thirds of the total
market for dialysis drugs, is generated with erythro-
poesis-stimulating agents for treating anemia. We
source them from the American company Amgen and
its partners, for example. Phosphate binders used to
control bone metabolism, on the other hand, are
produced in-house, both for use in our own dialysis
centers as well as for distribution to third parties. We
produce iron compounds for the treatment of anemia
as part of a joint venture with Galenica — Vifor
Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. We also
use them in our own clinics and distribute them to
third parties.

EVENTS SIGNIFICANT FOR BUSINESS
DEVELOPMENT

Management board changes

Professor Emanuele Gatti, management board mem-
ber responsible for the Europe, Middle East, Africa
and Latin America region (EMEALA), stepped down
from the management board of Fresenius Medical
Care on March 31, 2014. On April 1, 2014, Dominik
Wehner was appointed new management board
member for the Europe, Middle East and Africa re-
gion as well as labor relations director for Germany.
Dominik Wehner has worked at Fresenius Medical
Care since 1994. Prior to his appointment to the man-
agement board, he was responsible for the Eastern
Europe, Middle East and Africa regions. In his capac-
ity as chairman of the management board, Rice
Powell has taken on responsibility for Latin America.
Dr. Rainer Runte, management board member respon-
sible for law and compliance, also left the company
on March 31, 2014. As chairman of the management
board, Rice Powell has taken on responsibility for law
and compliance.

Capital expenditures and acquisitions
In implementing our investment strategy, we again
focused on growing our clinic network, product busi-
ness and production capacity in 2014. In addition, we
expanded the range of services combined under the
heading “care coordination” through acquisitions.
This was also reflected in our acquisitions budget of
around $1.3 BN in 2014.

Part of this budget was allocated to the acqui-
sition of a majority stake in Sound Inpatients Physi-
cians, Inc., and the purchase of Cogent Healthcare.
Both of these are networks of hospitalists in the u.s.
Cogent’s services are directly comparable with those
of Sound. As a result of these acquisitions, our en-
larged network now comprises more than 1,750 phy-
sicians in over 180 hospitals and 35 states in the u.s.
Allowing for transaction and integration costs, these
acquisitions are set to make a positive contribution
to net income in the course of 2016.

We have invested further in vascular surgery
in the u.s. by acquiring National Cardiovascular Part-
ners (NCP), a leading provider of outpatient cardiovas-
cular treatment in the u.s. The company works with
over 200 specialists and runs 21 cardiac-catheter lab-
oratories in six states in the u.s.

Ul
W

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 18 ---

ul
rs

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Further information on our capital expendi-
tures and acquisitions can be found in the “Financial
situation” section starting on page 61 and in the “Liquidity
and capital resources” section starting on page 158.

Financing

In September 2014, we successfully issued an equity-
neutral convertible bond with a volume of €400M.
The proceeds were used for general corporate pur-
poses. In addition, we placed two senior unsecured
bonds with a total volume of $900M in October 2014.
The net proceeds were used to repay a short-term
loan under the 2012 credit agreement and further cur-
rent liabilities as well as for acquisitions and general
business purposes.

In addition, we extended the scope of our syn-
dicated credit agreement by the equivalent of $850M
to the equivalent of around $4.4 BN in November. The
credit agreement covers revolving credit lines as well
as loans in u.s. dollars and euros. The conditions
were also improved and the term extended by two
years until October 30, 2019. The extended credit line
is earmarked for refinancing existing liabilities as well
as for financing general business purposes and work-
ing capital. Fresenius Medical Care also extended the
term of its accounts receivable facility with a volume
of $800 m until November 24, 2017.

Further information on the bonds can be
found in the “Financial situation” section starting on
page 61 and in the “Liquidity and capital resources” sec-
tiON starting on page 158.

Business environment

The company’s business environment remained large-
ly unchanged in many markets in 2014, as did the
relevant legal frameworks for our business. However,
we are obliged to continue operating in an environ-
ment that does not sufficiently account for rising
treatment costs in its reimbursement rates. In our
largest sales market, the u.s., business continued to
be negatively impacted by the automatic budget cuts
(sequestration) of 2% in the first quarter and the
associated reductions in reimbursement rates for
dialysis treatment of state-insured patients.

COMPARISON OF THE ACTUAL BUSINESS
RESULTS WITH FORECASTS

As expected, last year was a challenging one for
Fresenius Medical Care: The situation in our core busi-
ness area of dialysis did not improve significantly
again in 2014. Even so, we managed to largely meet
our targets.

At the beginning of the year under review, we
expected to generate revenue of around $15.20BN in
2014. This target did not include additional revenue of
around $0.5 BN as a result of acquisitions made in the
course of the year. In actual fact, we increased reve-
nue by 8% to $15.83 BN. All regions — North America,
Europe/Middle East/Africa, Asia-Pacific and Latin
America — contributed to this.

At the beginning of the year, we set a target
range for net income of $1.08N to $1.05BN. This did
not take into account cost savings from the global
efficiency program initiated in 2013. At the beginning
of 2014, cost savings were estimated at $60 m before
tax for the year under review. In real terms, we gen-
erated net income of $1.05BN in 2014. Cost savings
from our global efficiency program amounted to
$65™M before tax and $40M after tax. Net income ad-
justed for these savings came to $1.01BN, and was
therefore within our target range. Further informa-
tion can be found in the “Results of operations” sec-
tiON starting on page 57.

The steady growth of the dividend is reflected
in our dividend proposal: Subject to approval by the
annual general meeting on May 19, 2015, the dividend
per share will increase by 1% to €0.78 (2013: €0.77).
More information on the dividend proposal can be
found in the “Dividend continuity” section on page 31.

We earmarked around $900M for capital ex-
penditures and around $400 for acquisitions in 2014.
We raised the forecast for capital expenditures to
around $1.3BN as the year progressed. In actual fact,
$920M was used for capital expenditures (net) — cor-
responding to 6.0% of revenue — and $1.77BN for ac-
quisitions less divestitures. For further information,
see the “Financial situation” section starting on page 61.

Net cash provided by operating activities, driv-
en by earnings development and sound management
of net working capital, was high in 2014 at $1.86 BN.
Relative to revenue, this amounted to 11.8%, comfort-
ably exceeding the target of more than 10%.


--- Page 19 ---

According to our forecast, the leverage ratio
(defined as the ratio of the total financial debt to
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization =debt/eBiTDA) should have been around
3.0 by the end of 2014. The actual leverage ratio as at
the reporting date was 3.1, slightly above our forecast
figure.

The number of employees at Fresenius Medical
Care (full-time equivalents) grew from 90,690 at the
end of 2013 to 99,895 at the end of 2014, reaching our
forecast figure of around 97,000. We initially expected
92,000 employees at the beginning of 2014, before
adjusting this figure as the year progressed, mainly as
a result of additional acquisitions in North America.
Acquisitions and the company’s organic growth con-
tributed to the increase in the number of employees
compared with the previous year.

Research and development expenditures
aimed at boosting Fresenius Medical Care's ability to
adapt to future requirements amounted to $122M,
not quite meeting our target of around $140M. This
discrepancy was mainly due to project delays. Our
research and development activities are focused on
further developing existing product groups. Details
can be found in the “Research and development”
chapter starting on page 66.

The dialysis market developed as we anticipat-
ed: The number of patients worldwide grew by
around 6%. As expected, there were no significant
changes compared to the previous year concerning
the allocation of dialysis patients to different treat-
ment methods. Hemodialysis continued to be by far
the most important method used to treat chronic
kidney failure in 2014. For further information, see the
“Dialysis market” section starting on page 47.

rp T.2.18 TARGETS AND RESULTS FOR 2014
Adjusted results 2014,
excluding global efficiency

Results 2014 program and acquisitions Targets 2014

Revenue $15.8BN $15.3BN ~$15.2BN

Operating income (EBIT) $2.3BN $2.2BN ~$2.2BN

Operating income margin (EBIT margin) 14.2% 14.2% ~14.5%

Net income? $1.05 BN $1.01 BN $1.0 BN to $1.05 BN

Net income growth! -6% -9% Decrease of 5% to 10%

In line with the

expected development

Basic earnings per share growth! -5% -9% of net income

Capital expenditures $920M ~$900M

Acquisitions and investments $1.8BN ~$1.3BN

Net cash provided by operating activities $1.9BN >$1.5BN
Net cash provided by (used in) operating

activities in % of revenue 11.8% >10%

Free cash flow in % of revenue 5.9% >4%

Debt/EBITDA ratio 3.1 ~3.0

Employees? 99,895 ~97,000

Earnings-driven

Dividend €0.78° per share (+1%) dividend policy

Research and development expenses $122M ~$140M

* Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA.

? Full-time equivalents
3 Proposal to be approved by the annual general meeting on May 19, 2015.

Ul
ul

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 20 ---

ul
o>)

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

THE MANAGEMENT'S GENERAL
ASSESSMENT OF BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

As expected, 2014 was a challenging year for Fresenius
Medical Care. Once again, the general conditions in
our core business of dialysis did not change signifi-
cantly in 2014: We have to operate in markets where
rising treatment costs are not remunerated adequate-
ly. This particularly applies in the u.s., Fresenius
Medical Care’s most important market in terms of
business volume. The reimbursement situation is also
one of the main reasons why net income fell by 6% to
$1.05 BN, even though revenue rose by 8% to $15.83 BN
in the same period. Nevertheless, we mostly achieved
our targets for 2014 despite the difficult situation.

To boost our profitability in the years ahead,
we continued to pursue our global efficiency program
in 2014, saving $65M on costs before tax. Implemen-
tation costs are already factored into this figure. We
expect savings to rise to $300 M before tax by 2017.

In the future, we aim to focus even more on
offering our patients holistic treatment by expanding
the medical services we provide beyond dialysis treat-
ment. We combined these strategic measures to en-
hance our business under the heading “care coordi-
nation” in the last fiscal year, and bolstered them
significantly through acquisitions. A part of the total
volume of around $1.88N that we spent on acquisi-
tions in 2014, accounted for care coordination initia-
tives. In addition, we continued our investment activ-
ities at an undiminished pace. We invested around
$900M in 2014, mainly in expanding our production
capacity and extending our network of dialysis clinics.

Our strategic decisions and activities in 2014
have set the course for the future. Fresenius Medical
Care stands on strong foundations. We aim to build
on these in the next few years.

Further information on our business perfor-
mance can be found in the “Events significant for
business development” section starting on page 53.


--- Page 21 ---

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,
FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS
AND LIABILITIES

The financial year 2014 progressed in line with our expectations:
We achieved sound results despite challenging market conditions.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Revenue

In the year under review, Fresenius Medical Care
increased its revenue by 8% to $15.83 BN, Correspond-
ing to a 10% growth rate in constant currency terms.
The organic revenue growth amounted to 5%, while
acquisitions accounted for 5% of revenue growth.
Health care services revenue rose by 10% (+12% ona
constant currency basis) to $12.25 BN. Dialysis product
revenue was up 3% to $3.58BN. On a constant cur-
rency basis, the increase was 4%. At the end of 2014,
we operated 3,361 dialysis clinics, 3% more than at
the end of 2013. We treated 286,312 dialysis patients
by the end of 2014, an increase of 6%. The number
of treatments rose by 6% to around 42.74mM in the
reporting year.

Revenue in North America, still our most im-
portant business region with a share of 66%, was
$10.50 BN in 2014, 9% above the $9.61BN generated in
the previous year. The organic revenue growth
amounted to 5%, while acquisitions accounted for 4%
of revenue growth. Health care services revenue in-
creased by 10% to $9.66BN in 2014 (2013: $8.77 BN).
Dialysis product revenue increased by 1% to $845M
(2013: $834M).

Revenue in the International segment, which
includes all regions outside North America, improved
by 6% (+11% on a constant currency basis) to $5.27 BN
in 2014. Acquisitions had the positive effect to in-
crease revenue by 5%, while organic growth was 6%.
Health care services revenue in the International
segment grew by 10% over the previous year to
$2.59BN. In constant currency terms, this represents
an increase of 18%. Dialysis product revenue rose by
2% to $2.67BN in 2014, corresponding to 4% organic
growth in constant currency terms.

The largest business region in the Internation-
al segment is Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA). Here,
revenue rose by 2% to $3.078BN in the past financial
year. On a constant currency basis, revenue was up
4%. The region's share of total revenue was 20% (2013:
21%). By the end of 2014, we were treating 52,848 pa-
tients in 635 dialysis facilities, over 1,300 patients or
3% more than twelve months before. In 2014, we gen-
erated revenue of $1.44BN from health care services
in this region, up 2% over the preceding year. In con-
stant currency terms, this represents a 5% increase.
Dialysis product revenue totaled $1.63 BN, up 1% year-
on-year. In constant currency terms, we posted reve-
nue growth of 2%.

rp T.2.19 REVENUE BY SEGMENT
in SM
Exchange Organic
2014 2013 Change rate effects growth — Acquisitions

North America
Dialysis products 845 834 1% 0% 1% 0%
Health care services 9,655 8,772 10% 0% 5% 5%

Thereof dialysis services 8,616 8,244 5%

Thereof care coordination 1,039 528 97%
> TOTAL 10,500 9,606 9% 0% 5% 4%
International
Dialysis products 2,670 2,612 2% -2% 4% 0%
Health care services 2,595 2,358 10% -8% 8% 10%
> TOTAL 5,265 4,970 6% -5% 6% 5%
Worldwide
Dialysis products’ 3,582 3,480 3% -1% 4% 0%
Health care services 12,250 11,130 10% -2% 6% 6%
> TOTAL 15,832 14,610 8% -2% 5% 5%

* Including revenue generated by corporate functions in the amount of $67 M for 2014 and $34M for 2013.

57

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 22 ---

ul
fee]

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Revenue in the Latin America region fell by 1%
to $836M; based on constant currencies, there was
an increase of 16%. The share of total revenue fell
from 6% to 5% as against the previous year. At $588 M,
health care services revenue was at the previous
year’s level of $589M. In constant currency terms,

revenue rose by 21%. We generated revenue of $248 M
from dialysis products, down 2% on the previous year.
Based on constant currencies, there was an increase
of 6%. By the end of 2014, almost 32,000 patients were
receiving dialysis treatment in the 247 clinics in this
business region.

7.2.20 REVENUE BY REGION
in SM
Percentage of total
2014 2013 Change revenue
North America 10,500 9,606 9% 66%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 3,072 3,023 2% 20%
Latin America 836 843 -1% 5%
Asia-Pacific 1,357 1,104 23% 9%
Corporate 67 34 100% 0%
» TOTAL 15,832 14,610 8% 100%
7.2.21 PATIENTS
2014 2013 Change
North America 176,203 171,440 3%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 52,848 51,541 3%
Latin America 31,983 29,272 9%
Asia-Pacific 25,278 17,869 41%
» TOTAL 286,312 270,122 6%
pT. 2.22 TREATMENTS
inm
2014 2013 Change
North America 26.61 25.66 4%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 8.05 7.73 4%
Latin America 4.81 4.42 9%
Asia-Pacific 3.27 2.65 23%
» TOTAL 42.74 40.46 6%
— 7.2.23 CLINICS
2014 2013 Change
North America 2,162 2,133 1%
Europe/Middle East/Africa 635 632 0%
Latin America 247 231 7%
Asia-Pacific 317 254 25%
>» TOTAL 3,361 3,250 3%



--- Page 23 ---

The Asia-Pacific region recorded an increase in
revenue of 23% to $1.36BN. This corresponds to 26%
revenue growth based on constant currencies. The
share of total revenue of this region rose from 7% in
2013 to 9% in 2014. Health care services revenue rose
by 57% (+64% on a constant currency basis) to $568 M.
Dialysis product revenue rose by 6% (+8% on a con-
stant currency basis) to $789 M. By the end of 2014, we
were treating around 25,000 patients in 317 dialysis
facilities.

Earnings
Gross profit

Gross profit in 2014 amounted to $5.00 BN, up 5% com-
pared to 2013. The gross profit margin declined from
32.4% to 31.6%. The decrease in the margin is largely
due to the lower gross profit margin in North America.

Selling, general and administrative expenses
rose by 11% to $2.64 BN (2013: $2.39 BN) and from 16.4%
to 16.7% as a percentage of revenue.

Depreciation and amortization totaled $699M
in 2014 compared with $648 M in 2013.

— 7.2.24

OPERATING INCOME (EBIT)
in SM

Research and development expenses were
$122 M, roughly on a par with the previous year’s figure
of $126M.

Operating income (EBIT)
Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) were almost
unchanged from the previous year at $2.26 BN in 2014.

In North America, operating income improved
by 1% to $1.64BN in 2014. The operating income mar-
gin decreased from 16.9% in 2013 to 15.6% in 2014.

In the International segment, operating in-
come was up 8% to $970M in 2014 compared with
$897M in 2013. The operating income margin rose
from 18.1% in 2013 to 18.4% in 2014.

Corporate costs increased in the course of
2014, as expected, particularly due to the higher legal
and consultancy expenses. The total corporate oper-
ating expenses amounted to $358M in 2014, after
$264M in 2013.

(2014 2013 Change
North America 1,643 1,623 1%
International 970 897 8%
Corporate (358) (264) 36%
> TOTAL 2,255 2,256 0%

— 7.2.25 CONDENSED STATEMENT OF INCOME
in SM

(2014 2013 Change
Revenue 15,832 14,610 8%
Cost of revenue 10,836 9,872 10%
> GROSS PROFIT 4,996 4,738 5%
In % of revenue 31.6 32.4 -
> OPERATING INCOME (EBIT) 2,255 2,256 0%
Interest expense, net au 409 1%
> EARNINGS BEFORE TAXES 1,844 1,847 0%
> NET INCOME" 1,045 1,110 -6%

" Net income attributable to the shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA.

ul
iXe)

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 24 ---

fe)
jo)

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Net interest

Net interest expenses in 2014 amounted to $411M, after
$409M in 2013. This development mainly stemmed
from the increase in average debt level as well as
one-time-costs related to the amended 2012 credit
agreement, which was expanded. This was partly
offset by a higher percentage of debt with lower
interest rates.

Detailed information can be found in the “Fi-
nancial situation” section starting on page 61 and in the
“Liquidity and capital resources” section starting on
page 158.

Tax rate
Income tax expense in the year under review amount-
ed to $584™M, compared with $592 M in 2013. This cor-
responds to an effective tax rate of 31.7%, after 32.0%
in 2013. The adjusted tax rate for 2014 was 33.4%.

Net income
Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA fell by 6% to $1.05BN
in the financial year 2014.

Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share (eps) fell by 5% in 2014 to
$3.46, compared with $3.65 in 2013. The average
weighted number of shares outstanding in 2014
was around 302.3M (2013: 303.8M). Details on how

earnings per share are derived can be found in the
“Notes to consolidated financial statements” starting on
page 178.

Value added statement

The value added statement reflects Fresenius Medical
Care’s total economic output in 2014. All outlays, such
as the consumption by value of purchased goods and
services as well as depreciation and amortization,
have been deducted from the company’s perfor-
mance. The value added of Fresenius Medical Care in
2014 was $8.16 BN, up 9% from $7.50BN in 2013. The
bulk of this, 71% or $5.82 BN, was paid to employees,
while 7% or $584™M went to the public sector. Lenders
partook of around $495 or 6%. The shareholders
and noncontrolling interests received around 7% or
$529 M. $731M from the value added remained in the
company for reinforcement of business.

Status of incoming orders

Just under three-quarters of Fresenius Medical Care’s
business model involves regular services that are not
determined by project-related incoming orders. Prod-
uct business, which chiefly consists of single-use
products, is mainly characterized by consistent long-
term demand rather than product-related orders. For
these reasons, reporting of the order volume is not
an informative indicator for the earnings develop-
ment of Fresenius Medical Care.

7.2.26 VALUE ADDED STATEMENT
in $M
2014 2013

Creation

Company output 15,877 100% 14,668 100%
Outlays (7,016) -44% (6,525) -44%
Gross value added 8,861 56% 8,143 56%
Depreciation and amortization (699) 4% (648) -4%
» NET VALUE ADDED 8,162 52% 7,495 52%
Utilization’

Employees 5,823 71% 5,199 69%
Public sector 584 7% 592 8%
Lenders 495 6% 448 6%
Shareholders and noncontrolling interests 529 7% 454 6%
Company 731 9% 802 11%
> NET VALUE ADDED 8,162 100% 7,495 100%

Assuming the distribution of 2014 profits is approved by the annual general meeting on May 19, 2015.


--- Page 25 ---

FINANCIAL SITUATION

In the last financial year, we adapted our investment
and financing strategy to the strategic expansion of
our business. Consequently, in addition to the
strengthening of our dialysis services business, invest-
ing activities were focused on expanding medical care
beyond dialysis treatment. We still regard our refi-
nancing options as being very stable and flexible.

Principles and objectives of financial management
Besides optimizing our financial costs, financial flexi-
bility takes top priority in Fresenius Medical Care’s
financing strategy. The company ensures this flexibil-
ity by using a wide range of financial instruments and
securing a high level of diversification with regard to
our investors and banks. Our financing profile is char-
acterized by a wide spread of maturities up to 2024.
Our main financing instrument is the syndicat-
ed amended 2012 credit agreement with revolving
credit facilities and loans in u.s. dollars and euros. In
addition, in recent years, we have placed unsecured
senior notes in euros and u.s. dollars. Furthermore,

Fresenius Medical Care has sufficient financing flexi-
bility in the form of credit facilities and an accounts
receivable facility. These instruments enable us to
borrow funds at short notice as required.

With only partially drawn credit facilities and
our accounts receivable facility, which was extend-
ed in November 2014, we have sufficient financial
resources. Our target for committed and unutilized
credit facilities remains between $300M and $500M.
Our main 2015 financing needs are the principal re-
payments under the syndicated credit agreement and
the dividend payment estimated at $287M.

In our long-term financial planning, we focus
primarily on the leverage ratio, defined as the
debt/eBiTpA ratio. This sets our total financial debt
in relation with our earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). Fresenius
Medical Care holds a strong position in the growing
dialysis sector, which is considered in general non-
cyclical. This industry is characterized by relatively
stable cash flows. Our market position is further sup-
ported by a high creditworthiness of most of our
customers. A substantial portion of our accounts

(— T.2.27 MAJOR FINANCING INSTRUMENTS

Amount in M Coupon Maturity
Credit agreement, revolving credit facility in $ $1,000 - October 30, 2019
Credit agreement, revolving credit facility in € €400 = October 30, 2019
Credit agreement, term loan A in $* $2,500 - October 30, 2019
Credit agreement, term loan A in €" €300 = October 30, 2019
Senior notes 2010-2016 €250 5.50% July 15, 2016

3-month Euribor

Senior notes 2011-2016 €100 +3.50% October 15, 2016
Senior notes 2007-2017 $500 6.875% July 15, 2017
Senior notes 2011-2018 $400 6.50% September 15, 2018
Senior notes 2011-2018 €400 6.50% September 15, 2018
Senior notes 2012-2019 €250 5.25% July 31, 2019
Senior notes 2012-2019 $800 5.625% July 31, 2019
Equity-neutral convertible bonds 2014-20207 €400 1.125% January 31, 2020
Senior notes 2014-2020 $500 4.125% October 15, 2020
Senior notes 2011-2021 $650 5.75% February 15, 2021
Senior notes 2011-2021 €300 5.25% February 15, 2021
Senior notes 2012-2022 $700 5.875% January 31, 2022
Senior notes 2014-2024 $400 4.75% October 15, 2024
Accounts receivable facility $800 - November 24, 2017

1 Initial amount before amortization.

Concurrently with the bond issuance, Fresenius Medical Care has purchased call options (cash-settled) on its shares to off-set in full the economic

exposure from a potential exercise of the conversion rights embedded in the bonds. Therefore, the instrument will not result in the issuance of new shares
upon conversion. A dilution of Fresenius Medical Care’s share capital through issuance of new shares in connection with this transaction is ruled out.

fo)
=

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 26 ---

0)
Ny

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

receivable are generated by governmental health care
institutions. While payment and collection practices
vary not only between countries but also between
individual authorities, governmental payors usually
represent a lower to moderate credit risk. This allows
us a more consistent and higher level of debt than
may be the case in other industries. At the end of 2014,
the debt/EBITDA ratio was 3.1. Further information on
this can be found in the “Strategy, objectives and
corporate management” section starting on page 41 and in
the “Outlook” chapter starting on page 105.

For detailed information on financing, please
see the “Liquidity and capital resources” section starting
on page 158.

Credit rating
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services confirmed Fresenius
Medical Care’s corporate credit rating of “BB+” and
gave a “positive” outlook. The rating from Moody's
remains “Bat” with a “stable” outlook. The ratings
agency Fitch confirmed the corporate credit rating of
“BB+” and gave a “positive” outlook.

Effect of off-balance-sheet financing
instruments on our financial situation and assets
and liabilities
Fresenius Medical Care is not involved in any off-
balance-sheet transactions that would be likely to
materially affect the company’s financial situation,
profit and loss position, liquidity, investments, assets

or capitalization.

Liquidity analysis
Our main sources of liquidity are our net cash provid-
ed by operating activities and loans granted by third
parties, as well as the use of other financing instru-
ments as required. We need these resources primarily
to finance working capital, to fund acquisitions, to

build, expand and equip our own dialysis centers and
production facilities, and to repay debt and to pay
dividends. For detailed information on liquidity, please
see the “Liquidity and capital resources” section starting
on page 158.

18" consecutive dividend increase
Management board and supervisory board will pro-
pose the 18" consecutive dividend increase to the
annual general meeting: The recommended dividend
per share is to increase from €0.77 for 2013 to €0.78
for 2014. The total dividend payout expected will
amount to approximately €237M (2013: €232M). For
further information on the dividend, please refer to
the “Dividend continuity” section on page 31.

Capital expenditures and acquisitions
In 2014, Fresenius Medical Care spent $2.69 BN on cap-
ital expenditures, acquisitions and the purchase of
intangible assets. $1,996M of this was spent on the
North America segment, $407M on the International
segment and $287m for corporate functions.

Total net investment in property, plant and
equipment was $920M, up from $728M in 2013. A large
portion of capital expenditures — $489 Mm — concerned
equipping existing and new clinics. In addition, $286m
was invested in the maintenance and expansion of
production capacity, primarily in Germany, North
America, Colombia and Serbia. $157M was spent on
equipping sales companies, including the capitaliza-
tion of dialysis machines provided to customers —
mainly in the International segment. A lesser amount
of $12M accrued due to divestments. Capital expen-
ditures on property, plant and equipment amounted
to some 6% of overall revenue, at the same level as
in the previous year.

T. 2.28 CREDIT RATING
Corporate credit rating Outlook Senior debt
secured unsecured
2014 2013 2012 2014 2014 2014
Standard & Poor's' BB+ BB+ BB+ Positive BBB- BB+
Moody's Bal Bal Bal Stable Baa3 Ba2
Fitch BB+ BB+ BB+ Positive BBB- BB+

? In January 2015, Standard & Poor's raised the corporate credit rating to BBB- and issued a stable outlook


--- Page 27 ---

50% of net investments were used for expan-
sion activities, while 50% were spent on maintaining
existing production sites and dialysis clinics.

In geographical terms, 44% of our net invest-
ments were made in North America, followed by cor-
porate functions with 31%, Europe with 17%, Asia-
Pacific with 4% and Latin America with 4%.

In 2014, $1,779M was spent on acquisitions,
primarily for expanding care coordination activities
and acquiring clinics. $1,602 M of this sum was for the
North America segment, $175 m for the International
segment and $2 for corporate functions. For further
details on acquisitions, please see the “Liquidity and
capital resources” section starting on page 158.

Cash flow analysis
Our consolidated statement of cash flows gives an
insight into how our company has generated and
used cash and cash equivalents (cash flow). In con-
junction with the other main components of the

consolidated financial statements, the consolidated
statement of cash flows provides information that
helps to assess the changes to our net assets and our
financial structure (including liquidity and solvency).

The cash flow from operating activities is used
to assess whether a business can generate the funds
required to finance replacement and expansion invest-
ments. The indicator “net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities in percent of revenue” shows
what percentage of revenue is available in the form
of funds.

Net cash provided by operating activities is
impacted by the profitability of our business and the
development of our working capital, primarily inven-
tories and receivables.

The days sales outstanding, in other words the
number of days that pass before customers settle
outstanding invoices of Fresenius Medical Care, de-
creased in the year under review. The days sales out-
standing in the North America segment were reduced

4% Asia-Pacific >
4% Latin America >

17% Europe/Middle East/Africa >

31% Corporate >

7.2.29 NET INVESTMENTS AND ACQUISITIONS
in SM
Of which acquisi-
Of which tions/intangible
property, plant assets and other Of which
2014 and equipment investments divestitures 2013
North America 1,996 403 1,602 9 771
International 407 232 175 0 268
Corporate 287 285 2 0 167
» TOTAL 2,690 920 1,779 9 1,206
r ¢. 2.30 NET INVESTMENTS IN PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT BY REGIONS

4.44% North America

0)
W

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 28 ---

(o>)
rs

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

by a further three days in 2014. The high days sales
outstanding in the International segment compared
with the North America segment mainly reflect the
average payment delays by government and private
entities.

Public health institutions in numerous coun-
tries outside the u.s. require a significant length of
time until payment is made because a substantial
number of payors are government entities whose
payments are often determined by local laws and
regulations and budget constraints.

In 2014, net cash provided by operating activ-
ities was down on the previous year at $1.86 BN. Cash
flows were used for investing activities (expenditures
and acquisitions). A detailed description of addition-
al factors is presented in the “Liquidity and capital
resources” section starting on page 158.

— 7.2.31

DAYS SALES OUTSTANDING

in days, December 31

In the year under review, we achieved a free
cash flow of $0.94BN compared to $1.31BN in 2013.
Taking account of payments for acquisitions (net of
divestitures) of $1.77 BN (2013: $478M), we achieved a
free cash flow after acquisitions and divestitures of
$-829 M compared to $829 in the previous year.

For further information, please see the “Cap-
ital expenditures and acquisitions” section starting on
page 53.

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

We recorded an increase in total assets and improved
our asset situation once again in the year under re-
view. The key balance sheet indicators reflect our
sustainable growth and successful performance.

2014 2013 Change
North America 50 53 -3
International 114 110 4
» TOTAL 72 73
7.2.32 ABBREVIATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW

in SM

2014 2013 Change
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 683 688 -1%
Net cash provided by operating activities 1,861 2,035 -9%
Net cash provided by investing activities (2,690) (1,206) 123%
Net cash provided by financing activities 805 (808) -
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (25) (26) -
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 634 683 -7%
Free cash flow 941 1,307 -28%

1 A detailed representation can be found in the “Consolidated statements of cash flows” section starting on page 174.

pC. 2.33 NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES
in SM
2014 1,861
2013 2,035



--- Page 29 ---

Balance sheet structure analysis
The group's total assets increased by 10% year-on-
year to $25.45B8N. The growth rate on a constant
currency basis was 15%.

Non-current assets increased by 11% (+15% on
a constant currency basis) to $18.72 BN at the end of
2014. This corresponds to approximately 74% of the
group’s total assets. The increase in non-current as-
sets in absolute terms is mainly attributable to acqui-
sitions and capital expenditures.

Non-current assets include goodwill of
$13.08 BN (previous year: $11.66 BN), primarily from the
foundation of Fresenius Medical Care in 1996, the
acquisition of Renal Care Group, Inc., in 2006 and the
acquisition of Liberty Dialysis Holdings, Inc., in 2012
as well as acquisitions in the fiscal year. Property,
plant and equipment increased by 6% to $3.29BN in
the year under review, largely as a result of capital
expenditures. Further information on this can be
found in the “Capital expenditures and acquisitions”
section starting on page 53.

Current assets increased by 7% (+13% on a
constant currency basis) to $6.72 BN at the end of 2014.
The main reason for this development was the 11%
increase in other assets. The increase is attributable
to a rise in tax refund claims and available for sale
financial assets. In addition, receivables increased by

6% (+13% ON a constant currency basis). This devel-
opment was primarily attributable to the group's
business growth. For further information, see the
“Financial situation” section starting on page 61.

On the liabilities side of the balance sheet,
equity increased by 6% to $10.03 BN at the end of 2014.
This was primarily a result of earnings, the purchase
of noncontrolling interests and the exercise of stock
options. The equity base was reduced by foreign-
currency translation adjustments, mainly due to the
appreciation of the u.s. dollar against the euro, actu-
arial losses in the valuation of benefit obligations,
payment of the dividend for 2013 and the fair value
measurement of noncontrolling interests subject to
put provisions. The equity ratio fell by two percent-
age points year-on-year to 39%.

Liabilities increased by 13% (+16% on a con-
stant currency basis) to $15.42 BN. Financial liabilities
amounted to $9.53BN after $8.42BN in 2013. Of this
figure, $0.45 BN related to current financial liabilities
(2013: $0.67BN). Non-current financial liabilities
amounted to $9.08 BN in 2014 after $7.75 BN in 2013. As
in the previous year, 72% of financial liabilities were
u.s. dollar-denominated.

More information can be found in the “Liquid-
ity and capital resources” section starting on page 158 and
in the “Consolidated balance sheets” starting on page 172.

— 7.2.34 BALANCE SHEET STRUCTURE
in$M
As % AS %
2014 of total assets 2013 of total assets
Assets

Non-current assets 18,722 74% 16,833 73%
Current assets 6,725 26% 6,287 27%
Thereof accounts receivable 3,397 13% 3,190 14%
Thereof inventories 1,116 4% 1,097 5%
Thereof other assets 2,212 9% 2,000 8%
> TOTAL ASSETS 25,447 100% 23,120 100%

Equity and liabilities
Equity 10,028 39% 9,485 41%
Liabilities 15,419 61% 13,635 59%
Thereof non-current liabilities 11,942 47% 10,081 44%
Thereof current liabilities 3,477 14% 3,554 15%

» TOTAL EQUITY
AND LIABILITIES 25,447 100% 23,120 100%

* Including noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions.

fo)
ul

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL SITUATION, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 30 ---

fe)
fe)

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT

Developing new products and improving our dialysis treatments form
an integral part of our growth strategy. Our global research and
development (R&D) activities enable us to develop products efficiently
and to systematically promote the exchange of knowledge and
technology between the regions.

GLOBAL RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY

We are present in more than 120 countries around the
world with our products. The market conditions in
some of these countries vary considerably. Fresenius
Medical Care successfully takes these differences into
account with its differentiated product range. Our
familiarity with the particular features of our markets
helps us to build trust and rapport with our patients.
Our R&D activities also benefit from this: As we de-
velop our products locally, we can address regional
requirements quickly.

The demand for improved, high-quality yet
cost-efficient treatment methods is raising, world-
wide. To enable us to respond even better to this
situation in the future, we have reorganized our
research and development in the last two years. Over-
all, we have identified six core areas as the future
focal points of our R&D activities, see chart 2.35.

1. Market leadership

The treatment of chronic kidney disease is a medical
success story that Fresenius Medical Care has contrib-
uted to significantly over the past decades; we are
now the world’s leading provider of dialysis products
and services. To maintain this position in the future,
our R&D teams face the major task of continuously
researching new technical possibilities and further
enhancing therapies.

2. Vertical integration

As we are a vertically integrated company, our em-
ployees in the R&D department also benefit from
direct access to the opinions and experience of pa-
tients and experts at our own dialysis centers. This
helps them to enhance our products in such a way as
to optimize and further automate processes in the
clinics, and to simplify operations. This again enables
us to further improve patient safety.

Health care systems face major financial chal-
lenges in the long term. This is even more reason for
Fresenius Medical Care to abide by a principle that
is also specified in our internal research guidelines:
Innovations not only have to be of high quality,
but they must also be affordable so that patients
can benefit from them. Based on our experience in
operating our own dialysis clinics, we do not consid-
er these to be incompatible demands.

3. Global portfolio management

Different markets have different requirements. Our
modular system in the area of product development
enables us to standardize the basic functions and in-
dividual components of our therapy systems interna-
tionally. At the same time, it allows us to respond to
local requirements with suitably adapted products. In
future, we aim to further expand this uniform platform
architecture with the aim of reducing development
times, achieving economies of scale in purchasing and
bundling our development resources.

¢.2.35 ——________________ CORE AREAS R&D ACTIVITIES
Efficiency Growth
v v v v v v
Market leadership || Vertical Global portfolio New Home therapies _ || Emerging markets
integration management technologies and
applications



--- Page 31 ---

As a provider of medical products, we are sub-
ject to a host of requirements imposed by various
state regulatory bodies. To comply with these, our
portfolio management also includes standardizing
our process and control structures as well as support-
ing various quality initiatives within the company.

4. New technologies and applications
Dialysis has only been available as a standard treat-
ment for chronic kidney failure for about 50 years.
However, the complex interactions and concomitant
effects that occur with kidney failure are being
increasingly explored. At the same time, the techno-
logical possibilities for treating patients are also
improving. Our aim is to quickly turn new findings
into market-ready products, enabling us to offer
patients gentler, safer and more individual treatment.

In 2014, we again pressed ahead with enhanc-
ing our products and introduced several major inno-
vations in our markets. The main new products for
home dialysis are sleep.safe harmony and Liberty PDx
for automated peritoneal dialysis, which is usually
performed at night. Both products are now easier to
use and also feature a wide range of expanded ther-
apy options. This makes it possible to cater for pa-
tients’ individual needs in home dialysis, too, as well
as providing safer and more flexible treatment. In
addition, the devices are equipped with modern com-
munication technology to ensure an uninterrupted
exchange of information with the treating clinic.

In the area of hemodialysis, we launched a
new version of our proven Crit-Line system for mon-
itoring the blood volume, which communicates
directly with the dialysis machine. This allows the
Crit-Line device to automatically regulate fluid re-
moval from the patient in line with the physician’s
prescription. As scientific studies consistently show
that fluid status is a key criterion for patients’ long-
term prognosis, we expect this automatic regulation
to provide widespread improvement in terms of this
treatment parameter without increasing the work-
load of nursing staff.

For several years, clinical research has provid-
ed new insights into the role of sodium concentra-
tion in the plasma of dialysis patients, partly influ-
enced by the level of sodium in the dialysate.
Previously, a patient's so-called sodium balance

during dialysis treatment depended on a number of
factors, some of which were beyond the control of
the prescribing physician. In the year under review,
Fresenius Medical Care launched a system to auto-
matically balance sodium levels for the 5008 series
dialysis machines, allowing the machine to control
the sodium balance itself.

5. Home therapies

More people than ever suffer from chronic kidney
failure. The resultant higher cost burden for health
care systems and limited availability of trained per-
sonnel for dialysis centers boosts demand for home
therapy systems. Home dialysis and its associated
technologies and products are therefore another key
focal point of our R&D activities.

In addition to the sleep.safe harmony and
Liberty PDx devices mentioned above, which we
unveiled in 2014, we continued developing a portable
dialysis machine and bundled our activities in this
area. The focus of our work here was on the Portable
Artificial Kidney (PAK), which we expect to launch in
the u.s. in 2015. The main advantages of the PAK com-
pared with conventional dialysis machines are its
small size and transportability along with a significant
reduction in the amount of water required from 120 li-
ters on average to between six and ten liters per
treatment. This means that the PAK is extremely
resource-efficient, flexible and can be used almost
anywhere, giving home dialysis patients maximum
independence and mobility.

6. Emerging markets

Our growth strategy includes gearing our business
operations towards attractive future markets. In ad-
dition, we want to provide more and more people
with access to life-saving dialysis treatment. For ex-
ample, we plan to offer basic therapy systems in
future that are especially tailored to the Chinese mar-
ket. We aim to press ahead with our R&D activities in
this area especially in our new “China Design Center”
in Shanghai; the conditions for establishing this were
put in place in 2014. Teams of employees from R&D,
Production and Purchasing will work together in this
center on an interdisciplinary basis to develop market-
ready products for the local dialysis market in an
efficient way.

fo)
“i

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 32 ---

fe)
©

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

RESULTS OF OUR
CLINICAL RESEARCH

In addition to developing new products and proce-
dures and continuously enhancing existing ones, we
are also active in areas of clinical research that are
relevant to our work, such as chronic kidney failure
in the broadest sense and technologically related
blood purification procedures.

In 2014, we again undertook clinical studies to
examine the automatic regulation of the electrolyte
balance; they were instrumental in the development
of the system described above for automatically
balancing sodium levels for dialysis machines.

Another current focus of our clinical studies is
peritoneal dialysis (PD) and especially overhydration,
which affects many PD patients. We carried out a
study to show that active fluid management increas-
es the survival rate, reduces the number and duration
of hospital stays and improves maintenance of resid-
ual renal function. In the area of hemodialysis, our
Body Composition Monitor (BcM) analysis system is
already an integral part of therapy, enabling us to
determine each patient's individual fluid status and
body composition. The study makes it clear that the
BCM can also help to improve fluid management in PD
patients, thus increasing their life expectancy.

COOPERATION IN
RESEARCH EXTENDED

We work with universities and research institutes
around the world that operate in our specialist field.
One example is Danube University Krems in Austria,
where we have funded research into extracorporeal
blood purification processes with sorbents for more
than 20 years. This long-standing partnership with an
excellent team of specialists was ultimately one of the
reasons why we decided to invest further in our
Krems facility.

We also maintain close contact with research
institutes in the U.s., where our cooperation partners

include renowned universities as well as the Renal
Research Institute (RRI) in New York. This subsidiary of
Fresenius Medical Care North America is a leading
institution in the field of clinical research into chronic
kidney failure. Together, we are working on some
fundamental issues related to dialysis treatment.
These include the complex causes of kidney disease
as well as issues such as fluid management in dialysis
patients.

In our collaboration with national and inter-
national universities and other scientific institutions,
we use various financing models. Some of our re-
search alliances are also publicly funded.

RISE IN R&D EXPENDITURE

In the year under review, Fresenius Medical Care spent
a total of around $122 M on research and development
(2013: $126M). Around a quarter of our R&D expendi-
ture was spent on advance development, in which the
foundations for future product innovations are laid.

At the end of 2014, our patent portfolio com-
prised some 6,133 property rights in approximately
960 patent families, i.e. groups of patents linked to
an invention. Our development work in the year un-
der review produced around 70 additional patent fam-
ilies. Fresenius Medical Care is continuously working
on innovative, multifunctional blood cassettes for use
in extracorporeal treatment methods. The innova-
tions could significantly improve the handling, patient
safety and therapeutic capability of the blood cas-
settes. A broad portfolio of patents will provide us
with a wide range of treatment options in future in
this area, which is also the subject of research by
competitors.

In 2014, 599 highly qualified employees worked
for Fresenius Medical Care in R&D worldwide (2013:
552). They come from various backgrounds: Physi-
cians work side by side with software specialists,
business economists and engineers in interdisciplin-
ary teams.


--- Page 33 ---

Around 370 and therefore most of ouremploy- Development activities in Hong Kong and Changshu

ees in R&D are based in Europe. Most activities are (China) are focused on the growing demand for
carried out at our German facilities in Schweinfurt — cost-effective dialysis systems. Cooperation and tech-
and Bad Homburg. Other R&D sites are in St. Wendel —_ nology exchange between the various sites are coor-
(Germany), Bucharest (Romania) and Krems (Austria).  dinated by the global R&D organization.
The company maintains centers of excellence in the As part of our innovation culture, we also
u.s. for device development in Concord and Lake For- __ strive to carry out research and development respon-
est, California, as well as for the development of di- _ sibly. For more information on this, see the “Respon-
alyzers and other disposable products in Ogden, Utah. _ sibility” chapter starting on page 86.

 T. 2.36 ———____________—__ EXPENDITURES FOR R&D
in$M
(2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
> TOTAL 122 126 112 111 97
(— T.2.37 NUMBER OF PATENTS
(2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
> TOTAL 6,133 5,560 4,850 4,415 3,601
1.2.38 ———__——_——————_ NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES IN R&D
Full-time equivalents
(2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
> TOTAL 599 552 530 530 503

0)
Co)

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 34 ---

|
o

PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCTION

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

PROCUREMENT
AND PRODUCTION

As the industry leader in dialysis, we can call on considerable internal
resources in production. These include manufacturing capacity in
all regions as well as expertise in complex production technologies and
processes. Furthermore, we have extensive skills in quality management,
procurement and logistics for sophisticated medical products.

CENTRAL GLOBAL MANUFACTURING
OPERATIONS DIVISION:
EFFICIENCY IN THE VALUE CHAIN

The Global Manufacturing Operations (Gmo) division

manages all of Fresenius Medical Care's activities in

purchasing of raw materials and semi-finished goods,

production including quality management, and distri-

bution in North America. This centralized approach

enables us to

» continuously enhance the efficiency of our processes,

> optimize cost structures,

» improve returns on our capital invested in manufac-
turing,

> respond more flexibly,

> fulfill our commitment to meeting high quality and
safety standards.

In this way, we are able to make a lasting contribu-
tion to the success of our operating activities.

With a focus on quality, costs and availability,
Gmo has introduced a state-of-the-art infrastructure
with corresponding efficient processes and systems
in the last few years, as well as bundling and optimiz-
ing existing structures.

At the end of 2014, Gmo had 14,767 employees
(2013: 13,706) at 40 production sites in around 25 coun-
tries. In the sections below, we describe the func-
tions and activities of the amo division across our
value chain.

STRATEGIC PURCHASING:
GLOBAL RESPONSIBILITY,
CONSISTENT QUALITY

Our strategic purchasing is geared towards ensuring
the availability, safety and quality of the materials
used in production. The goal is to further expand
Fresenius Medical Care’s competitive and globally
balanced supplier network. Our purchasing employ-
ees in the various regions work closely together to
select the right business partners for the flexible
supply of raw materials.

The purchasing volume of materials and
bought-in services in the Gmo division in 2014 totalling
around $1.4BN was up slightly on the previous year’s
figure of $1.3BN. This was mainly due to increased
demand for dialysis products and the resultant rise in
the production volume. Relative to revenue, material
expenses within GMO amounted to 9%, and were
therefore largely unchanged compared to the previ-
ous year.

Our procurement strategy focuses on support-
ing the company’s strategy for sustainable growth in
the best possible way. We achieve this by procuring
high-quality materials and components through long-
term mutual relationships with our suppliers.

To enable us to identify opportunities to in-
crease efficiency even more reliably and make more
effective use of them, we have further expanded our
global activities and international coordination pro-
cesses in purchasing. In the year under review, we

€.2.39 GLOBAL MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS (GMO)
Product Purchasing Production Distribution Regional
development to distribution distribution to
> > 2
centers sales companies
and customers

a
Only part of GMO in
North America



--- Page 35 ---

focused on structuring a global purchasing organiza-
tion and enhancing our global IT systems. In the next
few years, we will also focus on purchasing-related
processes and systems, for example expanding our
international reporting and controlling systems or
harmonizing and standardizing system support for
purchasing-related quality processes.

As was the case last year, greater diversifica-
tion of our supplier portfolio is a key priority in the
field of risk management. The aim here is to avoid
supply bottlenecks and minimize price fluctuations.

By further standardizing our procurement pro-
cesses, centralizing them and making them more
transparent, we can continuously boost our efficiency
in purchasing while ensuring a constant supply of
material and maintaining our quality level. In the year
under review, we took another major step towards
globally harmonized procurement processes by incor-
porating North America, the only region not yet
included, in our strategic purchasing system.

OUR PRODUCTION SITES:
DIVISION OF TASKS IN THE GROWING
GLOBAL NETWORK

Our production strategy is aimed at manufacturing
top-quality products in the right place at the right
time at the best possible price. We are able to imple-
ment this strategy successfully thanks to a network
of large production sites that allows us to make tech-
nically sophisticated products and sell them world-
wide as well as production sites that primarily supply
products regionally.

For example, we produce dialysis machines at
two sites: in Schweinfurt (Germany) and in Concord
(U.S.). We manufacture most of our other products
directly in the regions in which they are needed. Our
dialyzer production facilities include Ogden (u-s.),
St. Wendel (Germany), L’'Arbresle (France) and Buzen
(Japan). Concentrates for hemodialysis are manufac-
tured in Germany, Great Britain, Spain, the u.s.,
Argentina and Australia, among others. Most of the
solutions used for peritoneal dialysis are supplied by
our production sites in St. Wendel and Ogden. Local
markets are served by our production facilities in
Brazil, Columbia and Mexico, for example.

Our largest locations in terms of production
volume are in the u.s. and Germany. chart 2.2 starting on
page 38 presents an overview of our main production
sites.

Some of our production facilities have long-
standing experience in manufacturing certain products.

As our centers of excellence, they use their expertise
in core technologies and materials to advise our local
production sites on harmonizing their processes. With
this approach, we encourage the exchange of partic-
ularly successful procedures and methods between the
different regions and locations.

At the same time, we are continuously assess-
ing new opportunities for different regions to supply
each other with products and components. Our aim
in doing so is to further increase efficiency in our
production network and ensure that we can con-
tinue to meet the growing demand in the future.
Thanks to harmonized processes as well as standard-
ized materials and product components, the whole
company benefits from the production capacities in
the various regions.

Production facilities expanded

We expanded and modernized many of our produc-
tion sites in 2014. For example, in St. Wendel we com-
missioned a new polysulfone spinning system. Poly-
sulfone fibers are a key component of our dialyzers.
To meet the growing demand in this area, we plan to
invest around €70M in the next three years in the
expansion of our plant in L’Arbresle, France. A total
of seven production lines for polysulfone fibers are to
be installed in a new wing by 2018. We have also
started building a new production site in Columbia. It
will completely replace the old one at the end of 2015
to become our largest facility in Latin America.

Our production facility in Vrsac, Serbia, went
into operation in December 2014. Here, we aim to
double our production capacity for specific dispos-
able products such as bloodline systems in Serbia,
enabling us to cover the expected growing demand
in Europe and Latin America in the years ahead.

Highest quality standards
At Fresenius Medical Care, we believe that the quali-
ty and reliability of our products and therapies must
be as high as possible to ensure the best medical care
for our patients and customers. To help us fulfill this
aspiration and the numerous regulatory requirements,
our processes in the business regions are incorporat-
ed into comprehensive quality management systems.
These ensure that all of our products and procedures
comply with quality and safety standards from devel-
opment, market approval, manufacture and their use
in clinics, right up to training customers and dealing
with complaints. Our quality management systems
used in production combine internal regulations, pro-
cesses and procedures with the demands of general-
ly recognized external standards and guidelines. Our

“
—_

PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCTION

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 36 ---

“l
N

PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCTION

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

plants apply recognized quality management tools
such as Lean Six Sigma — see the glossary starting on page 247 —
for optimizing production and testing processes as
well as general workflows.

Fresenius Medical Care has established com-
parable processes in production in all regions to en-
sure adherence to in-house quality standards and
legal requirements. In addition, some of our produc-
tion sites are certified according to several regional
quality standards. To further harmonize our process-
es and link them throughout the company, we con-
tinued to run projects with the aim of further inte-
grating and standardizing the quality management
system in the year under review. In doing so, we
systematically compare the methods established in
different regions and then implement the best possi-
ble solution, fulfilling the highest possible quality
standards in all areas.

In the year under review, we developed a
system that records, assesses and processes correc-
tive and preventive measures in the Gmo division ina
standardized form. We want to introduce this system
at all production facilities in the first half of 2015. The
aim is to further improve communication processes
across all sites, thus further minimizing the risk of
supply bottlenecks.

DISTRIBUTION TO THE REGIONS

In North America, GMo manages the entire value
chain — from purchasing raw materials to delivering
finished products to our customers. In the other re-
gions, GMo’s responsibility only goes as far as deliv-
ering finished goods to our central distribution cen-
ters; the regions themselves are responsible for the
further stages of the supply chain.

Our regional supply chain management teams
work closely with Gmo and Sales and Marketing to
be able to align production capacities and inventory
management even more closely with medium-term
demand patterns. In addition, we are continuously
expanding our planning system for demand assess-
ment and inventory management with respect to our
most important disposable products. A special distri-
bution logic ensures that production orders for the
same products and manufacturing methods are effi-
ciently spread among the relevant production sites.


--- Page 37 ---

OUR PRODUCTS

We are continuously enhancing our products based on our longstanding
experience and extensive technical expertise. Our aim is to constantly
optimize the success of dialysis treatment, minimize risk factors
for cardiovascular diseases, make the daily routine easier for dialysis
patients, and improve their quality of life. Our main considerations
in developing and manufacturing our dialysis products are their quality
and safety.

PRODUCTS FOR HEMODIALYSIS

Hemodialysis (HD) is by far the most common type of
therapy for chronic kidney failure. In dialysis centers,
the patient's blood is filtered outside the body in
what is called a dialyzer. In this process, toxins and
excess water are removed from the blood, while
blood cells and important proteins are retained.
Blood circulation is monitored and controlled by a
dialysis machine during treatment. Fresenius Medical
Care offers a comprehensive range of products for HD,
including machines and modular machine compo-
nents, dialyzers, bloodline systems, HD solutions and
concentrates, water treatment systems, data process-
ing and analysis systems, and dialysis chairs.

Dialysis machines
Computer-controlled dialysis machines perform key
tasks in hemodialysis: They pump the blood from the
body through a bloodline system into the dialyzer.
A dialysis fluid absorbs the toxins filtered out of the
blood and excess water and transports them out of
the body. The dialysis fluid is fed into the dialyzer via
a separate cycle. The device can also add an anti-
coagulation drug to the blood. In addition, the
machine is equipped with various automatic monitor-
ing and control functions that are intended to ensure
safe and efficient dialysis treatment. The special
design of our hemodialysis machines allows treat-
ment to be tailored to patients’ individual needs and
makes it easier for us to constantly enhance our
devices and modules.

With its 2008T, 40085 classic and 5008 CorDiax
series dialysis machines, Fresenius Medical Care is the
clear market leader in this product segment. We sold
around 43,000 dialysis machines worldwide in 2014
(2013: 44,000). This means that around one in two sys-
tems sold are produced by Fresenius Medical Care.

The 5008 CorDiax and 5008s CorDiax therapy
systems feature an extremely intuitive user interface.
A touchscreen makes the devices easy and safe for
physicians and nursing staff to use. In addition, these
dialysis machines allow for HighVolumeHDF — see glossary

starting on page 247 — aS a Standard feature. The CorDiax
series enables very easy and safe HDF treatments with
a high replacement volume. HighVolumeHDF has nu-
merous benefits with regard to dialysis-related cardio-
vascular risk factors. It is currently recognized as the
most effective form of dialysis treatment, and comes
closest to the function of a healthy kidney. The 4008s
classic system boasts impressive standard features
and delivers very high treatment quality as well as
reliability and safety at a low price. This gives even
more dialysis patients easier access to high-quality
dialysis treatment, for instance in regions with a poor
infrastructure.

The 2008T dialysis machine for the North
American market combines state-of-the-art treatment
technology with the Fresenius Clinical Data Exchange
(CDx) system, a software to record and exchange clin-
ical data. This means that nursing staff have direct
on-site access to dialysis treatment data and all other
clinical data that was previously recorded and stored
in different sources. As a result, this integrated treat-
ment system simplifies routines as well as billing.

Dialyzers

The dialyzer assumes key functions of the kidney. The
patient's blood flows through a plastic tube approx-
imately 30 centimeters long with up to 20,000 ultra-
thin fibers. These extremely high-performance fibers
are made of Fresenius Polysulfone, a special plastic
characterized by exceptional cleansing properties and
blood compatibility. This material is the result of our
pioneering work in the development and production
of dialyzers, and sets new standards in dialysis. The
Helixone membrane, also developed and produced
by Fresenius Medical Care, is an enhanced form of
Polysulfone.

Fresenius Medical Care also leads the field
worldwide in the area of dialyzers. We provide a wide
range of these devices comprising our Fx and FX
CorDiax dialyzer series as well as the Optiflux series
in North America. In doing so, we meet the specific
requirements of various therapy methods and pa-
tients’ individual needs. Fresenius Medical Care has

“l
W

OUR PRODUCTS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 38 ---

NI
BK

OUR PRODUCTS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

also developed dialyzers with a low blood-priming
volume specifically for treating children with dialysis.
Fresenius Medical Care sold about 115M dialyzers in
2014 (2013: 106 M). The company therefore accounts for
almost half of these products sold worldwide.

From manufacturing membranes to packag-
ing, Fresenius Medical Care carries out the entire pro-
duction process for dialyzers under one roof. This
enables us to ensure high quality standards.

Analysis systems

Overhydration is a widespread problem among dial-
ysis patients and a significant cause of cardiovascular
diseases. In addition, it can reduce the effectiveness
of medication prescribed for illnesses associated with
kidney failure. An optimum fluid balance is therefore
a key challenge in treating patients with chronic kid-
ney failure.

The patient's individual fluid status can be
measured extremely well with the Fresenius Medical
Care Body Composition Monitor analysis system. The
results can also be used to track and better under-
stand the correlation between overhydration and
blood pressure in individual patients.

The Crit-Line analysis device developed for the
North American market also measures changes in the
fluid balance of hemodialysis patients during treat-
ment. This makes it possible to identify risk patients
who are severely overhydrated but otherwise show
no clinical symptoms. Crit-Line is also used to support
the treatment of anemia in kidney patients.

PRODUCTS FOR PERITONEAL DIALYSIS

In peritoneal dialysis (PD), the peritoneum is used as
a natural filter. It has similar properties to dialyzer
membranes: It allows certain substances to permeate
its pores, while retaining others. PD is carried out by
patients themselves while at home or away, for ex-
ample at work. Most PD patients still have a certain
degree of residual kidney function. We offer systems
and solutions for continuous ambulatory peritoneal
dialysis (CAPD) and automated peritoneal dialysis (APD).
Both therapies are supported by our patient manage-
ment software.

Continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis

In continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD),
dialysis solution is fed manually from a bag through
a catheter into the patient's abdominal cavity, where
it is flushed through the peritoneum. This process is
carried out three to five times a day. After four to five
hours, the patient drains the dialysis solution — now
mixed with metabolic products — into an empty bag
and replaces it with fresh solution. This ensures that
the blood is continuously and gently cleansed.

Stay.safe is a secure system provided by
Fresenius Medical Care for CAPD. It consists of a bag
filled with fresh dialysis solution, an empty bag for
the used solution, a system of tubes, and Disc, a cen-
tral control switch specially developed by Fresenius
Medical Care. Thanks to PIN technology — an auto-
matic valve system — and pisc, all treatment steps can
be performed safely and easily in a defined sequence.
This virtually eliminates operating errors and prevents
bacteria from entering the catheter. All stay.safe com-
ponents are made of Biofine, an environmentally
friendly plastic developed by Fresenius Medical Care
comprising only carbon and hydrogen. Products
made of Biofine can either be recycled or disposed of
in an environmentally friendly way. The pp-Paed Plus
System is a product combination that is specifically
approved for babies and small children with a body
weight of up to 10 kilogram. It is suitable for treating
chronic and acute kidney failure as well as enabling
treatment in an incubator.

Automated peritoneal dialysis
Automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) is mostly carried
out at night. A special device called a cycler takes
over the exchange of dialysis fluid. In the evening, the
patient connects up with the cycler, which then au-
tomatically replaces the dialysate several times during
the night after just a short time in the abdominal
cavity. The cycler ensures that the dialysis solution
mixed with metabolic products is fed in and drained
out. This ensures that the blood is continuously
cleansed at night and that virtually no treatment is
required during the day.

In September 2014, Fresenius Medical Care
launched sleep.safe harmony, a new device for APD
that enables tailored treatment geared towards the
patient's needs. Fresenius Medical Care also offers
modern cyclers for APD such as sleep.safe and the
Liberty Cycler specifically for the North American
market. All devices are simple and safe to operate
thanks to user-friendly software, easy to carry and
allow patients to sleep comfortably during overnight
treatment.


--- Page 39 ---

Patient management software
We offer various patient management programs in our
regions that support both capp and app treatment.
They include PatientOnLine, IQsystem, Pack-Pp, and
FiTTesse. These programs help medical staff to tailor
dialysis treatment to the patient's individual needs.

PRODUCTS FOR FURTHER
HOME THERAPIES

Home hemodialysis (home HD) is an alternative to
dialysis in a clinic. In this form of therapy, patients
perform their own dialysis treatment at home, usual-
ly with the assistance of a partner or trained person-
nel. To do this, patients must be trained at a training
center or a clinic.

Fresenius Medical Care's home HD products
are extremely safe. In addition, in certain cases, pa-
tients can be connected to the dialysis center from
home via a data line to ensure even greater safety.
Fresenius Medical Care also supports home HD pa-
tients with comprehensive, easy-to-understand train-
ing and special services.

Our home Hp therapy systems, the 2008K@home
for the North American market and a home Hb variant
of the 5008s CorDiax, are specifically geared to the
requirements of this form of treatment.

PRODUCTS FOR ACUTE DIALYSIS

Continuous renal replacement therapy is used in
intensive-care wards to treat acute kidney failure in
critically ill patients.

Fresenius Medical Care has developed multi-
Filtrate, a therapy system that can be used for a wide
variety of continuous treatments. Special therapy op-
tions are also available for children’s intensive-care
wards.

To prevent blood coagulation during dialysis
treatment, heparin is generally administered to pa-
tients. Fresenius Medical Care was the first company
to develop a complete system for continuous renal
replacement therapy that uses citrate as an anticoag-
ulant — the multiFiltrate Ci-Ca. In contrast to heparin,
citrate only prevents coagulation in the blood circu-
lation outside the body. This especially helps patients
with acute bleeding or a susceptibility to bleeding, for
example caused by an injury or after an operation.

PRODUCTS FOR OTHER
BLOOD CLEANSING PROCEDURES

Extracorporeal blood cleansing is used not only to
treat chronic kidney failure, but also to support the
liver function on a temporary basis. Excess blood
fats or pathogenic antibodies can also be removed
in this way.

Liver support therapy

The liver performs numerous vital functions in the
body. If it cannot fulfill them adequately due to illness,
harmful substances quickly build up in the patient's
blood. This can lead to life-threatening symptoms
and, in extreme cases, even make a liver transplant
necessary. To bridge the gap until the transplant or
to prevent one altogether, fast and effective treat-
ment is required.

Fresenius Medical Care’s Prometheus therapy
system combines hemodialysis treatment with an ad-
sorptive method, thus temporarily relieving the liver.

Therapeutic apheresis
Therapeutic apheresis is a medical process whereby
specific pathogenic components are removed from
the blood or plasma outside the body. It is mainly
used in patients who can no longer be treated suc-
cessfully with medication.

The therapeutic removal of specific blood fats
(lipoproteins) is called lipoprotein apheresis (LDL or
lipid apheresis). DALI and MONET are two effective and
gentle therapy methods developed by Fresenius
Medical Care for LDL apheresis. Treatment usually
takes one to two hours. Weekly treatment is sufficient
for most patients.

Immunoapheresis is a therapy option for re-
moving antibodies that cause diseases or rejection
reactions after transplants. Immunosorba and Globaf-
fin are two different sorbents offered by Fresenius
Medical Care for immunoapheresis. During treatment,
plasma is separated from the blood and fed through
one of the two sorbents. This binds the antibodies so
that they accumulate in the sorbent and are removed
from the plasma. The cleaned plasma is then returned
to the patient.

Nl
ul

OUR PRODUCTS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 40 ---

|
o>)

OUR PRODUCTS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

DIALYSIS DRUGS

As well as having the key function of excreting the
end products of metabolism, our kidneys also pro-
duce hormones such as vitamin D for healthy bone
metabolism and erythropoietin (Ero), which stimu-
lates the formation of red blood cells. In addition, the
kidney regulates the body's mineral balance. Al-
though dialysis can largely perform some functions in
patients with kidney failure, patients must also take
drugs to replace missing hormones and maintain the
body’s mineral balance.

Minerals such as phosphate — which is import-
ant for the bones and the energy balance — and po-
tassium are constantly absorbed from food. However,
excessive phosphate levels in the blood can contrib-
ute to arteriosclerosis, and excessive potassium con-
tent can cause cardiac arrhythmias. In healthy people,
these excess minerals are excreted via the kidneys. In
dialysis patients, the phosphate and potassium con-
tent in the blood can rise to dangerous levels be-
tween treatments. Drugs such as phosphate and po-
tassium binders are taken at mealtimes. They bind
phosphate or potassium while it is still in the intestine,
thus controlling the increase in blood values. Fresenius
Medical Care offers several phosphate binders for pa-
tients with various needs.

Anemia is a common complication in patients
with chronic kidney failure. To treat it, the body must
be supplied with sufficient quantities of iron. The iron
compounds that Fresenius Medical Care sells in col-
laboration with Vifor Pharma are among the most
widely used on the market.


--- Page 41 ---

OUR SERVICES

Our unrivaled experience as a provider of dialysis services makes us a
valued partner in the health care system. We care for over 286,000 dialysis
patients in a network comprising a total of 3,361 dialysis centers in
more than 45 countries. In addition, we have expanded our network for
medical services in the current financial year.

COMPREHENSIVE TREATMENT
THROUGH CARE COORDINATION

Comprehensive care is a key factor when it comes to

achieving the best possible treatment quality for pa-

tients with chronic kidney disease. In the year under
review, we expanded our network for medical ser-
vices significantly and combined them under the term

“care coordination”. This area focuses on care for our

patients based on a holistic treatment approach. In

addition to dialysis treatment itself, the services we
provide include pharmacy services, vascular, cardio-
vascular and endovascular surgery services, non-dial-
ysis laboratory testing services, physician services,
hospitalist and intensivist services, non-dialysis health
plan services and urgent care services. By offering
these supplementary services, we aim to provide
holistic care for our patients in the future and thus
achieve a lasting improvement in our patients’ quali-
ty of life. In addition to treating dialysis patients, we
have stepped up our commitment to identifying kid-
ney disease at an early stage. Early detection and
appropriate treatment can help to avoid dialysis alto-
gether for some patients, or at least to delay its onset.

If dialysis becomes inevitable, patients are in better

health so that the start of dialysis can be gentler and

a form of therapy can be chosen, which is individual-

ly tailored to the patients’ needs.

Our therapy concept is based on the following
principles:

» We use our own high-quality products, pharmaceu-
ticals and procedures in our clinics and in caring for
home dialysis patients; these are continually refined
by our research and development team.

» We provide our patients with comprehensive treat-
ment and medical advice from qualified clinical per-
sonnel and physicians.

» We try to create a safe and pleasant atmosphere in
our dialysis centers for both patients and employees.

» We systematically improve our performance and
efficiency levels by working according to both ex-
ternal and internal quality standards as well as con-
tinually analyzing and evaluating treatment data in
our own Clinics.

In line with these principles, our dialysis clinics are
subject to specific standards relating to patient care,
hygiene in clinical practice, the architecture of our
facilities and the purity of water used in treatment, to
name just a few. In many dialysis centers, nutrition
specialists and social workers assist our teams of phy-
sicians and dialysis specialists. To help patients better
understand the issues of living with dialysis, we also
provide our own educational material such as films
and patient magazines.

In our regions, medical advisory boards and
committees support and advise us on improving our
treatment standards and services. These are then con-
tinuously enhanced in internal expert working groups.
One example is the first government-certified Patient
Safety Organization (pso) for kidney disease in North
America. All employees at our clinics in the u.s. report
critical incidents to the pso, which then derives rec-
ommendations for treating kidney patients.

Services in the North America
segment further expanded

In North America, the changes in the u.s. reimburse-
ment system for state-insured patients have particular-
ly affected our dialysis business in recent years — see
the “Health care and reimbursement systems vary from
country to country” section starting on page 50. Our aim is
to provide holistic care for our patients. To achieve this,
we have continuously increased the scope of the ser-
vices we provide and extended our range of medical
services. In the u.s., we will make these services a
more integral part of our core business to create an
even more effective network for patients with kidney
disease. In the year under review, we expanded this
network with the acquisition of a majority stake in
Sound Inpatient Physicians, Inc., a network of hospi-
talists in the u.s. This enables us, for instance, to en-
sure better coordination of outpatient and inpatient
services to improve treatment quality — see the “Oper-
ations and strategy” chapter starting on page 37. In addition,
we have developed the Renal Care Coordinator Pro-
gram, for example, a concept to help us support phy-
sicians in caring for patients with chronic kidney dis-
ease. In this way, we can improve treatment quality as
well as slowing down the progression of the illness.

“
“

OUR SERVICES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 42 ---

“I
fee]

OUR SERVICES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

The International segment:

diverse and complex
Our services business in the International segment is
characterized by the diversity and complexity of the
different health care and remuneration systems.
Therefore, uniform quality and management stan-
dards are crucial to our patients’ quality of life, our
employees’ satisfaction and our own commercial suc-
cess. The NephroCare Excellence system with defined
quality and business targets, standards and values
enables us to operate successfully in Europe and Lat-
in America and offers each of our patients the best
possible quality of life even under such heteroge-
neous conditions.

QUALITY MANAGEMENT
IN OUR DIALYSIS CENTERS

Not only at our production sites but also at our dial-
ysis centers, we have installed special quality manage-
ment systems, which we regularly inspect ourselves
as well as having them checked by third parties. In
Europe, for example, this is performed by the techni-
cal certification organization TUv. Its experts inspect
our clinics in standardized annual audits to control
conformance to the Iso 9001 standard for quality man-
agement and the Iso 14001 standard for environmental
management. In the u.s., our clinics are monitored by
the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMs),
a public health care authority.

(international) around the body

— 7.2.40 QUALITY DATA
For the fourth quarter of respective years, in %
Europe/
Middle East/
Description Possible impact Us. Africa Asia-Pacific!
if too low
2014 2013 2014 ©2013 2014 = 2013
Effectiveness of dialysis: Possibly more days
measures how well the spent in hospital;
Kt/V > 1.2 patient was detoxified higher risk of mortaliy 96 97 95 95 97 96
Hemoglobin Hemoglobin is responsible
Hemoglobin for transporting oxygen 74 #75 76 73 60 59

Indicative of anemia 80 81 77 75 69 68

Calcium 8.4—10.2 mg/dl
Albumin > 3.5 9/dl2
Phosphate < 5.5 mg/dl

Measures the patient's
nutritional status
and mineral balance

Higher risk of mortality 64 66 79 76 70 70

85 84 76 75 76 75
83 86 92 90 91 a1

Measures the number
Patients without catheter of patients with vascular
(after 90 days) access

Possibly more days
spent in hospital 83 83 83 83 92 92

The result of
Days in hospital complications during
per patient dialysis

Restriction to patients’

quality oflife 9.1 94 94 94 43 42

International standard BCR CRM470.

Figures based on.
= KDOQI guidelines (Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative) from the U.S.
— EBPG standard (European Best Practice Guidelines) from Europe.

Includes data from the dialysis service provider Jiate in Taiwan and the Philippines.

= KDIGO guidelines (Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes), a recent global initiative, which is gaining in significance.


--- Page 43 ---

Clinical quality data
in line with recognized standards

We measure and assess the treatment quality at our
dialysis clinics on the basis of generally recognized
quality standards such as industry-specific clinical
benchmarks, as well as our own quality targets. In
2014, we again provided our patients all over the
world with top-quality treatment, as shown by the
current medical quality parameters in table 2.40. Detailed
information on the parameters can be found in the
glossary starting on page 247.

Quality surveys to

ensure continuous improvement
We regularly carry out patient surveys to find out
where we can make further improvements and in
which areas we should expand our services. In the
year under review, we conducted a patient survey in
ten European countries and questioned almost
15,000 patients at 280 dialysis centers. The evaluations
show that nearly 90% of patients are very satisfied
with the dialysis clinics and their employees. Further-
more, over 95% of our patients would recommend
the Fresenius Medical Care dialysis clinic where they
receive treatment to friends or relatives. The patients
feel well looked-after and adequately informed about
the treatment steps by our dialysis experts during
dialysis treatment.

In North America, the content of patient sat-
isfaction surveys has been specified by the state-run
public health care authority cms (Centers for Medi-
care and Medicaid Services) since 2012; the surveys
themselves are conducted by an independent com-
pany to ensure confidentiality of the data and ano-
nymity. Health-related quality of life is another key
factor that we regularly measure in patient surveys.
We use the results to inform and train both our pa-
tients and our clinic staff in a more targeted way with
the aim of improving our patients’ quality of life in
the long term.

SERVICE FOR PATIENTS AND PARTNERS

For Fresenius Medical Care, a holistic quality concept
means providing the best possible patient care, even
beyond dialysis products and services. We therefore
offer advice for patients and health care partners as
well as other services in addition to our core offering
as a dialysis company.

Advice and care programs enhanced
The better informed kidney patients are about their
illness and how they themselves can influence the
course of the disease, the better the treatment results
usually are. This is why Fresenius Medical Care places
great value on educating dialysis patients and provid-
ing them with intensive medical advice.

The first phase of treatment is often especial-
ly difficult for dialysis patients as it drastically chang-
es their daily routine: They need to schedule several
hours for treatment a few times a week, the range of
food they are allowed to eat is restricted and they are
required to take numerous drugs every day while
greatly reducing their fluid intake. Many patients find
it difficult to muster the necessary discipline for this
treatment plan, especially when they know little
about their illness. To train new dialysis patients
during this critical first therapy phase beyond their
visits to our clinic and to boost their confidence, we
offer RightStart in North America and the Patient In-
troduction Package in the EMEALA region. These pro-
grams are intended to ease the transition to life on
dialysis. They enable us to provide our patients with
comprehensive information on the course of their
illness and treatment, the importance of a high-qual-
ity vascular access, a healthy diet and specific treat-
ment requirements and show how they themselves
can help to significantly improve their quality of life.
In addition to our services for dialysis patients, we
also run programs for patients in the preliminary stag-
es of chronic kidney failure. The Kidney Options Fo-
rum events in the International segment and the
Treatment Options Program (Top) in the u.s. give pa-
tients the opportunity to talk with experts and find
out about the various treatment options for chronic
kidney disease.

“Nl
iXe)

OUR SERVICES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 44 ---

©
jo)

OUR SERVICES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Patient programs
for home therapies expanded
In addition to holistic treatment concepts for our pa-
tients in dialysis centers, we offer various home dial-
ysis programs.

In the North American market, we have de-
veloped a home dialysis program that not only sup-
plies patients with our products, but also provides
supplementary services to boost the success of home
therapy. These include ongoing training and support
for our patients and their partners from physicians,
dieticians, social workers and other members of the
dialysis support team, technical assistance and con-
stant access to the dialysis center.

In the EMEALA region, we have developed a
holistic treatment concept specifically for peritoneal
dialysis under the brand name P?. It is designed to
improve patients’ quality of life and supports nursing
staff, physicians and patients step by step during ther-
apy. The P? program enables us to align the medical
parameters of peritoneal dialysis even more closely
to patients’ needs to ensure that their dialysis treat-
ment at home is as successful as possible.

Dialysis services
in emergency situations

To ensure that patients’ vital dialysis treatment is not
interrupted even in extreme weather conditions such
as severe storms or floods, Fresenius Medical Care’s
professional emergency response teams are called
into action in the affected regions. Their task is to
protect patients and employees in emergency situa-
tions, for example during natural disasters or pandem-
ics, and to give patients the best possible care, even
under difficult conditions. In 2014, for example, our
crisis teams and volunteers from Fresenius Medical
Care were brought in during Winter Storm Pax on the
east coast of the u.s., and in the aftermath of the
severe weather that brought floods in the Balkans.

In North America, the Fresenius Medical Care
Incident Command Center coordinates emergency
task forces in critical situations, for example during
hurricanes, storm surges or in the tornado season.
The Incident Command Center is in close contact with
the u.s.-wide Kidney Community Emergency Re-
sponse Coalition (KCER). This is a network of different
organizations and institutions, such as patient and
professional nephrology associations, dialysis provid-
ers, hospitals, and authorities such as the Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) and the cms. By working
with KcER, we can closely coordinate our crisis man-
agement as needed with the activities of government
emergency organizations, such as the Federal Emer-
gency Management Agency (FEMA), a U.S. national
coordination office for disaster relief, and the United
States Department of Homeland Security, to which
FEMA reports.


--- Page 45 ---

EMPLOYEES

Fresenius Medical Care owes its business success and its leading posi-
tion in the dialysis market to the commitment of its employees. We offer
a rewarding working environment and good long-term prospects
for their professional growth. By recruiting talented new employees and
supporting their development within the company using targeted
measures, we are also investing in the future of our company.

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES CONTINUES
TO GROW

As at December 31, 2014, Fresenius Medical Care em-
ployed a total of 99,895 members of staff (full-time
equivalents) in more than 50 countries. Our workforce
therefore grew by 10% or more than 9,200 in absolute
figures compared to the previous year. This was main-
ly attributable to our acquisitions, especially in the
area of dialysis services and supplementary medical
services: In the year under review, acquisitions ac-
counted for 9% of our worldwide increase in employee
numbers.

At the end of the year under review, 59% of
our employees were based in North America, 22%
in the EMEA region (Europe, Middle East, Africa), 10%
in Latin America and 9% in the Asia-Pacific region.
Our staff count grew fastest in the North America
region in the past year with a rise of 5,057 employees,

followed by the Asia-Pacific region with an increase
of 3,010 employees, due in particular to the expansion
of our network of clinics as a result of acquisitions.

Staff costs at Fresenius Medical Care rose to
$5.82 BN in 2014 (2013: $5.20BN). This corresponds to
37% (2013: 36%) of revenue. Average staff costs per
employee stood at $58,291 (2013: $57,335).

In Germany, Fresenius Medical Care employed
approximately 4,500 people (2013: around 4,400) at
the end of the year under review, accounting for
around 5% (2013: 5%) of the total workforce. This
underscores our high degree of internationalization.
The average age of our employees in Germany was
42.4 years, somewhat below the previous year’s figure
(42.7 years). The average length of employment in the
company rose from 11.5 years in 2013 to 12.0 years in
2014. The staff turnover rate was once again low at
3.6% (2013: 3.9%).

— ¢.2.41 NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
Full-time equivalents
2014 99,895
2013 90,690
2012 86,153
2011 79,159
2010 73,452
— 7.2.42 EMPLOYEES BY FUNCTIONAL AREA
Full-time equivalents
2014 2013 Change Share
Production and services 80,106 73,069 7,037 80%
Administration 16,760 14,675 2,085 17%
sales and marketing 2,430 2,394 36 2%
Research and development 599 552 47 1%
» TOTAL 99,895 90,690 9,205 100%

fee]
=

EMPLOYEES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 46 ---

ioe)
Ny

EMPLOYEES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

PROMOTING DIVERSITY
IN THE COMPANY

Fresenius Medical Care brings together a variety of
cultures and talents worldwide. As a global company,
we value the diversity our employees provide in the
form of personal strengths, characteristics, interests
and ideas. We intend to continue promoting diversity
in the company in the future to encourage employees
in all regions to embrace it as one of the company’s
strengths.

One key issue in this respect is the percentage
of men and women in the company as a whole and
in management positions. In 2014, 69% of employees
were women (2013: 69%). Fresenius Medical Care also
has a relatively high proportion of women in upper
management positions at 32% (2013: 33%). When re-
cruiting staff, our focus is on the qualifications of
potential employees; gender is not a determining
factor. For this reason, we have refrained from intro-
ducing fixed quotas.

CREATING AN ATTRACTIVE
WORKING ENVIRONMENT

We aim to create an attractive working environment
for our employees to enable them to combine their
professional and family lives. We support this by flex-
ible working hours, part-time work models, childcare
allowances, and health care and sports programs.

Work-life balance

To supplement our other working time models, we
have introduced compensation time accounts in Ger-
many. In addition to a salary component in line with
collective pay agreements, employees can “pay” val-
ue equivalents such as vacation days or compensation
components into these personal time accounts and
use them later, for example for their professional de-
velopment or to ensure a flexible transition to retire-
ment. The aim of this program is to offer our employ-
ees attractive long-term prospects within the
company and thus benefit from their experience for
as long as possible.

7.2.43 EMPLOYEES BY REGION
Full-time equivalents
2014 2013 Change Share
>» NORTH AMERICA 59,401 54,344 5,057 59%
Health care services 50,093 45,651
Dialysis products 9,308 8,693
» EUROPE/MIDDLE EAST/
AFRICA 21,638 21,327 311 22%
Health care services 13,279 13,240
Dialysis products 8,359 8,087
> LATIN AMERICA 9,761 8,946 815 10%
Health care services 8,274 7,573
Dialysis products 1,487 1,373
>» ASIA-PACIFIC 8,973 5,963 3,010 9%
Health care services 6,123 3,543
Dialysis products 2,850 2,420
>» WORLDWIDE 99,895 90,690 9,205 100%
Health care services 77,769 70,007
Dialysis products 22,004 20,573
Corporate" 122 110

The divisions Global Manufacturing Operations and Research and Development are not included.


--- Page 47 ---

Health care management and occupational
safety programs

We offer our employees at our different locations a
wide range of company health schemes, adapted to
their requirements and workloads. These include
company sports courses, information and events re-
lating to health and exercise, as well as regular health
checks for managers.

STRENGTHENING PERSONNEL
DEVELOPMENT

We place great value on enabling our employees to
apply their individual skills in our company to the best
of their ability and to continue on their career path
as a specialist, manager or project leader. Fresenius
Medical Care is continuously expanding its training
portfolio.

Life-long learning, continuous feedback on
personal performance, and professional challenges in
line with employees’ abilities, including the opportu-
nity to work abroad, are key instruments of our com-
pany-wide personnel development program. This en-
ables us to offer talented employees clear career
prospects while ensuring effective succession planning.

Programs for managers

Our managers and employees with leadership poten-

tial are given the opportunity to take part in specific

training programs. Here are two examples:

> Global Executive Challenge (GEC) is a global program
for employees in management positions aimed at
capturing synergies across regions and encouraging
cooperation. The program is designed to challenge
participants to put the knowledge they have gained
into practice in their day-to-day work, thus strength-
ening their skills as managers.

» Fresenius Advanced Management Program is a
company-specific program for developing employ-
ees in upper management positions. We run the
program in cooperation with Harvard Business
School.

Programs for dialysis specialists

As one of the largest employers of medical personnel
worldwide, we place great value on providing our
specialist dialysis staff with a wide range of training
and further educational opportunities. We provide
needs-based training for employees at our clinics,
mostly at a regional level. Examples from the u.s. in-
clude:

» UltraCare Clinical Advancement Program (UCAP),
one of our development programs specifically for
dialysis specialists. We have continuously enhanced
the program over the past few years. UCAP consists
of five modular training levels and is aimed at new
and experienced employees in our clinics as well as
in the areas of home therapy and acute dialysis. It
helps dialysis specialists to develop and expand
their knowledge and leadership skills and prepares
them for the next step in their career, for example
as a clinic manager, health trainer for patients, or
mentor to clinic staff. In the year under review,
more than 4,700 dialysis specialists were enrolled in
the program.

Mentor Connection is a mentoring program in
North America in which senior dialysis specialists
coach, assist and advise new colleagues. In this way,
we support managers on-site in our clinics and en-
able them to settle into their new leadership posi-
tions quickly.

v

T. 2.44 —_________ PERCENTAGE OF MEN AND WOMEN IN THE COMPANY 2

Total employees in %

2014 2013

Male 31 31

Female 69 69
Employees in upper management positions in %

Male 68 67

Female 32 33

Source: Company data, based on headcount

0
W

EMPLOYEES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 48 ---

fee]
aS

EMPLOYEES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

E-learning further enhanced

A medium that gained further importance for person-
nel development at Fresenius Medical Care across all
functional areas is e-learning — digital training cours-
es via the internet and intranet. Our Fresenius Learn-
ing Center is an interactive e-learning platform with
features including training courses in virtual class-
rooms, enabling participants to learn together, wher-
ever they are. We are also continuously developing
our e-learning portal, which we use above all in the
u.S., into a learning tool with a wide range of sub-
jects. In 2014, we have added over 30 new e-learning
programs. We aim to integrate e-learning into per-
sonnel development to an ever greater extent in the
form of blended learning.

TRAINING YOUNG PEOPLE

In Germany, we also invest in the company’s future
by offering vocational training for young people. In
association with the Fresenius Group, we offer
young men and women a wide range of prospects
in a variety of trades and work-study courses, from
warehouse logistics specialists, electronics tech-
nicians for operating equipment, IT specialists and
industrial business management assistants to bach-
elor of arts courses in freight forwarding, transpor-
tation and logistics, and bachelor of science courses
in business information technology. In the year under
review, we offered additional vocational training
opportunities in Schweinfurt for industrial electri-
cians in the field of industrial engineering. In 2014,
we provided more than 3,650 apprentices with voca-
tional training jointly with the Fresenius Group.
In addition, more than 70 students were enrolled in
work-study courses last year.

Fresenius Medical Care apprentices were once
again recognized for their outstanding performance
in the financial year, garnering national and Chamber-
level awards from the local Chambers of Industry and
Commerce. In previous years, we were able to take
on all apprentices and work-study trainees who com-
pleted their courses with good grades and intended
to stay in our company.

Through our involvement in and with schools,
we aim to continue getting young people interested
in starting their career at Fresenius Medical Care. To
this end, we organize information days, visits to
plants, internships and job application training cours-
es. For example, in September 2014 we were involved
in the “Training Night” at our group headquarters in
Bad Homburg. At this event, students and parents
were able to find information about vocational train-
ing and work-study courses as well as career pros-
pects at our company.

INCREASING MOTIVATION AND
IDENTIFICATION WITH THE COMPANY
THROUGH PERFORMANCE-RELATED PAY

Fresenius Medical Care endeavors to pay its employ-
ees in line with their performance and allow them to
share in the company’s success. Our remuneration
concept therefore comprises fixed and variable com-
ponents for most employees.

Profit sharing

We encourage our employees to identify more with
Fresenius Medical Care by giving them a stake in our
company’s success. Annual bonuses for all employees
in Germany are based on the operating earnings (EBIT)
of the Fresenius Group in that particular year. In 2014,
each eligible employee received €2,134 for the preced-
ing financial year. Employees receive half of this
amount in the form of stocks. The other half is dis-
tributed as a cash component.

7.2.45 PROFIT SHARING

2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Figure in € 2,134 2,164 2,036 2,000 1,749
Number of eligible employees 3,213 3,325 3,231 3,068 2,918



--- Page 49 ---

Remuneration program with

long-term incentive effect
Since 2011, a remuneration program has been in place
at Fresenius Medical Care incorporating long-term
incentives — a combination of a stock option plan and
a phantom stock plan. In this program, the exercising
of options is linked directly to the company’s success.
Over a period of five years, senior managers receive
a total of up to 12M options for bearer shares or
phantom stocks. They can exercise these after a pe-
riod of four years on condition that the adjusted earn-
ings per share (EPs) have increased by at least 8% in
each year or as compounded average over the four-
year period. If this hurdle is cleared in just one, two
or three years, the options are reduced on a pro rata
basis. If earnings per share fall short of the mark com-
pletely, the options are canceled. Some 800 senior
managers worldwide participated in this program in
2014. Further information on the stock option plan
and the phantom stock plan can be found in the
“Notes to the consolidated financial statements” start-
ing on page 178.

ENHANCING OUR ATTRACTIVENESS
AS AN EMPLOYER

As well as retaining talented employees, we face the
challenge now more than ever of positioning our-
selves on the employment market as an attractive
employer to gain qualified new employees.

Fresenius Medical Care gives students the op-
portunity to gain practical experience in various areas
of the company: We supervise internships, student
research and project studies as well as bachelor the-
ses, and cooperate closely with higher education in-
stitutions to enable talented young people to get to
know us as an attractive employer early on. One ex-
ample is our collaboration with the University of Ap-
plied Sciences in Wurzburg-Schweinfurt (FHWs). As
this college offers students an excellent education in

the fields of business engineering, plastics technology,
mechanical engineering, computer engineering and
especially electrical engineering with a focus on med-
ical technology and automation technology, many of
its students and graduates are attractive potential
employees for Fresenius Medical Care and in particu-
lar for our dialysis machine development and produc-
tion site in Schweinfurt. For this reason, we have
signed a cooperation agreement with FHws including
provisions on scholarships and student excursions to
the plant, as well as on lectures and semester-long
projects within various divisions of our company.

Other than through classic recruitment activi-
ties, we get the opportunity to meet young research-
ers by cooperating with international higher education
institutions in the area of research and development
or by supporting young scientists, for example as part
of their doctoral thesis.

To strengthen our public image as an attractive
employer, we further enhanced our employer brand-
ing strategy in the year under review. This enables us
to address our target groups in an even more focused
way, for example in collaboration with higher educa-
tion institutions, at career fairs or on the internet, and
to emphasize the wide range of career opportunities
for employees at Fresenius Medical Care.

fee]
ul

EMPLOYEES

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 50 ---

©
fe)

RESPONSIBILITY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

RESPONSIBILITY

Sustainable action is a key to our company’s success. Responsible corpo-
rate governance and trust-based dialog with our stakeholders are
firmly embedded in our code of conduct. We also assume responsibility
for protecting the environment and are working to improve the
carbon footprints of our products and services. In addition, Fresenius
Medical Care is committed to social causes worldwide.

SECURING THE COMPANY’S FUTURE
WITH SUSTAINABLE ACTION

For Fresenius Medical Care, sustainability means act-
ing responsibly to achieve commercial success as well
as environmental and social progress. In terms of
content, we distinguish between the following three
areas:

» economic responsibility,

» responsibility for the environment,

» social responsibility.

Fresenius Medical Care’s sustainability activities again
won plaudits in 2014. Our company has featured in
the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index
every year since 2009 and in the Dow Jones Sustain-
ability World Index since 2013.

WE ASSUME ECONOMIC RESPONSIBILITY

Our business activities are based on responsible man-
agement that is rooted in integrity, sound corporate
governance and adherence to compliance principles
as well as requiring and encouraging ethically impec-
cable conduct from all employees and managers. Our
code of conduct, which forms the framework for cor-
rect conduct towards our stakeholders, shows how
seriously we take our corporate responsibility. It is
based on our company’s core values of quality, hon-
esty and integrity, innovation and progress, as well as
respect, teamwork and dignity. It also emphasizes our
commitment to operate in accordance with the ap-
plicable laws and regulations and our own company
policies. Our code of conduct, which we thoroughly
revised in the last fiscal year, covers not only the un-
derlying corporate values, but also Fresenius Medical
Care’s commitment to respecting human rights. Fur-
ther information on corporate governance, compli-
ance and management board and supervisory board
remuneration at Fresenius Medical Care can be found
in the “Corporate governance report” starting on page 110.

We engage in dialog with our suppliers
Fresenius Medical Care places great importance on
regular, trust-based dialog with its suppliers. Our pro-
curement strategy is geared to purchasing high-qual-
ity materials and components through long-term
mutual relationships with our suppliers. In the area
of strategic purchasing, we also made further prog-
ress in 2014 with an initiative that focuses on environ-
mental and social aspects in the procurement process.
More specifically, this covers compliance with regula-
tory requirements, control over environmental and
health and safety risks and fair, humane working con-
ditions at our suppliers. For further information, see
the “Procurement and production” chapter starting on
page 70.

We take responsibility for our employees
Fresenius Medical Care is aware of its responsibility
towards its employees. By offering fair working and
pay conditions, continuous personnel development
and a healthy work-life balance, Fresenius Medical
Care aims to become more attractive as an employer.
For further information, see the “Employees” chapter
starting on page 81.

We are continuously enhancing our occupa-
tional safety measures and standards. In the u.s., we
have established a formal certified program to review
environmental and occupational safety standards, to
which all production sites and laboratories are sub-
jected on an annual basis. Audits monitor compliance
with regulations from the u.s. Occupational Safety &
Health Administration, the Department of Transpor-
tation and the Environmental Protection Agency as
well as state and local statutes. At the end of
August 2014, Fresenius Medical Care North America
received the “Safety in Excellence Award” for the 15"
time from the u.s. casualty and property insurer CNA.
This award honors the company’s commitment to its
employees’ health, to safety as well as damage and
risk prevention.

In the EMEALA region (Europe, Middle East,
Africa and Latin America), we bundled our occupa-


--- Page 51 ---

tional health measures in a central management sys-
tem for occupational safety in line with the Bs OHSAS
18001 standard in 2013 and incorporated it into our
integrated management system. We focused our ac-
tivities in 2014 on reviewing our processes in the event
of work-related accidents and resultant preventive
measures at our dialysis clinics.

Research and development geared
to ethical standards
Whenever Fresenius Medical Care wants to launch a
new medical device or pharmaceutical product, the
company is legally required to prove and extensively
document the effectiveness and safety of the new
device or product based on clinical studies. This
means applying it with a group of patients in a clini-
cal environment over a specified period.

Our industry is subject to extensive guidelines
and laws intended to ensure that no ethical principles
are violated during such studies, that physicians and
institutions carrying out studies on companies’ behalf
have been carefully selected based on their qualifica-
tions, and that scientifically accepted methods are
applied. They include, for example, the declaration of
the World Medical Association, which prescribes ba-
sic ethical principles for clinical research, EU directives
on pharmaceuticals (such as Directive 2001/20/EC), the
EU Medical Device Directive (mppD) and Iso standard
14155, which defines the criteria for clinical investiga-
tion and reporting in clinical research. Fresenius
Medical Care carries out its clinical research in accor-
dance with these regulations. In addition, we observe
national laws and regulations such as the Pharmaceu-
ticals Act (AMG) and the Medical Devices Act (mpg) in
Germany, or the u.s. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) regulations. Fresenius Medical Care’s own Stan-
dard Operating Procedures (sop) for employees com-
bine these regulations with internal rules to ensure
that clinical studies commissioned by us are carried
out and documented properly. Before a study can
even begin, our application must be approved by eth-
ics committees in the relevant countries.

We only use animal testing to obtain approv-
al for new products and forms of treatment where
this is prescribed by law. Such tests are carried out by
third-party research institutes in recognized test lab-
oratories, and are always approved by an ethics
committee for animal testing. As a matter of principle,
our strategy is to avoid animal testing and to use al-
ternative methods wherever possible. Further infor-
mation can be found in the “Research and develop-
ment” chapter starting on page 66.

WE ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

Our environmental management enables us to imple-
ment environmental requirements and design our
operational processes to use resources as efficiently
as possible, thus saving on costs. Environmental pro-
tection at our company is mainly aimed at complying
with environmental regulations, optimizing the use
of resources and reducing the associated co, emis-
sions. In addition, our environmental management
increasingly supports the business divisions in creat-
ing added value for our customers with eco-friendly
products and services. Lastly, it ensures that we as a
company take our responsibility to the environment
seriously.

Environmental management strategy
in our regions

Thanks to our decentralized corporate structure, we
implement our environmental management at a
regional level, as we do with most of our other oper-
ating areas. The responsible environmental managers
develop strategies to boost environmental protection
at our production sites and clinics and promote envi-
ronmental awareness among our employees. They
also coordinate environmental audits carried out by
external government agencies, institutions and our
own auditors at our production sites and clinics.

Environmental management is part of our
integrated management system in the EMEA region
(Europe, Middle East and Africa). The German tech-
nical inspection association TUv Stid regularly checks
compliance with the Iso 14001 environmental man-
agement standard at our company headquarters, in
our certified plants and at the certified national clinic
organizations. At the end of 2014, nine of our largest
European production sites (2013: eight) and our medi-
cal product development were certified according to
Iso 14001. Furthermore, we have introduced the envi-
ronmental management system in 13 European coun-
tries (2013: also 13).

ioe)
|

RESPONSIBILITY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 52 ---

©
©

RESPONSIBILITY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Our environmental program for the EMEALA
region defines five strategic environmental objectives.
At its sites and clinics, Fresenius Medical Care aims to
» raise environmental awareness and encourage en-
vironmentally responsible behavior,

» enhance knowledge relating to strategic and oper-
ational environmental issues,

» increase the company’s environmental performance,
for example its eco-efficiency,

» improve control of environmental risks,

» ensure that environmental regulations are complied
with.

Together with the respective business divisions, our
environmental managers have derived a large number
of individual environmental objectives from these re-
quirements for the individual stages of the value
chain, for example for research and development, our
production sites, and our dialysis clinics. One aim is
to recycle and incinerate at least 85% of production
waste in the EMEA region by 2015. We have also set
ourselves the target of further reducing water con-
sumption by 10% on average, electricity consumption
by 6% and blood-contaminated waste by 20% per
dialysis treatment between 2009 and 2015. We already
exceeded our targets for water consumption and
waste reduction in 2013. In 2014 we also achieved our
goal for the reduction of electricity consumption.

Environmental management

at our production sites
At our European production sites, we use perfor-
mance indicators for the use of energy and raw
materials to calculate the environmental performance
of our production processes. This enables us to iden-
tify additional untapped potential in a production
process that has already been largely optimized. We
introduced an energy management system according
to ISO 50001 in St. Wendel in 2013, and rolled it out to
our site in Schweinfurt in 2014. By assessing the ener-
gy efficiency of all processes and facilities, we aim to
identify further potential savings and derive measures
from them.

In addition, we implemented further environ-
mental projects at our production sites worldwide in
2014 to reduce water and electricity consumption and
save on packaging material.

Initiatives such as the Seeding Awareness
campaign, which we established at our Mexican plant
in Guadalajara in 2014, are aimed at making our em-
ployees aware of the contribution they can make to

environmental protection. Seeding Awareness con-
sists of various actions, such as planting more than
2,000 trees or training our employees on environmen-
tal issues.

Ecologically sustainable dialysis products

We are continuously working to make our products
and processes more environmentally friendly, for ex-
ample by using new materials with improved environ-
mental properties or developing new technologies
that further reduce the resource consumption of our
dialysis machines. The aim is to provide our custom-
ers with added value by helping them save on costs
or fulfill environmental requirements better.

To this end, we are developing completely
new solutions such as the Portable Artificial Kidney
(PAK), which we expect to launch in the u.s. in 2015.
A key advantage of the PAK compared with a conven-
tional dialysis machine is the significant reduction in
the amount of water required for each treatment.
This means that the PAK is extremely resource-efficient
and flexible, and can be used almost anywhere. For
further information, see the “Research and develop-
ment” chapter starting on page 66.

Environmental management in our dialysis clinics
One of our top priorities is to further reduce the im-
pact of dialysis treatment on the environment while
ensuring resource and cost efficiency. We achieve this
by using ecologically sustainable dialysis products as
well as constructing environmentally friendly dialysis
centers.

In the 2014 financial year, we again pursued
the aim of expanding our portfolio of environmental-
ly friendly dialysis clinics. For instance, in Terrassa,
Spain, we opened our first “green” dialysis center
with class A energy performance certification. In
addition to a host of environmentally friendly compo-
nents such as solar cells and a pellet heating system,
the clinic also treats its service water on site and uses
it to water the building's green roof as well as public
parks in Terrassa.

In North America, internal guidelines ensure
that the equipment interiors and furnishings in our
clinic buildings are as environmentally compatible as
possible. We meet or surpass industry standards for
the insulation of roofs, walls, doors and windows.
When purchasing water treatment systems for dialy-
sis, we also increasingly ensure that these use
resources and energy efficiently.


--- Page 53 ---

A central element in managing the resource
efficiency of our dialysis clinics in the EMEALA region
is our clinical software e-cons, which we have been
installing in our clinics since 2008 to create a com-
prehensive environmental management system for
the region. Of our dialysis centers, 502 in Europe
(2013: 501) and 206 in Latin America (2013: 168) now use
e-cons, enabling them to gather and compare envi-
ronmental performance data and quickly implement
potential improvements. The results show that this
has enabled us to systematically reduce water and
energy consumption as well as the amount of
blood-contaminated waste in our dialysis centers in
the past few years — see charts 2.46, 2.47 and 2.48. They also
show that we exceeded our reduction targets for
dialysis clinics based on the EMEALA environmental

program already in 2013 and 2014 earlier than the
originally set target date of 2015.

In the u.s., we are working on improving the
environmental management of our dialysis clinics
with an external service company that records and
documents energy and water consumption in all our
clinics on an ongoing basis. Its tasks also include
checking and settling the corresponding energy and
water bills and compiling analysis reports on subjects
such as greenhouse gas emissions and our carbon
footprint.

In addition, we train our employees at our
dialysis centers to raise their awareness of how they
can contribute to environmental protection on a
day-to-day basis. For example, our environmental
department in Bogota (Colombia) initiated a “Green

pC. 2.46 DEVELOPMENT OF AVERAGE ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION
Per dialysis treatment
2009 100%
2010 103%
2011 101%
2012 98%
2013 97%
Re
2014 93%
Source: Clinical software e-conS for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa
p C.2.47 DEVELOPMENT OF AVERAGE WATER CONSUMPTION
Per dialysis treatment
2009 100%
2010 98%
2011 94%
2012 91%
SS
2013 87%
2014 85%
Source: Clinical software e-cons for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa
pC. 2.48 DEVELOPMENT OF AVERAGE BLOOD-CONTAMINATED WASTE
Per dialysis treatment
2009 100%
2010 93%
2011 80%
ee]
2012 74%
2013 69%
2014 66%

Source: Clinical software e-cons for the region Europe, Middle East and Africa

0
ite)

RESPONSIBILITY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 54 ---

Xe)
Oo

RESPONSIBILITY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Day” for all employees with activities covering all as-
pects of environmental protection. Furthermore, in
the context of the “Environmental Leaders” program
in Colombia, we train volunteers in clinics, who then
go on to support the implementation of environmen-
tal projects.

WE ASSUME SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

In a global market, Fresenius Medical Care is organized
regionally with a high level of local responsibility. This
also applies to our company’s social commitment. For
this reason, as well as globally active organizations
and projects, we particularly support regional and lo-
cal initiatives, which are as diverse as our employees.
In this respect, we mainly focus on projects that serve
the common good and promote sustainable develop-
ment according to the principle of helping others to
help themselves, thus ensuring a long-term impact.

Commitment to a better quality of life

As a dialysis company, our aim is to continuously im-
prove the quality of life of kidney patients. We pursue
this aim above and beyond our core range of prod-
ucts and services by cooperating globally with region-
al and international associations and institutions that
champion the interests of dialysis patients. In addi-
tion, we develop our own initiatives to help patients
lead a healthier and more active life.

In the u.s., for instance, we sponsor the Renal
Support Network, a charitable association run by and
for patients with chronic kidney failure, which aims
to provide patients and their families with health in-
formation, give them more confidence in their every-
day lives and strengthen their initiative.

In Brazil, we provide financial and profession-
al support to the Fundacao do Rim, a charitable foun-
dation committed to helping young dialysis patients
in the province of Rio de Janeiro. This organization
works with authorities and the public to supply medi-
cation for children and adolescents and give them
access to kidney transplants, and to establish more
pediatric dialysis units in hospitals. At the same time,

it organizes special programs for young patients, such
as exercise, art and music therapy courses, and trains
parents in how to deal with their children’s disease.

In Colombia, we have set up our own founda-
tion to promote the health and well-being of our pa-
tients above and beyond actual dialysis treatment.
The Fundacion Fresenius is financed by donations
from industry, our employees and private individuals.
For example, the foundation provides patients with a
hot meal after dialysis treatment; for many of them,
this is the only meal of the day. It also offers free
travel between home and the dialysis center for pa-
tients in need. In 2014, a large number of patients also
took part in cultural and sporting events organized
by the foundation.

In Argentina, one in three dialysis patients
leave school with no qualifications and therefore
have difficulty reading and writing. The low standard
of education also limits patients’ quality of life. It
makes it harder for them to find a job, and amplifies
the typical problems of living with dialysis, such com-
plying with the treatment plan and taking medication
regularly. As part of a program that we have been
expanding for many years in conjunction with the
Ministry of Education of Buenos Aires province, we
now offer classes for patients at thirteen of our dialy-
sis centers. This enables them to complete their
schooling.

Using our expertise and network
for social commitment

Fresenius Medical Care organizes and supports scien-
tific conferences with international nephrology ex-
perts as well as training programs for physicians and
dialysis specialists worldwide, thereby helping to
ensure quality in dialysis. This is especially important
in regions where modern health care standards are
still being developed. One example of this is our part-
nership with the Sustainable Kidney Care Foundation.
We support the foundation via our subsidiary, the
Renal Research Institute. It promotes projects, main-
ly in Africa, to give patients with acute kidney failure
access to dialysis treatment in regions without an
existing supply structure.


--- Page 55 ---

Our emergency aid in crisis situations

In crisis situations and in the event of international
disasters, the company as a whole fulfills its social
responsibility. We provide funds, dialysis machines
and medical supplies for institutions that need spe-
cific aid quickly. Our global crisis teams can provide
immediate assistance during hurricanes or other nat-
ural disasters. In 2014, for example, our crisis teams
and volunteers from Fresenius Medical Care were in
action during Winter Storm Pax on the east coast of
the u.s., as well as following the severe weather that
brought floods in the Balkans. For further information
on our crisis teams in the regions, see the chapter
“Our services” starting on page 77.

iXe)
—_

RESPONSIBILITY

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 56 ---

92

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

RISK

AND

OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

Risk and opportunities management is an integral component of manage-
ment and control within the company. As a company with global
operations, Fresenius Medical Care is naturally exposed to risks associated
with its business activities. Ultimately, we can only leverage oppor-
tunities for our business if we are willing to take certain risks. Many
years of expertise and our extensive knowledge of the markets enable us
to uncover and assess risks and opportunities for our business.

RISK MANAGEMENT

We see risk management as the ongoing task of de-
termining, analyzing and evaluating the spectrum of
actual and potential risks within the company’s op-
erations and its environment, and, where possible,
taking corrective measures. The risk management
system, which is described in more detail in the fol-
lowing, provides us with a basis for these activities.
It enables management to identify risks that could
jeopardize the growth or continued existence of
Fresenius Medical Care, and to take steps to mini-
mize any negative impact. As such, it is an important
component of Fresenius Medical Care’s management
and governance.

RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Risk management is part of Fresenius Medical Care's
integrated management system. The main objective
is to identify potential risks as early as possible to
assess their impact on the business activities and,
where necessary, to take appropriate countermea-
sures. Opportunities are not covered by the imple-
mented risk management system. The two pillars of
our risk management are the corporate controlling
function, which is used for the identification and
steering of short-term risks and the internal risk mon-
itoring system, which is typically used for the identi-
fication and steering of mid- to long-term risks. In the
monitoring system, regional risk managers are re-
sponsible for identifying, assessing and managing
potential as well as existing industry and market-
related risks in their region and reporting them to the
regional chief financial officers. Twice a year, the re-
gional chief financial officers send their aggregated
risk management reports to the central risk manage-
ment coordinator who consolidates the reports and
presents them to the management board. The main
focus lays on material risks that could have a total
negative impact of €25M or more in relation to
the operating income. The risk management reports

contain further information on potential risks. The
management board is informed directly and immedi-
ately of any newly identified significant risks (for risk
reporting see chart 2.49 on page 93). The effectiveness of the
risk management system is monitored by the Audit
and Corporate Governance Committee of the super-
visory board. More information is available in the
“Report of the supervisory board” starting on page 24 and
in the “Declaration on corporate governance” starting
on page 110.

In addition to risk reporting, standard report-
ing to management is an important tool for manag-
ing and controlling risks, as well as for taking preven-
tive measures in a timely manner. Therefore, the
management board of Fresenius Medical Care is
informed on a monthly basis about the industry situ-
ation, our operating and non-operating business, and
the outcome of analyses of our earnings and financial
position, as well as of the assets position on a
quarterly basis.

Part of our risk management system is the
Global Internal Audit department which is regularly
informed about the results of the risk management
system. IT audits a selected number of company de-
partments and subsidiaries worldwide each year. The
department works according to internationally ac-
cepted standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors
(a). The scope of internal auditing is widespread and
involves, among others, the efficiency of controls
over business processes, the reliability of special parts
of financial reporting and compliance with account-
ing regulations and internal policies. The company’s
locations and units to be audited are determined
annually on the basis of a selection model taking
various risks into consideration. This annual audit
plan is reviewed by the management board and ap-
proved by the Audit and Corporate Governance Com-
mittee of the supervisory board. It comprises financial
audits of individual balance sheet positions, as well
as full audits of all business processes of subsidiaries
or business units. All audit reports are presented to
the management board. The Global Internal Audit
department is also responsible for monitoring the


--- Page 57 ---

implementation of measures documented in the re-
ports. The management board is informed about the
implementation status on a quarterly basis. The Audit
and Corporate Governance Committee of the super-
visory board is also informed of the audit results. In
2014, a total of 50 audits were carried out at the com-
pany’s various worldwide sites.

Nevertheless it is important to note that even
a functioning and adequate risk management system
like the company’s cannot guarantee that all risks are
fully identified and controlled.

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FOR THE GROUP’S
ACCOUNTING PROCESS

Fresenius Medical Care's internal control system over
financial reporting ensures compliance with applica-
ble accounting standards. The goal is to ensure that
the group financial statements are issued in accor-
dance with appropriate accounting principles. The
company’s internal reporting process is generally car-
ried out at four levels and ensures that financial data
and key figures are reliably recorded, processed and
controlled. At each of these four reporting levels — the
local entity, the region, the segment and the entire
group — the figures and data are compared regularly
on a monthly and quarterly basis with the previous
year’s values, budget targets, and the latest projec-
tions. In addition, the management board and the
departments responsible for preparing the annual
and consolidated group financial statements discuss
in-depth all parameters, assumptions and estimates

— ¢.2.49

RISK REPORTING

that substantially affect the group and segment re-
sults reported externally. The Audit and Corporate
Governance Committee of the supervisory board also
reviews current quarterly results and compares them
with budgets and projections.

Control mechanisms and compliance
The internal control system contains guidelines and
instructions that ensure, for example, that all
Fresenius Medical Care transactions are presented
accurately, or that significant earnings and expenses
are only recorded after management approval (dual
control principle).

Further control mechanisms to ensure reliable
financial reporting and correct recording of transac-
tions within the accounting and the consolidation
process include automated and manual reconcilia-
tions, as well as the separation of certain personnel
functions to prevent potential conflicts of interest.
The fact that all process owners assess the risks of
their respective processes in terms of their implica-
tions for accounting also ensures that risks with a
direct impact on financial reporting are identified and
that controls are in place to minimize these risks.
Changes to accounting standards are discussed on an
ongoing basis and considered in the preparation of
the financial statements. Employees responsible for
financial reporting are given regular and extensive
training to be up to date with changes regarding ac-
counting standards. The consolidation is performed
centrally by the department which is responsible for
the group accounting. The basis for the consolidation
is derived from reporting packages and sub-group
consolidated financial statements prepared and

Audit and Corporate Governance Committee
of supervisory board

v

> | Management board | <

ay

v

Corporate Controlling and Accounting | «

Risk management report International segment
and Group Corporate

Risk management report North America segment

(aggregated status reports)

7

Risk management International segment
and Group Corporate

(aggregated status reports)

“

Risk management North America segment ie

_ Assessment of general and specific risks and identification of new risks;
review and consolidation of risks in the risk management report

— Reporting and review of risk management report

— Ad hoc risk reporting (considerable new risks)
Reporting of risk management report

Xe)
W

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 58 ---

iXe)
aS

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

submitted by the local group entities. The preparation
of the reporting packages and the sub-group consol-
idated financial statements is performed according to
the requirements and guidelines issued by the depart-
ment which is responsible for the group accounting.

Furthermore, Fresenius Medical Care has im-
plemented comprehensive quality management sys-
tems and a compliance program, which is monitored
continuously, in all of its regions with the intention
to ensure that its business activities adhere to recog-
nized standards as well as local laws and regulations
in all respects. Monitoring compliance is a manage-
ment task at all the company’s decision-making levels.
An important element of the compliance program is
the code of conduct that considers the locally differ-
ent legal and ethical standards. It encourages our
employees worldwide to conduct themselves in a
professional and responsible manner at all times.
More information on this can be found in the “Com-
pliance” section starting on page 115.

Special control and transparency
requirements in the u.s.
As Fresenius Medical Care is also listed on the New
York Stock Exchange, it is required to adhere to the
requirements of the u.s. Sarbanes-Oxley Act (Sox).
Section 404 of this federal law stipulates that the
management boards of companies listed in the u.s.
must take responsibility for implementing and adher-
ing to an appropriate internal control system to
guarantee reliable financial reporting. Based on this
requirement, we review the design and operating ef-
fectiveness of our internal control system over
financial reporting in regular internal audits. These

— €.2.50

Control environment! »

Risk assessement! > N
Control activities » LY
Information and communication’ > SY

Monitoring’ »

COSO-FRAMEWORK

SS
=>

criteria are also included in the review by the compa-
ny’s independent auditors.

To assess the effectiveness of our internal con-
trol system over financial reporting, we apply the cri-
teria of the coso model, which has been revised in
2013, see chart 2.50. This was developed by the Commit-
tee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and is recognized as a standard by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In accor-
dance with the coso model, Fresenius Medical Care’s
internal control system over financial reporting is di-
vided into the five levels control environment, risk
assessment, control activities, information and com-
munication, as well as the monitoring of the internal
control system. Each of these levels is regularly docu-
mented, tested and assessed. Within the revised coso
model, the before mentioned levels are explained by
17 principles, which are supported by 85 points of fo-
cus. The company aligned its internal controls to fulfill
the requirements of the coso model in all respects.

Our review of the internal control system over
financial reporting complies with a specific sec guide-
line (Commission Guidance Regarding Management's
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting).
For our review, we use a special software which takes
into account the definitions and requirements of this
guideline. In a first step, regional project teams coor-
dinate the assessment of the internal control system
in each region, after which the results are consolidat-
ed for the whole group. Based on this, management
then evaluates the effectiveness of the internal con-
trol system for the current fiscal year. External advis-
ers are consulted as needed. A corporate steering
committee meets several times a year to review

Compliance

Activity 1
4 Activity 2
Unit 1
Unit 2

* Entity level controls


--- Page 59 ---

changes and new requirements of the sox, to discuss
possible control deficiencies, and derive further mea-
sures. In addition, in its meetings, the Audit and Cor-
porate Governance Committee of the supervisory
board is informed regularly of the results of manage-
ment’s assessment.

As of December 31, 2014, management as-
sessed Fresenius Medical Care’s internal control sys-
tem over financial reporting and deemed it effective.

Internal control systems over financial report-
ing are subject to inherent limitations, no matter how
carefully they are designed. As a result, there is no
absolute assurance that financial reporting objectives
can be met, nor that misstatements will always be
prevented or detected.

RISK AREAS

Of all the risks identified for the company, those
that could significantly impact the financial situa-
tion, assets and liabilities of Fresenius Medical Care
as things stand today are described below. Further
risks of which we are not yet aware, or major
changes to factors which we currently rate as un-
critical could also adversely affect our operating
activities. Wherever possible and economically via-
ble, we obtain company-wide insurance cover for
insurable risks.

Risks related to the economy as a whole
Fresenius Medical Care’s international business activ-
ities are subject to a number of political, legal and
financial risks, which we carefully monitor and assess
in addition to the general development of the global
economy. We also conduct continuous and compre-
hensive analyses of country-specific risks with our
international markets in mind.

Industry risks
Risks related to changes in the health care market are
of major importance to Fresenius Medical Care. Key
factors here are new products and therapies devel-
oped by competitors as well as regulatory changes in
the health care sector.

Strategic risk and competition risks
We carry out research and development activities to
counter the risk of a competitor's products and pro-
cesses impairing our sales opportunities or of our
strategy falling short of the trends in the market. We
work closely with medical and scientific communities
to allow us to quickly identify and further develop
important technological and pharmaceutical innova-
tions. These alliances also guarantee that Fresenius
Medical Care has extensive knowledge of recent ad-
vances in alternative treatment methods and enable
us to review and, if necessary, adjust our corporate
strategy. Based on this, we analyze and evaluate
trends and review the progress of research and de-
velopment projects on an ongoing basis.

In addition, we closely monitor the market,
especially our competitors’ products and newly
launched dialysis-related products. These include ge-
nerics and patented drugs for kidney patients, as
these can affect the business with drugs distributed
by Fresenius Medical Care. To monitor the market,
the company maintains strategic departments in-
house whose main tasks are to identify and analyze
information on the dialysis market as well as activities
that could affect the group’s business, and commu-
nicate these within the company on a regular basis.
This helps us to anticipate changes in market condi-
tions early on.

Lastly, our many years of experience and our
leading position in the dialysis industry give us a com-
petitive edge, as do the synergies resulting from
teamwork between the various technical, medical
and academic institutions within our vertically inte-
grated company.

Xe)
ul

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 60 ---

Xe)
3)

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Risks arising from legal conditions
in the health care sector

In the highly regulated environment in which we op-
erate, changes in the law, especially those relating to
reimbursement, can have a major impact on Fresenius
Medical Care’s business success and strategy. For this
reason, we not only carefully monitor legislative ac-
tivities and plans, but also work intensively with gov-
ernment health care agencies.

In 2014, the company generated around 31%
of its global revenue from providing services that are
reimbursed by u.s. federal health insurance programs
such as Medicare and Medicaid. To receive the reim-
bursements, dialysis facilities for patients with end-
stage renal disease must fulfill specific conditions.
Furthermore, government authorities can change the
requirements or conditions for participation in the
health care programs and review discount and price
calculations. This could affect the amounts already
estimated or paid (for instance compensation pay-
ments).

Another portion of the company’s revenue
stems from reimbursement by non-governmental in-
surers. In the past, these reimbursement rates were
generally higher than government program rates in
the respective countries. However, non-governmental
insurers also check the level of reimbursements that
the company receives for its products and services.

Details on the changes in the reimbursement
system in the u.s., our most important market, can
be found in the “Health care and reimbursement sys-
tems vary from country to country” section starting on
page 50 and in the “Capital market and shares” chapter
starting on page 29.

Risks associated with operating activities
We counter potential risks in our product and ser-
vices business with preventive and quality-enhancing
measures.

Quality risks in production,

for products and processes
We ensure that we comply with legal and company
product and production regulations first and foremost
by means of extensive quality management systems

in our regions. In implementing these regulations, our
employees have access to documented process and
work instructions. Regular audits are carried out by
authorized quality management staff at each of our
production sites to ensure adherence to the guide-
lines. The audits cover all areas and aspects of quality,
from management and administration to develop-
ment, production and customer satisfaction. Further-
more, the production processes in our plants are in-
spected by external bodies, for example by the
technical certification organization TUv in Europe and
by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the u.s.

We also apply the methods of lean manage-
ment and Six Sigma in our plants, see glossary starting on
page 247. These management tools are used to analyze
all production processes and coordinate them better
to permanently reduce the error rate. Our goal here
is to achieve more consistent production results and
to continuously improve the quality of our products
and related production processes. Quality manage-
ment in our production is centrally coordinated by our
international business unit Global Manufacturing Op-
erations (GMO) with the aim of identifying and man-
aging quality risks even better. For further informa-
tion on GMo, see the “Procurement and production”
chapter starting on page 70.

Dialysis treatment and the use of the requisite
products involve specific risks for patients, which
could damage Fresenius Medical Care’s reputation if
they were to occur. National as well as international
standards and laws stipulate binding safety standards
for dialysis products. In addition, we have drawn up
our own quality guidelines for research and develop-
ment that in part exceed the legal requirements.

We also document our research and develop-
ment work in comprehensive scientific studies and
publications; we produce detailed product informa-
tion packs and instructions for users of our products,
and conduct risk and error analyses according to the
most stringent criteria. In addition, Fresenius Medical
Care focuses on developing procedures and devices
as part of a continuous product improvement process
with the aim of minimizing as far as possible the risk
of a patient being harmed due to a technical fault or
human error.


--- Page 61 ---

Quality risks for our services

The very nature of the medical services we provide to
patients at our dialysis clinics presents inherent risks.
These include operational risks, for example in the
area of hygiene. We counteract these with strict or-
ganizational and operational procedures, ongoing
personnel training and by gearing our working meth-
ods to patients’ needs. In Europe, for instance, our
health care services quality management system, cer-
tified according to Iso 9001, is incorporated in our
integrated management system. In the U.s., our qual-
ity improvement program successfully complies with
the standards outlined in the Kidney Disease Out-
comes Quality Initiative (kDOGI) and the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services (cms). We assess
both our treatment data and our methods in annual
internal audits to enable us to achieve lasting im-
provements to our processes and treatment results.
External institutions such as the German TUv and cms
in the u.s. also audit our clinic quality management
system each year. As a consequence, we are able to
quickly identify quality flaws and risks and remedy
them in a timely manner.

Quality management in our company also in-
cludes environmental management, as environmental
resources are used for manufacturing dialysis prod-
ucts and the operation of dialysis centers produces
clinical waste. More information on this can be found
in the “Responsibility” chapter starting on page 86.

Risks in research and development
The risk of goals not being achieved or being achieved
much later than anticipated is inherent in the devel-
opment of new products and therapies. Comprehen-
sive, cost-intensive preclinical and clinical tests are
required before regulatory approval is granted. We
systematically monitor, test and improve all products,
packaging, applications and technologies. The devel-
opment cycle for products made by Fresenius Medical
Care is substantially shorter than for pharmaceutical
products as a rule. It normally takes between two
and three years from concept to market launch.
Fresenius Medical Care counteracts risks in research
and development by regularly analyzing and assess-
ing development trends and reviewing the progress
of projects. Furthermore, we ensure that the legal

regulations governing clinical, chemical and pharma-
ceutical research and development are strictly ad-
hered to. Our research team for dialysis products
develops new products and technologies in close
cooperation with representatives from the medical
and scientific communities. For further information,
see the “Research and development” chapter starting
on page 66.

Patent risks

One of the typical patent risks faced by Fresenius
Medical Care is inadequate patent protection for
technologies and products developed by the compa-
ny. As a result, competitors could copy our products
without incurring comparable development costs. To
mitigate this risk, we have installed a comprehensive
patent management program with defined processes,
responsibilities and reporting lines.

Furthermore, there is the risk that Fresenius
Medical Care could infringe upon the patent of a
competitor and thus be liable for damages; this could
result in a ban on further sales of the affected prod-
uct. We minimize this risk by systematically monitor-
ing and reviewing patent applications by competitors
as well as issued patents to ensure that our products
do not violate the rights of third parties. However, as
the claim of a patent, i.e. its scope, sometimes can-
not be determined until a product has been launched,
this risk can never be fully eliminated.

Procurement risks

We counter the risk of low-quality raw materials,
semi-finished goods and other components that we
procure externally mainly by imposing comprehensive
quality standards on suppliers. For example, we de-
mand that our suppliers provide certification from
external institutes and undergo regular audits; in ad-
dition, Fresenius Medical Care carries out extensive
evaluations of sample products and regular quality
control checks. We source only high-quality products
that are verifiably safe and suitable for their intended
use from certified suppliers that meet Fresenius
Medical Care's specifications and requirements and
have a proven track record in manufacturing these
materials. These suppliers are constantly evaluated as
part of our exacting supplier management system.

iXe)
“

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 62 ---

Xe)
ioe)

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Our purchasing strategy is aimed at develop-
ing partnerships with existing strategic suppliers
through long-term contracts and building relation-
ships with new high-performing partners. At the
same time, we aim to ensure that we have at least
two sources for all supply and price-critical primary
products (dual sourcing, multiple sourcing). This strat-
egy in combination with continuously monitoring
market developments enables us to minimize the risk
of bottleneck situations considerably, even at times
when the availability of materials is limited. All rele-
vant suppliers are subject to regular company-wide
performance and risk monitoring. More information
on this can be found in the “Strategic purchasing:
global responsibility, constant quality” section starting
on page 70.

Fresenius Medical Care is also exposed to
market-driven fluctuations in the price of raw mate-
rials. By continuously conducting market analyses,
shaping supplier relations and contracts in accor-
dance with our needs, and reviewing the use of fi-
nancial instruments on a case-by-case basis, we are
able to counteract these fluctuations to a certain
extent. By intensifying cooperation between our pro-
curement teams in different regions, we are able to
benefit from international price advantages and
counter risks related to currency fluctuations or de-
pendencies on individual suppliers. More information
on this can be found in the “Strategic purchasing:
global responsibility, constant quality” section starting
on page 70.

Personnel risks

Our company’s success depends to a large extent on
the dedication, motivation and abilities of our em-
ployees. We counter the risk of not being able to
attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel at
Fresenius Medical Care with extensive precautionary
personnel marketing and recruitment measures as
well as personnel development programs for specific
target groups.

Our continued growth in the area of health
care services depends in particular on our ability to
recruit and retain qualified care personnel. Especially
in the u.s., where we operate most of our dialysis
clinics, competition for such employees is intense. As
a result, we are currently expanding various measures
and initiatives with the aim of further increasing the
satisfaction of our clinic personnel, maintaining their

high level of motivation and further reducing the fluc-
tuation rate in our clinics. For more information on
this, see the “Employees” chapter starting on page 81.

Our personnel management department ad-
dresses the general risk of not being able to attract or
retain highly qualified personnel. Its job is to find and
cultivate new talent with targeted measures. Fresenius
Medical Care offers employees a challenging work
environment and long-term perspectives for their pro-
fessional development. Furthermore, our employees
can take advantage of performance-based bonus pay-
ments and attractive social benefits. Detailed informa-
tion relating to personnel management can be found
in the “Employees” chapter starting on page 81.

Risks due to non-compliance
with laws and standards
Our code of conduct specifies general conditions of
our conduct within the company as well as towards
our patients, external partners and the public and
encourages our employees to comply with applicable
laws and company standards at all times. Together
with our overall compliance program, this code is
intended to help us meet our own expectations and
those of our stakeholders, and to successfully align
our business activities to recognized standards as well
as applicable laws and regulations. Further details on
our compliance program can be found starting on page 115.

Risk of dependency on major customers

In addition to a number of state-owned and public
health insurance funds, Fresenius Medical Care’s cus-
tomers include private health insurers and compa-
nies. Our biggest private-sector customer, U.S. dial-
ysis clinics operator DaVita, is also the second largest
provider of dialysis services in the world. DaVita
accounted for about 1% of Fresenius Medical Care’s
total revenue in 2014.

Acquisition and investment risks
Fresenius Medical Care assesses potential financial
risks arising from acquisitions and capital expendi-
tures early on with the help of internal and, if neces-
sary, external specialists. Potential acquisitions and
investments are analyzed by an internal committee
(Acquisition Investment Committee, alc) based on
minimum requirements relating to a number of pa-
rameters, with the objective of ensuring that the de-
cision to buy or invest is profitable. The profitability


--- Page 63 ---

of acquisitions and investments is also monitored
after the event on the basis of these key indicators.
More information on corporate management and
control can be found starting on page 41.

Financial risks

The main financial risks that affect our company are
currency and interest rate risks. We use derivative
financial instruments to protect us against these risks,
but not for trading or speculation purposes. All trans-
actions are conducted with highly rated banks (the
majority have at least an “a” rating) that have been
approved by the management board.

We use interest rate hedging instruments to
avert the risk of changes in interest rates from our
long-term debt that is subject to floating interest
rates. A sensitivity analysis revealed that if relevant
reference interest rates for the company, such as
Libor, increased by 50 basis points based on the
current high level of hedging, respectively on the high
percentage of fixed interest liabilities, net income
(attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical
Care AG & Co. KGaA) would fall by around 1%. The
interest derivatives will expire between 2016 and 2019.

Our foreign exchange risks primarily result
from transactions such as sales and purchases be-
tween group companies located in different regions
and currency areas. Most of our transaction risks
arise from sales of products in the euro zone to oth-
er international business units. The foreign exchange
risks are therefore related to changes in the euro
against various other currencies. To hedge against
these risks, we generally use foreign exchange for-
ward contracts. We use a cash-flow-at-risk (CFaR)
model to estimate and quantify transaction risks in
foreign currencies. CFaR indicates the amount of a
potential loss of the forecast foreign exchange cash
flows over the next twelve months with a probabil-
ity of 95%. As of December 31, 2014, Fresenius
Medical Care’s CFaR amounted to $32.4M. More in-
formation can be found in the “Quantitative and
qualitative disclosures about market risk” section

starting on page 136.

Debtor risks
To minimize the risk of delayed or non-payment by
customers, we evaluate the credit standing of new
customers and review customers’ credit limits. We
monitor outstanding receivables of existing customers

while assessing the possibility of default. For further
details on outstanding receivables, please see the
“Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market
risk” section starting on page 163.

Legal risks
Risks associated with litigation are continuously iden-
tified, assessed and reported within our company.
Fresenius Medical Care is involved in various legal
proceedings resulting from our business operations.
For details on ongoing proceedings and further infor-
mation on material legal risks to which Fresenius
Medical Care is exposed, please refer to the “Notes
to consolidated financial statements” starting on page 178.

Tax risks

Fresenius Medical Care is subject to tax audits, which
can lead to subsequent changes in tax assessment
notices and assessment notices of withdrawal restric-
tions. Risks resulting from this are continually identi-
fied and evaluated. Further details on ongoing legal
proceedings and more information on major tax risks
can be found in the “Notes to the consolidated finan-
cial statements” starting on page 178.

IT risks
As Fresenius Medical Care continues to grow in size
and become more international, the processes within
the company are increasingly complex. Accordingly,
we are dependent to an ever greater extent on infor-
mation and communication technologies to structure
our processes and harmonize them between different
regions. Fresenius Medical Care uses constantly updat-
ed and newly developed hardware and software to
prevent potential security risks in the area of informa-
tion technology (IT). With the help of our Information
Security Management System (Isms) based on the in-
ternationally recognized security standard Iso 27002,
we are continuously enhancing IT security guidelines
and processes within Fresenius Medical Care. Business
data is backed up regularly. The frequency of these
backups depends on how important the respective IT
system is for our business. Potential IT risks are covered
by a detailed disaster recovery plan, which is tested
and improved on an ongoing basis. Fresenius Medical
Care operates three data centers at geographically
separate locations, each with an associated disaster
recovery plan, to maximize the availability and data
security of our IT systems. We use a mirrored

Xo)
Xo)

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 64 ---

100

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

infrastructure that creates a copy of critical systems,
including clinical systems as well as the communica-
tion infrastructure and servers. To minimize organiza-
tional risks such as manipulation and unauthorized
access, access is protected by passwords that must
be changed regularly. With our strategy of operating
three separate data centers in all our major geograph-
ic locations, we reduce the risk of complete, world-
wide system outages even further. Moreover, we
observe company guidelines relating to data protec-
tion, which also regulate the assignment of access
rights. Compliance is monitored by measures includ-
ing checks based on Section 404 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act; see also page 94. Operational and security au-
dits are carried out every year both internally and by
external auditors.

Other operating risks

Potential risks that could arise during the construc-
tion of new production sites or the introduction of
new technologies are considered early on in the
planning stage and reviewed on an ongoing basis.
When building new production units, we use internal
milestones and continuously monitor whether they
are achieved. Further preventive risk management
measures particularly counter the effect of environ-
mental factors on our business: Many of our propri-
etary dialysis clinics have emergency generators to
ensure that life-saving dialysis treatments can be
continued even in the event of a complete power
failure. Furthermore, in the u.s. for example, a
Fresenius Medical Care disaster response team steps
in around the year in the event of natural disasters
such as hurricanes to professionally coordinate relief
efforts and provide dialysis treatment for patients in
the affected regions. More information on this can be
found in the “Dialysis services in emergency situa-
tions” section on page 80.

Further information on the risks for Fresenius
Medical Care can be found in the consolidated finan-
cial statements and in the Form 20-F report on the
Internet at www.freseniusmedicalcare.com in the
“Investors” section.

OPPORTUNITIES MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

In addition to systematic risk management, we ensure
the company’s long-term success through holistic op-
portunity management. The aim here is to identify
opportunities as soon as possible, assess them and
initiate suitable measures to turn the opportunities
into commercial success for Fresenius Medical Care.

Much of our business is organized regionally.
This enables us to identify industry-specific trends and
requirements as well as the resultant opportunities in
the various regions at an early stage and gear our
actions to them. To make the most of business op-
portunities, we also perform comprehensive quanti-
tative and qualitative analyses. This involves evaluat-
ing market data and closely examining research
projects as well as taking general societal health
trends into consideration, see the “Strategy, objec-
tives, and corporate management” section starting on
page 41. We monitor general economic, industry-spe-
cific, regional and local developments as well as reg-
ulatory changes. Close cooperation between our
strategy, planning and other departments allows us
to recognize global opportunities as early as possible.

We evaluate the ideas for growth initiatives
that we develop on this basis in the context of our
annual budget planning, and in-between if required.
Using a detailed coordination and evaluation process,
we manage the investments required to implement
the projects. The management board sets the invest-
ment budget for the group as well as the focus of
investment. Before specific investment projects are
realized, an internal committee examines the individ-
ual projects and measures, taking into account the
return on investment and potential return. Common-
ly used methods such as the net present value and
internal interest rate methods, among others, are
used here; payback periods are also included in the
assessment. In this way, we try to ensure that we only
make those investments and acquisitions that boost
shareholder value.


--- Page 65 ---

OPPORTUNITIES

As a vertically integrated dialysis company, Fresenius
Medical Care can offer almost all of the products and
services that a patient with chronic kidney failure re-
quires for treatment. Our 3,361 dialysis clinics in more
than 45 countries constitute the largest and most in-
ternational network in the world. As a result, we pos-
sess valuable dialysis expertise that is unique in the
industry. Thanks to this wealth of experience, we
understand that high quality is not only the key toa
better quality of life for patients, but that it can also
make a significant contribution to reducing the costs
of health care. Based on this knowledge and our busi-
ness model, we see several opportunities for further
growth, which are explained in greater detail in the
following section.

Industry-specific opportunities

The dialysis market is a growth market that is gener-
ally unaffected by macroeconomic influences. This is
partly explained by the fact that an aging population
requires increasingly comprehensive medical care. In
addition, due to stable demand for dialysis products
and services, Fresenius Medical Care is subject to eco-
nomic fluctuations only to a relatively small extent.
More information on this can be found in the “Over-
all economic environment” section starting on page 46 and
the “Outlook” chapter starting on page 105.

Patient growth and
demographic development

According to estimates, the number of people world-
wide suffering from chronic kidney failure and requir-
ing dialysis treatment is rising by around 6% annually.
This number is expected to reach almost 2.8M in 2015
and is set to exceed 3.8M in 2020. Several social trends
contribute to this growth in patient numbers. In Eu-
rope and the u.s., for example, they include the aging
population and the increasing incidence of diabetes
and hypertension, two illnesses that frequently pre-
cede the onset of end-stage renal disease. In devel-
oping and emerging countries, the expanding popu-
lation and the gradual improvement in access to
dialysis as a result of increasing wealth are key factors
that further boost demand for dialysis products and
services. We want to continue to make a significant
contribution to meeting this demand in the future.

Changes in legal and political conditions
Whether or not private companies can offer dialysis
treatment and in what form depends on the health
care system of the country in which they operate and
its legal framework. For Fresenius Medical Care, op-
portunities to tap into new markets or to expand its
market share arise if a country opens up to private
dialysis providers or allows cooperation between
public and private providers, for instance through
public-private partnerships. These decisions are in-
creasingly influenced by the following factors:

» In many countries, the resources for financing, man-
aging and providing health care services are becom-
ing ever scarcer. This situation has worsened as a
result of the financial and economic crisis.

» At the same time, health care systems face the chal-
lenge of having to provide their population with
increasingly comprehensive medical services. This is
due to longer life expectancy and the associated
increase in concomitant diseases or because ful-
ly-functioning health care provision is still being
established.

» Dialysis is a complex life-sustaining procedure,
which places high demands on a health care system
in terms of expertise and efficiency. For these rea-
sons, public health care providers are increasingly
looking to work with private providers to develop
high-quality, sustainable health care solutions for
patients with chronic kidney failure. This constitutes
a huge opportunity for Fresenius Medical Care.

One example is Germany, the fifth-largest market
worldwide in terms of the number of dialysis patients.
We lead the market here with our products. Dialysis
centers are predominantly operated by physicians in
private practice, hospitals, and non-profit organiza-
tions; however, for a number of years, Fresenius
Medical Care has also offered dialysis services in
medical care centers (Medizinische Versorgungs-
zentren — Mvz): These are facilities for outpatient care
managed by physicians with different areas of exper-
tise who are employed as salaried physicians. At the
end of 2014, we were involved in 18 medical care cen-
ters (2013: 16). As an experienced partner, we want to
continue to support our customers when it comes to
setting up new structures in the German health care
system and take advantage of the opportunity to
strengthen our business in the long term. In Japan,

101

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 66 ---

102

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

where dialysis centers are primarily managed by pri-
vate nephrologists, new sales opportunities could
also open up for private companies such as Fresenius
Medical Care in the long term.

Public-private partnerships

In some countries, public-private partnerships (PPP)
promise to be an attractive business model for
Fresenius Medical Care. These are contractually de-
fined project alliances between the public sector and
private companies in which both partners assume a
specified share of the financing, tasks, risks, and op-
portunities. Here, our extensive expertise in dialysis
again gives us a competitive edge, as it enables us to
make suitable offers flexibly for various levels of care
for hospitals, health insurances, local or national au-
thorities. Depending on the contract, we can set up
new dialysis clinics and install the equipment, train
medical personnel on quality, hygiene and nutrition
or manage the clinics ourselves on the terms agreed.
Ppp therefore offer an opportunity for both partners:
The public sector benefits from private investments in
a dialysis infrastructure based on high standards of
treatment, from the transfer of knowledge on quality,
technology and management issues, and from the
operational efficiency of a global dialysis company,
helping it to provide patients with better and, at the
same time, more cost-effective health care. In turn,
the ppp model allows Fresenius Medical Care to tap
into new markets, expand its market share, and ex-
tend its range of products and services with new
forms of health care. Partnerships of this type can
also be the first step towards complete privatization.
We are already part of ppp initiatives, for example in
Bosnia, Argentina, Australia, the Philippines, India,
South Africa, Russia, Kazakhstan and the UAE. The
relevant contracts are tailored to the respective needs
of the partners involved as well as to the local legal
conditions.

Growing demand for integrated health care
Cost pressure and the growing number of patients
are causing an increase in global demand for a com-
prehensive — or integrated — health care concept for
patients with chronic kidney failure. This is based on
the following principle: All health care services and
therapies associated with the treatment of a kidney
patient — possibly going even one step further to in-
clude the treatment of concomitant diseases — are

combined to create an integrated program that is
tailored to the patient's individual requirements and
the needs of the insurer.

Depending on the contract and which ele-
ments a health care system prescribes as part of basic
treatment, this can involve, for example, special med-
ical tests, drugs for kidney patients, the insertion and
medical supply of the vascular access connecting a
patient to the dialysis equipment (vascular access
management), or the patient's travel to and from the
dialysis center in addition to dialysis itself.

This comprehensive care from a single source
is aimed at improving the way in which the different
stages of treatment are coordinated and controlled,
minimizing complications and thereby avoiding addi-
tional stays in hospital, which are a significant burden
for patients, as far as possible. As a consequence, it
increases the patient's quality of life and the quality
of treatment, while reducing the overall costs of the
treatment.

Fresenius Medical Care is particularly well
placed to offer integrated treatment programs with
a high level of quality for chronically ill kidney pa-
tients for several reasons: As a manufacturer of lead-
ing dialysis products and an operator of the largest
international dialysis clinic network worldwide, we
have long-standing experience in providing compre-
hensive care for dialysis patients. Thanks to the high
quality and reliability of our products and services, we
enjoy a very good reputation in the industry. In addi-
tion, we use sophisticated internal feedback instru-
ments to measure and compare the success of treat-
ment at our clinics and to rapidly identify any
potential for improvement.

We also benefit from a network in the field of
medical services in addition to our core business with
dialysis products and the treatment of dialysis patients.
These services include vascular care and medication
management for patients with kidney disease, as well
as our laboratory and pharmacy business. We plan to
expand this network further in the future.

Opportunities related to our business operations
Horizontal expansion of our portfolio
Dialysis drugs supplement our range of dialysis ser-
vices and products, enabling us to expand our port-
folio horizontally. In line with our strategy and the
trend towards integrated care, they offer the compa-

ny further opportunities for growth.


--- Page 67 ---

New products and technologies
If patient numbers grow as strongly as anticipated,
cost pressure continues to rise, and the capacity of
clinics is no longer sufficient to treat all patients,
home therapies are expected to take on a more cru-
cial role. This development offers Fresenius Medical
Care opportunities for growth. Home dialysis as well
as associated technologies and products will there-
fore continue to be a key focal point of our R&D ac-
tivities. One major aim here is to significantly reduce
water consumption for home hemodialysis in order to
give dialysis patients the greatest possible indepen-
dence and mobility with a resource-efficient and flex-
ible device. We will continue to expand our range of
innovative products and technologies in the future to
react to growth opportunities — increasingly also with
the aim of best meeting demand for integrated care.

Internal organization and procedures

The way in which Fresenius Medical Care organizes
and shapes its business operations presents us with
a number of opportunities that will help to improve
the company’s success in the long term. For example,
we use the lean management and Six Sigma manage-
ment methods to analyze and better coordinate our
production processes worldwide in order to further
reduce both our defect rates and manufacturing cy-
cles. We are systematically expanding environmental
management at our production sites and clinics to
improve our operating efficiency, for example by sav-
ing resources; see the “Procurement and production”
chapter starting on page 70.

Acquisitions
By expanding our health care services business
through acquisitions as well as procuring expertise
and relevant technologies in the area of research and
development, we are investing in our future growth.
The close collaboration between our strategy and
planning departments and the managers responsible
for our acquisitions ensures that we are able to iden-
tify suitable potential acquisitions worldwide as early
as possible. Further information on our acquisitions
in the year under review can be found in the “Capital
expenditures and acquisitions” section starting on page 53
and in the “Financial situation” section starting on page 61.

Fresenius Medical Care’s business model
Finally, our business model also provides opportuni-
ties for our company’s future growth. As a vertically
integrated dialysis company, we not only offer almost
all of the products and services that a patient with
chronic kidney failure requires for treatment, but also
use these on a daily basis in our own clinics. Conse-
quently, we benefit a great deal from the feedback of
patients, physicians and nurses worldwide in devel-
oping and manufacturing new products as well as in
organizing our clinic management.

MANAGEMENT ASSESSMENT OF OVERALL
RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

The management board bases its assessment of over-
all risk on Fresenius Medical Care's risk management
system, which is regularly checked by third parties
and by senior management. The company’s overall
risk situation is determined by the risks described
above. In 2014, there were no major changes in the
risk structure compared with the previous year. The
management is not currently aware of any risks that
threaten the continued existence of Fresenius Medical
Care. The effectiveness of this risk management sys-
tem is monitored and, if necessary, improved as part
of a company-wide review of the integrated manage-
ment system. The management board will continue
to expand our risk management and its review of the
associated management system to be able to identify,
investigate and assess potential risks even more
quickly and implement appropriate countermeasures.
From an organizational point of view, we believe that
we have created all the necessary conditions to iden-
tify emerging risk situations early and to react appro-
priately if necessary.

We remain confident that our group’s earning
power constitutes a sound basis for our business de-
velopment, enabling us to utilize the opportunities
that arise for the company. In view of our leading
position on the dialysis market, our innovative
strength, our committed staff and our structured pro-
cesses for identifying risks early and in the area of
opportunity management, we firmly believe that we
can continue to successful capture any opportunities
that arise.

103

RISK AND OPPORTUNITIES REPORT

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 68 ---

104

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

No significant events took place between the closing date of December 31,
2014 and the annual report's editorial deadline of March 11, 2015.

ECONOMIC AND OVERALL ASSESSMENT OF
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT THE BUSINESS SITUATION

There were no fundamental changes in the econom- _ Fresenius Medical Care’s business development met
ic and business environment in our field of activity | our expectations in the first weeks of 2015.
either. Dialysis continues to be a medically indispens- From today’s perspective, we expect to
able and life-saving treatment for acute or chronic achieve our revenue, earnings and the other perfor-
kidney failure for which there is no comparable alter- mance ratios as planned. At this report's editorial
native treatment with the exception of kidney trans- deadline, the current development of our business is
plantation. basically in line with our expectations.

We are currently not planning any major
changes in Fresenius Medical Care’s organizational
structure, administration, legal form or with regard
to personnel which could lead to a significant impair-
ment of the results of operations, financial situation,
assets and liabilities of our company.


--- Page 69 ---

OUTLOOK

We increased our earnings continuously throughout the 2014 financial
year and achieved our revenue and profit targets. Thanks to our
strong operating basis, our latest acquisitions in the area of care coordi-
nation and our global efficiency program, we will again be able to
grow our net income in the current financial year.

BUSINESS POLICY

Fresenius Medical Care is the world’s leading dialysis
company. We aim to further expand this position in
the years ahead. As always, the groundbreaking prin-
ciple of our corporate strategy is to fully utilize the
potential of the vertically integrated company. This
means rigorously using the advantages that arise
from covering the complete value chain of dialysis.
Fresenius Medical Care considers its main focus to be
the holistic care of dialysis patients and dialysis-relat-
ed treatments. In addition to our products and dialy-
sis treatment itself, we will continue to expand our
activities in the area of care coordination and offer
supplementary medical services for the treatment of
our patients in the future.

We have no plans to make significant changes
to our business policy. Further information can be
found in the “Operations and strategy” section starting
on page 37.

PROSPECTS FOR THE GLOBAL ECONOMY
SOMEWHAT BRIGHTER

In 2015, we expect the global economy to perform
slightly better compared with the previous year. The

usa in particular is set for higher economic growth.
Economic output in the euro zone should rise to some
extent in the coming year, and we also anticipate
stable growth rates in emerging countries. We fore-
cast an increase in global gross domestic product
(GDP) of around 3.7% (2014: 3.4%) in 2015.

North America segment:

Positive growth forecast for 2015
We expect economic output in the usa to continue
improving in 2015. The better situation on the employ-
ment market is leading to higher income, thereby
boosting private consumption. More favorable financ-
ing conditions are likely to help drive an upturn in
corporate investment.

International segment: Further regional
differences in development expected in 2015
According to forecasts, the euro zone should see a
slight economic recovery in 2015. We expect overall
economic production in emerging countries to grow
only moderately, with growth rates remaining below
the high levels recorded in the past, particularly in
China and some East Asian nations. Latin America
should enjoy faster expansion, with exports benefit-

ing from a small rise in commodity prices.

7.2.51 REAL GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT
Expected change from the previous year in %

2014 2013
US. 2.2 3.2
Germany 15 17
Euro zone 0.8 1.2
China 7.4 7.0
India 5.9 6.5
Asia 6.6 6.6
Latin America 1 24
> WORLDWIDE 3.4 3.7

Source: Institute for the Global Economy at the University of Kiel, “Weltkonjunktur im Winter 2014", December 17, 2014

105

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 70 ---

106

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

THE DIALYSIS MARKET
CONTINUES TO GROW

Fresenius Medical Care expects the number of dialysis
patients worldwide to increase by about 6% in 2015.
Some significant regional differences will probably
remain. We anticipate a 1 to 4% growth in patient
numbers in the u.s., Japan, Western and Central
Europe. In these regions, the prevalence of chronic
kidney failure is already relatively high and patients
generally have reliable access to treatment, normally
dialysis. In economically weaker regions, the growth
rates are even higher with values of up to 10%, and
in some countries even more. We expect patient
numbers to continue growing in the coming years, see
chart 2.53 on page 107.

Demographic factors are one of the main rea-
sons for the continued growth of dialysis markets,
including the aging population and the mounting
incidence of diabetes and high blood pressure — two
diseases that often precede end-stage renal disease.
In addition, the life expectancy of dialysis patients is
increasing primarily due to ongoing improvements in
the quality of treatment and higher standards of liv-
ing, even in developing countries.

As a result of the anticipated differences in
growth rates, a higher proportion of patients will un-
dergo dialysis treatment in Asia, Latin America, East-
ern Europe, the Middle East and Africa in future. This
opens up huge potential for the entire spectrum of
dialysis services and products, as more than 80% of
the world’s population lives in these regions.

We do not expect significant changes in treat-
ment methods. Hemodialysis will remain the treat-
ment of choice, accounting for about 89% of all dial-
ysis therapies. Peritoneal dialysis will continue to be
the preferred treatment for about 11% of all dialysis
patients. The volume of the worldwide dialysis

7.2.52

North America

EXPECTED GROWTH IN PATIENT NUMBERS

market, which amounted to about $77BN last year
according to preliminary estimates, is expected to
increase by around 4%. This is based on the assump-
tion that exchange rates remain stable in the forecast-
ing period. As a result, the overall volume of the di-
alysis market for 2015 could reach around $80 BN.

GROWTH MARKETS AND FUTURE
SALES MARKETS

We consider care coordination to be a growth market
for Fresenius Medical Care. We almost doubled our
revenue in this area in the past year; as a result, care
coordination accounted for 7% of total revenue. We
expect to generate revenue of around $1.7BN with
these services in 2015.

Above and beyond this, we have had our own
sales organizations in the product business in key
growth markets in Eastern Europe, Latin America and
Asia for several years and already hold a leading mar-
ket position. We serve smaller markets via distribu-
tors. We intend to continue expanding our regional
range of products and local production in the future.
Acquisitions can also help us to achieve our aim of
strengthening our business.

LEGAL STRUCTURE AND ORGANIZATION

The holding company of Fresenius Medical Care has
been a partnership limited by shares (Kommandit-
gesellschaft auf Aktien, KGaA) since 2006. Changes to
the legal form are not planned in the foreseeable
future. We also intend to retain our decentralized
organizational structure. In our view, this well-proven
structure guarantees maximum flexibility and allows
us to adapt to the requirements of individual markets.

Growth 2015

~4%

Europe/Middle East/Africa

~4%

Asia-Pacific

~7%

Latin America

~5%

» WORLDWIDE

~6%

Source: Internal estimate


--- Page 71 ---

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT OF FRESENIUS
MEDICAL CARE IN 2015

Exchange rates

Fresenius Medical Care’s forecasts with regard to
business development in 2015 and the growth rates
for 2016 are based on the prevailing exchange rates
at the start of 2015. As mentioned in the “Economic
environment” section starting on page 46, the relationship
of the u.s. dollar to the euro is especially important
for Fresenius Medical Care.

Revenue
We aim to further increase our revenue in the current
financial year by between 5 and 7% compared with
2014.

Net income

Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA is expected to grow by
up to 5% in 2015 compared to the previous year. This
includes cost savings from the global efficiency pro-
gram and additional expenditure for the expansion of
care coordination as part of the growth strategy 2020.
It does not include future acquisitions.

Earnings per share
In the 2015 financial year, earnings per share are ex-
pected to develop largely in line with net income
year-on-year.

— €. 2.53

1970 1975 1980 1985 1990

NUMBER OF DIALYSIS PATIENTS WORLDWIDE - FORECAST TO 2020
in

Dividend
We intend to maintain our profit-oriented dividend
policy on principle. Information on the proposed div-
idend increase can be found in the “Dividend conti-
nuity” section on page 31.

Capital expenditures and acquisitions

In 2015, we intend to spend around $1.0BN on
capital expenditures, with about 50% earmarked for
expansion investments.

In addition to the ongoing modernization of
our dialysis clinics and production facilities, capital
expenditures will primarily be used to open new dial-
ysis centers and expand our worldwide production
capacities as well as for dialysis machines as part of
long-term supply contracts. Additionally, capital ex-
penditures will be used to rationalize production pro-
cesses and to improve system support for internal
processes.

Approximately $0.4B8N will be used for acqui-
sitions and equity investments.

Cash flow
Cash flow from operating activities is again expected
to account for more than 10% of revenue in 2015,
while the free cash flow is set to reach more than 4%
of revenue.

1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020

2020: ~3.8 M dialysis patients -}—»

1

Source: Internal estimates

107

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014


--- Page 72 ---

108

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014

Debt/eBITDA ratio
Fresenius Medical Care takes the relationship be-
tween financial liabilities and earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization expenses (debt/
EBITDA ratio) as its guideline for long-term financial
planning. This ratio was 3.1 at the end of 2014 and is
expected to be around 3.0 in 2015.

Financing

The company’s financing strategy gives top priority to
ensuring our financial flexibility. Thanks to partially
drawn down credit facilities and our accounts receiv-
able facility, which was extended in November 2014,
we have sufficient financial resources. We are con-
tinuing to pursue a target of secured and unutilized
credit facilities of between $300Mm and $500m. Our
main financing needs in 2015 comprise the principal
repayments under the syndicated credit agreement
and the dividend payment estimated at $287M. For
further information, see the “Financial situation” sec-
tiON starting on page 61.

Employees
Due to the anticipated expansion of our business,
we expect the number of employees to grow in all

regions in the current year, particularly in the area of
dialysis services. By the end of 2015, the number of
people working for Fresenius Medical Care is set to
increase to more than 105,000 full-time equivalents.

Research and development

We plan to spend approximately $140 mM on research
and development in the 2015 financial year. The num-
ber of employees in this area (currently 599 full-time
equivalents) is not expected to change significantly
in 2015.

Our targets for the financial year 2015 are sum-
marized in table 2.54.

GROWTH IN THE COMING YEARS

We expect revenue to grow between 9 and 12% in
2016, and the net income attributable to shareholders
of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA to increase
by between 15 and 20%.

With a view to the growth targets issued for
the period to 2020, we anticipate average annual rev-
enue growth of around 10% and high single-digit
annual growth in net income.

7.2.54 TARGETS 2015

Results 2014 Targets 2015
Revenue $15.8BN Growth 5-7%
Operating income (EBIT) $2.3BN Moderate growth
Net income growth" 6% 0-5%
In line with expected
Basic earnings per share growth" -5% development of net income
Capital expenditures $0.9 BN ~$1.0BN
Acquisitions and investments $1.8BN ~$0.4BN

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
in % of revenue 11.8% >10%
Free cash flow in % of revenue 5.9% >4%
Debt/EBITDA ratio 34 ~3.0
Employees? 99,895 >105,000
Dividend €0.78? per share (+1%) _ Earnings-driven dividend policy
Research and development expenses $122M ~$140M

Full-time equivalents.
Proposal to be approved by the annual general meeting on May 19, 2015.

Net income attributable to shareholders of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA.


--- Page 73 ---

GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF EXPECTED
DEVELOPMENT

In 2015, we will again be operating in a challenging
business environment in which cost increases are not
adequately reflected in higher reimbursement rates.
This particularly applies to the u.s., Fresenius Medical
Care's most important market in terms of business
volume. Despite this, due to our strong operating
basis and our latest acquisitions in the area of care
coordination, we expect to grow our income in the
current financial year and beyond. This development
will also be driven by our global efficiency program,
which already enabled us to achieve sustainable effi-
ciency gains of $65 mM before taxes in 2014. By 2017, this
figure is set to increase to $300M a year. As such, we
believe we are in a position to achieve our growth
targets for the 2015 and 2016 financial years as well as
the forecast growth rates for the period to 2020.

The outlook describes the expected development of Fresenius Medical Care
in the 2015 financial year. It takes into account all events known at the time
the financial statements were prepared that could influence our business
development in 2015. As in the past, we take every effort to ensure that we
achieve and ~ where possible ~ exceed our targets. The forecasts may be
adversely affected by unfavorable developments in our risk situation. Further
information on the risks to which Fresenius Medical Care is exposed can be
found in the “Risk and opportunities report” starting on page 92, the con-
solidated financial statements, and the Form 20-F report in the Investors
section at www.freseniusmedicalcare.com

109

OUTLOOK

FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE 2014
