BASF Report 2014

The BASF Group

Global leader
BASF is the world’s leading

chemical company

In 80+ countries

employees contribute to
our success

Management’s Report 1419

The BASF Group

Broad portfolio

5 segments
14 divisions
85 strategic business units

At BASF, we create chemistry — and have been doing so
for 150 years. As the world’s leading chemical company,
we combine economic success with environmental
protection and social responsibility. In the BASF Group,
around 113,000 employees work on contributing to the
success of our customers in nearly all sectors and almost
every country in the world. Our broad portfolio is arranged
into five segments: Chemicals, Performance Products,
Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions
and Oil & Gas.

Organization of the BASF Group

a 14 divisions grouped into five segments
a Regional divisions, corporate units and competence
centers support our business

Until the end of 2014, five segments contained 14 divisions
that managed and bore operational responsibility for our 65
global and regional business units. The divisions develop
strategies for our 85 strategic business units and are orga-
nized according to sectors or products.

BASF structure until December 31, 2014
Percentage of total sales in 2014 (in %)'

As of January 1, 2015, we reorganized our paper chemicals
business in order to sharpen our competitive edge. This
involved dissolving the Paper Chemicals division and continu-
ing the paper chemicals business in the Performance Chemi-
cals and Dispersions & Pigments divisions. By doing so, we
can utilize synergies along the existing value chains and at the
same time remain a reliable, high-performing partner for the
paper industry.

The regional divisions contribute to the local development
of our business and help exploit market potential. They are
also responsible for optimizing infrastructure for our business.
For financial reporting purposes, our divisions are organized
into the following four regions: Europe; North America; Asia
Pacific; and South America, Africa, Middle East.

Three central divisions, six corporate units and ten com-
petence centers provide services for the BASF Group in areas
such as finance, investor relations, communications, human
resources, research, engineering, and site management, as
well as environment, health and safety.

— Petrochemicals
Monomers
— Intermediates

1 Chemicals

— Dispersions & Pigments
Care Chemicals
Nutrition & Health
Paper Chemicals
Performance Chemicals

2 Performance Products

23% 5
1
21%

Catalysts

— Construction Chemicals
Coatings

— Performance Materials

3 Functional Materials & Solutions

4 Agricultural Solutions — Crop Protection

— Oil & Gas
5 Oil & Gas
Natural Gas Trading)

(Exploration & Production;

4
24%
7%
2
20% 3

‘ The 5% of sales not shown belonged to Other.
20 Management’s Report

The BASF Group

BASF sites

Antwerp
Ludwigshafen

Florham Park

Geismar

~*e

Markets and sites

= BASF companies in more than eighty countries
a Six Verbund sites and 353 additional production
sites worldwide

BASF has companies in more than eighty countries and sup-
plies products to a large number of business partners in
nearly every part of the world. In 2014, we achieved 44% of
our sales (excluding Oil & Gas) with customers in Europe. In
addition, 26% of sales were generated in North America; 21%
in Asia Pacific; and 9% in South America, Africa, Middle East.
Based on the entire BASF Group, 55% of our sales were to
customers in Europe, 20% in North America, 17% in Asia
Pacific and 8% in South America, Africa, Middle East.

We operate six Verbund sites as well as 353 additional
production sites worldwide. Our Verbund site in Ludwigshafen
is the world’s largest integrated chemical complex. This was
where the Verbund concept was originally developed and
steadily honed before being put into practice at additional
sites.

BASF Report 2014

Nanjing

Hong Kong

Kuantan
Singapore

@ Regional centers P 4
@ Selected sites

@ Verbund sites

@ Selected research and development sites

Verbund

a Intelligent plant networking in the Production
Verbund
a Technology and Know-how Verbund

The Verbund system is one of BASF’s great strengths. Here,
we add value as one company by using our resources
efficiently. The Production Verbund, for example, intelligently
links production units and energy demand so that heat
released by production processes can be used as energy in
other plants. Furthermore, by-products of one plant can serve
as feedstock elsewhere. In this system, chemical processes
run with lower energy consumption and higher product yield.
This not only saves us raw materials and energy, it also avoids
emissions, lowers logistics costs and makes use of synergies.

Another important part of the Verbund concept is the
Technology and Know-How Verbund. Expert knowledge is
pooled into our global research platforms. ®

[1 For more on the Verbund concept, see basf.com/verbund_e
BASF Report 2014

Competitive environment

BASF occupies one of the top three market positions in about
70% of the business areas in which it is active. Our most
important global competitors include Akzo Nobel, Bayer,
Clariant, Dow Chemical, DSM, DuPont, Evonik, Formosa
Plastics, Lanxess, Reliance, Sabic, Sinopec, Solvay and
many hundreds of local and regional competitors. We expect
competitors from emerging markets to become increasingly
significant in the years ahead.

Corporate legal structure

As the publicly traded parent company of BASF Group,
BASF SE takes a central role: Directly or indirectly, it holds the
shares in the companies belonging to the BASF Group, and is
also the largest operating company. The majority of Group
companies cover a broad spectrum of our business. In some,
we concentrate on specific business areas: The Wintershall
Group, for example, focuses on oil and gas activities. In the
BASF Group Consolidated Financial Statements, 274 compa-
nies including BASF SE are fully consolidated. We consolidate
seven joint operations on a proportional basis, and 34 com-
panies are accounted for using the equity method.

(™ For more information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements from page 173 onward

Management’s Report
The BASF Group

Compensation Report and disclosures in
accordance with Section 315(4) of the
German Commercial Code

{QQ The Compensation Report can be found from page 138 onward, and
the disclosures required by takeover law in accordance with Section
315(4) German Commercial Code from page 132 onward. They form
part of the Management’s Report audited by the external auditor.

Restatement of prior-year figures

The figures reported for the 2013 business year and the first
three quarters of 2014 have been restated following BASF’s
and Gazprom’s decision on December 18, 2014, not to pro-
ceed with an asset swap planned for the end of 2014.
This made it necessary to dissolve the disposal group to
which the affected assets and liabilities had been reclassified
in the financial statements at the end of 2012.

(© For more information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements from page 160 onward and basf.com/publications

21
22 Management's Report
Our strategy — Corporate strategy

BASF Report 2014

Our strategy
Corporate strategy

Values

As guideline for our
conduct and actions

Purpose

Principles

As strategic basis for our
success on the market

We create chemistry
for a sustainable future

With the “We create chemistry” strategy, BASF has set
itself ambitious goals in order to strengthen its position
as the world’s leading chemical company. We want to
contribute to a sustainable future and have embedded
this into our corporate purpose: “We create chemistry for
a sustainable future.”

In 2050, more than nine billion people will live on Earth. While
the world’s population and its demands will keep growing, the
planet’s resources are finite. On the one hand, population
growth is associated with huge global challenges; and yet
we also see many opportunities, especially for the chemical
industry.

Our corporate purpose

a Wecreate chemistry for a sustainable future

Through research and innovation, we support our customers
in nearly every industry in meeting the current and future
needs of society. Our products and solutions contribute to

conserving resources, ensuring good nutrition and improving
quality of life.

World population growth

1950

Europe
549 million

America Asia
340 million 1.4 billion
Africa Oceania
229 million 13 million

Source: United Nations

Innovations based on chemistry will play a key role in three
areas in particular:

— Resources, environment and climate
— Food and nutrition
— Quality of life

Our leading position as an integrated global chemical
company creates opportunities for us to make important
contributions in all three of these areas. In pursuing them, we
act in accordance with four strategic principles.

Our strategic principles

We add value as one company

We innovate to make our customers more successful
We drive sustainable solutions

We form the best team

We add value as one company. Our Verbund concept is
unique in the industry. Encompassing the Production
Verbund, Technology Verbund and Know-How Verbund as
well as all relevant customer industries worldwide, this
sophisticated and profitable system will continue to be
expanded. This is how we combine our strengths and add
value as one company.

Europe
2050 709 million
+30%
America Asia
1.2 billion 5.2 billion
+ 250% +270%
Africa Oceania
2.4 billion 57 million
+950% + 340%
BASF Report 2014

We innovate to make our customers more successful. We
want to align our business even more with our customers’
needs and contribute to their success with innovative and
sustainable solutions. Through close partnerships with cus-
tomers and research institutes, we link expertise in chemistry,
biology, physics, materials science and engineering to jointly
develop customized products, functional materials, and sys-
tem solutions as well as processes and technologies.

We drive sustainable solutions. In the future, sustainability
will more than ever serve as a starting point for new business
opportunities. That is why sustainability and innovation are
becoming significant drivers for our profitable growth.

We form the best team. Committed and qualified employees
around the world are the key to making our contribution to a
sustainable future. Because we want to form the best team,
we offer excellent working conditions and inclusive leadership
based on mutual trust, respect and dedication to top perfor-
mance.

QQ For more on innovation, see page 33 onward

For more on business opportunities with sustainability,
see page 29 onward

For more on the Best Team Strategy, see page 41 onward

Our values

= Creative

a Open

a Responsible

a Entrepreneurial

Our conduct is critical for the successful implementation of
our strategy: This is what our values represent. They guide
how we interact with society, our partners and with each
other.

Creative: In order to find innovative and sustainable solutions,
we have the courage to pursue bold ideas. We link our areas
of expertise from many different fields and build partnerships
to develop creative, value-adding solutions. We constantly
improve our products, services and solutions.

Open: We value diversity — in people, opinions and experi-
ence. That is why we foster dialog based on honesty, respect
and mutual trust. We develop our talents and capabilities.

Management’s Report 23

Our strategy — Corporate strategy

Responsible: We act responsibly as an integral part of
society. In doing so, we strictly adhere to our compliance
standards. And in everything we do, we never compromise on
safety.

Entrepreneurial: All employees contribute to BASF’s success
— as individuals and as a team. We turn market needs into
customer solutions. We succeed in this because we take
ownership and embrace accountability for our work.

Strategic focus areas

Industry orientation

Innovation

Employees

Sustainability

Technological and operational excellence

We have defined strategic focus areas within our company,
and are concentrating on industry orientation, innovation,
employees, sustainability, technology and operational excel-
lence in order to achieve our goals. To maximize our potential,
we combine our strengths and act as one company to even
better use the full range of competencies that make us unique
in our industry. We will tap new growth markets by bringing
our research and development expertise, operational excel-
lence, market knowledge and customer relationships even
more closely together. This is how we promote the long-term
success of both BASF and our customers with our products
and solutions. Our employees are fundamental to achieving
the goals of our “We create chemistry” strategy.
24 Management’s Report

Our strategy — Corporate strategy

The BASF brand

a Trust in the BASF brand
= Newclaim in BASF logo: “We create chemistry”

We rely on a strong brand in order to expand our position as
the world’s leading chemical company. Our brand is derived
from our strategy and our corporate purpose — “We create
chemistry for a sustainable future” — as well as our strategic
principles and values.

“Connected” describes the essence of the BASF brand.
Connectivity is one of BASF’s great strengths. Our Verbund
concept — in production, technologies and knowledge as well
as employees, customers and partners — enables innovative
solutions for a sustainable future. As of January 1, 2015, we
changed our claim in the BASF logo from “The Chemical
Company” to “We create chemistry” in order to more firmly
embed our solution-oriented strategy in the public conscious-
ness. Our brand creates value by helping communicate its
usefulness for our stakeholders as well as our values.

Anywhere our stakeholders encounter our brand, we aim
to convince them that BASF stands for connectivity, intelligent
solutions, value-adding partnerships, an attractive working
environment and_ sustainability. This contributes to our
customers’ confidence in their buying decisions and to
our company value.

We are constantly developing our brand image by mea-
suring awareness of and trust in our brand, and therefore in
our company. A global market research study conducted in
2014 showed that, in terms of awareness and trust, BASF is
above the industry average in numerous countries. The study
collected data on respondents’ aided awareness of BASF
and our most important competitors. Our goal is to continue
increasing this value in all markets relevant to BASF.

BASF Report 2014

Global standards

a Weact according to values and standards of
conduct that fulfill or exceed laws and regulations

a We review our performance with regular audits and
a three-pronged monitoring system

Our standards fulfill or exceed existing laws and regulations
and take internationally recognized principles into account.
We respect and promote all of the following:

— The 10 principles of the U.N. Global Compact

— The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and both United
Nations covenants on human rights

— The ILO’s core labor standards and Tripartite Declaration of
Principles concerning Multinational Enterprises and Social
Policy (MNE Declaration)

- The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises

— The Responsible Care Global Charter

— The German Corporate Governance Code

We stipulate rules for our employees with standards that
apply throughout the Group. We set ourselves ambitious
goals with voluntary commitments and review our environ-
mental, health and safety performance using our Responsible
Care Management System. Regular audits and a three-
pronged monitoring system ensure our compliance with labor
and social standards. This system comprises the following
instruments:

— External compliance hotlines

— Annual inquiry into our Group companies to inspect prevail-
ing working conditions

-Close dialog with our stakeholders, such as employee
representatives and international organizations

Our business partners are expected to comply with prevailing
laws and regulations and to align their actions with interna-
tionally recognized principles. We have established monitoring
systems to ensure this.
() For more on labor and social standards, see page 46
For more on the Responsible Care Management System, see page 97
For more on corporate governance, see page 125 onward
For more on compliance, see page 134 onward
BASF Report 2014

Innovations for a sustainable future

Innovations in chemistry are necessary to meet the needs of
the growing world population on a long-term basis. The
development of innovative products and solutions is, there-
fore, of vital significance for BASF. In 2020, we aim to generate
around €30 billion of our sales and €7 billion of our EBITDA
with the help of innovative products that will have been on the
market for less than ten years. This means effective and
efficient research is becoming increasingly important. In addi-
tion to our R&D activities in established business areas, we
have defined technology and growth fields with which we can
make a decisive contribution to innovative solutions for global
challenges and contribute to sustainable development. The
growth fields address new business areas for BASF.

We are continuing to strengthen our research and
development activities in Asia as well as in North and South
America. As of January 1, 2015, we are pooling our world-
wide research expertise into three platforms, each head-
quartered in one of the regions particularly significant for us:
Europe, Asia Pacific and North America: Process Research &
Chemical Engineering (Ludwigshafen, Germany), Advanced
Materials & Systems Research (Shanghai, China) and Bio-
science Research (Research Triangle Park, North Carolina).
By 2020, we aim to conduct half of our research and develop-
ment activities outside of Europe. Our stronger global pres-
ence opens up new opportunities to participate in regional
developments in innovation and gain access to local talent.

(Q For more on innovation, see page 33 onward

Management’s Report 25

Our strategy — Corporate strategy

Business expansion in emerging markets

In the years ahead, we want to grow even more vigorously in
the emerging markets and expand our position there. Today’s
emerging markets are expected to account for around 60% of
global chemical production in 2020. We want to benefit from
the considerable growth in these regions and plan to invest
more than a third of our capital expenditures there between
2011 and 2020.

In 2014, emerging markets once again saw substantially
faster growth rates than the industrialized countries, although
the pace was slower than in the previous year. While momen-
tum decelerated only marginally in Asia’s emerging markets,
the South American economy stagnated. Growth in Brazil
was weak; Argentina experienced a recession. Eastern Euro-
pean emerging markets posted only slow overall growth, as
well. Russia’s economy slowed down enormously due to the
crisis in Ukraine, declining oil prices, trade sanctions imposed
by the European Union and the United States, and the sharp
depreciation of the Russian ruble.

Despite higher sales volumes, we observed a slight
currency-related decline in our business in emerging markets
in 2014: Compared with 2013, sales at our companies
headquartered in these countries decreased by 1% to
€15,804 million. Based on customer location, sales (exclud-
ing Oil & Gas) in emerging markets were down by 1% to
€19,242 million year-on-year, also as a result of currency
effects. Sales to customers in emerging markets therefore
amounted to around 33% of total sales (excluding Oil & Gas)
in 2014. By 2020, we aim to expand this proportion to 45%.
®

Sales' in emerging markets

2020 45% 55%
2014 33% ss 67%
2004 25% 75%

™@ Emerging markets ! Industrialized countries?

' Percentage of BASF Group sales (excluding Oil & Gas) by location of customer
2 Comprises EU15, Norway, Switzerland, United States, Canada, Japan, South Korea,
Australia, New Zealand
26 Management’s Report

Our strategy — Goals

Goals

In 2011, we set ourselves sales and earnings goals for 2015
and 2020 as part of the “We create chemistry” strategy. We
will not reach our medium-term financial goals for 2015, pri-
marily because gross domestic product and industrial and
chemical production grew at a considerably lower average
rate from 2010 to 2015 than our strategy had anticipated
(former expectations in parentheses)':

-— Growth of gross domestic product: 2.6% (3.4%)

— Growth in industrial production: 3.3% (4.5%)
— Growth in chemical production: 4.0% (4.9%)

Growth and profitability

BASF Report 2014

This weaker economic development is largely due to sluggish
momentum in the emerging markets and the lack of recovery
in the European economy.

Furthermore, pressure increased on margins for some
basic products as well as in sections of the Performance
Products segment.

EBITDA in billion €

2020 Goal

22

' In October 2014, we published an EBITDA estimate of €10 to €12 billion for 2015.

Employees

Senior executives with
international experience

i] & h 83.0%

Status at
Annual goals 2015 Goals 2020 Goals year-end 2014
Sales approximately approximately
€80 billion €110 billion €74.3 billion
Premium on cost of capital At least €2.0 billion
on average each
year €1.4 billion
> EBITDA approximately approximately
€14 billion’ €22 billion €11.0 billion
Earnings per share around €7.50 €5.61
Status at
Long-term goals year-end 2014 More on
Proportion of international Increase in proportion of 34.3% Page 44
senior executives non-German senior executives
(baseline 2003: 30%)
> Senior executives with Proportion of senior executives with 83.0% Page 44
international experience international experience over 80%
Women in leadership positions Increase in the proportion of female 19.1% Page 44
leaders worldwide
Employee development Establishment of systematic, global Project Page 43
employee development as shared introduced for
responsibility of employees and around
leaders based on relevant processes | 45,000 employees
and tools worldwide

' Weighting by country changed as a result of updating the baseline year; the figures have been adjusted accordingly.
BASF Report 2014 Management’s Report 27
Our strategy — Goals

Safety, security and health

Status at
2020 Goals year-end 2014 More on
Transportation accidents Transport
per 10,000 shipments - - -
> Transportation accidents per 10,000 shipments -70% 64.3% Page 98
(baseline 2003)
«=P, -64 . 3 % Production
Lost-time injuries per million working hours 54.5% Page 99
(baseline 2002)
Health Performance Index 0.91 Page 99
(annual goal)
Products
Risk assessment of products sold by BASF worldwide 61.4% Page 101
in quantities of more than one metric ton per year
Environment
Status at
2020 Goals year-end 2014 More on
Improvement of energy efficiency Energy and climate protection’
in production processes
> Improvement of energy efficiency in production +35% +19.0% Page 104
S 1 9 0 0 processes? (baseline 2002)
i | + . 0 Greenhouse gas emissions per metric ton of -40% -33.9% Page 104
° sales product? (baseline 2002)
Water
Emission of organic substances to water? -80% -79.5% Page 107
Introduction of sustainable (baseline 2002)
water management at Emission of nitrogen to water? -80% -85.4% Page 107
production sites in .
(baseline 2002)
water stress areas
Emission of heavy metals to water? -60% 64.8% Page 107
0 (baseline 2002)
29. 7 Yo Withdrawal of drinking water for production? -50% 26.3% Page 107
(baseline 2010)
Introduction of sustainable water management 100% 29.7% Page 107
> at production sites in water stress areas?
(baseline 2010)
Emission of air pollutants Air
Emission of air pollutants? -70% 63.2% Page 109
>
(baseline 2002)
-63.2%
‘ In 2013, we achieved our goal to stop the flaring of associated gas released during Wintershall’s production of crude oil. In 2014, we

already nearly reached our 2020 goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the natural gas transportation business by 10% per
transported amount and distance compared with 2010. These two goals will no longer be pursued in the future. For further information,
see page 104.

® Excluding oil and gas production
28 Management's Report

Our strategy — Value-based management

Value-based management

“We add value as one company” is one of the four princi-
ples of our “We create chemistry” strategy. To create
value in the long term, a company’s earnings must exceed
the cost of stockholders’ equity and borrowing costs. This
is why we strive to earn a premium on our cost of capital
of at least €2 billion on average per year. To ensure BASF’s
long-term success, we encourage and support all employ-
ees in thinking and acting entrepreneurially in line with our
value-based management concept. Our goal: to create
awareness as to how each and every employee can find
value-oriented solutions in the company’s day-to-day
operations and implement these in an effective and
efficient manner.

EBIT after cost of capital
a Performance and management indicator

Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) after cost of capital is
a key indicator for the performance and management of the
BASF Group, its operating divisions and business units. This
figure combines the company’s financial situation as summa-
rized in EBIT with the costs for the capital made available to us
by shareholders and creditors. When we earn a premium on
our cost of capital, we exceed the return expected by our
shareholders.

EBIT after cost of capital! (in million €)
Five-year summary

2014 1368 Ds

2013 1,768 Ds

2012 1,164 [i

2014 2551

2010 3,500 Ds

' The figures for 2010 and 2011 were not restated in accordance with IFRS 10 and 11.
Calculation of the cost of capital percentage

The cost of capital percentage (weighted average cost of
capital, WACC) is determined using the weighted cost of
capital from equity and borrowing costs. The cost of equity is
ascertained using the Capital Asset Pricing Model. Borrowing
costs are determined based on the financing costs of the
BASF Group.

EBIT after cost of capital, which we use as a steering
parameter, is a pretax figure. Therefore, we use the current
average tax rate to derive the pretax cost of capital percent-
age from the WACC. In 2014, this cost of capital percentage
was 11%; it will be at the same level in 2015. Based on this,
an EBIT threshold is calculated which must then be reached
by all the BASF Group’s operating units put together in order
to earn the cost of capital.

BASF Report 2014

Calculation of EBIT after cost of capital (in million €)

2013

EBIT BASF Group 7,160
—Less EBIT for activities not assigned to the

segments! (664)

—Less cost of capital? 6,056

EBIT after cost of capital 1,768

' The projected net expense is already provided for by an increase in the cost of capital
percentage.
2 In 2013 and 2014, the cost of capital percentage was 11%.

Value-based management throughout the
company

a Exercising a value-oriented mindset in day-to-day
business by every employee

For us, value-based management means the daily focus
placed on value by all of our employees. To this end, we have
identified value drivers that show how each and every unit in
the company can create value. We develop performance indi-
cators for the individual value drivers that help us to plan and
pursue changes.

An important factor in ensuring the successful implemen-

tation of value-based management is linking the goals o
BASF to the individual target agreements of employees. In the
operating units, the most important performance indicators
are the achievement of a positive EBIT after cost of capita
and a competitive level of profitability. By contrast, the func-
tional units’ contribution to value is assessed on the basis o
effectiveness and efficiency.
All this forms a comprehensive system of value drivers
and key indicators for the individual levels and functions a
BASF. In addition to EBIT after cost of capital, EBIT and EBIT
before special items are the most significant performance
indicators for measuring business success as well as for
steering the BASF Group and its operating units.

We primarily comment on EBIT before special items on a
segment and division level in our financial reporting because
this figure is adjusted for influences not associated with typi-
cal business operations. This makes it particularly suitable for
describing financial development over time. In addition to
EBIT before special items, we also report on sales as a further
main driver for EBIT after cost of capital. BASF’s nonfinancial
targets are focused more on the long term, and are not used
for short-term steering.

According to our value-based management concept, all
employees can make a contribution in their business area to
help ensure that we earn the targeted premium on our cost of
capital. We pass this value-based management concept on
to our team around the world through seminars and training
events, thereby promoting entrepreneurial thinking at all levels
within BASF. ©

BASF Report 2014

Sustainability management

Sustainability is firmly embedded into our company
strategy and organization. Sustainability management
follows our corporate purpose, “We create chemistry for
a sustainable future,” and supports our strategic princi-
ple, “We drive sustainable solutions.”

Strategy

a Recognizing significant topics and trends early on
a Taking advantage of business opportunities
a = Minimizing risks

As the world’s leading chemical company, we combine eco-
nomic success, environmental protection and social respon-
sibility. We have recognized sustainability as a significant driver
for growth. By integrating sustainability considerations into
our decision-making processes, we optimize our business
and contribute to long-term economic success. We accom-
plish this by, for example, embedding sustainability into our
organization with clearly defined responsibilities.

Our sustainability management has three duties: We want

to identify significant topics early on, take advantage of busi-
ness opportunities, and minimize risks. We are assisted in this
endeavor by constant, trust-based exchange with our stake-
holders as well as by our systematic materiality analysis.
We take advantage of business opportunities by offering
our customers innovative products and solutions that contrib-
ute to sustainable development. We ensure that sustainability
is included in the development and implementation of our
business units’ strategies and research projects. Our “oppor-
tunity finding” method was developed for this purpose: It
allows us to identify main sustainability drivers in relevant
value chains and for our customers. This is how we aim to
identify, and make targeted use of, the potential business
opportunities created by sustainability.

We minimize risks by setting ourselves globally uniform
standards for safety and security, environmental and health
protection, product stewardship, and compliance, as well as
for labor and social standards — many of which go beyond
legal requirements.

Management’s Report 29

Our strategy — Sustainability management

In addition, we have integrated various dimensions of sustain-
ability into our standard processes for evaluating investment
decisions in property, plant and equipment as well as in financial
assets. We prepare expert appraisals for detailed assessments
of sustainability issues to assist in our decision-making.

We have created structures to promote sustainable, entre-
preneurial actions all the way from strategy to implementation.
The Corporate Sustainability Board is BASF’s central steering
committee for sustainable development. It is comprised of
heads of our business, corporate and functional units as well as
of the regions. A member of the Board of Executive Directors
serves as chair. We have also established an external, indepen-
dent Stakeholder Advisory Council. Its members bring an
important external perspective to the table in discussions with
BASF’s Board of Executive Directors, thereby helping us expand
our strengths and identify our potential for improvement.

CG For more on the organization of our sustainability management, see
basf.com/sustainabilitymanagement

Materiality analysis

a Relevant sustainability topics identified and
prioritized

= Topics grouped into eight material aspects of
sustainability

The findings from our materiality analysis provide the founda-
tion for focused and reader-oriented reporting. At the same
time, they serve as the starting point for integrating material
aspects of sustainability into our management and evaluation
processes.

Starting in 2013, we once again used a multistep process
to identify and prioritize the sustainability topics relevant for
BASF. We started by collecting around 100 potentially rele-
vant subjects. A workshop and qualitative interviews with
internal and external specialists revealed that 38 of these
were particularly relevant. Using a global survey, we gathered
feedback on these 38 topics from around 350 external stake-
holders worldwide, as well as around 90 experts and manag-
ers from various functions within the company. The partici-
pants rated the topics in terms of their current and future
relevance for BASF. The results of this ranking are presented
in a materiality matrix.

Finally, the findings were discussed in internal workshops
and classified under eight overarching material aspects of
sustainability. The results of this materiality study and the
eight aspects derived from it were presented to, and validated
by, the Board of Executive Directors.

30 Management’s Report

Our strategy — Sustainability management

In order to integrate sustainability further into our business
activities, we launched a follow-up process in 2014 that
translates the results of the materiality analysis into our steer-
ing and business processes. Categories of action were
assigned to the individual aspects. A further step involved
interviews with representatives from business, corporate and
functional units, who assessed the business relevance of
each category along the value chain. The results of this quan-
titative prioritization process show where along the value

Material aspects and action priority areas along the value chain

BASF Report 2014

chain we have the possibility to take action with respect to
each individual aspect. As a result, we have achieved a better
understanding of the steps along the value chain where action
needs to be prioritized in terms of the material aspects, and
which topic areas we can influence with our actions. Building
on this, we want to derive additional measures that maximize
the positive effects of our actions and further minimize the
negative ones.

| For more, see basf.com/materiality

Suppliers Production Customers
S™ For more, see
Energy and climate u > MQ pages 97 and 103
v onward
o
ve
Food %
For more, see
Water 6 > —C‘?’ A page 107 onward
For more, see
Resources and > CA. pages 93, 95 and
ecosystems 97 onward
For more, see
Responsible production’ om > OA batt and 09
onward
For more, see
Products and solutions D> )386— EE) 2s 29 and 101
onward
ee For more, see
. ages 22, 29, 40,
Partnering > 0
onward
6 6
Employment and > faa) For more, see
employability page 41 onward

‘The focus of our activities on this aspect within the supply chain are shown under “resources and ecosystems.” The action priority areas for this aspect on the customer end are

covered under “products and solutions.”

2 In 2014, we renamed “operational excellence” to “responsible production” in order to emphasize the concentration on our production processes.
BASF Report 2014

Engaging stakeholders

= Constant dialog with our stakeholders along
the value chain
= Sustainability integrated into day-to-day business

Our stakeholders include employees, customers, suppliers
and shareholders, as well as experts in science, industry,
politics, society and media. We provide transparent commu-
nication about our activities and take on critical questions.
Through constant dialog with our stakeholders along the
entire value chain, we want to ensure that society accepts our
activities and subsequently build partnerships based on trust.
At the same time, we use this dialog to verify that our materi-
ality analysis is complete and up to date.

We have a particular responsibility toward our production
sites’ neighbors, and discuss current issues with them in
84 community advisory panels. These panels aim to promote
open exchange between citizens and our site management
with the goal of strengthening trust in our activities.

In keeping with our corporate strategy, we integrate sus-
tainability considerations into our day-to-day business and
help our employees make their contribution to a sustainable
future. We offered further information sessions, online courses,
workshops and discussions on sustainability in 2014.

In order to even more closely involve our stakeholders, we
discussed topics like responsibility along the value chain,
climate protection and human rights with our Stakeholder
Advisory Council in 2014. The diverse international experts
rom science and society once again discussed material
aspects of sustainability with BASF’s Board of Executive
Directors in order to enhance BASF’s sustainability strategy.
For example, a Stakeholder Advisory Council discussion on
he topic “partnering” prompted us to review and standardize
our approach to dialog with neighbors at relevant sites around
he world.

BASF takes an active part in the United Nations Global
Compact: BASF’s Chairman of the Board of Executive Direc-
ors is a member of the United Nations Global Compact
Board. In the worldwide network of Global Compact LEAD,
we are involved in the creation of the Post-2015 Development
Agenda and discussing possible global sustainability goals
together with the other participants. BASF is also active in
numerous local Global Compact networks.

Our lobbying and political communications are conducted
in accordance with transparent guidelines and in keeping
with our publicly stated positions. BASF does not in principle
support political parties. The BASF Corporation Employees
Political Action Committee, established by our employees in
the United States, is an independent, federally registered
employee association that collects donations for political
purposes and independently decides how these are used.

For more on stakeholder dialog, see basf.com/dialog_e

For more on our guidelines for responsible lobbying, see
basf.com/guidelines_political_communication

jan For more on supply chain management, see page 93 onward

Management’s Report 34

Our strategy — Sustainability management

Creating value for customers

a Product portfolio examined and evaluated for
sustainability

a Various additional instruments established for
assessing sustainability

From 2011 to the end of 2014, BASF conducted sustainability
assessments and evaluations on 98.3% of its entire portfolio
of more than 60,000 specific product applications — which
account for €66.3 billion in sales — using the Sustainable
Solution Steering method. This externally validated procedure
allows us to determine how our products contribute to
sustainability. We observe their application in various markets
and industries.

The product applications we analyzed were arranged into
four categories: “Accelerator,” “Performer,” “Transitioner” and
“Challenged.” Of the analyzed products, 23.0% (by sales)
turned out to be Accelerators. They contribute particularly to
sustainability in the value chain. Performers are solutions that
meet all of the market’s standard sustainability requirements.
Around 74.1% of BASF’s analyzed product portfolio matches
this description. A Transitioner is a product for which specific
sustainability requirements have been identified and plans of
action have been defined. These recommendations are being
carried out. Approximately 2.6% of the analyzed products fall
under this category. Applications that do not sufficiently fulfill
significant sustainability criteria are labeled Challenged. BASF
is developing plans of action for these products in order to
find better solutions, which can include research projects,
reformulations or even replacing one product with an alterna-
tive product. Currently, this applies for 0.3% of the analyzed
products.

We aim to increase the number of Accelerator solutions in
the long term in order to further improve the sustainability
contribution made by BASF and its customers. This is why
our product portfolio is constantly being reviewed.

32 Management’s Report

Our strategy — Sustainability management

BASF Report 2014

Sustainable Solution Steering: How BASF’s products contribute to sustainability

23.0%
Accejp
e%

d

Sustainable
Solution
Steering
74.1%

“9,
Uo 2
sues) sous?

Re)
ll pasue®
2.6% 0.3%

Substantial sustainability contribution
in the value chain

Meets basic sustainability standards
in the market

Specific sustainability issues which are being
actively addressed

Significant sustainability concern identified
and action plan in development

We use our established Eco-Efficiency Analysis tool to identify
critical parameters for improving the ecological and economic

balance of our products and processes along the value chain. In

order to even better support

our divisions in implementing

sustainability strategies and goals, we also offer other ecological

evaluation instruments alongs
These include the methods oft
as a part of life-cycle analyses.

With our AgBalance® me’
questions in order to improve

ide the Eco-Efficiency Analysis.
en used for impact assessment

hod, we can address specific
sustainability in agricultural pro-

duction and products in the food sector. We use the information

from these comprehensive eval

uations to work on products and

solutions together with our customers that make a contribution
to sustainable development.

Our “mass balance method” allows us to replace fossil
resources in the current Production Verbund with renewable
resources.

| For more on Sustainable Solution Steering, see
basf.com/sustainable-solution-steering_e

an) For more on the mass balance method, see page 95

Minimizing risks

a Recognizing and avoiding sustainability-related
risks early on
a Global standards provide framework for actions

Through our materiality analysis, dialog with partners along
the value chain, and our many years of experience, we are
constantly developing a better understanding of possible
risks along our value chain. We optimize our risk management
by recognizing sustainability-related risks early on and pre-
venting these as far as possible.

Uniform worldwide standards provide a clear framework
for our actions and are outlined in our Code of Conduct. We
support the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business
and Human Rights and have been part of the Global Business
Initiative since 2012 - a group of globally operating compa-
nies from different industries whose goal is to advance the
regard of human rights in business activities. As the only
member based in Germany, we worked in 2014 with partners
and experts on challenges and solutions surrounding busi-
ness and human rights, which included introducing examples
of how to implement the U.N. Guiding Principles. In 2014, we
also participated in two events for the consultation process of
the German government’s national plan of action on this
topic. We are constantly working to improve our internal
guidelines and processes in keeping with the U.N. Guiding
Principles.

ian For more on our Code of Conduct, see page 134
For more on our standards in production, see page 99
For more on our standards in the supply chain, see page 93

| For more on our human rights stance, see
basf.com/humanrights and pages 46 and 134 onward

i)
BASF Report 2014

Innovation

Around 10,700

employees worldwide in
research and development

€1,884 million

spent on research and
development

Management’s Report 33

Innovation

3,000

projects in the
research pipeline

Innovations based on effective and efficient research and
development are an important growth engine for BASF.
Our employees work in interdisciplinary teams on innova-
tive processes and products for a sustainable future.
This is how we ensure our long-term business success
with chemistry-based solutions for almost all sectors of
industry.

A growing need for energy, food and clean water, limited
resources and a booming world population — reconciling all
hese factors is the greatest challenge of our time. Innovations
based on chemistry play a key role here, as they contribute
decisively to new solutions.

We have set ourselves ambitious goals: In 2015, we aim
© achieve sales of around €10 billion and an EBITDA of
around €2.5 billion with new and improved products or
applications that will have been on the market for less than
ive years. In 2020, we want to increase our sales to around
€30 billion and EBITDA to around €7 billion with innovations
hat will have been on the market for no longer than ten years.

Goals for sales and EBITDA with innovations (in billion €)

2020 30 IT
Sales

2015° 10 i

2020' 7
EBITDA

2015 2.5

' Pertains to innovations then on the market for less than ten years
2 Pertains to innovations then on the market for less than five years

Our innovative strength is based on our global team of highly
qualified employees with various specializations. In 2014, the
number of employees involved in research and development
rose to around 10,700 (2013: 10,650). The central research
units Advanced Materials & Systems Research, Biological &
Effect Systems Research, Process Research & Chemical
Engineering, and BASF Plant Science are our knowledge and
competence centers. Together with the development units in
our operating divisions as well as BASF New Business and
BASF Venture Capital, they form the core of our global Know-
How Verbund.

Global network in science and industry

a Network with more than 600 excellent universities,
research institutes and companies

= Network for Advanced Materials Open Research
initiative established in Asia

a Foundation of California Research Alliance by BASF

Our global network with more than 600 excellent universities,
research institutes and companies is an important part of our
Know-How Verbund. We work with them in many different
disciplines in order to achieve our ambitious growth targets. In
2014, we established the “Network for Advanced Materials
Open Research” initiative together with seven leading univer-
sities and research institutes in China, Japan and South
Korea. Together, we aim to develop new materials for a wide
range of applications. The initial focus is on products for the
automotive, construction, detergent and cleaner industries,
as well as the water and wind energy sector. In addition, we
have founded the “California Research Alliance by BASF”
together with major universities on the U.S. West Coast. This
multidisciplinary research institute focuses on new inorganic
materials and their applications, bioscience, and related
technologies.

Strategic focus

a Forward-looking project portfolio

a Stronger customer and market orientation

a Worldwide presence and expansion of research
and development centers

a Research competencies pooled into three global
platforms

Our research pipeline comprised approximately 3,000 pro-
jects in 2014. We increased our spending on research and
development by €35 million to €1,884 million (2013:
€1,849 million); the operating divisions were responsible for
79% of total research and development expenditures. The
remaining 21% was allocated to cross-divisional corporate
research, such as research on the growth and technology
fields.

ian For a multiyear overview of research and development expenditures,
see the Ten-Year Summary on page 235
34 Management’s Report

Innovation

Innovations based on chemistry require market-oriented
research and development that is sharply focused on the
needs of our customers. In order to bring promising research
ideas even faster to market, we regularly assess our projects
according to a multistep process. BASF New Business plays
a central role in the search for new business areas. It identifies
trends and future markets at an early stage, turning attractive
topics into growth fields.

Another vital factor for our success is a global research
and development presence. We continued to broaden our
activities in 2014, especially in Asia. By expanding our Innova-
tion Campus Asia Pacific, we are further boosting the regional
research capacities for new materials and systems. We are
also expanding business areas like formulations and chemical
process engineering. In Mumbai, India, we opened a global
research and development center that focuses on organic
synthesis, process development, formulation and crop
protection research, and molecular modeling. We will also
work on innovations for the electronics industry at our new
Electronic Materials Research and Development Center Asia
Pacific in Suwon, South Korea, which was inaugurated in 2014.

We aim to keep strengthening our research and develop-
ment activities in Asia as well as in North and South America.
Starting January 2015, we are pooling our research expertise
into three global platforms surrounding the topics of chemis-
try, materials and bioscience, each headquartered in a region
significant for us: Europe, Asia Pacific and America. We plan
to conduct half of our research and development activities
outside of Europe by 2020. This increased presence outside

Research focus areas: growth and technology fields

BASF Report 2014

Europe creates new opportunities for fortifying and expanding
customer relations and scientific collaborations, strengthen-
ing our R&D Verbund and making BASF an even more attrac-
tive partner and employer in the regions.

The number and quality of our patents attest to our power
of innovation and long-term competitiveness. We filed around
1,200 new patents worldwide in 2014. For the sixth time in
succession, we headed the rankings in the Patent Asset
Index in 2014 — a method which compares patent portfolios
industry-wide. This once again underscores BASF’s power of
innovation.

Research focus areas

ua Chemistry-based innovations play important role in
answering questions of the future

= Growth fields with attractive sales potential in 2020

=u Technology fields provide the basis for developing
our growth fields

In order to develop future business areas for BASF, we have
defined growth and technology fields for which we expect
high sales potential in 2020. These research focus subjects
are derived from the three major areas in which chemistry-
based innovations will play a key role in the future: resources,
environment and climate; food and nutrition; and quality of
life. We regularly review the attractiveness of these growth
and technology fields for BASF and adjust our portfolio as
necessary.

Global needs Customer industries

Transportation
Resources, Environment Agriculture

and Climate
Construction

Food and Nutrition Energy and Resources

Consumer Goods

Quality of Life
Electronics

Health and Nutrition

Growth fields Technology fields

Enzymes

Batteries obility

E-Power Management

Materials, Systems &

Functional Crop Care Nanotechnology

Automotive Lightweight Composites
Raw Material Change
Organic Electronics

Plant Biotechnology White Biotechnology

Heat Management for Construction
Water Solutions

Wind Energy

BASF Report 2014

Growth fields - examples

Innovative mobility concepts such as electromobility require
batteries that are high-performance, affordable and safe.
Therefore, in the Batteries for Mobility growth field, we are
researching important system components of a battery, such
as new cathode materials with a higher energy density and
improved cost-benefit profile, and electrolytes for increased
lifespan in lithium-ion batteries. In 2014, we expanded our
research and development facilities in Beachwood, Ohio, and
Amagasaki, Japan, where we will explore new cathode mate-
rials and improved electrolyte systems in the future. In order
to better understand battery materials and stimulate new
ideas, we work together with renowned scientists worldwide
in our “Research Network Electrochemistry and Batteries.”
We decided in 2014 to continue the university network, which
was established in 2010, for another five years.

The growing world population’s increasing demand for
food requires additional solutions for healthier plants and
higher yields that supplement conventional crop protection.
This is why we research new products in the Functional Crop
Care growth field that, for example, improve plant growth,
better protect seeds, and help plants use scarce resources
like water and nutrients more efficiently. Farmers all over the
world mainly employ urea-based fertilizers in order to ensure
that plants are supplied with enough nitrogen. However, some
of the nitrogen contained in these fertilizers is lost as gaseous
ammonia. Limus® can greatly reduce these losses. Thanks to
its special formulation, this product also enables better stor-
age of urea-based fertilizers. Limus® guarantees farmers both
efficient fertilizer application and higher yields.

One of our projects in the Automotive Lightweight
Composites growth field is the search for innovative materi-
als and material systems that can be used to manufacture
load-bearing components, such as the frame or passenger
compartment, out of fiber-reinforced plastic. We are develop-
ing composite systems based on epoxy, polyurethane and
polyamide resins. Carbon fibers lend themselves particularly
well to reinforcement materials thanks to their high rigidity. In
addition to developing the materials themselves, we are also
adapting composite systems to the automotive industry’s
new manufacturing processes in order to make their transfer
into large-scale production economically viable.

Management’s Report 35
Innovation

Technology fields

Various cross-sectional technologies provide the basis for
developing our growth fields. We have grouped these into
three technology fields: Materials, Systems & Nanotech-
nology, Raw Material Change and White Biotechnology.

Technology fields

Materials, Systems &
Nanotechnology Change

Raw Material
White Biotechnology

Development of new
systems and functional
materials as well as
nanotechnology

Alternatives and Methods and processes

supplements to crude _ for efficient and resource-

oil as raw material saving production of
chemical and bio-
chemical products

The challenges of the future require intelligent solutions based
on new systems and functional materials, which means that
formulation and application expertise is increasing in signifi-
cance. In the Materials, Systems & Nanotechnology tech-
nology field, BASF researchers work for example on new
color filters that can be used in laptop and computer monitors
as well as television screens. Irgaphor Red® S 3621 CF,
BASF’s new red pigment, ensures especially high image
quality in liquid crystal displays. Thanks to its tiny particles
that are less than 40 nanometers in size, light is less scattered
in the color filter. The viewer therefore sees a very sharp image
with clear colors and high contrast.

In the Raw Material Change technology field, we are

searching for alternatives and supplements to crude oil as a
raw material for the chemical industry. With natural gas, car-
bon dioxide and renewable resources, we aim to expand the
raw material basis of our value chains in the long term. To do
so, we use catalysts that make many chemical reactions
more cost-effective, more environmentally compatible, or in
some cases even possible. In the BasCat joint laboratory at
the Technical University (TU) of Berlin, we and our partners
seek to gain fundamental knowledge on activating less reac-
tive molecules in order to accelerate the development of
industrial catalysts in the long term. We started operations at
the new BasCat laboratory building on the TU Berlin campus
in 2014.

In the technology field White Biotechnology, we are

researching methods and techniques for creating chemical
and biochemical products in an efficient and resource-saving
manner. Fermentation and biocatalysis increasingly represent
competitive alternatives to chemical processes. Our research-
ers are working on new enzymes for technical applications
that use molecular biological methods to improve the applica-
tions’ properties. Furthermore, they optimize fermentational
production processes in order to produce enzymes on a large
scale at high yield.

For more on research and development, see basf.com/innovations
36 Management’s Report

Innovation

Innovations in the segments - examples

Innovations are an important success factor for BASF’s
long-term growth. In developing new products, we look at
the needs of our customers as well as at market trends, and
take advantage of the opportunities arising from the BASF
Verbund’s value chains. Through innovative production pro-
cesses, we aim to expand our competitive ability. We never
stop improving our existing products, applications and pro-
cesses. We view sustainability as an opportunity, since we
use chemistry to create value for customers and society.

Expenditure on research and development by segment

1

1 Chemicals 10% 6 By
2 Performance Products 19% >
3. Functional Materials & Solutions 20% Sz -_
€1,884 million
4 — Agricultural Solutions 27%
5 Oil & Gas 3%
6 Corporate research, Other 21% 4 3

Chemicals: We have added a new product to our compre-
hensive range of amines: methyl diaminocyclohexane,
which we market under the brand name Baxxodur® ECX 210.
As a hardening agent in epoxy systems, Baxxodur® ECX 210
has proven valuable in, for example, the manufacture of wind
turbine rotor blades and layering systems for industrial floor-
ing and bridges. Baxxodur® ECX 210 is more efficient and can
be processed for a longer period of time than comparable
products.

Succinity GmbH, our joint venture with Corbion Purac,
has been producing succinic acid out of renewable
resources since 2014. The highly efficient process, based on
sugar, starch or glycerin, binds carbon dioxide, reducing the
formation of carbon dioxide by 60% compared with petro-
chemical processes. Bio-based succinic acid is therefore an
economically and ecologically viable alternative to conven-
tional succinic acid for our customers. Succinic acid is highly
versatile and can be used, for example, in the production of
bioplastics, solvents, polyurethanes and plasticizers.

Our chemical solutions help the highly competitive lumber
industry further improve their products’ properties and reduce
costs. For example, we have been able to enhance our
Kaurit® glues so that wood can be worked into fiberboard
even more efficiently and reliably, even with varying degrees of
moisture content. As a result, our customers benefit from a
higher level of process reliability and greater plant throughput.

BASF Report 2014

Performance Products: We launched Styrofan ECO® 7623,
our newest water-based polymer dispersion, on the market in
2014. It imparts excellent flow properties and adhesion to
repair mortars and floor screeds, and increases strength and
abrasion resistance, as well. Styrofan ECO® 7623 meets the
respective industries’ most stringent formaldehyde and
ammonia emission standards for building materials, making i
especially environmentally friendly.

With our innovative portfolio of SAVIVA® superabsorbents,
producers of baby diapers, adult incontinence products and
feminine hygiene articles can reduce raw material consump-
tion and increase the comfort of their products. Droplet poly-
merization allows us to produce a round particle shape tha
results in an especially soft feel. Liquid is rapidly absorbed
and distributed, keeping the skin pleasantly dry. The develop-
ment of this pioneering technology makes superabsorbents
even more efficient, enabling the creation of products like
thinner and more comfortable diapers.

Trace elements in animal feed are essential in livestock
farming. For example, they strengthen immune function,
promoting the animals’ welfare. Our new, globally launched
glycinate product line comprises organic compounds with
copper, iron, manganese and zinc. Their high degree of
bioavailability means that trace elements can be absorbed
especially readily from feed. Furthermore, their excellent water
solubility allows BASF glycinates to be easily added to drinking
water. The animals are thus optimally provided with important
trace elements, and the environment benefits from fewer
excreted trace elements.

Paper and cardboard food packaging is coated with
barrier materials to protect food from outside influences and
keep, for example, water and grease from leaking out. BASF’s
Epotal® product line comprises water-based barrier disper-
sions to efficiently coat various types of packaging. In South
America, one of our biggest customers has been using
Epotal® DS 2013 in their paper production as a liquid barrier
for frozen food cartons since the middle of 2014. Epotal® DS
2013 is partly composed of renewable materials, can be
easily recycled and is especially easy for customers to use.

Industrial and municipal wastewater treatment plants can
be operated more efficiently and effectively with Zetag®
ULTRA, our new range of flocculants. Zetag® ULTRA’s highly
effective binding capability enables advanced dewatering
performance compared with conventional flocculants. The
higher proportion of cake solids in the dewatered sludge
benefits the environment, as less energy is required for trans-
portation, disposal and incineration. This has a positive impact
on the treatment facility’s carbon footprint.

BASF Report 2014

Functional Materials & Solutions: High ozone levels present
a major challenge to many cities around the world. This is why
we developed PremAir®, a patented catalytic coating for
automotive radiators. As air flows over the radiator, PremAir®
converts the ground-level ozone — the main component of
smog — into oxygen. Our innovation, PremAir® NXT, is
especially designed for use with today’s smaller automotive
radiators. It can achieve even higher ozone conversion perfor-
mance than the standard PremAir® coating over the lifetime
of the vehicle. This helps automobile manufacturers meet
the challenging California LEV Ill and U.S. Tier 3 emissions
requirements and improves air quality for us all.

With MasterSphere, we provide the construction industry
with an utterly novel solution for making concrete more resis-
tant to frost and dew. Around 50 external factors must be
monitored in the application of conventional technologies for
extending concrete’s lifespan under such conditions — such
as how fine the concrete’s raw materials are, how long it takes
to transport the fresh concrete, or the concrete’s compres-
sion during pumping. MasterSphere, however, is impacted
by none of these factors. This not only makes application
easier for our customers, it also substantially increases the
concrete’s durability. Buildings are given an improved life-
span, especially in cooler climates.

Our new RELEST® Wind LEP ETU paint protects rotor
blades even better — especially on the edges — from the
enormous stress of rain, hail, snow, sand and ultraviolet rays.
Before, an intensive process was required involving a special
iim. With RELEST® Wind LEP ETU, the paint can be applied
directly following pretreatment. The substantial advantages
here are especially apparent when touching up dings and
scratches: Whereas in the past, a rotor blade’s film had to be
entirely removed for repair work, damaged spots can now be
reated individually and thus more efficiently.

The BMW i3, the first entirely electric production vehicle
rom the BMW Group, makes use of several of our innovative
high-performance plastics at once. Their improved material
properties make the car body sturdier, the roof construction
stiffer and the seats more comfortable. The resilience of our
Elastolit® polyurethane system was demonstrated in the
Chinese province of Guangdong in July 2014: While more
than 70,000 metal and concrete power pylons were severely
damaged by Typhoon Rammasun, the pylons made with
Elastolit®, which were installed as part of a pilot project,
stood intact.

Management’s Report 37

Innovation

Agricultural Solutions: We work together with farmers to
keep farmland arable for future generations and to accommo-
date society’s rising expectations. To do so, we constantly
invest in our development pipeline in order to expand our
portfolio both in and beyond conventional crop protection —
such as in biological solutions. In 2014, we _ invested
€511 million in research and development in the Crop
Protection division, representing around 9% of sales for the
segment.

Our innovation pipeline continued to increase in value
in 2014. The pipeline comprises products launched in the
period between 2010 and 2020. We foresee a peak sales
potential of €2,300 million for these products, which repre-
sents an increase of €200 million compared with the previous
year. The higher value is boosted by innovations in all applica-
tion areas. Particular examples include a new, especially
high-performance insecticide as well as the area of herbicide
tolerance with the herbicide Engenia®, the next-generation
dicamba formulation.

The Functional Crop Care portfolio has continued to show
very promising development. For example, we will launch
Serifel™, a biological fungicide from our Functional Crop
Care research and development platform, on the market in
2015. Serifel™ fights fungal infections with a broad range of
effects all the way up until harvest and is characterized by a
variety of action mechanisms.

BASF Plant Science: We work with numerous biotechnol-
ogy and seed companies, research institutes and universities
worldwide to develop crops with higher yields and improved
resistance to unfavorable environmental factors, such as
drought. The drought-tolerant corn Genuity® DroughtGard®,
the first product from our cooperation with Monsanto, allows
for an average crop yield increase of more than 300 kilograms
per hectare compared with competitors’ drought-tolerant
corn varieties.

Oil & Gas: Our research and development activities focus on
improving the discovery rate of oil and gas reservoirs,
developing technologies for reservoirs with challenging
development and production conditions, and increasing the
recovery factor of reservoirs.

Our minimum facility platform in the L6-B field in the
Dutch North Sea represents an important step in the more
efficient production of small and medium-scale reservoirs.
This mini-platform is 25% lighter than previous platforms and
can be installed in merely nine months, substantially reducing
purchasing and manufacturing costs. With this new genera-
tion of platforms, even the numerous smaller natural gas fields
in the North Sea can be produced over a longer period of time
in an economical manner.

®
38 Management’s Report

Investments, acquisitions and divestitures

BASF Report 2014

Investments, acquisitions and divestitures

€5,552 million

in investments
made in 2014

€1,733 million

used for acquisitions
in 2014

Optimization

of our portfolio through
acquisitions and divestitures

In addition to innovations, investments and acquisitions
will contribute decisively toward achieving our ambitious
long-term growth goals. We are intensifying our invest-
ment in emerging markets and in North America. We use
targeted acquisitions to supplement our organic growth.

For the period from 2011 to 2020, we have planned capital
expenditures between €30 billion and €35 billion. We want to
invest more than a third of this amount in emerging markets
and expand our local presence in order to benefit from the
robust growth in these regions. Furthermore, we continue to
develop our portfolio through innovation-driven acquisitions
that promise above-average profitable growth. Investments
and acquisitions alike are both prepared by interdisciplinary
teams and are assessed using diverse criteria. In this way, we
ensure that economic, environmental and social concerns are
included in strategic decision-making. By investing in our
plants, we also continuously improve the energy efficiency of
our production processes.

Investments and acquisitions 2014 (in million €)

Invest- — Acquisi-
ments tions Total
Intangible assets 184 732 916
Thereof goodwill 0 623 623
Property, plant and equipment 5,368 1,001 6,369
Total 5,552 1,733 7,285

Investments

= Total investments slightly above previous year’s level
a Intensified investments in emerging markets

We invested €5,368 million in property, plant and equipment
in 2014. Total investments therefore exceeded the previous
year’s level by €451 million. We presume that average yearly
investment between 2015 and 2020 will be lower compared
with 2014, after having initiated several major projects in
previous years that are now being implemented. Our invest-
ments in 2014 focused on the Chemicals, Oil & Gas and
Performance Products segments.

In Ludwigshafen, we are building an integrated TDI facility
with a capacity of 300,000 metric tons per year and expand-
ing the plants for the associated precursors. Production is
expected to start in the second half of 2015. TDI is an import-
ant basic chemical product that is used primarily for soft
polyurethane foams.

The construction of the new MDI plant in Chongqing,
China, and acrylic acid and superabsorbent production
complex in Camagari, Brazil, as well as the expansion of our
Verbund site in Nanjing, China, are progressing. With these
major investments, we are expanding our presence in the
growth regions Asia and South America.

In the Oil & Gas segment, we invested primarily in field
development projects in Norway, Argentina and Russia in
2014.

ian) For more on investments within the segments, see page 62 onward
BASF Report 2014

Additions to property, plant and equipment by segment in 2014
6

1. Chemicals 32% \] 1

2 Performance Products 13%

3 Functional Materials & Solutions 10% © ae
€6,369 million

4 Agricultural Solutions 6%

5 Oil & Gas 37% F 4

6 — Other (infrastructure, R&D) 2% mr / _\ 2

3

Additions to property, plant and equipment by region in 2014

1 Europe 63% 3

2 North America 14%

3 Asia Pacific 13% €6,369 million
South America, Africa, \

4 Middle East 10%

Acquisitions

m= Further expansion of our oil and gas production
and reserves in the North Sea
= Transaction with Statoil ASA concluded

We gained €1,001 million worth of property, plant and equip-
ment through acquisitions in 2014. Additions to intangible
assets including goodwill amounted to €732 million.

We continued the expansion of our oil and gas production
and our reserves in Norway in 2014. On December 1, 2014,
we concluded the purchase agreed upon with Statoil, based
in Stavanger, Norway, of shares in the Gjoa (5%) and Vega
(24.5%) production fields, the Aasta Hansteen development
project (24%), the Asterix discovery (19%) and the Polarled
Pipeline Project (13.2%), as well as in four exploration licenses
near Aasta Hansteen. Our share in these assets encom-
passes reserves and resources of around 170 million barrels
of oil equivalent (BOE). The acquisition of shares in the Gjoa
and Vega production fields increased our daily production in
Norway from around 40,000 BOE to roughly 60,000 BOE.
Furthermore, Wintershall is scheduled to take over operator-
ship of the Vega field at the end of the first quarter of 2015.
The transaction was concluded with retroactive financial effect
as of January 1, 2014. We have additionally agreed with
Statoil to work together on the future development of the
exploration potential of the Voring Basin.

Management’s Report 39

Investments, acquisitions and divestitures

Furthermore, on October 31, 2014, we completed the acqui-
sition of a 2.5% share in the Brage production field in the
Norwegian North Sea from Tullow Oil Norge AS, based in
Oslo, Norway. The transaction was concluded with retro-
active financial effect as of January 1, 2014. With this acquisi-
tion, we increased our investment in Brage to a total of 35.2%.

We agreed with our partner Gazprom not to proceed with
the asset swap planned for the end of 2014. The arrangement
had been for Wintershall to give Gazprom its share in the
natural gas trading and storage business as well as a share of
Wintershall Noordzee B.V. Wintershall was to receive shares
in two additional blocks of the Urengoy field in western Siberia
in return. Together with Gazprom, we still intend to continue
the close partnership we have established over many years of
dependable cooperation.

ian For more information on acquisitions, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements from page 175 onward

Divestitures

On March 25, 2014, we concluded the sale of selected oil
and gas investments to the Hungarian MOL Group as agreed
upon at the end of 2013; MOL received 14 licenses in the
North Sea. The transaction was financially retroactive to
January 1, 2013.

The sale of our PolyAd Services business to Edgewater
Capital Partners, L.P., was concluded on June 2, 2014. With
this divestiture, we are gearing our plastic additives business
even more toward the core business areas of light stabilizers,
antioxidants and customer-specific blends.

Effective November 17, 2014, we sold our 50% share in
Styrolution Holding GmbH to the INEOS Group. An option for
INEOS to purchase BASF’s share had already been included
in the partnership agreement of 2011.

On December 31, 2014, we sold to our partner Shell our
50% share in the joint operation Ellba Eastern Private Ltd.,
Singapore, which produces styrene monomer and propylene
oxide. Because propylene oxide and its value chains remain
important, Shell has contractually agreed to provide BASF
with the amounts it requires.

jan For more information on divestitures, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements from page 177 onward
40 Management's Report

Business models and customer relations

BASF Report 2014

Business models and customer relations

Cost-effective

and reliable supplier
of classic chemicals

Customized

with products and formulations
for specific industries

Innovative

in close partnership
with our customers

BASF’s customer portfolio ranges from major global
customers and medium-sized businesses to local work-
shops. We align our business models and sales channels
with the respective customer groups and market
segments. In line with our strategic principle, “We add
value as one company,” we tightly bundle our products
and services to target the specific needs of customers
from various sectors and release innovations more
quickly to the market.

Customer relations

a Classical chemicals business
a Customized products
= Functionalized materials and solutions

In the classical chemicals business, we mostly sell the
chemicals produced in our Verbund in bulk. These comprise
basic products from the Chemicals segment, such as steam
cracker products, sulfuric acid, plasticizers, caprolactam and
TDI. For these basic chemicals, our priority is on supplying
customers reliably and cost effectively. Marketing is partly
carried out via e-commerce.

We create a broad range of customized products,
particularly in the Performance Products segment — from vita-
mins, personal care ingredients and color pigments to paper
chemicals and plastic additives. In joint projects, we start
working closely together with customers already at an early
stage in order to develop new products or formulations for a
specific industry. A worldwide network of development labo-
ratories allows us to quickly adapt our products to local
needs.

We offer functionalized materials and solutions tailored
to customers’ requirements, particularly in the Functional
Materials & Solutions and Agricultural Solutions segments.
These include, for example, engineering plastics, concrete
additives, coatings and crop protection products. We engage
in close partnerships with customers and develop innovations
together that help them optimize their processes and applica-
tions. Our understanding of the entire value chain as well as
our global setup and market knowledge are key success
factors here.

ian) For information on customer relations in the Oil & Gas segment,
see page 85 onward

Industry orientation

a Around half of business units geared toward
specific industries

au Industry teams pool cross-unit expertise,
knowledge and contacts

a Industry orientation undergoing systematic,
structured enhancement

We serve customers from many different sectors with our
broad portfolio of diverse competencies, processes, tech-
nologies and products. Around half of our business units are
geared toward specific industries. By combining expertise
and resources, we position ourselves as a solution-oriented
system provider for our customers.

Yet not all business units can be arranged purely accord-
ing to industry. That is why BASF has created sector-specific
groups for key customer industries —- like the automotive,
pharmaceutical and packaging industries —- or for growth
fields such as wind energy. These “industry teams” pool
expertise, knowledge and contacts across different units,
sharpen our understanding of the value chains in customer
industries and work on sector-specific solutions that often
could not be developed within one operating division alone.
For the wind energy growth market, for example, BASF has
combined the expertise of five divisions into one global indus-
ry team. There, we develop intelligent solutions together with
our customers for making the manufacture and operation
of wind turbines more efficient. In addition to matrix systems
or highly durable, fiber-reinforced components, our portfolio
or wind power applications also includes adhesives and
coatings for rotor blades, lubricants and hydraulic liquids
or gearboxes and concrete additives for foundations and
owers.

The close alignment of our business with our customers’
needs is an important component of our “We create chem-
istry” strategy. We will therefore continue the systematic and
structured enhancement of our industry orientation in the
future.

BASF Report 2014

Working at BASF

113,292

employees
around the world

3,186

apprentices’ in
around 60 occupations

Management’s Report
Working at BASF

€101 million

invested in
further training

Our employees are fundamental to achieving the goals of
our “We create chemistry” strategy. We want to attract
talented people, retain them in the company, and support
them in their development. To do so, we cultivate a working
environment that inspires and connects people. It is founded
on inclusive leadership based on mutual trust, respect and
dedication to top performance.

Strategy

=u Best Team Strategy focuses on excellent people,
workplace and leaders

Our Best Team Strategy is derived from our corporate strategy
and simultaneously contributes to the achievement of its goals.
We want to form the best team. To achieve this, we focus on
three strategic directions: excellent people, excellent place to
work and excellent leaders. Emphasis here is placed on our
attractiveness in worldwide labor markets, career development
and life-long learning in all regions, and supporting and
developing our leaders, all while aiming to respect internation-
ally recognized labor and social standards worldwide. Our
actions are dictated by internal corporate guidelines.

BASF Group employees by region
(Total: 113,292, thereof 24.4% women, as of December 31, 2014)

North America

17,120

15.1 %
wel ul yt
23.4% 76.6% 25.8% 74.2%

South America,
Africa,
Middle East

7,638
6.7 %

Number of employees

At the end of 2014, BASF had 113,292 employees (2013:
112,206); of these, 3,186 were apprentices (2013: 3,060). We
hired 7,679 new employees Group-wide in 2014.

BASF Group new hires in 2014

Thereof women %

December 31, 2014

Europe 3,193 29.0%
North America 1,452 27.3%
Asia Pacific 2,048 22.7%
South America, Africa,
Middle East 986 31.3%
Total 7,679 27.3%
Europe
71,474
63.1 %
23.8% 76.2% 27.0% C) 73.0%
Germany: 53,277 (47.0 %) Asia Pacific
23.7 % women and 76.3. % men
BASE SE: 35,848 (31.6 %) 1 7,060
21.4% women and 78.6 % men 15 1 %

‘At BASF, the apprenticeship program trains students for technical, scentific and business vocations as well as for trade and craft professions.
42 Management's Report

Working at BASF

Competition for talent

mu New career website
= Expansion of recruiting and training
measures in Asia Pacific

In the worldwide competition for the best employees and
leaders, we want to recruit qualified talent in order to achieve
our ambitious growth targets. To even further enhance BASF’s
status as an attractive employer, we specified the values that
we as an employer want to stand for: Connecting, Engaging,
Learning and Caring. At the end of 2014, we redesigned our
career website and tailored it to the needs of our target groups.
This involved, for example, improved worldwide job search
functions as well as interactive elements like live chats, where
applicants can connect with BASF employees for insight into
our working environment.

We also want to strengthen our employees’ identification
with the company. In North America, for example, we started
the Recognizing You program in 2014, which spotlights excep-
tional employee performance and activities.

One of our recruiting focus areas is in the Asia Pacific
region. We scout out researchers from around the world to
meet the increasing staff requirements for our Innovation Cam-
pus Asia Pacific research site in Shanghai, China. Furthermore,
we are establishing the Roots — Laboratory training program in
China. This one-year dual program with both theoretical and
practical elements prepares employees for work at an Innova-
tion Campus laboratory.

For its activities in helping graduates and entry-level
employees get started on their careers, BASF was once again
selected by engineering students as one of the 50 mos
attractive employers in the world in a 2014 study conducted by
Universum. Furthermore, BASF Corporation in the United
States received the Talent Board’s Candidate Experience
Award for the second time in a row for our excellent perfor-
mance in the management of external candidates.

Worldwide, the percentage of employees who left the com-
pany voluntarily during their first three years of employment
was 1.3% on average. This turnover rate was 0.5% in Europe,
1.8% in North America, 3.9% in Asia Pacific and 1.4% in South
America, Africa, Middle East.

BASF Report 2014

Vocational training

= 3,186 apprentices in around 60 occupations
worldwide
a = €101 million used for vocational training

As of December 31, 2014, BASF was training 3,186 people in
around 60 occupations in 16 countries worldwide. We spent a
total of €101 million on vocational training in 2014, as well as
around €15 million on the BASF Training Verbund as part of our
social commitment in the Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region.

In 2014, 908 apprentices started their vocational training
at BASF SE and German Group companies. An additional
263 young people participated in the BASF Training Verbund’s
career-start programs Start in den Beruf and Anlauf zur Aus-
bildung in cooperation with partner companies. The goal of
these programs is to prepare participants for a subsequent
apprenticeship within one year. Their approach comprises
theoretical as well as practical program elements. Examples
include guidance in choosing a profession and gaining work
experience in the BASF Training Verbund’s partner companies.
In this way, the programs contribute to ensuring a long-term
supply of qualified employees for BASF and the Rhine-Neckar
Metropolitan Region.

As in the previous year, 20 Spanish apprentices began their
vocational training in Tarragona, Spain, in 2014, based on the
German vocational training model. The theoretical and practical
phases take place in Tarragona and in Ludwigshafen. We see
this as a way to expand our recruiting base and plan, upon
successful completion of their training, to employ the appren-
tices in areas like production at the Ludwigshafen site.

= For more information, see basf.com/apprenticeship

BASF Group employees by contract type (total: 113,292)

December 31, 2014 Thereof women %

Permanent staff 107,667 23.8
Apprentices 3,186 29.8
Temporary staff 2,439 42.6

BASF Report 2014

Learning and development

Life-long learning concept
Specific further training for employees
in production and technical areas
au Learning Campus offers multifaceted possibilities
and promotes learning in worldwide networks

Our employees’ individual development is important to us.
We follow a life-long learning approach that emphasizes the
significance of learning from experience, supplemented by
the concepts of learning from others and learning through
courses and media. By combining learning in the workplace
with programs for development, we address the varying
requirements of a rapidly changing market.

In regular development meetings, our employees and
leaders outline prospects for individual professional develop-
ment together and determine measures for further training
and development. This approach was carried out for around
45,000 employees by the end of 2014. Our goal is to intro-
duce these development meetings for all BASF employees by
2017. They supplement the annual employee dialogs that are
conducted in all BASF Group companies worldwide, which
include an employee performance assessment component.

We spent around €101 million on further training in
2014 (2013: €106 million). Our measures for further training
are based on the learning needs of our employees. Local
and international seminars and workshops enable the acqui-
sition and exchange of knowledge and promote networking.
Each employee spent an average of 2.6 days on further train-
ing in 2014. More than 107,000 seminar days took place at
BASF SE, including at the Learning Center, in 2014.

Internal specialists provide our employees with career
counseling. In addition, we provide targeted guidance for
employees engaged in part-time Bachelor’s or Master’s
studies and advise them on various career development
opportunities. We support the large number of employees in
production and technical areas worldwide with career-specific
further training and vocational guidance. We have strength-
ened our in-plant qualification measures with shift trainers
who promote the continual professional development of
employees in production and technology through individual
learning assignments. Furthermore, we have established
programs on safety culture, knowledge management and
team development.

Management’s Report 43

Working at BASF

Our global Learning Campus is the central platform for the
life-long learning programs we offer. It allows employees to
find relevant learning opportunities on both a local and global
level. The offers entail learning in the workplace as well as
self-directed learning through electronic media. Networking
and learning from others is also promoted. We opened a
training center in Singapore in 2014 as part of the Learning
Campus.

The concept additionally includes the Welcome to BASF
program for new employees around the world, as well as the
seminar Campus: Dialog with the Divisions, in which around
1,400 employees take part each year. We are also enhancing
our mentoring approach to promote long-term partnerships
and mutual learning.

Managing demographic changes

In order to address the ramifications of demographic change,
we create a suitable framework to help maintain the employ-
ability of our personnel at all stages of life and ensure the
availability of qualified employees. We support our employees
and leaders with workshops, health and exercise programs,
age-appropriate workplace optimization and demographic
analyses. For example, the topic “leadership in times of
demographic change” has been a part of our basic. skill
enhancement for new leaders since 2013. We are additionally
working on measures to safeguard and pass on knowledge.

ian For more on health protection, see page 99

BASF Group employee age structure
(Total: 113,292, thereof 24.4% women, as of December 31, 2014)

8,424 37,579 50,218 17,071
Up to and including Between 26 Between 40 55 years and up
25 years and 39 years and 54 years (16.1% women)

(29.5% women) (30.8% women) (21.5% women)

™ Men M&M Women
44 Management's Report

Working at BASF

Inclusion of diversity

BASF Corporation honored in United States
Portion of (senior) executive positions with

disciplinary responsibilities held by women

at 19.1% worldwide

In order to address the various needs of our customers and
markets, we rely on the best team in all areas and functions
around the globe. The inclusion of diversity is an important
component of our strategic talent management. It helps us to
continuously improve our team’s performance and power of
innovation, and increases creativity, motivation and identifica-
tion with the company. This is why we are developing measures
to further promote the appreciation and inclusion of diversity.
Leaders play an important role here. We support them in
embracing diversity and integrating it into day-to-day business.
For example, specific goals and measures are developed
together with leaders, such as those for recognizing and
developing different kinds of talent. Employees around the
world are active as ambassadors of diversity within the
company, contributing significantly to an open and appreciative
company culture. For its particular commitment to social diver-
sity, BASF Corporation in the United States received the 2014
award for Top 50 Company for Diversity from the organization
DiversityInc for the second time in a row.

In the BASF Group, the worldwide percentage of (senior)
executive positions with disciplinary leadership responsibilities
held by women was 19.1% at the end of 2014 (2013: 18.5%).
In a joint initiative with all 30 DAX-listed companies, BASF
signed a voluntary commitment in 2011: In Germany, we aim to
raise the percentage of women in these positions from 9.8%
(baseline 2010) to 15% by the end of 2020. At the end of 2014,
this figure was 14.5% in Germany.

Continuing internationalization prompted us to raise our
goal in 2012 for the proportion of senior executives’ with inter-
national experience to over 80%. In 2014, 83% of our senior
executives had international experience and 34.3% were not
German citizens.

| For more information, see basf.com/diversity
Work-life balance

a Worldwide offers help combine career, family and
personal life

To promote a good working environment, we provide — and
continue to develop — a wide range of programs worldwide
that help employees better combine their careers with family
and personal life. This increases our employees’ identification
with the company and bolsters our position as an attractive
employer in the competition for qualified personnel. We offer,
for example, diverse working models: such as flexible working

BASF Report 2014

hours, part-time employment and mobile working. In 2014, a
total of 11.3% of BASF SE employees held part-time positions,
68.5% of which were women. Numerous BASF SE employees
also made use of parental leave, including more and more men.

Combining career, family and personal life
(Total BASF SE employees: 35,848, thereof 21.4% women,
as of December 31, 2014)

553

Employees on
parental leave !
(women 89.0%)

Returnees from
parental leave !
(women 40.2%)

™ Men M&M Women

‘Parental leave, including “partner months”

Our regional initiatives address the needs of our employees at
a local level. At our Work-Life Management center in Ludwigs-
hafen (“LuMit”), we offer numerous opportunities for exercise
and health, employee assistance, and career, family and per-
sonal life. Our childcare facilities at the Kassel, Ludwigshafen
and Munster sites can accommodate a total of 475 children.
We also provide employee assistance opportunities in North
America. Furthermore, employees at the Florham Park, New
Jersey, site can exercise in modern fitness centers and visit the
physical therapy facilities.

What we expect from our leaders

a Asrole models, leaders should demonstrate values
and standards of conduct to particularly high degree

Our leaders serve as role models in implementing our strategy
in their day-to-day business. Our leadership culture is based on
BASF’s strategic principles and values as well as on the stan-
dards of behavior set out by our globally uniform Code of
Conduct. In their capacity as role models, leaders are expected
to demonstrate these standards to a particularly high degree.
The global competency model introduced in 2013 applies for
all employees. It forms the foundation of our employee and
leadership development.

All new leaders at BASF take part in the New Leader
Program, a modular development program focusing on the
enhancement of fundamental leadership skills, self-reflection
and networking. We support experienced leaders with indi-
vidual offers for honing their competencies. They furthermore
serve as internal trainers or observers in our development
measures to promote the development of others. We offer
multifaceted global, regional and local programs to increase
connectivity and exchange.

' The term “senior executives” refers to leadership levels 1 to 4, whereas level 1 denotes the Board of Executive Directors. In addition, individual employees can attain senior executive

status by virtue of special expertise.
BASF Report 2014

Leadership responsibility in the BASF Group'

Thereof women %

December 31, 2014

Professionals? 35,419 29.0

9,060 19.1

(Senior) executives?

' According to the global classification system introduced in 2014
2 Specialists without disciplinary leadership responsibilities
° Employees with disciplinary leadership responsibilities

Global Employee Survey

The Global Employee Survey and its follow-up process have
been established for the entire BASF Group ever since the first
global survey in 2008. We conducted the second Global
Employee Survey in 2012. The results were presented to the
Board of Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board.
Employees and leaders then discussed the results together,
and developed and implemented measures for improvement in
all regions. Example topics included supporting employees in
their career development, work-life balance, and dealing with
change. We conduct this survey on a regular basis. The next
Global Employee Survey is planned for 2015.

Compensation and benefits

= Compensation based on employee’s position
and individual performance as well as company’s
success

mu Pay generally comprises fixed and variable
components plus benefits

In addition to market-oriented compensation, BASF’s total offer
also comprises benefits, individual opportunities for develop-
ment and a good working environment. Our employees’ pay is
based on global compensation principles. These take into
account an employee’s position and individual performance as
well as BASF’s success as a company. We are currently working
on a global framework for these compensation principles as well
as an overview of the company’s total offer for our employees
(“you@BASF”). Analyses of the Ludwigshafen site have shown
that, for contracts exempt from collective agreements, there are
no systematic differences in pay between men and women,
provided the positions and qualifications are comparable.

As a rule, compensation is comprised of fixed and variable
components as well as benefits that often exceed legal require-
ments. In many countries, these include company pension
benefits, supplementary health insurance, and share programs.
In 2014, the BASF Group spent €9,224 million on wages and
salaries, social security contributions and expenses for pensions
and assistance (2013: €9,285 million), representing a 0.7%
decrease in personnel expenses.

Management’s Report 45

Working at BASF

This was largely due to the reversal of provisions for the long-
term incentive (LTI) program and to currency effects, and was
partly counterbalanced by the rising number of employees as
well as salary and wage increases.

ian) For more information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements on page 189

BASF Group personnel expenses (in million €)

Change

2014 2013 in %

Wages and salaries 7,380 7,455 (1.0)
Social security contributions

and expenses for pensions

and assistance 1,844 1,830 0.8

Thereof for pension benefits 560 579 (3.3)

Total personnel expenses 9,224 9,285 (0.7)

Employees participate in company’s success

a Annual bonus for 2014 to once again reach high level
a BASF share program “plus” fosters employees’ long-
term participation in company

Our employees participate in the company’s success through
variable pay components and are rewarded for their individual
performance. The same principles basically apply for all employ-
ees. The amount of the variable component is determined by the
success of the company — measured by the return on assets of
the BASF Group — and the employee’s individual performance.
Individual performance is assessed using a globally consistent
performance management approach. The annual bonus for
2014 will once again reach a high level.

In numerous Group companies, employees are offered the
chance to purchase shares. The BASF share program “plus”
sponsors the long-term participation of our employees in the
company through incentive shares: By investing a part of their
compensation in BASF shares, they take part in the long-term
development of BASF.

Since 1999, BASF has offered its senior executives the
opportunity to participate in a share-price-based compensation
program. This long-term incentive (LT!) program ties a portion of
their compensation to the long-term performance of BASF
shares. In 2014, 94% of the approximately 1,200 senior execu-
tives eligible worldwide participated in the LT| program, investing
up to 30% of their variable compensation in BASF shares.

ian For more information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements from page 219 onward
46 Management's Report

Working at BASF

Dialog with employee representatives

Open dialog with employee representatives is an important
component of our company’s actions. If restructuring leads to
staff downsizing, we work with employee representatives to
develop socially responsible implementation measures. This
is done in accordance with the respective legal regulations and
the agreements reached. For cross-border matters, the BASF
Europa Betriebsrat (European Works Council) has been respon-
sible for employees in Europe since 2008. Our German employee
representatives and leaders met in the “Wittenberg Dialogs”
once again in 2014 to discuss the Code of Responsible Conduct
for Business in the Social Market Economy.

For more information, see basf.com/employeerepresentation

Global labor and social standards

= National law and ILO core labor standards as minimum
requirement

a Adherence to voluntary commitments evaluated using
three-pronged monitoring system

Compliance with national law and the core labor standards of
the International Labor Organization (ILO) forms the basis of
our actions. Moreover, we aim to harmonize our working con-
ditions worldwide with our voluntary commitments, the relevant
ILO conventions, and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational
Enterprises, as well as with local requirements like industry
standards. In countries where national laws, rules and customs
deviate from international standards, we are challenged with
finding appropriate solutions by engaging in dialog with the

Survey of ILO core labor standards / human rights 2014

BASF Report 2014

relevant stakeholders. We evaluate our adherence to our volun-
tary commitments using a three-pronged monitoring system
introduced throughout the BASF Group. It consists of the
following instruments:

— External compliance hotlines

— Annual survey of our Group companies

— Close dialog with our stakeholders, such as with employee
representatives and international organizations

In 2014, our external compliance hotlines received 127 calls
relating to human rights, 116 of which pertained to labor and
social standards. Misconduct was identified in 21 cases.
Countermeasures were taken in all of these cases. The results
of the annual survey conducted at our Group companies reflect
the working conditions of 100% of our employees in 2014. If
the findings indicate that our voluntary commitments are not
being sufficiently implemented, we investigate this information
and introduce remedial measures. In order to better evaluate
worldwide compliance with international labor and social stan-
dards, we conduct regional risk analyses for our businesses
every year, including in 2014. We are constantly enhancing and
refining our risk management.

| For more on labor and social standards, see
basf.com/labor_social_standards

ian For more on our global standards, see page 24
For more on compliance, see page 134 onward

Process implemented

Effectiveness of the process

Prevention of 100% Verification of age of employee when hired 100% Employees are over 15 years of age when hired

child labor

Prevention of 100% Employment contract based on 100% Employees have a right to unilateral termination

forced labor employee's voluntary agreement of the employment contract

Prevention of 100% Personnel policies based on objective In 2014, we received 22 calls. Misconduct was

discriminination criteria not identified

Employees’ right to freedom of association 100%' No company measures to fundamentally 94% Employees are working at a company in which
restrict freedom of association employee representation exists

Employees’ right to collective bargaining 100%' No company measures to fundamentally 91% Employees are working at a company in which

restrict freedom of collective bargaining

working conditions are based on a collective
contract and employee representation exists

* Some of our employees are working in countries that have national legal restrictions with respect to freedom of association and collective bargaining.
BASF Report 2014

Social commitment

€45.4 million
spent by BASF Group

on donations, sponsorship
and own projects

86,889

participants in Kids’ Labs
and Teens’ Labs worldwide

Management’s Report 47

Social commitment

€339,000

collected in 2014
year-end donation campaign

We take on social responsibility: We are involved in
diverse projects worldwide, especially in the communi-
ties where our sites are located. Our main focus is on
access to education. In this way, we promote innovative
capacity and future viability.

Strategy

In 2014, the BASF Group spent a total of €45.4 million support-
ing projects (2013: €49.2 million). Of this amount, we donated
32% (2013: 27%). We support initiatives that reach out to as
many people as possible and have a long-lasting impact,
fostering education, science, social projects, sports and cul-
tural events in the communities around our sites. On a regional
level, we work together with universities, schools and nonprofit
organizations. We support BASF Stiftung, a charitable founda-
tion, in its international projects with various U.N. and nongov-
ernmental organizations.

BASF Group donations, sponsorship and own projects in 2014
(in million €)

6
1 Education 23.8 52.4% , a
2 — Social projects 4.6 10.1% a
3 Culture 49 10.8% 4
145.4 million
4 Science 34 6.8%
5 Sports 29 64% \
6 Other 6.1 13.5% .™

Focus on education

Kids’ Labs win awards in several countries
Two more projects added to education program
Offensive Bildung

u Wissensfabrik (Knowledge Factory) presses ahead
with its startup initiative

In 2014, 86,889 children and young people visited our Kids’
Labs and Teens’ Labs in 30 countries. Our labs were awarded
special recognition in several countries, including Hungary,
South Africa and the United States.

With the education initiative Offensive Bildung, BASF and
its partners are involved in early-childhood education. We expan-
ded the initiative with two more projects in 2014: The Eine
Kita fur alle — Vielfalt inklusive (“Childcare for Everyone — Diversity
Included”) pilot project accompanies ten daycare centers in the

Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region on their way toward inclusive
daycare. In the Mit Neugier und Pipette (“Curiosity Plus Pipette”)
project, children from five childcare centers research chemical
and physical phenomena together with 20 BASF apprentices.
As a founding member of the Wissensfabrik (Knowledge
Factory), BASF is part of a nationwide network of more
than 120 companies and foundations making a contribution
to education and entrepreneurship in Germany. Here, BASF
maintains over 200 educational partnerships with schools and
kindergartens and provides mentors for young companies. This
also included advancing “Weconomy” in 2014, the Wissens-
fabrik’s Germany-wide entrepreneurship initiative that promotes
exchange between established companies and startups.

BASF Stiftung projects

a BASF Stiftung supports UNICEF after flooding in
Balkans

u Proceeds from year-end donation campaign go to
education program in Kenya

BASF Stiftung provided the United Nations Children’s Fund
(UNICEF) with €200,000 for emergency relief after flooding in the
Balkans in the spring of 2014. The donation was used for recon-
struction and psychosocial support for children in Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Croatia and Serbia. In addition, BASF SE donated
€200,000 to BASF Stiftung toward emergency aid for relie’
efforts in overcoming the Ebola crisis in West Africa. BASF
Stiftung thus provides equal support to UNICEF's disaster relie’
and to the United Nation’s World Food Programme (WFP).

WFP and BASF Stiftung concluded a partnership agreemen
in 2014. BASF Stiftung also supports a WFP program in Nicara-
gua, which establishes school gardens to improve nutrition for
local children.

The company and its employees gave €339,000 to BASF
Stiftung in the 2014 year-end donation campaign. BASF Stiftung
will use this sum to support a Save the Children education pro-
gram in Kenya. The program aims to improve education quality,
ensure access to education, and firmly implant the importance of
education in the population.

For more information, see basf.com/international_donations

@
48 Management's Report
The BASF Group business year — Economic environment

The BASF Group business year

Economic environment

2.5%

growth in global gross
domestic product

3.4%

growth in global industrial
production

BASF Report 2014

4.0%

growth in global
chemical industry

The global economy grew only moderately in 2014. After
a positive start to the year, the economy in the European
Union grew faster than in 2013; however, it temporarily
lost momentum over the course of the year. The U.S.
economy was able to quickly recover after a weather-
related slump at the beginning of the year, slightly
outpacing the previous year’s growth rate. The Japanese
economy was dampened by a sales tax increase. In
China, growth declined slightly but remained at a high
level. At 2.5%, global gross domestic product increased
at about the same rate overall as in 2013 (+2.4%'), which
was less than we had originally forecast for 2014 (+2.8%).
The average crude oil price for Brent blend fell to $99 per
barrel (2013: $109 per barrel).

an) For the outlook for the economic environment in 2015,
see page 119 onward

Trends in the global economy in 2014

The year 2014 was characterized by weak economic devel-
opment. While the construction industry in western Europe
benefited from a warm winter, economic activity in the United
States was hampered by unusually cold weather at the begin-
ning of the year. The economy in China also got off to a slow
start in 2014 before the government’s economic support
measures temporarily accelerated growth somewhat. The
conflict in Ukraine intensified over the course of the year.
Aside from the negative effects of mutually imposed sanctions
on trade with Russia, uncertainty with regard to the further
development of the crisis contributed heavily to dampening
expectations for the European economy and led to a reduced
appetite for investment.

Gross domestic product
Real change compared with previous year

World 2014 25%
2013 2.4% [i
European Union 2014 14%
2013 0.1% 1!
United States 2014 24%
2013 2.2%
Emerging markets 2014 6.2% DT Ts
of Asia 2013 6.4% Ee
Japan 2014 0.0%
2013 1.6%
South America 2014 0.3% Hf
2013 3.0%

Economic trends by region

a Economic development in E.U. slack and uneven

a U.S. economy grows faster than in 2013

= Growth in Japan and South America considerably
weaker than in previous year

Economic development in the European Union was slack
and uneven. At an overall rate of 1.4%, gross domestic prod-
uct nevertheless grew faster than in the previous year (2013:
+0.1%). While the United Kingdom enjoyed robust growth,
Spain and Germany were the only larger eurozone countries
to show positive development. Italy remained in recession
and the French economy stagnated. By comparison, the
eastern E.U. countries observed solid growth rates. Particu-
larly in Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, growth was
substantially higher than in 2013. In Germany, business
expectations turned considerably gloomy after the first quar-
ter. Economic performance even dipped slightly in the second
quarter, especially as construction spending declined while
private consumption grew only weakly. Growth accelerated
somewhat over the rest of the year, and Germany’s gross
domestic product grew as a result by an average of 1.6% for
the year (2013: +0.2%).

In the United States, average growth for the year
was somewhat higher than in 2013. In the first quarter of
2014, cold weather and cyclical inventory effects led to a
significant decline in gross domestic product. Over the rest of
the year, the economy grew by around 4% on average, with

' Figures that refer to previous years could deviate from last year’s report due to statistical revisions.
BASF Report 2014

momentum coming from investment activity and private
consumption. Against this background, the upward trend in
the labor market continued unabated; the unemployment rate
dropped below 6% in the fall.

In the emerging markets of Asia, growth receded slightly
in 2014. A major reason for this lay in the slowing economic
dynamic in China (2014: +7.7%; 2013: +7.4%). The positive
influence of the Chinese government’s stimulus measures
following the unusually weak first quarter had less of an
impact than in the past. Lower housing prices and the down-
turn in construction activity had further negative effects.
Compared with the previous year’s averages, currencies in
many of Asia’s emerging markets — such as India, Indonesia
and Thailand — lost considerable value relative to the dollar.

In Japan, the economy in the first quarter of 2014 was
marked by massive advance purchases in private consump-
tion. Following a sales tax increase in the second quarter,
gross domestic product fell temporarily and did not stabilize
again until the end of the second half. Seen on average over
the year, the Japanese economy stagnated. The end of defla-
tion brought about by an expansive monetary policy initially
had a negative impact on the real economy: Real income fell,
as salaries did not keep pace with the increase in consumer
prices.

Gross domestic product in South America grew at a
significantly slower rate than in the previous year. The eco-
nomic situation in Brazil deteriorated dramatically compared
with 2013. Consumer confidence dropped considerably over
the course of the year. Investors, too, adopted a restrained
approach before the presidential election in the fall of 2014.
After record growth in the previous year, the agricultural sector
was only able to make a small contribution to growth. The
Argentinian economy shrank by around 2%. Growth was
hampered by the sharp depreciation of the local currency and
high inflation, in addition to uncertainty surrounding the out-
come of the negotiations with international creditors and the
lack of access to capital markets.

Trends in key customer industries

a Global industrial production growth significantly
faster than in previous year

ua Chemical industry’s key customer sectors grow at
rates comparable with 2013

Global industrial production grew by 3.4% in 2014, signifi-
cantly faster than in the previous year (+2.9%) but somewhat
below our forecast of 3.7%. Growth only picked up in the
industrialized countries (2014: +2.6%; 2013: +1.0%), espe-
cially in the United States. Industrial production in western
Europe was able to see slight gains after declines in the pre-
vious two years. By contrast, the emerging markets showed
somewhat slower industrial growth (2014: +4.3%, 2013:
+4.8%), primarily reflecting the deceleration of growth in
China.

Management’s Report
The BASF Group business year — Economic environment

Most key customer sectors of the chemical industry grew at a
similar rate as in 2013. Development in the transportation and
construction industries was markedly different from region to
region. While automobile production in the European Union
once again grew considerably, the automotive industry’s
robust growth slackened in Asia and the United States. The
construction industry in the European Union was. able
to boast slight gains for the first time since 2007. By contrast
growth was in part considerably weaker for the construction
industry in the United States, Japan, China and South
America.

Agriculture grew markedly slower than in 2013. In Nort
and South America, growth was more modest compared wi
the previous year’s rates, which were in part very high. Growt
in agricultural production declined in eastern Europe.

aT DS

a>

Growth in key customer industries
Real change compared with previous year

Industry total 2014 3.4% Ds
2013 2.9% De
Transportation 2014 2.7%
2013 3.4% Ds
Energy and 2014 19%
resources 2013 1.8% Da
Construction 2014 3.3% DI
2013 3.3% I
Consumer goods 2014 3.0% Ds
2013 3.4% De
Electronics 2014 42, DAA
2013 41%
Health and nutrition 2014 35% Ds
2013 3.1% Ds
Agriculture 2014 29% Da
2013 3.4% De

BASF sales by industry
Direct customers

>15% Chemicals and plastics | Energy and resources
10-15% Consumer goods | Transportation

5-10% Agriculture | Construction

<5% Health and nutrition | Electronics

49
50 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Economic environment

Trends in the chemical industry
a Growth somewhat weaker than in 2013

The chemical industry (excluding pharmaceuticals) grew at
4%, in keeping with the dampened dynamic of its key cus-
tomer industries and somewhat more slowly than in the previ-
ous year (+4.5%). Our original forecast of +4.4% had been
slightly higher.

After stagnating in 2013, production in the European
Union increased only slightly overall. The United Kingdom,
France and the eastern E.U. countries provided growth impe-
tus. Chemical production in Germany declined, however,
primarily as a result of decreases in the production of basic
chemicals. Growth in the United States was as high as in the
previous year; at 2.7%, it was considerably higher than in
Europe. In Japan, the economic downturn led to a slight
decline in chemical production. The chemical industry’s
growth rate in China, the largest chemical market in the world,
continued at a high level. Growth was nevertheless around
one percentage point slower than in the previous year due to
the weak overall economy.

Chemical production (excluding pharmaceuticals)
Real change compared with previous year

World 2014 4.0% a

2013 4.5% as
European Union 2014 1.2% —_

2013 (0.2%) \
United States 2014 2.7% ———

2013 2.7% Ll
Emerging markets 2014 7.8% as
of Asia 2013 9.1% a
Japan 2014 (0.8%) ml

2013 2.1% a
South America 2014 (2.0%) Mi

2013 2.2% =

Price trends for crude oil (Brent blend) and naphtha ($/barrel, $/metric ton)

St
1,200

BASF Report 2014

Important raw material price developments

a Prices drop for crude oil and naphtha
u Gas prices rise in United States and fall in Europe;
prices remain significantly lower in U.S. than Europe

At an average of around $99 per barrel in 2014, the price o
Brent blend crude oil was below the previous year’s leve
($109 per barrel). The oil price fluctuated over the course o
the year between $112 per barrel in June and $62 per barre’
in December.

Average monthly prices for the chemical raw materia
naphtha ranged over the course of 2014 between $953 per
metric ton in June and $492 per metric ton in December. A\
$837 per metric ton, the annualized average price of naphtha
in 2014 was below the level of 2013 ($902 per metric ton).

The average price of gas in the United States was $4.37
per mmBtu, once again significantly above the level of the
previous year ($3.73 per mmBtu). In Europe, the average
price for gas imports remained substantially higher, at $10.1
per mmBtu. Yet the difference between U.S. and European
reference prices shrank considerably, from $8.1 per mmBtu in
2013 to $5.7 per mmBtu in 2014. In China, the price for gas
was around $10 per mmBtu on national average. The price of
gas was between $11 and $14 per mmBtu in the coastal
regions. Compared with the previous year, this represents an
increase of between 15 and 20%.

$/bbl

140

1,100
1,000

130

900
800

120

110

700

100

90

600
500

80

Naphtha Crude Oil

400

70

{ 2014: $837/t 4 2014: — $99/bbI

60

{ 2013: $902/ ¢ 2013: $109/bbl

300
200

50

2009 2010 2011

40
2012 2013 2014
BASF Report 2014

Results of operations

The market environment was volatile and challenging in
2014. Growth rates for the global economy, industrial
production and the chemical industry all lagged behind
our expectations, largely influenced by growing geopolit-
ical tensions and the uncertainty triggered by them.
Despite these conditions, our business developed suc-
cessfully overall.

Sales and income from operations before
special items

a At €74,326 million, sales match level of 2013
a Income from operations before special items
rises by 4% to €7,357 million

At €74,326 million, sales in 2014 matched the level of the
previous year. In the chemicals business', sales rose as a
result of higher sales volumes. Increased volumes in the gas
trading business and slight sales growth in the Agricultural
Solutions segment likewise supported sales development.
Sales declined considerably in Other.

Income from operations before special items grew by
around 4% to €7,357 million. This was primarily the result of a
larger contribution from the chemicals business. Earnings
declined in the Agricultural Solutions and Oil & Gas segments.

ian For more information on income from operations, see page 53

Sales (in million €)

2014 74326 IIIA A
2013 73,973 I
2012 72129 (es

Income from operations before special items (in million €)

2014 7,357 DI
2013 7077 (ee
2012 664 (i

Management’s Report 54

The BASF Group business year — Results of operations

Factors influencing sales

We raised sales volumes in all segments in 2014. Prices were
reduced overall, largely on account of significant decreases in
oil and gas prices. Negative currency effects dampened sales
in almost all divisions. Portfolio effects did not have an appre-
ciable impact on BASF Group sales.

Factors influencing sales BASF Group

Change in

million € Change in %
Volumes 3,400 4
Prices (2,411) (3)
Currencies (775) (1)
Acquisitions and changes in
the scope of consolidation 296 0
Divestitures (157) 0
Total change in sales 353 0

Sales and income from operations before
special items in the segments

Sales in the Chemicals segment in 2014 matched the level of
the previous year. Falling prices in all divisions were offset by
higher sales volumes, especially in the Petrochemicals divi-
sion. Income from operations before special items surpassed
2013 levels by 8%, supported by substantially larger contri-
butions from the Petrochemicals and Intermediates divisions.
The Monomers division, however, posted a considerable,
margin-related decline in earnings.

In the Performance Products segment, sales were down
by 1%. Despite an increasingly gloomy market environment
over the course of the year, we were able to increase sales
volumes with stable prices and thus almost fully compensate
for negative currency effects. Income from operations before
special items improved by 7% year-on-year. This was mainly
because of the reduction in fixed costs brought about by
restructuring measures and other factors.

In the Functional Materials & Solutions segment, signifi-
cantly higher sales volumes — especially of products for the
automotive industry — led to a 3% increase in sales, which
was curbed by negative currency effects. Prices were stable
overall. We raised income from operations before special
items by 12% through considerable increases in the Catalysts
and Coatings divisions.

' Our chemicals business comprises the Chemicals, Performance Products and Functional Materials & Solutions segments.
52 Management’s Report BASF Report 2014
The BASF Group business year — Results of operations

Sales and earnings (in million €)

2014 2013 Change in %
Sales 74,326 73,973 0.5
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) 11,043 10,432 5.9
EBITDA margin % 14.9 14.1 -
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items 7,357 7,077 4.0
Income from operations (EBIT) 7,626 7,160 6.5
Financial result (423) (560) 24.5
Income before taxes and minority interests 7,203 6,600 941
Income before minority interests 5,492 5,113 7.4
Net income 5,155 4,792 7.6
Earnings per share € 5.61 5,22 7.5
Adjusted earnings per share € 5.44 5.31 2.4

Sales and earnings by quarter in 2014' (in million €)

1st quarter 2ndquarter 3rdquarter 4th quarter Full year
Sales 19,512 18,455 18,312 18,047 74,326
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) 2,951 2,705 2,514 2,873 11,043
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items 2,112 2,012 1,774 1,459 7,357
Income from operations (EBIT) 2,221 1,933 1,742 1,730 7,626

Financial result (183) (136) (169) 65 (423)
Income before taxes and minority interests 2,038 1,797 1,573 1,795 7,203
Net income 1,464 1,259 1,014 1,418 5,155
Earnings per share € 1.59 1.37 1.41 1.54 5.61
Adjusted earnings per share € 1.63 1.53 1.24 1.04 5.44

Sales and earnings by quarter in 2013} (in million €)

1st quarter 2ndquarter 3rdquarter 4th quarter Full year
Sales 19,738 18,353 17,733 18,149 73,973
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) 2,854 2,490 2,496 2,592 10,432
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items 2,186 1,803 1,669 1,419 7,077
Income from operations (EBIT) 2,141 1,744 1,659 1,616 7,160
Financial result (126) (162) (167) (105) (560)
Income before taxes and minority interests 2,015 1,582 1,492 1,511 6,600
Net income 1,434 1,144 1,086 1,128 4,792
Earnings per share € 1.56 1.25 1.18 1.23 5.22
Adjusted earnings per share € 1.65 1.39 1.27 1.00 5.31

' Quarterly results not audited
BASF Report 2014

Sales in the Agricultural Solutions segment exceeded the
level of 2013 by 4% despite negative currency effects. This
was largely due to robust business in Europe and North
America as well as greater demand for fungicides and herbi-
cides. Yet the drop in prices for agricultural products that
resulted from the previous year’s successful harvests put a
considerable strain on our business. Negative currency
effects, margin declines due to a less favorable product mix,
and higher expenditures for research and development as
well as for production and distribution all led to a decrease of
9% in income from operations before special items.

Sales in the Oil & Gas segment grew by 2% in 2014,
mainly through higher volumes in the natural gas trading
business. Sharply falling oil and gas prices weakened sales
growth. In the Exploration & Production business sector, the
activities in Norway acquired from Statoil led to positive port-
folio effects. Income from operations before special items
declined by 3% as a result of slightly smaller contributions
from both business sectors.

Sales in Other decreased by 14%. This was predomi-
nantly because of lower plant availability after a plant outage
at the Ellba C.V. joint operation in Moerdijk, Netherlands.
Income from operations before special items improved by
8%. The reversal of provisions for the long-term incentive (LT])
program and an improvement in foreign currency results not
assigned to the segments were partly offset by lower earnings
contributions from other businesses.

aa For more on business reviews by segment, see page 60 onward

Management’s Report 53

The BASF Group business year — Results of operations

Income from operations and special items

a Income from operations rises slightly
= High premium once again earned on cost of capital

At €7,626 million, income from operations for the BASF Group
in 2014 was up from the previous year’s level (€7,160 million).

This includes earnings from companies accounted for
using the equity method.

Special items in 2014 resulted in an earnings contribution
of €269 million (2013: €83 million).

Of this, €712 million pertained to divestitures, especially
the sale of our 50% share in Styrolution Holding GmbH. Also
contributing to the total were the divestiture of oil and gas
fields on the British continental shelf to the MOL Group, as
well as the sale of our 50% share in Ellba Eastern Private Ltd.
and of the PolyAd Services business. In 2013, divestitures
had led to an earnings contribution of €591 million.

Compared with the previous year, special charges from
various restructuring measures declined by €189 million to
€68 million and expenses for the integration of acquired
businesses by €80 million to €6 million.

Miscellaneous special charges increased by €204 million
in 2014 to €369 million. These predominantly included asse
impairments in the Oil & Gas, Chemicals and Functional
Materials & Solutions segments. In 2013, other special
charges of €165 million had especially pertained to impair-
ment charges in the Chemicals and Oil & Gas segments.

We once again earned a high premium on our cost o
capital in 2014. EBIT after cost of capital amounted to
€1,368 million after €1,768 million in the previous year. Cos
of capital rose mainly as a result of the increased amount o
fixed assets and higher inventories.

ian For more on the calculation of EBIT after cost of capital, see page 28

Special items (in million €)

2014 2013
Integration costs (6) (86)
Restructuring measures (68) (257)
Divestitures 712 591
Other charges and income (369) (165)
Total special items in
income from operations (EBIT) 269 83
Special items reported in financial result 197 119
Total special items in
earnings before taxes 466 202

54 Management's Report

The BASF Group business year — Results of operations

Financial result and net income

a Financial result improves by 24% and net income
improves by 8%
mu Earnings per share increase by €0.39 to €5.61

The financial result improved in 2014 to minus €423 million,
compared with minus €560 million in the previous year.

Compared with 2013, net income from shareholdings
rose by €274 million to €278 million, mostly due to special
income from the disposal of our shares in VNG — Verbundnetz
Gas AG.

The interest result improved by €24 million to minus
€504 million. This was largely attributable to positive con-
tributions from interest rate and currency swaps for variable
interest rates on financial indebtedness.

Other financial result declined by €161 million to minus
€197 million. This was mainly due to effects from the market
valuation of options for the disposal of the share in Styrolution:
Miscellaneous financial expenses amounted to €42 million in
2014, compared with miscellaneous financial income of
€119 million in 2013.

At €7,203 million, income before taxes and minority inter-
ests was up by €603 million. Return on assets amounted to
11.7%, compared with 11.5% in the previous year.

Income taxes rose by €224 million to €1,711 million. The
ax rate grew from 22.5% to 23.8%, predominantly as a result
of earnings increases in countries with high tax rates, particu-
arly Norway. These were partly offset by higher, largely tax-
ree income compared with the previous year that was related
o the disposal of investments — mainly the 50% share in
Styrolution Holding GmbH.

Income before minority interests rose by €379 million to
€5,492 million. Minority interests increased from €321 million
© €337 million.

Net income amounted to €5,155 million, exceeding the
previous year’s level of €4,792 million. Earnings per share
rose from €5.22 to €5.61.

ian For information on the items in the statement of income, see the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements from page 183 onward

For information on the tax rate, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements from page 187 onward

BASF Report 2014

Adjusted earnings per share

a Adjusted earnings per share improve by €0.13
to €5.44

By eliminating special items and the amortization of intangible
assets, adjusted earnings per share serves as a more suitable
ratio for long-term comparability and predicting the compa-
ny’s future profitability. In 2014, adjusted earnings per share
amounted to €5.44 compared with €5.31 in the previous year.

Adjusted earnings per share (in million €)

2014 2013
Income before taxes and
minority interests 7,203 6,600
Special items (466) (202)
Amortization of intangible assets 647 641
Amortization of intangible assets
contained in special items (55) (4)
Adjusted income before taxes
and minority interests 7,329 7,035
Adjusted income taxes (1,973) (1,826)
Adjusted income before
minority interests 5,356 5,209
Adjusted minority interests (357) (328)
Adjusted net income 4,999 4,881
Weighted average number
of outstanding shares in thousands 918,479 918,479
Adjusted earnings per share € 5.44 5.31

Adjusted income before taxes and minority interests, adjusted
net income and adjusted earnings per share are key ratios
that are not defined under International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS). They should therefore be viewed as supple-
mentary information.

ian) For more information on the earnings per share according to IFRS,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 182
BASF Report 2014

Forecast/actual comparison’

Management’s Report 55

The BASF Group business year — Results of operations

Sales

2014 forecast

Income from operations (EBIT)
before special items

2014 actual 2014 forecast 2014 actual

Chemicals slight increase

at prior-year level slight decrease slight increase

Performance Products slight increase

slight decrease considerable increase slight increase

Functional Materials & Solutions slight increase

slight increase considerable increase considerable increase

Agricultural Solutions considerable increase

slight increase slight increase slight decrease

Oil & Gas considerable decrease slight increase slight increase slight decrease
Other considerable decrease | considerable decrease slight decrease slight increase
BASF Group slight decrease at prior-year level slight increase slight increase

‘ For sales, “slight” represents a change of 1-5%, while “considerable” applies for changes of 6% and higher. “At prior-year level” indicates no change (+/-0%).
For earnings, “slight” means a change of 1-10%, while “considerable” is used for changes of 11% and higher. “At prior-year level” indicates no change (+/-0%).

Actual development compared with outlook
for 2014

For 2014, we had predicted a slight decline in sales due to the
planned divestiture of our gas trading and storage business
as well as a considerable boost in EBIT and EBIT after cost of
capital as a result of the special income expected from the
divestiture. The swap did not take place. Sales therefore
matched the previous year’s level; the considerable increase
in EBIT after cost of capital could not be achieved. We were
able to slightly raise income from operations, due in part to
special income from the divestiture of the share in Styrolution
Holding GmbH, reported in Other. Income from operations
before special items rose slightly, as anticipated.

With sales at 2013 levels, we just missed the slight sales
increase foreseen for the Chemicals segment. Sales volumes
rose, as we had intended; yet declining prices and negative
currency effects counterbalanced this volumes growth.
Thanks to considerably higher contributions from the Petro-
chemicals and Intermediates divisions, the segment’s income
from operations before special items grew slightly, performing
better than expected. Startup costs for plants that began
operations were lower than we had assumed.

We were unable to achieve the slight rise in sales antici-
pated in the Performance Products segment; despite stronger
volumes, negative currency effects resulted in a slight decline.
Increasing by 7%, income from operations before special
items barely missed the considerable growth we had tar-
geted. Especially in the Care Chemicals division’s hygiene
business, earnings remained below expectations. This was
further weighed down by ongoing, competition-related pres-
sure on Vitamin E prices as well as the weaker development
of our paper chemicals business.

Our expectations for the Functional Materials & Solutions
segment matched actual development in 2014.

Sales in the Agricultural Solutions segment grew slightly,
which was somewhat less than we had predicted. Prices for
agricultural products dropped more sharply over the course
of the year than expected. Negative currency effects had
more of an impact than presumed, especially in the first half of
the year. In this challenging market environment, income from
operations before special items declined slightly, against our
expectations.

For the Oil & Gas segment, we had anticipated a consid-
erable sales decrease due to the asset swap with Gazprom.
Because the swap was not carried out, sales slightly exceeded
the previous year’s level. Especially because of unexpectedly
sharp declines in oil and gas prices, we did not meet our aim
of slightly increasing income from operations before special
items; earnings declined slightly.

We achieved our sales forecast for Other. Income from
operations before special items improved slightly in Other,
against our expectations, as provisions were reversed for the
LTI program.

In 2014, we invested a total of €5.1 billion in property,
plant and equipment', thereby surpassing the anticipated
amount of around €4.4 billion. The investment increase was
partly because of additions to property, plant and equipment
due to the dissolution of the gas trading business disposal
group as well as currency effects.

ian) For information on our expectations for 2015, see page 122 onward

' Excuding additions to property, plant and equipment resulting from acquisitions, capitalized exploration, restoration obligations and IT investments
56 Management's Report

The BASF Group business year — Net assets

BASF Report 2014

Net assets
Assets

December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013

million € % million € %
Intangible assets 12,967 18.2 12,324 19.2
Property, plant and equipment 23,496 32.9 19,229 29.9
Investments accounted for using the equity method 3,245 45 4,174 6.5
Other financial assets 540 0.8 643 1.0
Deferred taxes 2,193 3.1 1,006 1.6
Other receivables and miscellaneous assets 1,498 24 877 1.4
Noncurrent assets 43,939 61.6 38,253 59.6
Inventories 11,266 15.8 10,160 15.8
Accounts receivable, trade 10,385 14.6 10,233 15.9
Other receivables and miscellaneous assets 4,032 5.6 3,714 5.8
Marketable securities 19 . 17 :
Cash and cash equivalents 1,718 2.4 1,827 2.9
Current assets 27,420 38.4 25,951 40.4
Total assets 71,359 100.0 64,204 100.0

Assets

= Total assets exceed previous year’s level
by €7,155 million

= Noncurrent assets rise mainly as a result of
investments and acquisitions

Total assets amounted to €71,359 million, exceeding the level
of 2013 by €7,155 million. Both noncurrent and current assets
contributed to this development.

Noncurrent assets grew by €5,686 million to €43,939 mil-
lion. The €643 million increase in intangible assets was partic-
ularly attributable to an acquisition-related rise in goodwill.
Investments and currency effects also contributed to the
increase, while amortization partly counterbalanced it.

The value of property, plant and equipment grew by
€4,267 million to €23,496 million, especially as a result of
investments and acquisitions. At €6,369, additions consider-
ably exceeded depreciation of €2,770 million and were
primarily related to investments (€5,368 million). Significant
investments concerned the construction of a TDI plant in
Ludwigshafen, Germany, an MDI plant in Chongqing, China,
and an acrylic acid and superabsorbent production complex
in Camagari, Brazil. They also included field development
projects in Norway, Argentina and Russia. Currency effects
additionally increased the value of property, plant and equip-
ment. Disposals were largely attributable to the sale of selec-
ted oil and gas investments in the North Sea to the Hungarian
MOL Group and of the 50% share in Ellba Eastern Private Ltd.

The €929 million decline in investments accounted for using
the equity method to €3,245 million resulted predominantly
from the disposal of the 50% share in Styrolution Holding
GmbH.

The value of other financial assets declined by €103 mil-
lion to €540 million, mainly because of the disposal of our
15.79% share in VNG - Verbundnetz Gas AG and of the 15%
share in South Stream Transport B.V.

Deferred tax assets rose by €1,187 million primarily on
account of higher actuarial losses for defined pension plans.

Other noncurrent receivables and miscellaneous non-
current assets grew year-on-year by €621 million to
€1,498 million. This was mostly due to WIGA Transport
Beteiligungs-GmbH & Co.’s higher loan receivables from NEL
Gastransport GmbH and GASCADE Gastransport GmbH.

Current assets rose by €1,469 million to €27,420 million,
mostly as a result of higher inventories. This increase was due
in part to greater gas storage inventory in the Oil & Gas seg-
ment as a result of warm weather in Europe, preparations for
new plant startups, scheduled plant turnarounds and foreign
currency effects.

At €1,718 million, cash and cash equivalents were
€109 million below the level of December 31, 2013.

ian) For more on the composition and development of individual asset items
in the balance sheet, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements from page 189 onward
BASF Report 2014

Financial position

Equity and liabilities

Management’s Report 57

The BASF Group business year — Financial position

December 31, 2014

December 31, 2013

million € million € %
Paid-in capital 4,319 4,341 6.8
Retained earnings 28,777 26,102 40.6
Other comprehensive income (5,482) (3,400) (5.3)
Minority interests 581 . 630 1.0
Equity 28,195 27,673 43.1
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 7,313 3,727 5.8
Other provisions 3,502 3,226 5.0
Deferred taxes 3,420 2,894 4.5
Financial indebtedness 11,839 11,151 17.4
Other liabilities 1,197 1,194 1.9
Noncurrent liabilities 27,271 22,192 34.6
Accounts payable, trade 4,861 5,153 8.0
Provisions 2,844 2,670 4.2
Tax liabilities 1,079 . 968 1.5
Financial indebtedness 3,545 3,256 5.0
Other liabilities 3,564 2,292 3.6
Current liabilities 15,893 14,339 22.3
Total equity and liabilities 71,359 64,204 100.0

Equity and liabilities

= Solid equity ratio of 39.5%

a Liabilities rise mainly because of higher provisions
for pensions and similar obligations

a Net debt increases slightly

Equity grew by €522 million to €28,195 million compared with
the previous year. Retained earnings rose by €2,675 million to
€28,777 million. Other comprehensive income decreased by
€2,082 million to minus €5,482 million, largely influenced by
the remeasurement of defined benefit plans, at minus
€2,396 million. The equity ratio amounted to 39.5% (2013:
43.1%).

Compared with the end of 2013, noncurrent liabilities rose
by €5,079 million to €27,271 million. This was largely attribut-
able to the €3,586 million increase in provisions for pensions
and similar obligations, which was brought about by lower
discount rates.

Long-term financial indebtedness grew by €688 million to
€11,839 million. Of this, €610 million comprised higher liabili-
ties to credit institutions and €78 million were bonds. In 2014,
we issued bonds with a nominal value of €1.8 billion and
£250 million with maturities between three and ten years as
part of our debt issuance program. Two bonds due in 2015,
one for €2 billion and one for CHF 200 million, were reclassi-
fied to short-term financial indebtedness.

Deferred tax liabilities rose by €526 million, mostly due to the
acquisition of shares in Norwegian oil and gas fields.

Current liabilities grew by €1,554 million to €15,893 mil-
lion. This was mainly because of the €1,272 million increase in
other liabilities, which was primarily attributable to the rise in
negative fair values of derivatives in connection with hedging
transactions resulting from oil price and U.S. dollar develop-
ments relative to the euro. In addition, short-term financial
indebtedness increased by €289 million, short-term provi-
sions by €174 million, and tax liabilities by €111 million. Trade
accounts payable fell by €292 million.

Long-term financial indebtedness increased overall by
€977 million to €15,384 million. Net debt grew by €1,086 mil-
lion to €13,666 million.

jan For more on the composition and development of individual liability
items in the balance sheet, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements from page 198 onward

For more on the development of the balance sheet, see the Ten-Year
Summary on page 236

Net debt (in million €)

Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013
Cash and cash equivalents 1,718 1,827
Financial indebtedness 15,384 14,407
Net debt 13,666 12,580

58 Management's Report

The BASF Group business year — Financial position

Financing policy and credit ratings

a Financing principles remain unchanged
a “A” ratings confirmed

Our financing policy is aimed at ensuring our solvency at all
times, limiting the risks associated with financing and optimiz-
ing our cost of capital. We preferably meet our external
financing needs on international capital markets.

We strive to maintain at least a solid A rating, which allows
us unrestricted access to money and capital markets. Our
financing measures are aligned with our operative business
planning as well as the company’s strategic direction and also
ensure the financial flexibility to take advantage of strategic
options.

Maturities of financial indebtedness (in million €)

2015 3545 DE

2016 981

2017 1,526

2018 1,790 DE

2019 2,170 Ds

2020 and beyond 5,372 I i i

With “A+/A-1/outlook stable” from rating agency Standard &
Poor’s and “A1/P-1/outlook stable” from Moody’s, we have
good credit ratings, especially compared with competitors in
the chemical industry. Standard & Poor’s last confirmed our
long-term rating on December 11, 2014; Moody’s last
confirmed our long-term rating on October 31, 2014, and
pronounced the outlook stable. Both agencies maintained
BASF’s short-term ratings.

Corporate bonds form the basis of our medium to long-
term debt financing. These are issued in euros and other
currencies with different maturities as part of our €20 billion
debt issuance program. Our goal is to create a balanced
maturity profile, attain a diverse range of investors, and opti-
mize our debt capital financing conditions.

BASF Report 2014

For short-term financing, we use BASF SE’s commercial
paper program, which has an issuing volume of up to
$12.5 billion. On December 31, 2014, $150 million worth of
commercial paper was outstanding under this program.
Firmly committed, syndicated credit lines of €6 billion serve to
cover the repayment of outstanding commercial paper, and
can also be used for general company purposes.

These credit lines were not used at any point in 2014. Our
external financing is therefore largely independent of short-
term fluctuations in the credit markets.

Financing instruments (in million €)

1 Bank loans 2,836
2  Eurobonds 9,622
. 115,384 million
3 USD commercial paper 124
4 Other 2,802

2

Off-balance-sheet financing tools, such as leasing, are of
minor importance to us. BASF Group’s most important finan-
cial contracts contain no side agreements with regard to
specific financial ratios (financial covenants) or compliance
with a specific rating (rating trigger).

ian) For more on the financing tools used, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements from page 210 onward

If possible, we bundle the financing, financial investments and
foreign currency hedging of BASF SE’s subsidiaries within the
BASF Group in order to minimize risks and exploit internal
optimization potential. Foreign currency risks are primarily
hedged centrally by means of derivative financial instruments
in the market.

Our interest risk management generally pursues the goal
of reducing interest expenses for the Group and minimizing
interest risks. Interest rate hedging transactions are therefore
conducted with banks in order to turn selected liabilities to the
capital markets from fixed interest to variable rate or vice
versa.
BASF Report 2014

Statement of cash flows

u Cash provided by operating activities remains at
high level
u Cash used in investing activities improves

At €6,958 million, cash provided by operating activities in
2014 was €1,142 million below the level of the previous year.
This was largely attributable to an increase in the amount of
capital tied down in net working capital as a result of greater
inventories and other operating receivables. Miscellaneous
items primarily include the reclassification of the gain on the
disposal of our 50% share in Styrolution GmbH to cash used
in investing activities.

Cash used in investing activities amounted to minus
€4,496 million in 2014 compared with minus €5,994 million in
the previous year. This was mostly the result of the positive
balance of payments received from divestitures (€1,336 mil-
lion) and payments made for acquisitions (€963 million) in
2014. In the previous year, payments made for acquisitions
(€1,156 million) had considerably exceeded payments
received from divestitures (€63 million). Payments for prop-
erty, plant and equipment and intangible assets were at
€5,296 million, surpassing both the level of depreciation and
amortization (€3,455 million) and the level of 2013 (€4,873 mil-
lion). The disposal of financial assets and other receivables
from financing activities as well as other items led to €427 mil-
lion in payments received compared with the previous year’s
€28 million in payments made.

an) For more on investments and acquisitions, see page 38 onward

Statement of cash flows (in million €)

Management’s Report 59

The BASF Group business year — Financial position

Cash used in financing activities amounted to minus
€2,478 million in 2014, increasing cash outflow by €604 mil-
lion compared with the previous year. In both years, more
financial and similar obligations were assumed than were
paid back, but in 2014, a greater amount was paid back than
in 2013. Dividends of €2,480 million were paid to sharehold-
ers of BASF SE and €286 million to minority shareholders in
Group companies in 2014.

In total, cash and cash equivalents fell by €109 million
compared with the previous year, amounting to €1,718 million
as of December 31, 2014.

The year-on-year decline in free cash flow of €1,565 mil-
lion to €1,662 million was the result of lower cash provided by
operating activities and of higher payments related to prop-
erty, plant and equipment and intangible assets.

Cash flow’ (in billion €)

HK RBeekUaAIES

0 i |

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

@@l_ Cash provided by operating activities

{i Payments related to property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets?

—— Free cash flow?

' The figures for the 2010 and 2011 business years were not restated according to the
new accounting and reporting standards IFRS 10 and 11.

Including investments to the extent that they already had an effect on cash

Cash provided by operating activities less payments related to property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets

2014 2013
Net income 5,155 4,792
Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, and financial assets 3,455 3,314
Changes in net working capital (699) 714
Miscellaneous items (953) (720)
Cash provided by operating activities 6,958 8,100
Payments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (6,296) (4,873)
Acquisitions/divestitures 373 (1,093)
Financial investments and other items 427 (28)
Cash used in investing activities (4,496) (5,994)
Capital increases/repayments, share repurchases - -
Changes in financial liabilities 288 828
Dividends (2,766) (2,702)
Cash used in financing activities (2,478) (1,874)
Net changes in cash and cash equivalents (16) 232
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year and other changes 1,734 1,595
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 1,718 1,827

60 Management’s Report BASF Report 2014
The BASF Group business year — Business review by segment

Business review by segment

Segment overview (in million €)

Income from operations before

depreciation and amortization Income from operations (EBIT)
Sales (EBITDA) before special items

2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013

Chemicals 16,968 16,994 3,212 2,956 2,367 2,182
Performance Products 15,433 15,534 2,232 1,987 1,455 1,365
Functional Materials & Solutions 17,725 17,252 1,678 1,498 1,197 1,070
Agricultural Solutions 5,446 5,227 1,297 1,375 1,109 1,222
Oil & Gas 15,145 14,776 2,626 3,149 1,795 1,856
Other’ 3,609 4,190 (2) (533) (566) (618)
74,326 73,973 11,043 10,432 7,357 7,077

Segment overview (in million €)

Income from operations

(EBIT) Assets Investments?
2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
Chemicals 2,396 2,086 12,498 10,908 2,085 1,958
Performance Products 1,417 1,100 14,502 13,614 849 1,497
Functional Materials & Solutions 1,150 1,027 12,987 11,899 650 611
Agricultural Solutions 1,108 1,208 7,857 6,777 391 324
Oil & Gas 1,688 2,403 13,686 11,855 3,162 3,167
Other’ (133) (664) 9,829 9,151 148 169
7,626 7,160 71,359 64,204 7,285 7,726

‘Information on the composition of Other can be found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements from page 179 onward.

2 Additions to property, plant and equipment (thereof from acquisitions: €1,001 million in 2014 and €1,511 million in 2013) and intangible assets
(thereof from acquisitions: €732 million in 2014 and €1,158 million in 2013)

Contributions to total sales by segment Contributions to EBITDA by segment

Chemicals 23% Ds Chemicals 20° Ds
Performance Products 21% Ds Performance Products 20%
Functional Materials & Solutions 24% DIT Functional Materials & Solutions 15% Da

Agricultural Solutions 7% Agricultural Solutions 12%

Oil & Gas 20% Ds Oil & Gas 24% Ds
Other 5% Other 0%

BASF Report 2014

Sales! (in million €)

Management’s Report 64

The BASF Group business year — Business review by segment

1st quarter 2nd quarter 3rd quarter 4th quarter
2013 2014 2013 2013 2014 2013
Chemicals 4,396 4,298 4,183 4,224 4,071 4,191
Performance Products 3,880 3,924 4,032 3,939 3,718 3,683
Functional Materials & Solutions 4,181 4,518 4,503 4,439 4,444 4,129
Agricultural Solutions 1,556 1,666 1,727 1,054 1,109 890
Oil & Gas 4,660 3,194 2,836 3,130 4,005 4,150
Other? 1,065 855 1,072 947 700 1,106
19,738 18,455 18,353 17,733 18,047 18,149
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items' (in million €)
1st quarter 2nd quarter 3rd quarter 4th quarter
2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
Chemicals 601 650 570 495 616 527 580 510
Performance Products 427 379 435 394 376 376 217 216
Functional Materials & Solutions 311 239 356 293 310 300 220 238
Agricultural Solutions 510 498 433 485 43 172 123 67
Oil & Gas 466 602 546 353 436 399 347 502
Other? (203) (182) (328) (217) (7) (105) (28) (114)
2,112 2,186 2,012 1,803 1,774 1,669 1,459 1,419
Income from operations (EBIT)' (in million €)
1st quarter 2nd quarter 3rd quarter 4th quarter
2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
Chemicals 600 650 536 494 615 442 645 500
Performance Products A414 367 454 344 366 322 183 67
Functional Materials & Solutions 311 240 351 283 311 292 177 212
Agricultural Solutions 510 492 433 485 43 168 122 63
Oil & Gas 597 602 499 352 434 564 158 885
Other? (211) (210) (340) (214) (27) (129) 445 (111)
2,221 2,141 1,933 1,744 1,742 1,659 1,730 1,616

"Quarterly results not audited

2 Information on the composition of Other can be found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements from page 179 onward.

EBIT before special items by segment

EBIT before special items BASF Group by quarter’

(in million €) (in million €)
Chemicals 2,367 _— 1st quarter 2014 2,112 DEA AA AA A AA
Performance Products 4,455 Ls 2013 2156
Functional Materials & Solutions 1,197 | 2nd quarter an oe

201 1,803 (ee
Agricultural Solutions 1,109 hs

. 3rd quarter 2014 1,774 DAA
_

Oil & Gas 1,795 2013 1,669
Other (666) am 4th quarter 2014 1,459

2013 1,419 i

"Quarterly results not audited
62 Management’s Report
The BASF Group business year — Chemicals

Chemicals

BASF Report 2014

The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates
divisions. In our integrated production facilities — our Veround — we produce a broad
range of basic chemicals and intermediates in Europe, Asia and North America for our

internal and external customers.

Divisions

Petrochemicals

Broad range of basic products
and specialties for sectors such
as the chemical and plastics
industries

Intermediates
! 2,799 million
Percentage of sales :

—1% 17%

Change :

Monomers

Monomers

Isocyanates and polyamides
as well as inorganic basic
products and specialties for
various branches, such as
the plastics, automotive,
construction and electronics
industries

2014:

! 16,968 million
Change :
0%

2013:

! 16,994 million

Intermediates

Most comprehensive
intermediates portfolio in the
world, including precursors for
coatings, plastics, textile fibers
and crop protection products

Petrochemicals
! 7,832 million

Change : Percentage of sales:

1% 46%

! 6,337 million
Percentage of sales :

37%

Factors influencing sales

Income from operations before special items
(in million €)

=]

Volumes

2014 2367 DT

Prices

2013 2182 As

Portfolio

Currencies

Sales

Change:

plus €185 million

BASF Report 2014

How we create value - an example

Sodium nitrate

Management’s Report 63
The BASF Group business year — Chemicals

Conducting and storing heat for solar thermal power plants

Value for BASF

Expected annual sales
growth for this application
through 2025

1%

Generating electricity with renewables involves sharp fluctua-
tions depending on weather and time of day. Energy storage
systems are therefore required to ensure a steady, reliable
supply of electricity. Molten salt based on sodium nitrate can
be employed as a medium to both transfer and store heat.
This makes it especially suited to the growing use of solar
thermal energy to generate electricity. We aim to increase
sales of sodium nitrate for this application by an average of 7%
each year through 2025.

Strategy

a Integrated production facilities form backbone of
Verbund concept

a Technology and cost leadership are most important
competitive advantages

With our production facilities, we form the core of the Verbund
structure and supply the BASF segments with basic chemi-
cals for the production of downstream products. We add
value with innovations in processes and production, and
invest in future markets to ensure the growth of the entire
BASF Verbund. As a reliable supplier, we market our products
to customers in downstream industries, primarily in the
chemical, electronics, construction, textile, lumber, auto-
motive, pharmaceutical and crop protection industries. We
continually improve our value chains and are expanding our
market position — particularly outside Europe — with new
methods and technologies, as well as through capital expen-
ditures and collaborations in future markets.

Value for our customers

Greater power plant
efficiency through storage
of thermal energy

we 1O%

In solar thermal power plants, molten salt based on sodium
nitrate serves to store the heat provided by the sun’s rays
and release it again to be converted into electricity later.
This can increase a plant’s capacity utilization — and thus its
efficiency — by up to 10%.

We invest in research and development in order to develop
new technologies and to make our existing technologies even
more efficient. Cost leadership and a clear orientation along
individual value chains are among our most important com-
petitive advantages. We concentrate on the critical success
factors of the classical chemicals business: making use of
economies of scale, the advantages of our Verbund, high
capacity utilization, continuous optimization of access to raw
materials, lean processes, and reliable, cost-effective logis-
tics. Furthermore, we are constantly improving our global
production structures and aligning these with regional market
requirements.
64 Management’s Report
The BASF Group business year — Chemicals

Products, customers and applications

BASF Report 2014

Division Products

Customer industries and applications

Petrochemicals Basic products: ethylene, propylene, butadiene, benzene,
alcohols, solvents, plasticizers, alkylene oxides, glycols and
acrylic monomers

Specialties: Special plasticizers such as Hexamoll® DINCH®,
special acrylates

Use within BASF Verbund

Chemical and plastics industries; detergent, automotive,
packaging and textile industries; production of paints,
coatings and cosmetics as well as oilfield, construction and
paper chemicals

Monomers Basic products: isocyanates (MDI, TDI), ammonia,
caprolactam, adipic acid, chlorine, urea, glues and
impregnating resins, caustic soda, polyamides 6 and 6,6,
standard alcoholates, sulfuric and nitric acid

Specialties: electronic chemicals, metal systems

Use within BASF Verbund

Industries such as plastics, electronics, lumber, furniture,
textiles, packaging, construction, automotive, and others

Intermediates Basic products: butanediol and derivatives, alkylamines and
alkanolamines, neopentyl glycol, formic and propionic acid

Specialties: specialty amines such as tert-Butylamine,
gas scrubbing chemicals, vinyl monomers, acid chlorides,
chloroformates, chiral intermediates

Use within BASF Verbund

Plastics, coatings and pharmaceutical industries,
production of detergents and cleaners as well as crop
protection products and textile fibers

Production capacities of significant products'

Sites

South America, Annual capacity
Product Europe North America Asia Pacific Africa, Middle East (metric tons)
Acrylic acid | | |_| 1,350,000
Alkylamines | | |_| 250,000
Formic acid | |_| 255,000
Ammonia | 1,525,000
Benzene | | |_| 910,000
Butadiene | | |_| 680,000
Butanediol equivalents | | |_| 540,000
Chlorine | 385,000
Ethanolamines and derivatives | |_| 430,000
Ethylene | | |_| 3,480,000
Ethylene oxide | | |_| »395,000
Urea | 545,000
lsocyanates | | |_| :900,000
Caustic soda | 360,000
Neopentyl glycol a a |_| 165,000
Oxo-C4 alcohols (calculated as butyraldehyde) a a |_| ,495,000
Polyamide 6 and 6,6 | | 720,000
Polyamide precursors | | ,070,000
PolyTHF® a a |_| 290,000
Propionic acid | |_| 150,000
Propylene | | |_| 2,610,000
Propylene oxide a |_| 925,000
Sulfuric acid | 920,000
Plasticizers | | |_| 760,000

‘ All capacities are included at 100%, including plants belonging to joint operations and joint ventures.
BASF Report 2014 Management’s Report 65
The BASF Group business year — Chemicals

Capital expenditures

Additional annual capacity Total annual

through expansion capacity
Location Project (metric tons) (metric tons) Startup
Antwerp, Belgium Construction: butadiene extraction 155,000 2014
Camagari, Brazil Construction: acrylic acid complex 160,000 2015
Caojing, China Expansion: MDI plant! 240,000 480,000 2017
Chongqing, China Construction: MDI plant 400,000 2015
Geismar, Louisiana Construction: formic acid plant 50,000 2015
Ludwigshafen, Germany Construction: TDI plant 300,000 2015
Replacement: nitric acid plants n/a 2015
Expansion: Hexamoll® DINCH® plant 100,000 200,000 2014
Expansion: specialty amines plant n/a 2015
Maoming, China Construction: isononanol plant? n/a 2015
Nanjing, China Construction: additional acrylic acid complex? 160,000 320,000 2014
Construction: neopentyl glycol plant? 40,000 2015
Construction: specialty amines plant n/a 2015
Shanghai, China Construction: Ultramid® plant 100,000 2015

‘ Operated through joint venture with Huntsman, Shanghai Hua Yi, Shanghai Chlor-Alkali Chemical Co. Ltd. and Sinopec
2 Operated through joint venture with Sinopec
66 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Chemicals

Segment data (in million €)

BASF Report 2014

2013 Change in %

Sales to third parties 16,994 (0)
Thereof Petrochemicals 7,785 1
Monomers 6,385 (1)
Intermediates 2,824 (1)
Intersegmental transfers. 6,388 (4)
Sales including intersegmental transfers 23,382 (1)
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) 2,956 9
EBITDA margin % 17.4 -
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items 2,182 8
Income from operations (EBIT) 2,086 15
Income from operations (EBIT) after cost of capital 917 19
Assets 10,908 15
Research expenses 178 4
Additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 1,958 6

Chemicals

At €16,968 million, sales to third parties in the Chemicals
segment in 2014 matched the level of the previous year.
Higher sales volumes offset lower prices (volumes 3%, prices
-3%, currencies 0%). Income from operations before special
items grew by €185 million to €2,367 million. This was due to
considerable earnings increases in the Petrochemicals and
Intermediates divisions, which more than compensated for
the Monomers division’s margin-related decline. Income from
operations rose by €310 million to €2,396 million. Specia
income arose from the divestiture of our shares in the Ellba
Eastern Private Ltd. joint operation in Singapore. Special
charges included the impairment of a plant.

Sales are likely to decrease slightly in 2015. Substantially
lower oil and raw material prices will lead to price declines
in some business areas. Anticipated volumes growth in all
divisions — partly from the startup of new plants — will not be
able to fully compensate for this. We foresee higher volumes
in the Monomers division, especially of isocyanates and
polyamide-6 extrusion polymers. In the Intermediates division,
we particularly expect sales volumes to rise in the amines and
polyalcohols businesses. Overall, income from operations
before special items is likely to decline slightly due to expenses
for starting operations at several plants.

Petrochemicals

us Higher volumes lead to sales increase of €47 million
to €7,832 million compared with 2013 levels

m= Earnings up considerably thanks to significant
improvement in margins for steam cracker products

In the Petrochemicals division, sales to third parties in 2014
rose by €47 million to €7,832 million. We were able to raise
volumes primarily through the startup and expansion of
production plants, in addition to our robust business with
steam cracker products. Sales growth was curbed by falling
prices (volumes 4%, prices -3%, currencies 0%).

Sales in Europe were below the previous year’s level,
largely due to a plant outage at the Ellba C.V. joint operation’s
site in Moerdijk, Netherlands, at the beginning of June 2014.
Prices also declined overall. Volumes grew considerably in
North America. This development was mostly driven by higher
demand for steam cracker products, the startup of the tenth
furnace of the steam cracker in Port Arthur, Texas, and the
higher capacity utilization of the condensation splitter. Sales in
Asia saw a considerable, mainly volumes-related decline.

We significantly increased our margins for steam cracker
products. In other business, we observed sustained high
pressure on prices and margins in all regions, especially for
acrylates and in the plasticizer and solvent business. This was
partly attributable to additional capacities leading to better
product availability, primarily in Asia. As a result of significantly
improved margins for steam cracker products, income from
operations before special items considerably exceeded the
level of 2013.
BASF Report 2014

In Nanjing, China, we started up an acrylic acid complex with
an annual capacity of 160,000 metric tons; another acrylic
acid complex will start up in Camagari, Brazil, in early 2015.
With the tenth steam cracker furnace in Port Arthur, Texas, we
have been able to enhance our raw material flexibility there
and better take advantage of the low gas prices in the United
States. A butadiene extraction plant went online in Antwerp,
Belgium, in 2014.

Petrochemicals — Sales by region
(Location of customer)

oe

1 Europe 48%

2 North America 41%

3. Asia Pacific 9% 17,832 million
South America, Africa, 2

4 Middle East 2%

Monomers

a Sales decline by €48 million to €6,337 million
due to lower prices

a Earnings down considerably as a result of
competitive pressure and weaker margins in Asia

Sales to third parties in the Monomers division fell by €48 mil-
lion to €6,337 million compared with 2013 (volumes 2%,
prices -3%, currencies 0%). Reduced sales prices in Asia led
to sales declines for polyamides and isocyanates. In both
value chains, higher volumes were partly able to compensate
for the negative price developments.

We raised sales volumes of MDI, especially in Europe and
Asia. In the polyamides business, we observed sharp volumes
growth for polyamide-6 extrusion polymers, particularly in
Asia.

Additional MDI, TDI and caprolactam capacities led to
intensified competitive pressure and lower margins in Asia.
Income from operations before special items therefore
declined considerably. Fixed costs remained at the prior-year
level despite higher spending on research and costs for both
the new TDI complex in Ludwigshafen and the MDI plant in
Chongqing, China.

Monomers - Sales by region

(Location of customer) 4

1 Europe 41%
2. North America 22% 3 1
3 Asia Pacific 30% !6,337 million

South America, Africa,

4 Middle East 7%

——

2

1

Management’s Report 67

The BASF Group business year — Chemicals

Intermediates

a At €2,799 million, sales €25 million below
prior-year level

mu Earnings rise considerably through higher
sales volumes and reduced fixed costs

In the Intermediates division, sales to third parties in 2014
declined by €25 million to €2,799 million. Lower prices and
negative currency effects, especially during the first half of
the year, were almost fully offset by higher sales volumes
(volumes 3%, prices -3%, currencies —1%).

Amines and polyalcohols were main drivers for this
volumes growth, particularly in Asia and North America. In our
business with butanediol and its derivatives, we achieved
higher sales volumes in Europe and North America, whereas
volumes declined in Asia.

More intense competition compared with 2013, especially
in Asia, led to price and margin pressure on butanediol and
formic acid. We were able to compensate for this with a favor-
able product mix including a higher proportion of specialties.
As a result of the increased sales volumes and lower fixed
costs, income from operations before special items consider-
ably surpassed the level of the previous year. Special items
mainly pertained to the impairment of a production plant in
Ludwigshafen. In addition, we closed one small production
plant at each of two Louisiana sites in Geismar and Zachary in
2014.

At the Verbund site in Geismar, Louisiana, we are expan-
ding our S-methylisopropylamine capacity in order to accom-
modate the Crop Protection division’s growing demand for
this chiral amine. We are also enlarging our butanediol plant
there. In Ludwigshafen, Germany, and Nanjing, China, we are
expanding our production capacities for specialty amines. We
plan to construct an ethylhexanoic acid plant in Kuantan,
Malaysia, with our joint venture partner PETRONAS. These
projects are enabling us to intensify the backward and
forward integration within our Verbund.

Intermediates - Sales by region
(Location of customer)

\ |
1 Europe 44%
3
2 North America 18% 1
3 Asia Pacific 35% !2,799 million

South America, Africa,

4 Middle East 3%

os!
68 Management’s Report BASF Report 2014
The BASF Group business year — Performance Products

Performance Products

The Performance Products segment consisted of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemi-
cals, Nutrition & Health, Paper Chemicals! and Performance Chemicals divisions until the
end of 2014. Our solutions enhance the performance of industrial and consumer products
worldwide. With our customized products, our customers can make their production pro-
cesses more efficient and give their products improved application properties.

Divisions

Dispersions & Care Chemicals Nutrition & Health Paper Chemicals Performance
Pigments Ingredients for Products for the Products for the Chemicals

Raw materials for hygiene, personal food and feed paper industry and Customized products
the formulation of care, home care and _ industries, the flavor paper packaging for many sectors, from
varnishes, coatings, industrial and and fragrance mining and the fuel
printing and institutional cleaning industry and the industry to plastics
packaging inks, businesses as well pharmaceutical processing

adhesives and as for applications industry

construction in the chemical

materials industry

Sales

Performance Chemicals Dispersions & Pigments
13,329 million !3,869 million
Change : Percentage of sales: Change : Percentage of sales:

1% 22% 0% 25 %

2014:
! 15,433 million
Paper Chemicals Change :
! 1,371 million —1%
Change : Percentage of sales: 2013:

—H 9% 115,534 million

Nutrition & Health Care Chemicals
!2,029 million !4,835 million

Change : Percentage of sales : Change : Percentage of sales:

—% 13% —% 31%

Factors influencing sales Income from operations before special items
(in million €)

Volumes 2014 1455 DT

2013 13765 D---

Prices
Portfolio Change:

—
Currencies SSS plus €90 million
a

Sales

' The Paper Chemicals division was dissolved as of January 1, 2015. The business will continue as part of the Performance Chemicals and Dispersions & Pigments divisions, and be
integrated into existing value chains.
BASF Report 2014

How we create value - an example

Rheomax® ETD technology

Management’s Report 69

The BASF Group business year — Performance Products

Additives for improved overburden management in the mining industry

Value for BASF

Expected annual sales
growth through 2020

>10%

Because water plays a significant role in most mining pro-
cesses, it is crucial that it be treated responsibly in this industry
- which is where our Rheomax® technology comes in.
Rheomax® ETD is used in mining to separate solids from water
when treating overburden. We aim to increase our sales of
Rheomax® ETD by more than 10% every year through 2020.

Strategy

= Tailor-made products improve our customers’
applications and processes

a Global presence ensures reliable supply to
customers in all regions

a Paper chemicals business reorganized

We take on the challenges arising from important future
issues, especially population growth: scarce resources, envi-
ronmental and climatic stressors, greater demand for food
and the desire for better quality of life. In doing so, we focus
on research and development and maintain close relation-
ships to leading companies in our key customer industries.
We position ourselves globally in order to reliably supply
customers in all regions. We invest in the development of
innovations that enable our products and processes — as well
as our customers’ applications and processes - to make a
contribution to sustainability: for example, by allowing
resources to be used more efficiently.

Industry-specific specialties make up a major part of our
product range. These products create additional value for our
customers, which allows them to stand out from the compe-
tition. We develop new solutions together with our customers
and strive for long-term partnerships which create profitable
growth opportunities for both sides.

Value for our customers and the environment

Process water recovered

>80%

Thanks to Rheomax® ETD, we can recover more than 80% of
process water, compared with the industry standard of 75%.
The mining industry can therefore reduce the land footprint
needed to store overburden and — because of the faster rate
of soil drainage — can begin sooner with renaturation.

We employ a different business model for standard products,
such as vitamins or dispersions for paper coatings. Here,
efficient production setups, backward integration in our
Production Verbund’s value chains, capacity management,
and technology and cost leadership are all essential.

We support our customers by being a reliable supplier
with consistent product quality, a good price/performance
ratio and lean processes.

We reorganized our paper chemicals business as of
January 1, 2015, in order to strengthen our competitiveness.
This involved dissolving the Paper Chemicals division and
continuing the business in the Performance Chemicals and
Dispersions & Pigments divisions. In doing so, we can utilize
synergies along our existing value chains and at the same
time remain a reliable, high-performance partner for the paper
industry. ©
70 Management's Report

The BASF Group business year — Performance Products

Products, customers and applications

BASF Report 2014

Division

Products

Customer industries and applications

Dispersions & Pigments

Polymer dispersions, pigments, resins, high-performance
additives, formulation additives

Printing and packaging industry, adhesives industry, plastics
processing industry, products for construction chemicals,
raw materials for paints and coatings, specialties for the
electronics and other industries

Care Chemicals

Ingredients for skin and hair cleansing and care products,
such as emollients, cosmetic active ingredients, polymers
and UV filters

Ingredients for detergents and cleaners in household,
institution or industry, such as surfactants, chelating agents,

polymers and products for optical effects

Solvents for crop protection product formulations and
products for metal surface treatments

Superabsorbents for the hygiene sector

Cosmetics and hygiene industries, detergents and cleaners
industry, agricultural industry and technical applications

Nutrition & Health

Additives for the food and feed industries, such as vitamins,

Food and feed industries, flavor and fragrance industry and

carotenoids, sterols, enzymes, emulsifiers and omega-3 fatty pharmaceutical industry

acids

Flavors and fragrances, such as geraniol, citronellol,
L-menthol and linalool

Active ingredients and excipients for the pharmaceutical
industry such as caffeine, ibuprofen and pseudoephedrine,
binders and coatings for tablets and synthesis of
pharmaceutical active ingredients and intermediates for
our customers

Paper Chemicals

Dispersions for paper coating, functional chemicals, process
chemicals, kaolin minerals

Paper industry, paper packaging

Performance Chemicals

Antioxidants, light stabilizers, pigments and flame retardants
or plastic applications

Fuel and refinery additives, polyisobutene, brake fluids and
engine coolants, lubricant additives and basestocks, com-
ponents for metalworking fluids and compounded lubricants

Process chemicals for the extraction of oil, gas, metals and
minerals, chemicals for enhanced oil recovery, water treat-
ment chemicals, membrane technologies

Auxiliaries for the production and treatment of leather and
textiles

Plastics processing industry, fuel and lubricant industry, oil
and gas industry, mining industry, municipal and industrial
water treatment, leather and textile industry

Production capacities of significant products'

Sites

South America, Annual capacity

Product Europe North America Asia Pacific Africa, Middle East (metric tons)
Anionic surfactants | | |_| | 600,000
Citral | 40,000
Chelating agents a a a 120,000
Methane sulfonic acid | 30,000
Nonionic surfactants | | |_| 630,000
Organic pigments a a |_| a n/a
Polyisobutene | |_| 215,000
Superabsorbents | | |_| 530,000

' All capacities are included at 100%, including plants belonging to joint operations and joint ventures.
BASF Report 2014

Capital expenditures

Management’s Report 74

The BASF Group business year — Performance Products

Additional annual
capacity through ‘Total annual

expansion capacity
Location Project (metric tons) (metric tons) Startup
Antwerp, Belgium Reconstruction: new superabsorbent technology platform n/a n/a 2016
Camagari, Brazil Construction: superabsorbents 60,000 2015
Caojing, China Construction: resins n/a 2014
Cork, Ireland Expansion: LIX® products n/a n/a 2015
Dahej, India Construction: dispersions n/a 2014
Construction: surfactants n/a 2014
Freeport, Texas Construction: dispersions n/a 2014
Kuantan, Malaysia Construction: aroma chemicals complex’ n/a 2016
Ludwigshafen, Germany Expansion: polyvinylamine n/a n/a 2014
Expansion: vinyl formamide n/a n/a 2017
Expansion: lubricants n/a n/a 2016
Nanjing, China Construction: superabsorbents? 60,000 2014
Construction: additives n/a 2014
Theodore, Alabama Construction: chelating agents n/a 2015

‘ Operated through joint venture with PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad

2 Operated through joint venture with Sinopec
72 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Performance Products

Segment data (in million €)

BASF Report 2014

2014 2013 Change in %

Sales to third parties 15,433 15,534 (1)
Thereof Dispersions & Pigments" 3,869 3,851 10)
Care Chemicals 4,835 4,871 (1)

Nutrition & Health 2,029 2,088 (3)

Paper Chemicals 1,371 1,442 (5)

Performance Chemicals’ 3,329 3,282 1
ntersegmental transfers 489 489 -
Sales including intersegmental transfers 15,922 16,023 (1)
ncome from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) 2,232 1,987 12
EBITDA margin % 14.5 12.8 -
ncome from operations (EBIT) before special items 1,455 1,365 7
ncome from operations (EBIT) 1,417 1,100 29
ncome from operations (EBIT) after cost of capital (143) (447) 68
Assets 14,502 13,614 7
Research expenses 369 377 (2)
Additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 849 1,497 (43)

' Previously conducted in the Performance Chemicals division, our business with pigments in the plastic additives business area was allocated to the Dispersions & Pigments division at
the beginning of 2014. The 2013 figures for both divisions have been adjusted accordingly to ensure better comparability.

Performance Products

At €15,433 million, sales to third parties in the Performance
Products segment in 2014 were €101 million below the
prior-year level. We were able to raise sales volumes despite
an increasingly gloomy market environment over the course
of the year. With prices stable, sales were negatively impacted
by currency effects (volumes 1%, prices 0%, currencies -2%).
Restructuring measures helped reduce our fixed costs com-
pared with 2013. As a result, we were able to raise income
from operations before special items by €90 million to
€1,455 million. Nearly every division contributed to this slight
increase. Income from operations grew considerably, up by
€317 million to €1,417 million compared with the previous
year. This was largely on account of lower special charges,
which were primarily related to restructuring measures, as
well as special income from the sale of our PolyAd Services
business in 2014.

We want to considerably increase sales in 2015, mainly
through organic growth. In the Dispersions & Pigments and
Care Chemicals divisions, this endeavor will be supported by
factors like new production capacities. We anticipate a con-
siderable volumes increase in the Nutrition & Health division,
including for products for animal feed and for flavors and fra-
grances. Sales prices are likely to remain under pressure,
however. In the Performance Chemicals division, we plan on
increasing sales volumes. We are particularly striving to gain
additional market share in the fuel and lubricant additives
business area. We will also continue expanding our water
treatment, oilfield and mining solutions business in attractive

growth markets, such as enhanced oil recovery and mem-
brane filtration. The textile chemicals business will be sold to
Archroma during the first half of 2015. Income from opera-
tions before special items is expected to considerably exceed
the level of 2014, supported in all divisions by strict cost
discipline and measures to increase competitiveness.

Dispersions & Pigments

a At €3,869 million, sales match level of 2013
a Slight earnings improvement, mainly through
higher volumes and reduced fixed costs

At €3,869 million, sales to third parties in the Dispersions &
Pigments division matched the level of the previous year
despite negative currency effects. We were able to slightly
increase our sales volumes, although the market cooled off in
the second half of the year (volumes 3%, prices -1%, curren-
cies -2%).

Sales in the dispersions business were at the prior-year
level. Sales volumes rose particularly in Asia and South Amer-
ica, and also through the startup of new plants in the fourth
quarter of 2014. In the pigments business, volumes remained
stable despite adjustments to the product portfolio. We were
able to increase our sales of resins in an intensely competitive
environment. Growth impetus was provided by Europe and
Asia. We achieved a slight increase in sales volumes in the
additives business. The higher volumes helped offset intense
pressure on prices and negative currency effects.
BASF Report 2014

Management’s Report 73

The BASF Group business year — Performance Products

We were able to slightly improve income from operations In 2014, we began production at a surfactants plant at the
before special items compared with 2013. This was largely _ site in Dahej, India. Furthermore, we invested in new capa-
owing to higher volumes and reduced fixed costs, especially cities for superabsorbents in Camagari, Brazil, as well as in
as a result of restructuring measures in the pigments busi- — our joint venture BASF-YPC Co. Ltd. in Nanjing, China.

ness. Special charges were substantially below the level of

the previous year, and were mostly related to restructuring | Care Chemicals - Sales by region
measures. (Location of customer)

In 2014, we expanded our capacities in, for example, the
Europe

51%

dispersions business area by constructing new plants in
P y 9 P North America

23%

Dahej, India, and Freeport, Texas, which will contribute to our - —
Asia Pacific

15%

future growth in th regions.
uture gro ese regions South America, Africa,

4 Middle East

11%

Dispersions & Pigments - Sales by region

(Location of customer) 4

4

Cw

{
!4,835 million 1
XK

1 & 42% a

‘urope % age
> Nonth America 76% 3 Nutrition & Health
3 Asia Pacific 25% 13,869 million -

- - mu Sales decrease by €59 million to €2,029 million
South America, Africa, .
4 Middle East % & due to lower volumes and negative currency effects
> a Earnings improve slightly partly as a result of
portfolio measures
Care Chemicals Compared with the 2013 level, sales in the Nutrition & Health
division were down by €59 million in a challenging market

= Currency effects lead to €36 million decline in sales environment, amounting to €2,029 million (volumes —2%,

to €4,835 million compared with previous year prices 0%, portfolio 1%, currencies -2%).
a Earnings increase slightly through improved margins With demand largely stable, sales volumes matched

and higher capacity utilization prior-year levels in the human and animal nutrition business

as well as in the flavor and fragrance business. Volumes
Sales to third parties declined by €36 million to €4,835 million __ fell in the pharmaceutical business area. This was largely due
in 2014 in the Care Chemicals division. Currency effects, pri- to competitors entering the market for highly concentrated
marily from the Argentinian peso, Brazilian real and Turkish | omega-3 fatty acids. The successful development of the rest
lira, had a negative impact on sales. Volumes matched the — of the pharmaceuticals business partly counteracted this
level of the previous year. Higher raw material costs resulted decline in sales volumes. We were able to offset competi-
in our raising prices, especially for lauric oil-based standard _ tion-related declines in vitamin E prices by raising prices in the

products (volumes 0%, prices 1%, currencies -2%). other business areas.

Sales volumes dropped considerably in the hygiene Despite lower sales volumes and negative currency
business area. In the previous year, we had benefited from _ effects, we slightly increased income from operations before
temporarily low capacities on the market. In other business- special items. Portfolio measures as part of a divisional

particularly ingredients for personal care products —- we _ reorganization were major factors supporting this develop-
increased sales volumes overall, especially in Europe and = ment. This enabled us to improve our margins and keep our
Asia, despite a market environment that remained difficult. fixed costs at prior-year levels despite negative currency

Despite negative currency effects and the sales volumes effects and investment preparations. Special charges arose
decline in the hygiene business, we were able to raise income — predominantly in connection with measures to increase our

from operations before special items slightly, thanks in part to | competitiveness.

improved margins. Our capacity utilization, which once We began the construction of an integrated production

again topped the prior-year level, also had a positive effect. | complex for flavors and fragrances in Kuantan, Malaysia, in

Restructuring measures allowed us to keep fixed costs April 2014 - a joint project with our partner PETRONAS. With

steady. this investment, we are building up both our production net-
work and our competitive strength in the region.
74 + Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Performance Products

Nutrition & Health - Sales by region

(Location of customer) 4

al

1 Europe 46%
2 North America 21% 3 1
3 Asia Pacific 24% 2,029 million
South America, Africa,
4 Middle East 9%

—

2

Paper Chemicals

a Sales down by €71 million to €1,371 million
a Earnings comparable with level of 2013,
supported by restructuring measures

Sales to third parties in the Paper Chemicals division fell by
€71 million to €1,371 million compared with 2013 (volumes
-3%, prices - 1%, currencies -1%). Sales volumes decreased
slightly following portfolio optimization and restructuring mea-
sures. This meant that our business developed in step with
our relevant market, which shrank slightly in 2014. The lower
volumes were largely due to declining paper production in our
largest market segment, graphical paper, as well as to our
Asian customers’ increasing backward integration along the
value chain. Lower raw material costs and an aggressive
competitive environment led to declining prices. Negative
currency effects additionally dampened sales.

In this difficult environment, we concentrated on reposi-
tioning our portfolio toward paper packaging and continued
the expansion of product lines with competitive advantages
for our customers. This allowed us to achieve significant gains
in sales volumes of VFA-based cationic polymers and cost-
effective binders, which enable paper manufacturers to pro-
duce more efficiently and at lower cost.

Income from operations before special items matched the
level of the previous year. This was especially the result of
measures taken in our restructuring project, which counter-
acted somewhat weaker sales volumes and the cost of
starting up new plants in Asia and North America. Special
charges arose predominantly from restructuring measures.
Special income arose from the sales of our business with alkyl
ketene dimer emulsions.

Paper Chemicals - Sales by region
(Location of customer)

=
1 Europe 47% 3
2 North America 23%
3. Asia Pacific 24% !1,371 million !
South America, Africa,
4 Middle East 6% \
2

BASF Report 2014

Performance Chemicals

a Sales grow by €47 million to €3,329 million
due to increased sales volumes

mu Earnings rise considerably, especially through
sales volumes growth and reduced fixed costs

In the Performance Chemicals division, sales to third parties
rose year-on-year by €47 million to €3,329 million. This was
predominantly a result of higher sales volumes (volumes 4%,
prices -1%, portfolio -1%, currencies -1%), which we were
able to increase in all business areas. Plastic additives
contributed particularly to positive development in Europe.
In Asia, sales volumes rose especially for fuel and lubricant
additives; in North America, we primarily raised volumes in the
business area for water treatment, oilfield and mining solu-
tions. Sales volumes in South America remained overall at
prior-year levels.

Income from operations before special items considerably
surpassed the level of 2013. This was partly attributable to
significantly higher volumes as well as fixed cost reduction
measures, especially in our plastic additives business. Con-
siderably improved earnings in fuel and lubricant additives
furthermore contributed to the earnings increase.

Special income arose from the sale of our PolyAd Services
business. Special charges came in part from measures to
restructure our businesses with plastic additives.

Performance Chemicals — Sales by region
(Location of customer)

4
1 Europe 39%

2 North America 25%

3 “a:
3. Asia Pacific 25% !3,329 million

wo

2

South America, Africa,
4 Middle East 11%

BASF Report 2014 Management’s Report
The BASF Group business year — Functional Materials & Solutions

Functional Materials & Solutions

The Functional Materials & Solutions segment comprises the Catalysts, Construction
Chemicals, Coatings and Performance Materials divisions. They develop system solutions,
services and innovative products for specific sectors and customers, particularly for the
automotive, electronics, chemical and construction industries as well as for household
applications and sports and leisure.

Divisions

Catalysts Construction Chemicals Coatings Performance Materials
Automotive and Solutions for building Coatings solutions Polyurethanes, thermo-
process catalysts, structure and envelopes, for automotive and plastics, foams and
battery materials, interior construction and industrial applications, | epoxy resins

precious metal trading _ infrastructure decorative paints

Sales

Performance Materials Catalysts
!6,546 million !6,135 million
Change : Percentage of sales: Change : Percentage of sales:

1% 37% 71% 34%

2014:
!17,725 million
Change :
3%
2013:

117,252 million

Coatings Construction Chemicals
! 2,984 million !2,060 million
Percentage of sales: Change : Percentage of sales:

17% —% 12%

Factors influencing sales Income from operations before special items
(in million €)

Prices 2013 1070 De

Change:

plus €127 million

Portfolio

Currencies

Volumes _——— 2014 1,197 DT
|
eee!

Sales

76 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Functional Materials & Solutions

How we create value - an example

BASF Report 2014

Suspension top mounts made of Cellasto® and Ultramid®
Innovative plastic material combination offers more driving comfort with lighter weight

Value for BASF

Expected sales growth per year
through 2018

>10%

Our innovative plastic suspension top mounts combine the
special properties of Cellasto® for preventing noise and vibra-
tion with the lightweight stability of Ultramid®. We expect sales
for this application to grow by more than 10% each year on
average and foresee that, by 2018, around two million vehicles
will be on the road with more comfort and less weight.

Strategy

a Development of innovative products and technolo-
gies in close collaboration with our customers

=u Focus on specialties and system solutions that allow
customers to stand out from the competition

We use BASF’s expertise as the world’s leading chemical
company to develop innovative products and technologies in
close cooperation with our customers. Our aim is to find the
best solution in terms of cost and functionality, helping our
customers contribute to sustainable development. Our spe-
cialties and system solutions enable customers to stand out
from the competition. @

Value for our customers

Weight savings

wv 20 YO

The automotive industry is faced with increasingly stricter
emissions guidelines and demand for higher fuel efficiency. In
these new top mounts, Ultramid® replaces metal, making the
component up to 25% lighter. Thanks to its combination with
Cellasto®, automotive manufacturers can reduce the weight
of their vehicles without sacrificing safety or comfort.

One focus of our strategy is the ongoing optimization of our
product portfolio and structures according to different regional
market requirements as well as trends in our customer indus-
tries. We are positioning ourselves to grow faster than the
market and become even less dependent on the cyclicality of
individual industries.

We aim to secure our leading market position in Europe,
to profitably expand our position in the North American market
and to selectively extend our activities in the growth regions of
Asia, South America, Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
BASF Report 2014

Products, customers and applications

Management’s Report 77

The BASF Group business year — Functional Materials & Solutions

Division

Products

Customer industries and applications

Catalysts

Automotive and process catalysts
Battery materials

Precious and base metal services

Automotive and chemical industries, refineries, battery manu-
facturers

Solutions for the protection of air quality as well as the produc-
tion of fuels, chemicals, plastics and battery materials

Construction Chemicals

Concrete admixtures, cement additives, underground construc-
tion solutions, flooring systems, sealants, solutions for the
protection and repair of concrete, high-performance mortars
and grouts, tile-laying systems, exterior insulation and finishing
systems, expansion joints, wood protection

Cement and concrete producers, construction companies,
craftspeople, builders’ merchants

Solutions for new building construction, maintenance, and
repair and renovation of commercial and residential building
construction as well as infrastructure

Coatings

Coatings solutions for automotive and industrial applications

Decorative paints

Automotive industry, body shops, steel industry, painting
businesses and private consumers, wind power industry

Performance Materials

Engineering plastics, biodegradable plastics, standard foams,
foam specialties, polyurethane, epoxy systems for fiber-rein-
forced composites

Automotive manufacture, electrical engineering, packaging,
games, sports and leisure, household, mechanical engineering,
construction, medical technology, sanitation and water indus-
try, solar thermal energy and photovoltaics, wind energy

Capital expenditures

Location Project Startup
Bangpoo, Thailand Technical competence center for automotive coatings 2015
Caojing, China Construction: chemical catalysts 2016
Chennai, India Construction: mobile emissions catalysts 2016
Dahej, India Construction: polyols, polyurethane systems, TPU and Cellasto® 2014
Geismar, Louisiana Construction: polyurethane systems 2015
Lemférde, Germany Construction: TPU 2014
Ludwigshafen, Germany Construction: special zeolites 2014
Munster, Germany Expansion: coating resins 2015
Nairobi, Kenya Construction: concrete admixtures 2014
Shanghai, China Expansion: Cellasto® 2014

Expansion: compounding plant for engineering plastics 2014

Construction: base coats' 2014

Construction: TPU 2014

Expansion: mobile emissions catalysts 2015

Construction: coating resins 2015
Sinzheim, Germany Capacity expansion: wood protection 2014
Sroda Slaska, Poland Construction: mobile emissions catalysts 2014
Trostberg, Germany Capacity expansion: dry mortars 2015
Yeosu, South Korea Construction: Ultrason® 2014
Yesan, South Korea Construction: compounding plant for Ultramid® and Ultradur® 2015

' Operated through joint venture with Shanghai Huayi Fine Chemical Co. Ltd.
78 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Functional Materials & Solutions

Segment data (in million €)

BASF Report 2014

2014 2013 Change in %
Sales to third parties 17,725 17,252 3
Thereof Catalysts 6,135 5,708 7
Construction Chemicals 2,060 2,120 (3)
Coatings 2,984 2,927 2
Performance Materials 6,546 6,497 1
ntersegmental transfers 832 835 0
Sales including intersegmental transfers 18,557 18,087 3
ncome from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) 1,678 1,498 12
EBITDA margin % 9.5 8.7 -
ncome from operations (EBIT) before special items 1,197 1,070 12
ncome from operations (EBIT) 1,150 1,027 12
ncome from operations (EBIT) after cost of capital (240) (328) 27
Assets 12,987 11,899
Research expenses 379 367
Additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 650 611

Functional Materials & Solutions

In the Functional Materials & Solutions segment, we increased
our sales to third parties by €473 million to €17,725 million
compared with the previous year (volumes 5%, prices 0%,
currencies -2%). This was predominantly on account o
considerably higher sales volumes, especially of products for
the automotive industry. Negative currency effects weakened
sales growth in all divisions. Prices remained stable overall.
At €1,197 million, income from operations before special
items were €127 million above the 2013 level as a result of the
increase in the Catalysts and Coatings divisions. Income from
operations grew by €123 million to €1,150 million despite
higher special charges in the Construction Chemicals division.

For 2015, we expect higher demand from our key cus-
tomer industries, automotive and construction. We anticipate
a significant increase in sales volumes of our innovative
specialties and system solutions. We want to raise our
sales considerably. In the Catalysts and Performance Mate-
rials divisions, sales growth will be supported by the startup of
new plants. We are also striving for a considerable increase in
income from operations before special items. All divisions are
expected to contribute to this development.

Catalysts

a Sales up by €427 million to €6,135 million
through increase in sales volumes

= Considerable increase in earnings due in part to
higher volumes in mobile emissions catalysts

We raised sales to third parties by €427 million to €6,135 mil-
lion in the Catalysts division in 2014 (volumes 9%, prices
-1%, currencies —1%). This was primarily due to sales growth
for mobile emissions catalysts as well as to the larger, vol-
umes-driven contribution from precious metal trading, which
rose by €220 million to €2,575 million.

Because of greater demand for vehicle engines and the
introduction of new emissions regulations, sales volumes
increased for our mobile emissions catalysts, especially in
Europe and Asia. Significant factors here included the stricter
Euro 6 emissions regulation that took effect for lightweight
passenger cars in Europe as well as the introduction of
Euro IV emissions norms for trucks in China. In the United
States, Europe and Japan, sales volumes of catalysts for
offroad vehicles rose in response to the step-by-step imple-
mentation of the Tier 4 emissions regulation. We observed
declining volumes in South America as a result of weaker
market growth.
BASF Report 2014

Sales rose slightly for chemical catalysts, mainly through price
increases. We were also able to raise our sales slightly for
refinery catalysts, largely through increased volumes.

Income from operations before special items considerably
exceeded the level of the previous year. This was predomi-
nantly attributable to the higher sales volumes of mobile
emissions catalysts and stronger margins for chemical and
refinery catalysts.

Catalysts - Sales by region
(Location of customer)

<A
1 Europe

2 North America
3. Asia Pacific

South America, Africa,
4 Middle East

40%
33%
18%

!6,135 million

9%

2

Construction Chemicals

= Currency and portfolio-related sales decline of
€60 million to €2,060 million

a Slight dip in earnings, especially due to currency
effects

In the Construction Chemicals division, sales to third parties
fell by €60 million year-on-year to €2,060 million. This was
mostly because of negative currency effects as well as dives-
titures. Higher volumes and prices slowed the sales decline
(volumes 2%, prices 1%, portfolio -3%, currencies -3%).

Sales in Europe fell considerably as a result of portfolio
and currency effects. The portfolio effects came essentially
from divestitures undertaken as part of our efficiency mea-
sures in Germany. Sharply negative currency effects were
observed in Turkey and Russia. Weighed down by currencies,
sales in Asia were just below the prior year’s level. With prices
slightly higher, we were able to considerably increase sales
volumes, primarily in India. Stronger demand and _ stable
prices led to a slight rise in sales in North America compared
with 2013, despite negative currency influences. In the region
South America, Africa, Middle East, we were able to consid-
erably exceed the sales of the previous year due to positive
portfolio effects as well as higher volumes and prices.

Income from operations before special items was slightly
down compared with 2013, due especially to currency effects.
Special charges rose because of the impairment of intangible
assets.

Management’s Report
The BASF Group business year — Functional Materials & Solutions

Construction Chemicals — Sales by region
(Location of customer)

fo

1 Europe 38%
2 North America 27% |
3. Asia Pacific 20% > ! 2,060 million

South America, Africa,

4 Middle East 15%

eee”

2

Coatings

a Sales improve by €57 million to €2,984 million
through higher volumes and prices

Considerable earnings increase, mostly as a result
of higher sales volumes for OEM coatings

In the Coatings division, sales to third parties in 2014 rose by
€57 million to €2,984 million. We were able to more than off-
set negative currency and portfolio effects with higher volumes
and prices (volumes 4%, prices 3%, portfolio —1%, currencies
-4%). Sales volumes grew in Asia, North America and Europe,
whereas they declined slightly in South America. We particu-
larly raised our prices for decorative paints and automotive
refinish coatings.

Our business with OEM coatings developed very suc-
cessfully thanks to growing demand in Asia, North America
and Europe. For automotive refinish coatings, we were able to
partly compensate for weaker demand in South America and
negative currency effects by raising sales prices. A consider-
able sales increase in the industrial coatings business area
was particularly buoyed by higher volumes, which arose
mainly from greater demand for coil coatings as well as for
rotor blade coatings for wind turbines. In the decorative paints
business, sales declined slightly despite increased demand
and higher sales prices. This was largely on account of
negative currency effects in Brazil and the divestiture of the
business in Argentina.

Income from operations before special items grew
considerably, mainly owing to higher sales volumes for OEM
coatings.

Coatings - Sales by region
(Location of customer)

4
1 Europe 40%
2 North America 16%
3. Asia Pacific 22% ! 2,984 million

South America, Africa,

4 Middle East 3

22%

1
80 Management's Report

The BASF Group business year — Functional Materials & Solutions

Performance Materials

a Sales up by €49 million to €6,546 million
through increase in sales volumes

a Slight decline in earnings due to higher
production costs

In the Performance Materials division, we increased sales to
third parties by €49 million to €6,546 million in 2014 (volumes
2%, prices 0%, currencies -1%). Whereas volumes declined
slightly in Europe, we saw considerable gains in sales volumes
in Asia and especially North America. Price levels were largely
stable. Negative currency effects dampened sales growth in
all regions, particularly in South America.

We raised our sales to the automotive industry consider-
ably. Demand in Asia and North America rose significantly,
especially for engineering plastics, our specialty elastomer
Cellasto® and polyurethane systems. Mainly as a result of
sharply increased contributions from Cellasto®, Europe also
observed slight sales growth.

The slight recovery of the European construction industry
had a positive effect on our sales of polyurethane systems
and styrenic foams in the region. We benefited from higher
demand in North America, too, which was primarily due to a
better market environment in residential construction. We
were able to continue increasing sales of Neopor® in Asia.

Sales to the consumer goods industry declined slightly,
however, mostly because of a considerable drop in sales
volumes in polyurethane systems in Europe. We were able to
partly compensate for this with overall higher volumes in
North America and in our specialties, particularly Ultrason®
and the thermoplastic polyurethanes.

BASF Report 2014

Compared with the previous year, income from operations
before special items was down slightly due to rising manufac-
uring costs through the startup of new plants. Sales growth
in our high-margin businesses with engineering plastics and
hermoplastic polyurethanes was not able to fully compensate
or the increased fixed costs.

In 2014, we began operations at a new Ultrason® produc-
ion plant at the Yeosu, South Korea, site. We furthermore
invested in the sites at Lemfoérde, Germany, and Shanghai,
China, as well as Dahej, India, especially in the areas of
hermoplastic polyurethanes and Cellasto®. With these
measures, we are further expanding our specialties business.

Performance Materials - Sales by region

(Location of customer) 4

‘a
1 Europe 47% 3
2 North America 21%
3 Asia Pacific 26% 16,546 million
South America, Africa,
4 Middle East 6%

~~
BASF Report 2014 Management’s Report §4
The BASF Group business year — Agricultural Solutions

Agricultural Solutions

The Agricultural Solutions segment consists of the Crop Protection division. We develop
and produce innovative solutions for the improvement of crop health and yields, and market
them worldwide. The Plant Science competence center conducts research in the field of
plant biotechnology. The activities of Plant Science are reported in “Other.”

Indications and sectors

Fungicides Herbicides Insecticides Functional Crop Care

Protecting crops from Reducing competition | Combating insect Biological crop protec-

harmful fungi from weeds for pests both in and tion, seed treatment,
nutrients and water outside of agriculture polymers and colorants

Functional Crop Care
1308 million
Change: Percentage of sales:

7% 6%

Insecticides \
1845 million

Change: Percentage of sales: 2014:

—M 15% 15,446 million Fungicides

ee : 12,409 million

Change: Percentage of sales :

2013:
Herbicides 15,227 million 6% 44%

!1,884 million
Change: Percentage of sales :

5% 35%

Factors influencing sales Income from operations before special items
(in million €)

Volumes 2014 1,109 DTT

Prices {see 2013 1,222 ENN
A

Portfolio

Currencies

Change:
minus €113 million

Sales

82 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Agricultural Solutions

How we create value - an example

Blockbuster fungicide Xemium®

BASF Report 2014

Critical component and driver of BASF’s fungicide portfolio

Value for BASF

Peak sales potential

>€600 nition

Since its introduction in 2011, Xemium® has been a key com-
ponent of our fungicide portfolio and has strengthened our
leading position in innovative fungicide solutions. Xemium®’s
excellent sales growth between 2011 and 2014 confirms that
products featuring Xemium® have been adopted very readily
by our customers and that they are being used in numerous
crops across all regions. We aim for a peak sales potential of
more than €600 million with Xemium®.

Strategy

Contribution to feeding a growing world population
Long-term innovation strategy ensures future
growth

a Development of solutions that go beyond
conventional crop protection measures

Our strategy has been developed based on long-term market
trends. A key challenge of the future will be to ensure enough
food for a growing world population. This means that farmers
around the world need to increase their yields — and yet the
natural resources for doing so, such as water and arable land,
are limited. We see it as our duty to provide farmers with
professional support in producing more — and more nutritious —
food as efficiently as possible.

We are committed to the responsible treatment of our
products and the environment. We offer our customers a
broad portfolio of integrated solutions and constantly invest in
our development pipeline to create chemical and biological
innovations in crop protection.

Our research and development activities range from solu-
tions for guarding plants against fungi, insects and weeds, to
seeds and soil management, to plant health. The Functional
Crop Care business unit, for example, not only offers seed

Value for our customers

Better performance than
conventional fungicides

3-fold

Xemium® outperforms conventional fungicide products in
three ways: It remains effective longer, can be used more
flexibly and disperses extraordinarily well within the plant. For
the farmer, this translates into higher crop yields and improved
quality thanks to high product reliability and a broad range of
effects.

enhancement products and innovations for better soil man-
agement, but also provides biological and chemical techno-
logies that make plants more resistant to stress factors such
as heat, cold and nutrient deficiency.

We are intensifying our investment in growth markets
and continuing to expand our good position in our core
markets. In 2015, we will introduce the new dicamba formu-
lation Engenia® in North America. Used in dicamba- and
glyphosate-tolerant cropping systems, this is a highly efficient
agent for controlling glyphosate-resistant weeds in important
field crops, such as corn and soy.

We will further expand our partnerships with seed compa-
nies, benefiting as well from the technological competence of
BASF Plant Science. In addition, we work together with other
BASF divisions to develop the best solutions for our custom-
ers. Integrated IT applications for increasing agricultural yield
and productivity are one example. We develop these together
with farmers, and will begin introducing them to key agricul-
tural markets around the world in 2015. They will support
farmers in their decision-making and in managing their busi-
ness operations, and will better connect the global agriculture
community.
BASF Report 2014

Products, customers and applications

Management’s Report
The BASF Group business year — Agricultural Solutions

Indications and sectors Application

Product examples

Fungicides Protecting crops from harmful fungal attacks; improving Boscalid, metiram, dimethomorph, Initium®, metrafenone,
plant health F 500°, Xemium®, AgCelence® (umbrella brand)
Herbicides Reducing competition from weeds for nutrients and water Kixor®, dicamba, pendimethalin, imazamox, topramezone,
Clearfield® herbicide tolerance system
Insecticides Combating insect pests both in and outside of agriculture, Fipronil, alpha-cypermethrin, chlorfenapyr, teflubenzuron,

such as in the fields of public health, professional pest

control and landscape maintenance

Nealta®, Termidor® to guard against termite infestation,
Interceptor® mosquito nets to protect against malaria

Functional Crop Care

Products for plant health and increased yield potential that
go beyond traditional crop protection, such as biological

Standak® Top, Biostacked®, Flo Rite®, Vault® HP plus
Integral®, Subtilex® NG, Limus®

control products, seed treatments, polymers and colorants

Investments

In 2014, we invested €328 million in property, plant and

equipment. A major portion o
ments to expand production
F 500° and Xemium® as well

this total consisted of invest-
capacities for our fungicides
as for the dicamba und Kixor®

herbicides. Furthermore, we continue to invest in the expan-

sion of our research and development capacities, such as in
our global Agricultural Research Center in Pune, India.
In order to serve ongoing high demand for our innovative
products in the future, we will invest around €1.2 billion in
developing and expanding our production capacities for
synthesizing and formulating active ingredients between 2015
and 2019.

BASF Plant Science
Plant biotechnology at BASF

BASF Plant Science is one of the world’s leading suppliers of
plant biotechnology for agriculture. Our headquarters at the
Research Triangle Park site near Raleigh, North Carolina,
ensure our proximity to our main markets in North and South
America. With our global network of research sites in the
United States, Canada, Belgium and Germany, we help
farmers meet the growing demand for increased agricultural
productivity as well as better nutrition. BASF invests more
than €150 million per year to accomplish these goals.
Research expenses, sales, earnings and all other data of
BASF Plant Science are not included in the Agricultural
Solutions segment; these are reported in Other.

With a pioneering platform for gene identification, BASF Plant
Science has specialized in the development of plant charac-
teristics such as higher yield, herbicide tolerance and disease
resistance. Our goal is to optimize crops so that farmers can
achieve greater and more secure yields. In this way, we make
an important contribution to securing a better food supply for
a growing world population. We also contribute to sustainable
agriculture, as the cultivation of these plants significantly
reduces the amount of land, water and energy required to
produce each metric ton of harvested crops. One example is
the drought-resistant corn launched on the market in 2013
which can protect farmers in the United States from harvest
losses in times of drought.

ian) For more on innovations in BASF Plant Science, see page 37

83
84 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Agricultural Solutions

Segment data’ (in million €)

BASF Report 2014

2013 Change in %
Sales to third parties 5,227 4
ntersegmental transfers 36 3
Sales including intersegmental transfers 5,263 4
ncome from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) 1,375 (6)
EBITDA margin % 26.3 -
ncome from operations (EBIT) before special items 1,222 (9)
ncome from operations (EBIT) 1,208 (8)
ncome from operations (EBIT) after cost of capital 447 (36)
Assets 6,777 16
Research expenses 469 9
Additions to property, plant equipment and intangible assets 324 21

' Research expenses, sales, earnings and all other data of BASF Plant Science are not included in the Agricultural Solutions segment; these are reported in Other.

Agricultural Solutions

In the Agricultural Solutions segment, we increased sales to
third parties in 2014 by €219 million to €5,446 million through
higher volumes and sales prices. Continuously falling prices
for agricultural commodities put a considerable strain on our
business over the course of the year. The agricultural sector
grew more slowly overall than it had in 2013. In this challeng-
ing environment, income from operations before special items
declined by €113 million to €1,109 million. Income from
operations decreased by €100 million to €1,108 million.

For 2015, we expect prices for agricultural commodities
to remain at the level of the second half of 2014. With
exchange rates developing more favorably overall, we antici-
pate high market volatility. In this environment, we set our-
selves the ambitious goal of increasing sales volumes and
considerably improving sales and income from operations
before special items.

Crop Protection

a Volumes and price-driven sales increase of
€219 million to €5,446 million

a Income from operations before special items
falls by €113 million to €1,109 million

We improved sales to third parties by €219 million to
€5,446 million compared with the previous year. This was
mostly attributable to vigorous business in Europe and North
America as well as increased demand for fungicides and
herbicides. In the first half of the year, negative currency
developments particularly affected our business in the emerg-
ing markets (volumes 5%, prices 2%, currencies -3%).

Compared with 2013, sales in Europe grew by €100 mil-
lion to €2,046 million. This was mainly because of a strong
start to the year, especially in western and central Europe.
Demand for fungicides was high after the mild, humid winter.
We were able to increase sales prices overall.

In North America, sales grew by €77 million year-on-year to
€1,574 million, primarily driven by greater demand and by
price increases in innovative herbicides. Sales were negatively
impacted by currency exchange effects.

Sales in Asia amounted to €526 million, exceeding the
level of 2013 by €13 million. This was largely on account of
high demand for our fungicides in China and our successful
direct business in Australia. Negative currency effects reduced
sales growth in the region.

In South America, we improved sales by €29 million to
€1,300 million, despite the first half of the year’s sharply nega-
tive currency effects and the pressure exerted on insecticides
by generic products. Our innovative fungicide Xemium® and
our herbicide Kixor® performed especially well.

At €1,109 million, income from operations before special
items was €113 million below the level of the previous year.
This decline was due to negative currency effects, especially
in the first half of the year; declining margins resulting from an
unfavorable product mix; and higher expenditures for research
and development and for production and distribution as part
of exploiting future growth opportunities.

Crop Protection - Sales by region
(Location of customer)

1 Europe 37% y

2 North America 29% !

3 Asia Pacific 10% 5,446 million
South America, Africa, A

4 Middle East 24%

qe

2
BASF Report 2014

Oil & Gas

Management’s Report §5

The BASF Group business year — Oil & Gas

BASF’s oil and gas activities are bundled in the Wintershall Group. Wintershall and its sub-
sidiaries operate in the business sectors Exploration & Production and Natural Gas Trading.

Sectors

Exploration & Production

We focus our exploration and production activities
on oil and gas-rich regions in Europe, North
Africa, Russia and South America as well as in
the Middle East.

Sales

2014:

Natural Gas Trading

Together with our Russian partner Gazprom,
we are active in the transport, storage and
trading of natural gas in Europe.

Exploration & Production
!2,938 million
Change :

0%

Percentage of sales :

19%

115,145 million

Change :

Natural Gas Trading
! 12,207 million
Percentage of sales:

81%

Change :

3%

Factors influencing sales

2%

2013:

!14,776 million

Income from operations before special items
(in million €)

Volumes 14%

2014 1735 DA

Prices/currencies (13%)

2013 1356

Portfolio 1%
Sales 2%

Change:
minus €61 million

86 Management’s Report
The BASF Group business year — Oil & Gas

How we create value - an example

Steam flooding in Emlichheim

BASF Report 2014

Improved oil production by injecting steam into the oil field

Value for BASF

Production from a deposit
increased by

Value for society

Longer oil production at a
constant level helps secure
energy supplies

00%

Steam flooding is an Enhanced Oil Recovery (GEOR) method
that improves yields in oil production. This method involves
injecting hot steam under pressure into an oil reservoir to heat
the oil, which becomes less viscous and therefore more easily
extractable. Usually, around 30% to 35% of the crude oil ina
reservoir is recovered. Steam flooding allows us to raise this
rate for some parts of the reservoir up to 50% and more.

Strategy

= Pursuit of our growth strategy through
exploration, acquisitions, strategic partnerships
and technological expertise

a Important contribution to security of Europe’s
natural gas supply

In the future, crude oil and natural gas will continue to contrib-
ute significantly toward covering the sharply rising energy
demand of a growing world population. That is why we invest
in the exploration and production of oil and gas, primarily in
our core regions Europe, North Africa, Russia and South
America, thereby continuing along our growth course. We
also aim to establish the Middle East as another of our core
regions.

Our growth strategy is based on three pillars: innovative
technologies, selected collaborations and partnerships, and
the responsible development and production of hydrocar-
bons. In addition to the successful execution of our projects,
we focus on continuously optimizing our portfolio of oil and
gas activities. Measured by production volumes, gas activities
comprised around 70% of our portfolio in 2014. Our oil and
gas activities contributed approximately equal shares to
income from operations before special items.

Our diversified portfolio, low production and reserves
replenishment costs, and our focus on attractive techno-
logical and exploration projects have made us able to make
significant contributions to the earnings of the BASF Group,
even when oil prices are low.

3-fold

Germany is dependent on energy imports to a high degree.
Using EOR technologies, domestic oil reserves can be pro-
duced both longer and more efficiently. We have already used
steam flooding to increase production time at the Emlichheim
location to 70 years, three times longer than originally planned.

Handling hydrocarbons in a responsible manner demands
special measures for the protection of people and the
environment. We therefore carefully assess the potential
effects of every project before we begin. Together with
experts, contractors and relevant stakeholders, we develop
methods and implement measures to be able to use resources
even more efficiently and minimize the impact on the
environment. In doing so, we act in accordance with interna-
tional agreements, local legislation and our own, self-imposed
high standards.

We intensified our collaboration with Statoil in 2014 by
acquiring additional assets and concluding agreements on
joint investment and exploration activities. This increased our
Norwegian oil and gas production by 50%, to 60,000 barrels
of oil equivalent (BOE) each day. We will furthermore take over
operation of the Vega field.

We agreed with our partner Gazprom not to proceed with
the asset swap planned for the end of 2014. The arrangement
had been for Wintershall to give Gazprom its share of the
natural gas trading and storage business as well as a share of
Wintershall Noordzee B.V. In return, Wintershall was to receive
shares in two additional blocks of the Urengoy field in western
Siberia. Together with Gazprom, we still intend to continue the
close partnership we have established over many years of
dependable cooperation.
BASF Report 2014

The long-term increase in demand for natural gas in western
Europe, coupled with the decline in regional production,
means that ever-increasing volumes of natural gas will have to
be imported. Aside from the production of natural gas and
development of gas fields, our pipeline network, natural gas
storage facilities and trading activities all make an important
contribution to supply security in western Europe. ©

Exploration & Production

= Active portfolio management, including
expansion of our position in Norway

Europe: The Mittelplate field off the North Sea coast is
the cornerstone of our crude oil production in Germany. We
own a 50% stake in this field, the largest known oil deposit
in the country. At the Bockstedt oil field, we continued our
field test for increasing recovery rates with the biopolymer
Schizophyllan.

Our portfolio’s Norwegian activities gained even more in
significance through the shares we acquired from Statoil ASA
in the producing fields Vega and Gjoa. The transaction
increased our production from 40,000 BOE to 60,000 BOE
per day. Wintershall Norge AS will take over operations in the
Vega field in 2015, provided approval is granted by authorities
and partners. Furthermore, we acquired shares in the Aasta
Hansteen development project, the Asterix discovery and the
Polarled pipeline project, and concluded an agreement with
Statoil on even more intensive collaboration in exploration.

We were able to further bolster our portfolio of licenses,
mainly through the receipt of eight new exploration licenses
including five with our own operatorship. Four of these
licenses are for the North Sea: three in the Norwegian Sea
and one in the Barents Sea.

We continued our work in developing the Edvard Grieg
and Knarr oil prospects in 2014.

The sale of selected investments in development projects
on the British continental shelf to the Hungarian MOL Group
was concluded in the first quarter of 2014 with retroactive
financial effect to January 1, 2013.

Russia: The Yuzhno Russkoye natural gas field in western
Siberia has been operating at plateau production since 2009.
We have a 35% economic interest in this field. Together with
our partner Gazprom, we are currently drafting a development
plan for the Turon horizons, another formation in this natural
gas field. We hold a stake of 50% in the development of Block
IA of the Achimov formation in the Urengoy field in western
Siberia. The gradual development of this field was continued;
40 wells were producing at the end of 2014. We are involved
in the oilfield exploration and production of the Volgograd area
together with Lukoil.

Management’s Report §7

The BASF Group business year — Oil & Gas

North Africa/Middle East: In Libya, we are the operator of
eight oil fields in the onshore concessions 96 and 97.
Production there had been suspended in July 2013 as a result
of strikes at export terminals; we were able to temporarily
resume production in concession 96 to a limited extent in
September 2014. In December, the unstable situation once
again forced us to shut down production. Production in
concession 97 remains unfeasible due predominantly to the
ongoing blockade of transport infrastructure. However, we
have been able to continue operations without interruption at
the Al Jurf offshore oil field in Libya, in which we have a stake.

In May, we started our first exploration drilling as the
operator in the development of the Shuweihat sour gas and
condensate field in Abu Dhabi. We have shares in this project
together with the Abu Dhabi national oil company, ADNOC,
and the Austrian oil and gas company OMV.

South America: We hold shares in a total of 15 onshore
and offshore fields in Argentina. In the Neuquén Basin, we
continued our technology projects to explore the potential
for shale gas and oil. We signed a joint venture agreement
with the Argentinian company Gas y Petrdleo del Neuquén
in January 2014 for the exploration and potential further
development of the Aguada Federal block. In this 97 square
kilometer block, a deposit is being developed in the shale
of the Vaca Muerta formation. Wintershall, with its 50% share,
is the block’s operator. In Chile, we hold 10% of the San
Sebastian block.

ian For more on current reserves, see pages 90 and 225
Natural Gas Trading

us Gas trading and storage business will be continued
together with Gazprom

In this business sector, the natural gas trading and storage
activities conducted together with Gazprom are predominantly
combined into the W & G Beteiligungs-GmbH & Co. KG
(W & G) Group. The natural gas transport businesses are
gathered into the WIGA Transport Beteiligungs-GmbH &
Co. KG (WIGA) Group. W & G and WIGA mainly fulfill hold-
ing and financing functions. The natural gas trading, transport
and storage sectors act as independent subsidiaries under
the umbrella of their respective holding. This organizational
structure accommodates the unbundling requirements set
down by the German Energy Act.
88 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Oil & Gas

Capital expenditures

BASF Report 2014

Location Project Total capacity* Completion
Argentina Development of Vega-Pleyade field 25 million BOE ** 2016***
North Sea, Norway Development of Knarr field 20 million BOE ** 2015***
Development of Maria field 13 million BOE** 2018***
Development of Edvard Grieg field 35 million BOE ** 2015***/2017
Development of Aasta Hansteen field 50 million BOE ** 2017 ***
Siberia, Russia Achimgaz, development of Achimov horizon in Urengoy gas and
condensate field 70 million BOE ** 2008 ***/2018

Plateau production
BOE = barrel(s) of oil equivalent
*** Vear of startup

*

Natural gas trading: The W&G subsidiary WINGAS GmbH
markets natural gas from various producers to Germany and
other European countries. Its main customers are municipal
utilities and regional gas suppliers as well as larger industrial
firms and power plants. WINGAS is also active on spot trad-
ing markets.

In line with our strategy of growth at the source, we sold
our shares in the Leipzig natural gas provider VNG — Verbund-
netz Gas AG to EWE AG.

Gas transport: The WIGA Group operates a 3,300 kilo-
meter long-distance network that includes the pipeline links
to the Nord Stream Pipeline, the Baltic Sea Pipeline Link
(OPAL) and the North European Gas Pipeline (NEL). The
significant portions of the project to link the NEL to GASCADE’s
existing long-distance network were completed and started
up in 2014.

We hold a 15.5% share in the Nord Stream Pipeline through
Nord Stream AG, which is accounted for as an investment
using the equity method in the BASF Group financial state-
ments. Other shareholders are Gazprom (51%) and E.ON
(15.5%), as well as N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie and GDF Suez
(9% each). With a total capacity of 55 billion cubic meters of
natural gas per year, this pipeline, which stretches from Rus-
sia to the German coast over the Baltic Sea, helps shore up
supply security in Europe.

The South Stream Offshore Pipeline through the Black
Sea was to be developed, constructed and operated by
South Stream Transport B.V. The companies Gazprom (50%),
Eni (20%), Wintershall (15%) and EdF (15%) agreed to termi-
nate the South Stream Offshore Project. Gazprom therefore
acquired all minority shares on December 29, 2014.

Gas storage: astora GmbH & Co. KG markets the storage
capacity of western Europe’s largest natural gas storage facil-
ity in Rehden, Germany, as well the share in the storage facil-
ities in Haidach, Austria, and Jemgum, Germany.
BASF Report 2014

Segment data’ (in million €)

Management’s Report §9

The BASF Group business year — Oil & Gas

2014 2013? Change in %
Sales to third parties 15,145 14,776 2
Thereof Exploration & Production 2,938 2,929 (0)
Natural Gas Trading 12,207 11,847 3
Intersegmental transfers 907 1,160 (22,
Sales including intersegmental transfers 16,052 15,936
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) 2,626 3,149 (17,
Thereof Exploration & Production 2,162 2,133
Natural Gas Trading? 464 016 (54)
EBITDA margin % 17.3 21.3 -
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items 1,795 856 (3)
Thereof Exploration & Production 1,412 5450 (3)
Natural Gas Trading 383 406 (6)
Income from operations (EBIT) 1,688 2,403 (30)
Thereof Exploration & Production 1,305 5569 (17,
Natural Gas Trading? 383 834 (54)
Income from operations (EBIT) after cost of capital? 369 179 (69)
Assets 13,686 11,855 15
Thereof Exploration & Production 9,476 7,731 23
Natural Gas Trading 4,210 4,124 2
Research expenses 50 67 (25)
Exploration expenses 132 194 (32)
Additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 3,162 3,167 0)
Net income* 1,464 1,730 (15)

‘Supplementary information on the Oil & Gas segment can be found from page 225 onward.

® Figures for 2013 have been adjusted to reflect the dissolution of the natural gas trading business disposal group.
® In 2013, special income of €429 million had arisen from the reclassification of GASCADE Gastransport GmbH due to loss of control.
+ Information on the net income of the Oil & Gas segment can be found in the reconciliation reporting Oil & Gas in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 180.

Oil & Gas

In the Oil & Gas segment, sales to third parties grew by
€369 million compared with 2013 to €15,145 million (volumes
14%, prices/currencies -13%, portfolio 1%). This was pre-
dominantly the result of higher volumes in the natural gas
trading business. Income from operations before special
items fell by €61 million to €1,795 million as a consequence of
slightly smaller contributions from both business sectors.
Special charges of €239 million mainly arose from valuation
allowances on exploration and production projects, and were
only partly offset by special income from the sale of shares in
oil and gas fields in the British North Sea to the MOL Group.
Income from operations therefore decreased by €715 million
to €1,688 million. Net income declined by €266 million to
€1,464 million.

Our planning for 2015 is based on an average oil price
between $60 and $70 per barrel and a U.S. dollar exchange
rate of $1.20 per euro. On average, gas prices are likely to
remain at 2014 levels. Because of the lower price of oil, we
anticipate a slight decrease in sales and considerably reduced
income from operations before special items in 2015. In
the Exploration & Production business sector, the negative
effects of the drop in oil prices will probably be partly offset by
the expansion of our activities in Norway and the boost in
Achimgaz production in Russia. We also expect to partially
resume our onshore production in Libya. Our portfolio
optimization measures will continue. For the Natural Gas
Trading business sector, we anticipate considerable earnings
improvement thanks to a higher contribution from the trans-
portation business as well as rising sales volumes.
90 Management’s Report

The BASF Group business year — Oil & Gas

Exploration & Production

a At €2,938 million, sales at prior-year level despite
lower prices
Crude oil and natural gas production rises by 3%
Declining production in Germany due to
authorization logjam for fracking plans

a Earnings decline by €38 million to €1,412 million,
weighed down mainly by prices and currencies

Sales to third parties in the Exploration & Production business
sector amounted to €2,938 million, matching the level of the
previous year. Higher volumes, especially in Russia, and
largely portfolio-driven growth in Norway were able to com-
pensate for lower prices.

The yearly average for the price of Brent crude oil
decreased by 9% to $99 per barrel. The price of oil also fell by
9% in euro terms, amounting to €74 per barrel.

At 136 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE), our crude oil
and natural gas production exceeded the level of 2013 by
3%. Production increased substantially both in Norway and in
our joint operation Achimgaz. Counterbalancing effects came
mainly from reduced production in our Libyan onshore fields
as well as the further decrease in production in Germany
resulting from the ongoing authorization logjam for fracking
plans for conventional deposits.

Income from operations before special items was at
€1,412 million, representing a mostly price and currency-
related decline of €38 million despite the significantly higher
contribution from our Norwegian activities.

In the search for new crude oil and natural gas deposits,
we finished drilling a total of 21 exploration and appraisal
wells in 2014, of which 16 were successful.

Our proven crude oil and natural gas reserves increased
by 17% compared with the end of 2013 to 1,708 million BOE.
We replenished 284% of the volumes produced in 2014.
The reserve-to-production ratio is around 13 years (2013:
11 years). This is based on Wintershall’s share of production
in 2014 and refers to the reserves at year-end.

jan For more on our crude oil and natural gas reserves,
see page 225 onward

BASF Report 2014

Natural Gas Trading

a Higher volumes lead to €360 million increase
in sales, totaling €12,207 million

a Earnings at €383 million, down €23 million
year-on-year

Sales to third parties in the Natural Gas Trading business
sector grew by €360 million to €12,207 million as a result of
higher volumes. Intensified trade on European spot markets
led to a 40 billion kilowatt hour increase in sales volumes to
561 billion kilowatt hours. WINGAS provided 3% of its vol-
umes to BASF Group companies outside of the Oil & Gas
segment.

At €383 million, income from operations before special
items was €23 million below the level of the previous year. A
smaller contribution from the storage business was partly
offset by higher earnings in the transportation business and
ongoing optimization measures on the procurement end of
the trading business.

Oil & Gas - Sales by region
(Location of customer)

1 Europe 97%

2 North America 0%

3. Asia Pacific 0% 115,145 million
South America, Africa,

4 Middle East 3%

BASF Report 2014

Regional results

Regions (in million €)

Management’s Report 94

The BASF Group business year — Regional results

Sales
by location of company

Sales
by location of customer

Income from operations
before special items

Change Change Change

2014 2013 in % 2014 2013 in % 2014 2013 in %

Europe 42,854 43,335 (1) 40,911 41,221 (1) 4,759 4,309 10
Thereof Germany 32,241 31,571 2 15,126 14,446 5 1,994 1,829 9
North America 15,467 14,573 6 15,213 14,272 7 1,566 1,539 2
Asia Pacific 11,643 11,679 0 12,341 12,450 (1) 614 842 (27)
South America, Africa, Middle East 4,362 4,386 (1) 5,861 6,030 (3) 418 387 8
74,326 73,973 0 74,326 73,973 0 7,077 4

Europe

a Sales decline by 1% to €42,854 million
a Site for mobile emissions catalysts opened in Poland

In 2014, sales at companies headquartered in the region
Europe decreased by 1% to €42,854 million. Sales in the
chemicals business’ fell by 2% to €23,461 million; a higher
contribution from the Oil & Gas segment was able to almost
fully compensate for this.

The Chemicals segment posted a volumes and price-
related sales decline in 2014. With volumes stable, sales in
the Performance Products segment were slightly below the
previous year’s level. In the Functional Materials & Solutions
segment, sales rose compared with 2013 as a result of higher
demand. We also posted sales growth in the Agricultural
Solutions segment, boosted by positive development in vol-
umes and prices. Sales were considerably up in the Oil & Gas
segment due to higher volumes in gas trading.

Income from operations before special items amounted to
€4,759 million, an increase of 10% compared with 2013. This
was mainly the result of the 18% improvement in earnings in
the chemicals business to €3,006 million.

We are taking a series of steps to sharpen the competitive
edge of the Performance Products segment. We are adapting
our business to altered market conditions by streamlining
processes, investing in new technologies, taking portfolio
measures and making organizational revisions.

In Stoda Staska, Poland, we opened our largest European
production plant for mobile emissions catalysts in 2014. This
will enable us to even better accommodate the rising demand
resulting from Euro 6/VI, the stricter exhaust gas regulations
for trucks and passenger cars in Europe.

North America

a Sales rise by 6% to €15,467 million
a Intensified investment in the region

At €15,467 million, sales for companies headquartered in
North America were up by 6% compared with 2013. In local
currency terms, this was an increase of 7%. Sales in the
Chemicals segment rose considerably, thanks in particular to
higher volumes for steam cracker products. The Functional
Materials & Solutions and Agricultural Solutions segments
also contributed to sales growth. Sales in the Performance
Products segment matched the level of the previous year.

Income from operations before special items rose by 2%
to €1,566 million. The main reason for this was a considerably
larger, margin-driven contribution from the Petrochemicals
division. We were able to increase earnings in the Agricultural
Solutions segment, as well. Main factors dampening this
development were the considerable earnings declines in the
Performance Products segment and in Other.

In this region, we continue to focus on innovation, attrac-
tive market segments and cross-business initiatives in
order to ensure profitable growth. At the same time, we
are enhancing our operational excellence through ongoing
improvements. We want to intensify our investment in North
America in light of the attractive growth prospects and lower
raw material prices. Together with Yara, we are planning the
construction of an ammonia production plant in Freeport,
Texas. We are furthermore exploring an investment in a world-
scale methane-to-propylene complex on the U.S. Gulf Coast.
This would be BASF’s largest single investment to date.

' Our chemicals business comprises the Chemicals, Performance Products and Functional Materials & Solutions segments.
92 Management's Report

The BASF Group business year — Regional results

Sales by region
(Location of company)

1 Germany 43% 4 \
2 Europe (excl. Germany) 14%
. 9 1
3 North America 21% 174,326 million
4 Asia Pacific 16%
South America, Africa, 3
5 Middle East 6% {~~
2
Asia Pacific

a At €11,643 million, sales match level of previous year
a Strengthening research and development presence
and local production

Sales at companies headquartered in the Asia Pacific region
reached €11,643 million, a level comparable with that of the
previous year. In local currency terms, sales rose by 1%. We
observed substantially higher volumes, especially in the Cata-
lysts, Crop Protection, Performance Chemicals, Coatings and
Dispersions & Pigments divisions. This sales volumes increase
was able to compensate for negative currency effects and
falling prices.

Income from operations before special items fell by 27%
to €614 million, mostly weighed down by lower prices in the
Monomers division.

We continued to pursue our regional “grow smartly” strat-
egy last year. In Asia Pacific, we aim to increase the proportion
of sales from local production from its current level of 55% to
around 75% by 2020. Steps toward this goal included open-
ing a new production site in Dahej, India; starting up the
Crop Protection division’s first Asia Pacific plant in Rudong,
China; and inaugurating new plants in China for superabsor-
bents, acrylic acid, butyl acrylate and automotive coatings.
We also began constructing plants to produce butanediol and
PolyTHF® in Korla, China; aroma chemicals in Kuantan,
Malaysia; and isononanol in Maoming, China.

The new Electronic Materials R&D Center in Suwon, South
Korea, has further strengthened our presence in the global
Research Verbund. The continued expansion of the Innova-
tion Campus Asia Pacific in Shanghai, China, and a new inno-
vation campus in Mumbai, India, will also contribute to this.
With the opening of the regional Learning Campus in Singa-
pore, we provide our employees in the region with additional
programs for personal and professional development.

To improve profitability in Asia Pacific, we enacted a pro-
gram to increase efficiency and expand our ability to tap
market potential.

BASF Report 2014

Income from operations before special items

by region
5
1 Germany 27% eo" 1
2 Europe (excl. Germany) 38%
i 9
3. North America 21% 3 17,357 million
4 Asia Pacific 8%
South America, Africa,
5 Middle East 6%
2

South America, Africa, Middle East

a Sales dip by 1% to €4,362 million
= New production capacities for acrylic acid and
superabsorbents in South America

as

At €4,362 million, sales for companies headquartered in
South America, Africa, Middle East were 1% below the level
of 2013. Sales grew by 8% in local currency terms.

Economic development in South America was weaker
than we had expected. Our sales declined slightly. Higher
prices only partly compensated for negative currency effects.
While sales decreased in the chemicals business, they
rose in the crop protection business, especially through the
launch of innovative products. Sales also grew in the Oil & Gas
segment.

Companies in Africa posted a slight, volumes-driven
boost in sales. Sales also increased slightly in the Middle
East. Through higher volumes and prices, we were able to
more than compensate for negative currency effects there.

Income from operations before special items rose by 8%

to €418 million, largely on account of improved earnings in
the Performance Products and Functional Materials & Solu-
tions segments as well as in Other.
In South America, we continued to implement our growth
strategy, enhancing our focus on customer and market
needs. By opening two new laboratories for the Nutrition &
Health division, we are strengthening our research and devel-
opment in the region. We are also supporting our long-term
growth with the construction of a production complex for
acrylic acid and superabsorbents in Camagari, Brazil, which
will begin operations at the beginning of 2015. In order to
respond to the weak economic development expected in the
region for the medium term, we started a program to increase
efficiency. We are analyzing processes and structures in order
to make even better use of our resources and further raise
productivity.

BASF Report 2014

Management’s Report 93

Responsibility along the value chain — Supply chain management

Responsibility along the value chain

Supply chain management

Suppliers Transportation Production

Our objective is to secure competitive advantages for
BASF through professional procurement structures. Our
suppliers are an important element of our value chain.
Together with them, we aim to create value and minimize
risks.

Strategy

With our sustainability-oriented supply chain management,
we contribute to risk management by boosting our suppliers’
awareness of our expectations and standards, and by support-
ing them in carrying out our specifications. We count on reliable
supply relationships and want to make our suppliers’ contrilbu-
tion to sustainable development transparent. Furthermore, we
support BASF’s business units in developing solutions to stand
out from the competition in addressing market-specific require-
ments. Our suppliers are evaluated based on risk due to the
size and scale of our supplier portfolio.

Worldwide procurement

From our suppliers, we obtain raw materials and technical
goods as well as all kinds of services, from technical to logis-
tics and building facility services. BASF acquired raw materi-
als, goods and services for our own production totaling
around €40 billion in value from more than 75,000 suppliers
around the world in 2014. Around 90% of this was locally
sourced. In terms of our suppliers, there were no substantial
changes in our value chain in 2014.

Transportation Customers

What we expect from our suppliers

a Global Supplier Code of Conduct
= Country-specific risk analysis forms
basis of new supplier selection

Both new and existing suppliers are selected and evaluated
not only on the basis of economic criteria, but also with
respect to environmental, social and corporate governance
standards. Our Supplier Code of Conduct is founded on inter-
nationally recognized guidelines, such as the principles of
the United Nations’ Global Compact, the International Labor
Organization (ILO) conventions and the topic areas of the
Responsible Care Initiative. Available in 26 languages, the
Code of Conduct covers environmental protection as well as
compliance with human rights, labor and social standards,
and antidiscrimination and anticorruption policies.

A country-based risk analysis forms the basis of our
selection process for new suppliers. Due to the country-
related risks identified in South America and Asia, we queried
around 700 new suppliers there in 2014 on their commitment
to the values of our Supplier Code of Conduct. Moreover, we
provided training to a total of 495 suppliers with an elevated
sustainability risk, especially in Asia and South America.

In addition, we instructed 519 procurement employees
on sustainability-oriented supplier management. These are
ways in which potential supply chain risks can be identified
and minimized together with our suppliers.
94 Managements Report

Responsibility along the value chain — Supply chain management

Evaluating our suppliers

= Together for Sustainability initiative aims to harmonize
and standardize supplier assessment and audits
120 raw material supplier sites audited
Cooperations begun in China and Brazil for supplier
training

BASF is a founding member of the Together for Sustainability
(TfS) initiative of leading chemical companies for the global
standardization of supplier evaluations and auditing. This
initiative aims to develop and implement a global program for
the responsible supply of goods and services and improve
suppliers’ environmental and social standards. The evalua-
tion process is simplified for both suppliers and TfS member
companies through a globally uniform questionnaire. The
initiative’s members conducted a total of 2,605 sustainability
assessments and 93 audits in 2014. The number of initiative
members rose from six to twelve. As part of the TfS initiative,
we conducted a Supplier Day in Shanghai, China, in 2014.
The activities in Brazil and India were also expanded.

Based on TfS evaluations, we pursue a risk-oriented
approach with clearly defined, BASF-specific follow-up
processes rolled out in 2014 worldwide using an IT tool. We
have developed risk matrices that help us identify suppliers
with a high sustainability risk given their respective country
risks. Our purchasers indicate the suppliers for whom they
see a potentially elevated sustainability risk. Furthermore, we
check various information sources to see if any suppliers have
been observed in connection with negative sustainability
incidents. Based on these analyses, we audited a total of
120 raw material supplier sites on sustainability standards
and initiated 538 sustainability assessments through an exter-
nal service provider in 2014. Our goal is supplier enhance-
ment. If we identify potential for improvement, we support this
supplier in developing measures to fulfill our standards. We
conduct another review according to a defined timeframe
based on the sustainability risk measured. If the weak points
discovered were particularly severe and we cannot find any
improvement, we reserve the right to terminate the business
relationship. This occurred in seven cases in 2014. We use
this approach to evaluate suppliers with an elevated sustain-
ability risk at least every five years. The approach itself is
reviewed every two years to identify possibilities for improve-
ment.

BASF Report 2014

In addition, we initiated cooperations in China and Brazil in
2014 to instruct suppliers on sustainability standards. We
have developed a training program together with the East
China University of Science and Technology in Shanghai, and
plan to educate around 2,000 suppliers over the next five
years. We are pursuing the same approach in Brazil together
with the Espago ECO® Foundation. Through these coopera-
tions, 65 suppliers already received training in 2014.

Audit results

Our audits have revealed some reservations with respect to
working hours, payment of the minimum wage, and payment
of overtime, especially in China. Here, we have called for
improvements on the part of our suppliers. Our 2014 audits
did not identify any cases of child labor. For the suppliers
we reviewed, persons under 18 were excluded from over-
ime, night shifts and dangerous work. We did not find any
incidences of forced labor in 2014. We were also able to rule
out human rights violations.

CI For more on supply chain management, see basf.com/supplychain

®

BASF Report 2014

Raw materials

Suppliers Transportation Production

Responsible resource management is an integral part of
our strategy. It is applied within the company through our
Verbund concept, our innovative products and the use of
renewable raw materials. In the search for alternative raw
materials, we employ solutions that contribute to sustain-
ability. We as a company are dependent on ecosystem
services and also have an impact on them. Examples
include the availability of clean water and renewable
resources, or even the effects of ecosystem services on
the preservation of air, water and soil quality.

Strategy

The Verbund system is an important component of our resource
efficiency strategy: The by-products of one plant often serve as
feedstock elsewhere, thus helping us to use raw materials
more efficiently. In 2014, BASF purchased a total of around
30,000 different raw materials from more than 6,000 suppliers.
Some of our most important raw materials are naphtha, natural
gas, methanol, ammonia and benzene. We examine the use of
renewable resources in our Verbund system and are involved in
the responsible cultivation and utilization of renewables in
numerous projects along the value chain.

Renewable resources

a “Mass balance” method established
u Facility begins operations for commercial
production of bio-based succinic acid

In 2014, around 4.5% of the raw materials we purchased
worldwide were from renewable resources. We are advancing
our research and development activities for products and
production processes based on renewable raw materials.
We also further established our “mass balance” method on
the market in 2014. This method uses renewable raw materi-
als from certified sustainable production in place of fossil
resources from the very beginning of the value chain in the
existing Production Verbund. Savings of fossil resources are
calculated for each product. The formulation and quality of
the end products remain unchanged. The method is currently
applied for BASF products, such as superabsorbents, engi-
neering plastics and dispersions, that are accordingly inde-
pendently certified. We have been selling mass-balanced
BASF polyamide since 2014.

Management’s Report 95

Responsibility along the value chain — Raw materials

Transportation Customers

Succinity GmbH, our joint venture with Corbion Purac, started
up a facility for the commercial production of bio-based
succinic acid in 2014. The plant, located in Montmeld, Spain,
has an annual capacity of 10,000 metric tons. This process
employs a bacterium that creates succinic acid naturally from
various renewable raw materials. The succinic acid generated
through these means has a better carbon footprint than that
produced from fossil resources, which allows us to provide
our customers with an economically and environmentally
viable alternative to petrochemical raw materials. Succinic
acid is a versatile chemical intermediate, used for example in
the production of bioplastics, solvents, polyurethanes and
plasticizers.

Since 2013, we have also provided our customers with
1,4-butanediol on a commercial scale using sugars as a
renewable feedstock based on a licensing agreement with the
company Genomatica Inc. Butanediol and its derivatives are
used, for example, to manufacture plastics for the automotive
and textile industries. In 2014, the polymer and fiber manu-
facturer INVISTA announced the commercial availability of
bio-based LYCRA® brand spandex fibers; based on BASF’s
butanediol, these are made from renewable raw materials.

BASF is invested in the technology company Renmatix
Inc., which owns a method for obtaining industrial sugar from
biomass. This technology can expand the base of renewable
resources for future processes. The partners announced a
collaboration for the further development of the method at the
end of 2013.

Together with Cargill and the German governmental agen-
cy for international cooperation, we also continued our project
for the economical, environmentally friendly and_ socially
responsible production of coconut oil in the Philippines. Our
goal is to develop and implement sustainability standards
for the certification and production of this oil. As a member
of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil, BASF is involved
in projects which include the conservation of biodiversity in
the cultivation of palm oil. By 2015, we aim to use palm and
palm kernel oil only from agriculture certified according to
sustainability criteria.

96 Management's Report BASF Report 2014
Responsibility along the value chain — Raw materials

Mineral raw materials

We investigate the origins of the minerals we use to see if they
come from conflict mines, and reserve the right to conduct an
external audit; we also reserve the right to, if necessary,
terminate our business relationship with that supplier. Through
a standardized questionnaire, new suppliers must disclose
to us in advance if their products contain conflict minerals.
Our suppliers have confirmed to us that they do not source
their minerals from the Democratic Republic of Congo or its
neighboring countries.

Preserving ecosystems

= Our production sites reviewed for proximity
to internationally protected areas

a MAQS? Beehive Strip launched in key European
markets

Biodiversity forms the foundation of ecosystem services.
Internationally protected areas play a critical role in maintain-
ing biodiversity around the world. This is why, in 2014, we
once again investigated our production sites to discover
which are located near internationally protected areas: 2% of
our production sites (excluding Oil & Gas) are adjacent to a
Ramsar Site and 1% to a Category |, Il or Ill protected area of
the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
None of our production sites are adjacent to a UNESCO
protected area. We did not discover any impact of our activi-
ties on biodiversity in these areas in 2014.

Moreover, we develop products that contribute to the
preservation of biodiversity. For example, together with our
Canadian partner NOD Apiary Products, we launched the
MAQS? Beehive Strip in numerous key markets in Europe in
2014. These strips offer honeybees protection from the varroa
mite, which is considered the greatest threat to bee health.

®

BASF Report 2014

Management’s Report 97

Responsibility along the value chain — Responsible Care Management System

Responsible Care Management System

Suppliers Transportation

We act responsibly as an integral part of society and have
set out the framework for our voluntary commitments in
our Responsible Care Management System. We never
compromise on the safety and security of our employees,
contractors and neighbors as well as our facilities, trans-
portation and products.

Strategy

Updated process safety strategy
Review of management system for process
safety intensified in all regions

= Further standardization of safety review
documentation

BASF’s Responsible Care Management System comprises
the global rules, standards and procedures for environmental
and health protection, safety and security for the various
stations along our value chain. Our regulations cover the
transportation of raw materials, activities at our sites and
warehouses, and distribution of our products as well as our
customers’ application of the products. At our sites, we
address energy and climate protection as one of the topics
covered by our energy management. Specifications for imple-
menting these measures are laid out in binding directives that
are introduced in consultation with employee representatives.
These describe the relevant responsibilities, requirements and
assessment methods. We regularly conduct audits to monitor
our performance and progress, and apply the findings for our
continual improvement.

We set ourselves ambitious goals for environmental and
health protection, safety and security. Our guidelines and
requirements are constantly updated. In 2014, for example,
we updated our safety strategies for the continual improve-
ment of process safety and intensified management system
reviews in all regions. We also standardized the reporting of
safety reviews through the use of a software program.

We assess risks in all areas ranging from research and
production to logistics, and how these could affect the
environment, the surrounding community or the safety and
security of our employees. In our databases, we document
accidents, near misses and safety-related incidents at our
sites as well as along our transportation routes. We foster
awareness of workplace safety and safe behavior in every
individual with our worldwide safety initiatives.

=! For more on Responsible Care, see basf.com/responsible-care_e

Production

Transportation Customers

Audits
a Short-notice audits conducted at 28 sites

Regular audits help ensure that standards are met for environ-
mental and health protection, safety and security. We carry
out audits at BASF sites and at companies in which BASF is
a majority shareholder. We have defined our regulations for
Responsible Care audits in a global Group directive. During
our audits, we create an environmental, safety and security
profile that shows if our performance is sufficient to properly
address the existing hazard potential. If this is not the case,
we agree on measures and conduct follow-up audits on their
implementation soon afterward. One result of the audits
showed the necessity of swiftly implementing new guidelines
and processes, for example.

Our internal audit system complies with the standards for
external auditing procedures ISO 19011 and OHSAS 18001.
Worldwide, 191 BASF production sites are certified in accor-
dance with ISO 14001 (2013: 200). We conducted short-
notice audits on various topics worldwide in 2014, which
included facility inspections and document reviews. In 2014,
121 environmental, safety and security audits were carried
out at 88 sites, along with 73 short-notice audits. We audited
48 sites with respect to occupational medicine and health
protection.

an For more on occupational safety and health protection,
see page 99 onward

®

Costs and provisions for environmental protection in the
BASF Group (in million €)

2013

Operating costs for environmental protection 893
Investments in new and improved environ-

mental protection plants and facilities’ 325
Provisions for environmental protection

measures and remediation? 601

‘Investments comprise end-of-pipe measures as well as integrated environmental
protection measures.
2 Values shown refer to December 31 of the respective year.
98 Management's Report

BASF Report 2014

Responsibility along the value chain — Safety, security and health — Transportation and storage

Safety, security and health
Transportation and storage

Suppliers Transportation Production

Our regulations and measures for transportation and
warehouse safety cover the delivery of raw materials, the
storage and distribution of chemical products among
BASF sites and customers, and the transportation of
waste from our sites to the disposal facilities.

Strategy

mu Revised Group directive for transportation safety
a Updated process descriptions for classification of
hazardous materials

We applied the experiences of past years to update our
Group directive for transportation safety in 2014. This included
specifying responsibilities within our worldwide network and
ensuring consistent standards. We also revised process
descriptions for classification and product clearance in accor-
dance with dangerous goods regulations. In doing so, we
ensure that chemical products are classified according to
globally uniform standards in line with transportation law, and
are cleared for their various modes of transport.

In 2014, we nearly achieved our goal of reducing the
number of transportation accidents worldwide by 70%, or to
0.17 per 10,000 shipments, between 2003 and 2020 (0.20
accidents, which represents a reduction of 64.3%). At 35, the
absolute number of transportation accidents was at a very
low level. The number of product spillages during shipment in
2014 amounted to 0.23 per 10,000 shipments (2013: 0.23).

In 2014, third-party negligence in the delivery of raw
materials to a BASF site in India led to a serious transportation
accident.

2020 Goal
Fewer transportation accidents

per 10,000 shipments
Baseline 2003

—/0%

Transportation accidents per 10,000 shipments
(Reduction compared with baseline 2003: -64.3%)

Baseline
2003 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

2020 Goal

0.18 0.20 —10%

Transportation Customers

Accident prevention and assistance

= Audits conducted for safety in container shipping
a Risk assessment guideline implemented

We stipulate worldwide requirements for our logistics service
providers and assess them in terms of safety and quality. In
2014, we evaluated around 600 companies in all regions. Our
experts use our own evaluation and monitoring tools as well
as internationally approved schemes.

We audited large-scale warehouses at our two European

Verbund sites in 2014 to increase safety in container shipping,
focusing on container loading and the accompanying docu-
ments.
We evaluate the risks in transporting raw materials with
high hazard potential: To further push uniform transportation
safety standards in the chemical industry, we worked with the
European Chemical Industry Council, CEFIC, to develop a
guideline for conducting risk assessments in 2013. We imple-
mented this guideline worldwide in 2014. Based on it, risk
assessments were conducted for naphtha in China, acrylic
acid in Thailand and butyl acrylate in Brazil. More than 1,000
employees at our three European sites in Antwerp, Belgium,
and Schwarzheide and Ludwigshafen, Germany, took part in
our practical dangerous goods training using walk-in tank
wagons and tank containers.

Furthermore, we raised our supply chain safety standards
even higher in 2014. We specified measures for the danger-
ous goods inspections performed in our logistics processes.
The new process description based on this is initially valid
throughout Europe, and will be subsequently carried over to
the other regions.

Activities in external networks

We are actively involved in external networks that quickly
provide information and assistance in emergencies. These
include the International Chemical Environmental (ICE) initia-
tive and the German Transport Accident Information and
Emergency Response System (TUIS), in which BASF plays a
coordinating role. In 2014, we provided assistance to other
companies in around 200 cases worldwide. We apply the
experience we have gathered to set up similar systems in
other countries: In 2014, we provided support in the form of
utorials and seminars, for example.

—! For more, see basf.com/distribution_safety
and basf.com/emergency_response

cS)

BASF Report 2014

Production

Management’s Report
Responsibility along the value chain — Safety, security and health — Production

Suppliers Transportation

We never compromise on safety. For occupational safety
and health protection, we rely on comprehensive preven-
tive measures in addition to the involvement of all
employees and contractors. Our global safety and secu-
rity concepts serve to protect our employees, contractors
and neighbors as well as to prevent property damage and
protect information and company assets. In this way, we
help prevent production outages and damage to the
environment.

Global goals

We have set ourselves ambitious goals for occupational
safety and health protection. By 2020, we want to reduce the
number of work-related accidents per million working hours
by 80% to 0.65 work-related accidents compared with base-
line 2002. We measure our performance in health protection
using the Health Performance Index (HPI). The HPI comprises
five components: confirmed occupational diseases, medical
emergency drills, first aid training, preventive medicine and
health promotion’.

ian For more on the management approach, see page 97

2020 Goal Annual goal

Reduce work-related accidents
per one million working hours
Baseline 2002

—809

Occupational safety

Health protection
Health Performance Index
Maximum score 1.0

>0.9

a Employees receive training worldwide on improving
skills in safe behavior

In order to achieve our ambitious goal for occupational
safety, we particularly rely on the commitment of our employ-
ees and on clearly defined safety rules. In 2014, approximately
75,000 employees and contractors at around 300 sites
actively participated in our worldwide safety initiatives.

We especially promote safe conduct through our system-
atic risk assessments, seminars and worldwide safety stan-
dards, and we regularly audit their implementation. Beyond
legally prescribed safety instructions, we provided more than
49,000 employees around the world with intensive training on
the topic of occupational safety in 2014. This included further
training for around 14,000 employees at our “Safety Champi-
ons Training Center” at the Ludwigshafen site in order to boost
safety-conscious behavior and prevent work-related acci-
dents.

Production

Transportation Customers

In 2014, 1.5 work-related accidents per million working hours
occurred at BASF sites worldwide (2013: 1.4), of which 5%
were related to chemicals. Compared with baseline 2002, the
lost-time injury rate declined by 54.5%. We want to achieve
further reductions by constantly strengthening our safety cul-
ture. There were 1.8 work-related accidents per million working
hours for contractors in 2014 (2013: 2.1). We recorded no fatal
work-related accidents in 2014.

| For more on occupational safety, see basf.com/occupational_safety

Lost-time injuries per million working hours
(Reduction from baseline 2002: -54.5%)

Baseline

2002 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

2020 Goal
80%

Health protection

a 2014 focuses on back health
a Regular health promotion programs offered to
employees

Our global health management serves to promote and main-
tain the health and productivity of our employees. This was
supported by numerous emergency drills and health promo-
tion measures in 2014. Worldwide standards for occupational
medicine and health protection within BASF are specified in a
directive that is implemented by a global network of experts.
We regularly conduct occupational medical audits to monitor
our performance.

With a Health Performance Index of 0.91, we were able to
fulfill the ambitious goal of exceeding 0.9 each year (2013:
0.89). Our 2014 global employee health campaign centered
on maintaining a healthy back. In 2015, the focus will be on
good nutrition. We raise employee awareness of these topics
through offers tailored toward specific target groups.

The BASF health checks introduced in 2013 form the
foundation of our global health promotion program and are
offered to employees at regular intervals.

| For more on occupational medicine, health promotion campaigns and
the HPI, see basf.com/health_protection

‘Each component contributes a maximum of 0.2 to the total score. The highest possible score is 1.0. Our goal is to reach a value of more than 0.9 every year.

99
100 Management’s Report

Responsibility along the value chain — Safety, security and health — Production

Process safety

a Safety concepts updated and improved
a Global requirements introduced for explosion
protection

When designing a new facility, we focus on prevention and
apply a five-step review system from conception to startup.
It involves early consideration of the most important aspects
of safety and protection of health and the environment,
and monitors these in every stage of planning. We use a risk
matrix to assess the estimated probability and potential
impact of risks, and stipulate appropriate protective mea-
sures.

In order to constantly improve the safety of our produc-
tion facilities worldwide, we are continuing to update the
safety concepts in all of our plants. We review their implemen-
tation in ten-year intervals in plants with a medium to high
hazard potential. In 2014, we used software to standardize
the documentation of safety reviews. Moreover, we further
intensified the supervision of the process safety management
system in all regions. In order to further improve explosion
protection in our production plants, we introduced a
global requirement in 2014. We enhanced our training
measures for process safety in 2014 and instructed more
than 11,000 employees worldwide.

Since 2008, we have used the number of process safety
incidents as a key indicator, using the definition set by the
European Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC). This KPI com-
prises fire, explosions and the release of substances. In 2014,
this KPI was at 2.1 incidents per million working hours. We
perform a detailed investigation into every incident, analyze
the root causes and use the findings to further optimize our
process safety.

We continue to take part in a working group of the Inter-
national Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA) for the
development of a globally standardized KPI system for pro-
cess safety.

| For more on process safety, see basf.com/process_safety

BASF Report 2014

Hazard prevention and corporate security

a Requirements defined for emergency response and
fire prevention

a SPIDER Emergency Response and Information
Center Verbund implemented in Europe

In order to ensure uniformly high standards around the world
for safety and security, health and environmental protection,
we stipulated requirements for emergency response planning
and fire prevention in the BASF Group in 2014. We are pre-
pared for potential incidents in our production plants with
specific emergency response plans that involve, depending
on the situation, partners and suppliers as well as cities,
communities and neighboring companies.

We regularly check our emergency systems and drill
procedures with employees, contractors and local authorities.
In 2014, we implemented our SPIDER Emergency Response
and Information Center Verbund in Europe, which enables
experts from the site fire department, emergency medica
eam, site security and environmental protection around
Europe to work together even more quickly and reliably across
different sites. Our central emergency response supports
local emergency response units around the world and around
he clock.

We audit and review how measures are implemented
or the comprehensive protection of our employees and
he company — for example, from loss of knowledge — as wel
as for the worldwide protection of our sites against third-
party interference. All of our security personnel have been
instructed on aspects of human rights related to site security,
such as the right to liberty and security of person. We also
require all contractors involved in this area to comply with
human rights and we conduct regular inspections. Invest-
ment projects are analyzed for potential risks in planned
production facilities and for the safety, security and health
of our employees. Business travelers, transferees, and local
employees in countries with elevated security risks are
informed about appropriate protection measures and indi
vidually counseled where necessary.

In 2014, we built up our worldwide network of information
protection officers to more than 600. They carry out our
globally mandatory requirements and conduct seminars on
safety-conscious behavior. In addition, more than 2,800
employees took part in information protection training mea-
sures in 2014.

—! For more on corporate security, visit basf.com/corporate-security

For more on emergency response, see basf.com/emergency_response

i)
BASF Report 2014

Products

Production

Suppliers Transportation

We review the safety of our products from research to
production and finally to our customers’ use of the prod-
ucts. We work continually to ensure that our products
pose no risk to people or the environment when they are
used responsibly and in the manner intended.

Strategy

a Global directives with uniformly high standards for
product stewardship

We ensure uniformly high standards for product stewardship
worldwide and our voluntary initiatives go beyond legal
requirements. We monitor the implementation of our guide-
ines with regular audits.

We provide extensive information on our chemical sales
products to our customers and the public with safety data
sheets in more than 30 languages. This is achieved with the
help of a global database in which we maintain and evaluate
continuously updated environmental, health and safety data
or our substances and products. Our global emergency
hotline network provides information around the clock.

We offer our customers training in the safe use of our
products and keep them informed early on of any changes in
regulations. For example, a new E.U. directive requires
customers to mark their products with additional warnings for
allergy sufferers starting in 2015. We assist them by providing
comprehensive information so that our customers can fulfill
these additional obligations. With an eye on consumer pro-
tection criteria, we also work continuously with our customers
on the optimization of our products. Furthermore, we use our
Eco-Efficiency Analysis to advise our customers on the evalu-
ation of product risks and support them in improving the
carbon footprint of their products.

With our global goals for risk assessment, we are sup-
porting the implementation of initiatives such as the Global
Product Strategy (GPS) of the International Council of Chemi-
cal Associations (ICCA). GPS is establishing worldwide stan-
dards and best practices to improve the safe management of
chemical substances. In addition, we are also involved in
workshops and training seminars in developing countries and
emerging markets. In 2014, for example, we conducted train-
ing sessions for chemical industry representatives on GPS in
China, Ghana, India, Russia and Thailand. In order to facilitate
public access to information, we are participating in the setup
of an ICCA online portal that provides more than 4,100 GPS
safety summaries.

=! For more on GPS, see basf.com/gps_e

Management’s Report 104

Responsibility along the value chain — Safety, security and health — Products

Transportation Customers

Global goals

By 2020, we will conduct risk assessments for all substances
and mixtures BASF sells worldwide in quantities of more than
one metric ton per year. We already reached 61.4% of this
goal in 2014 (2013: 56%). The risk associated with using a
substance is determined by the combination of its hazardous
properties and its potential exposure to people and the
environment.

2020 Goals
Risk assessment of products

that we sell in quantities of more
than one metric ton per year

>99%

REACH and other legal requirements

a Third registration phase of REACH begun

After completing the second registration phase in 2013, we
are now working continually on registering substances
produced in volumes between one and one hundred metric
tons per year for the third registration deadline of the E.U.
chemicals regulation, REACH. We expect to be done by
2018. At the same time, we also constantly update the
existing registration dossiers and support the relevant E.U.
member state authorities in evaluating an increasing number
of substances. When it comes to REACH, we maintain close
contact with our customers and suppliers.

Another contribution BASF makes to_ international
chemical safety is through our support of the United Nations’
initiative to implement a Globally Harmonized System of
Classification and Labeling of Chemicals.

ian For more on auditing of suppliers, see page 93 onward
102 Management’s Report

Responsibility along the value chain — Safety, security and health — Products

Ecological and toxicological testing

a Use of alternative and complementary methods for
animal studies

Before launching products on the market, we subject them to
a variety of ecological and toxicological testing. We apply
state-of-the-art Knowledge in the research and development
of our products. We only conduct animal studies when they
are required by law. In some cases, animal studies are stipu-
lated by REACH and other national legislation outside the
European Union in order to obtain more information on the
properties and effects of chemical products.

We adhere to the specifications laid down by the German
Animal Welfare Act as well as the requirements of the Associ-
ation for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal
Care - the highest standard for laboratory animals in the
world. We are continually developing and optimizing alterna-
tive and complementary methods, and put these into practice
whenever possible and accepted by the authorities. BASF
spent €2.8 million for this purpose in 2014. We use alternative
and complementary methods in more than a third of our tests.
Currently, 27 alternative methods are being used in our labs
and another 16 are in the development stage. One focus area
of our research in 2014 and subsequent years is the develop-
ment of alternative methods for testing the potential of
substances that negatively affect organisms’ growth and
development.

Furthermore, our “Experimental Toxicology and Ecotoxi-
cology” department became a member of the European
Union Network of Laboratories for the Validation of Alternative
ethods (EU-NETVAL) in 2014.

For more on alternative methods, see basf.com/alternative_methods

BASF Report 2014

Management of new technologies

= Continual safety research on nano- and
biotechnology

New technologies such as nanotechnology or biotechnology
offer solutions for key societal challenges — for example, in the
areas of climate protection or health and nutrition.

We developed a “Nanotechnology Code of Conduct” that
stipulates the safe handling of nanomaterials. We are
constantly expanding our knowledge of nanomaterial safety.
Over the past years, we have conducted more than 180 toxi-
cological and ecotoxicological studies and participated in
around 30 different projects related to the safety of nanoma-
terials. We published the results in 66 scientific articles. One
important finding is that toxicity is determined not by the size
of the particles but by the intrinsic properties of the substance.

Since 2014, we have been developing a strategy for the
targeted study and classification of nanomaterials within the
framework of the European Centre for Ecotoxicology and
Toxicology of Chemicals (ECETOC). Based on the results of
our investigations into nanomaterial safety, we have proposed
a tiered approach for testing and evaluating nanomaterials
for REACH. We are working with the European Chemicals
Agency (ECHA), the OECD and national authorities on its
further development.

In the use of biotechnology, we follow the code of conduct
of EuropaBio, the European association for biotechnology
industries. We constantly improve our product safety activities
in the field of biotechnology in order to effectively minimize
potential risks and ensure that all standards and national laws
are met. Our internal risk management is based on the
protection of people, animals and the environment. We imple-
mented a scorecard system to monitor the risks of working
with biotechnology. It ensures compliance with standards and
transparent processes at BASF.

GI For more on nanotechnology and the Nanotechnology Code of
Conduct, see basf.com/nanotechnology

For more on biotechnology, see basf.com/biotechnology

i)
BASF Report 2014

Environment
Energy and climate protection

Management’s Report 103

Responsibility along the value chain — Environment — Energy and climate protection

Suppliers Transportation Production

As a company in an energy-intensive industry, we are
committed to energy efficiency and global climate
protection. An important contribution to this is made by
our efforts to continue reducing emissions along the
value chain, and by our climate protection products. We
utilize energy-efficient production processes and efficient
technologies to generate steam and electricity. We have
implemented a comprehensive energy management
program.

Strategy

a Weare committed to energy efficiency and global
climate protection along the value chain

a Weaim to certify our energy management system
worldwide

We want to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in our produc-
tion and along the entire value chain. We have thoroughly
analyzed the greenhouse gas emissions from our production
in the past few years and implemented comprehensive reduc-
tion measures. This is how, for example, we have been able
to reduce nitrous oxide emissions by 95% since 1997.

To supply our production sites with energy, we rely on
highly efficient combined heat and power plants with gas and
steam turbines and the use of heat released by production
processes. Comparisons with European emissions trading
benchmarks show that our greenhouse gas-intensive chemi-
cal plants also operate at above-average efficiency. Around
50% of BASF Group emissions in 2014 resulted from steam
and electricity generation in our power plants as well as in our
energy suppliers’ power plants.

Our success also depends on the long-term security and
competitiveness of our energy supplies. Furthermore, we are
committed to energy management that helps us analyze and
continue to improve the energy efficiency of our plants. In
2014, we were able to finalize the DIN EN ISO 50001 certifi-
cation of our energy management systems at BASF SE as
well as the great majority of German production sites. More-
over, our site in Tarragona, Spain, and our four sites in South
Korea also received this certification.

Transportation Customers

We offer our customers solutions that help prevent green-
house gas emissions and improve energy efficiency. About a
third of our total annual research spending goes toward the
development of these products and the optimization of our
processes.

Our climate protection activities are based on compre-
hensive emissions controlling. We report on greenhouse
gas emissions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas
Protocol Standard, as well as the sector-specific standard for
the chemical industry. According to CDP, an international
organization that analyzes companies’ climate protection
data, BASF is among the top companies in the world in terms
of transparency and completeness in climate protection
reporting. In reporting to CDP, our experts perform an annual
analysis of the opportunities and risks that climate change
poses for BASF.
jo For more on climate protection, see basf.com/climate_protection

jan For more on the Responsible Care Management System, see page 97

Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions per metric ton of sales
product in BASF operations excluding Oil & Gas"? (in %)

2002 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

Baseline | +0.1
42

—28.9 | | | |

2020 Goal 34.6 33.4 —34.1 —33.9
40%

' The figures for the 2011 business year and earlier were not adjusted to the new
accounting and reporting standards IFRS 10 and 11. For more information on our data
collection methods, see page 4.

2 The figures for the 2012 business year and earlier were not adjusted to the newly
applied factors for global warming potential. For more information on our data collection
methods, see page 104.

104 Management's Report

Responsibility along the value chain — Environment — Energy and climate protection

BASF Report 2014

BASF Group’s greenhouse gas emissions according to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol’ (1,000 metric tons of CO, equivalents)

GWP factor GWP factor
BASF operations including Oil & Gas (2002)? (2013, 2014)? 2002 2013 2014
Scope 1
CO, (carbon dioxide) 1 1 14,634 16,976 16,774
N,O (nitrous oxide) 310 298 6,407 759 669
CH, (methane) 21 25 244 87 70
HFC (hydrofluorocarbons)? 140-11,700 12-14,800 61 81 99
SF, (sulfur hexafluoride) 23,900 22,800 0) 1 0
Scope 2
co, 1 1 5,243 3,987 3,911
Total 26,589 21,890 21,523
Sale of energy to third parties (Scope 1)°
Co, 1 1 347 927 838
Total 26,936 22,817 22,361
Offsets (certificates sold)* 0 142 0
Total including offsets 26,936 22,959 22,361

‘BASF reports separately on direct and indirect emissions from the purchase of energy. Scope 1 emissions encompass both direct emissions from production and generation
of steam and electricity, as well as direct emissions from the generation of steam and electricity for sale. Scope 2 emissions comprise indirect emissions from the purchase of

energy for BASF use.

2 GWP factor: global warming potential of the individual gases expressed as a factor of CO, emissions. The GWP factor is based on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
(IPCC) 1995 (2002 emissions) and IPCC 2007, errata table 2012 (2013 and 2014 emissions). HFC (hydrofluorocarbons) are calculated using the GWP factors of the individual

components.

% Also includes sale to BASF Group companies; as a result, emissions reported under Scope 2 can be reported again in some cases.
4 Voluntary Carbon Units (VCU) certificates from measures to reduce emissions, which were sold to third parties

Global goals

a Reduction of 33.9% in specific greenhouse gas
emissions in 2014 compared with baseline 2002

a Energy efficiency increases by 19.0% in 2014
compared with baseline 2002

By 2020, we aim to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions per
metric ton of sales product by 40% compared with baseline
2002. We achieved a reduction of 33.9% in 2014 (2013:
reduction of 34.1%). Since 1990, we have been able to lower
our overall greenhouse gas emissions from BASF operations
(excluding Oil & Gas) by 48.8% and even reduce specific
emissions by 74.1%.

By 2020, we want to improve the energy efficiency of our
production processes by 35% compared with 2002. We were
able to achieve an increase of 19.0% in 2014 (2013: 19.8%).
This slight reduction compared with the previous year was
attributable in part to the lower capacity utilization of our
combined heat and power plants.

2020 Goal

2020 Goal

Reduce greenhouse gas
emissions per metric ton
of sales product

Baseline 2002

BASF operations excluding
Oil & Gas

-40

In 2014, we already nearly achieved our 2020 goal of reducing
carbon emissions per amount and distance of transported
natural gas by 10% compared with 2010 in the natural gas
transportation business. GASCADE is no longer fully consoli-
dated in the Group financial statements; since January 1,
2014, it has been considered an associated company and
accounted for using the equity method. For this reason, we
are no longer reporting on our goal to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions in the natural gas transport business.

Increase energy efficiency
Baseline 2002

BASF operations excluding
Oil & Gas

+35%

BASF Report 2014

Energy supply of the BASF Group 2014

Electricity supply 2

1 Internally generated 64% Electricity
15.1 million =a
2 Purchased 36% MWh

w

\ |
Steam supply
1 Internally generated 52%
2 Steam
2 Waste heat 45% 51.2 million —_

3 Purchased 3% metric tons

Energy supply and efficiency

a Verbund system as important component of our
energy efficiency strategy

a Research projects initiated on use of renewable
energy sources

Gas and steam turbines in our combined heat and power
plants enable us to fulfill around 70% of the electricity demand
of the BASF Group. Compared with separate methods of
generating steam and electricity, we saved 11.8 million MWh
of fossil fuels and prevented 2.4 million metric tons of carbon
emissions in 2014. The Verbund system is an important
component of our energy efficiency strategy: Waste heat from
one plant’s production process is used as energy in other
plants. In this way, we saved around 17.9 million MWh in
2014, which corresponds to a savings of 3.6 million metric
tons’ worth of carbon emissions. With combined power and
steam generation as well as our continuously enhanced
Energy Verbund, we were thus able to prevent 6 million metric
tons of carbon emissions in 2014.

We were able to further optimize the resource and energy
consumption of our production in numerous projects around
the world in 2014. Various process improvements led to
steam and electricity savings. We further intensified heat
integration so that usable heat from production processes is
not released into the environment, but instead provides
energy to the plants. For example, we increased energy
efficiency for our butadiene and ethylene oxide facilities in
Ludwigshafen by optimizing the plant control systems.

We also rely on locally available energy sources for the
supply of energy at our sites. Especially in the growing Asian
market, we and our energy suppliers must make use of coal
as an energy source to a certain extent, since the more
climate-friendly natural gas is not available in sufficient quan-
tities at competitive prices.

Management’s Report 1405

Responsibility along the value chain — Environment — Energy and climate protection

Fossil and residual fuels used for power generation in
power plants of the BASF Group

82% Natural gas
© 30.3 million MWh
1 X Heating oil
© 03 million MWh

Coal
3 % LI million MWh

14% Residual fuels
© 5.1 million MWh
Total: 36.8 millionMWh

We are exploring the use of renewable energies. These can
only become a permanent part of our energy mix if they are
competitive in terms of supply security and cost. With
numerous research projects, we contribute to increasing
the efficiency of technologies for the use of renewable energy
sources. For example, Deutsche Nanoschicht GmbH - a
100% subsidiary of BASF - has developed an innovative
method for producing high-temperature superconductors in
a more efficient and environmentally friendly manner. In
cooperation with the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology,
high-temperature superconductors are to be optimized for
various applications in energy technology.

Increase in energy efficiency of production processes
in BASF operations excluding Oil & Gas' (in %)

2020 Goal
+35%
33> 25.7
21.6 —_ 21.9 198 190
15.8
2002 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Baseline

' The figures for the 2011 business year and earlier were not adjusted to the new
accounting and reporting standards IFRS 10 and 11. For more information on our data
collection methods, see page 4.
106 Management's Report

Responsibility along the value chain — Environment — Energy and climate protection

BASF Report 2014

Key indicators for energy and climate protection in BASF operations excluding Oil & Gas

Baseline 2002" 2013
Greenhouse gas emissions? (million metric tons of CO, equivalents) 24.713 20.708
Specific greenhouse gas emissions
(metric tons of CO, equivalents per metric ton of sales product) 0.897 0.591
Primary energy demand $ (million MWh) 55.759 59.164
Energy efficiency (metric tons of sales product per MWh) 0.494 0.592

' The values for baseline 2002 were not adjusted to reflect the newly applied global warming potential factors.
2 Scope 1 and Scope 2 according to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Standard, excluding emissions from the generation of steam and electricity for sale to third parties

° Primary energy used in BASF’s plants as well as in the plants of our energy suppliers to cover energy demand for production processes

Corporate carbon footprint and climate
protection products

a Reporting on greenhouse gas emissions along the
entire value chain

u Customers’ use of climate protection products sold
in 2014 avoids 520 million metric tons of carbon
equivalents

BASF has been publishing a comprehensive corporate carbon
footprint since as early as 2008. This reports on all emissions
along the value chain and shows the volume of emissions
prevented through the use of our climate protection products.
We plan our climate protection activities along the value chain
based on our corporate carbon footprint. In 2014, for
example, we implemented a technical improvement in our
steel drums together with one of our packaging material
suppliers. This reduced the amount of raw materials needed
for production and decreased the emission of greenhouse
gases.

Through various measures to reduce our raw material
requirements, the emission of greenhouse gases associated
with producing these raw materials was decreased by a total
of around 100,000 metric tons in 2014.

We reevaluated our product portfolio in terms of sustain-
ability considerations in 2014. This included identifying solu-
tions whose application makes a positive contribution in
terms of climate protection and energy. Dubbed “Accelerator”
products, these are what we focus on when referring to
climate protection products. One example is synthetic sodium
nitrate, used as a heat transfer medium in solar thermal power
plants. This product is used instead of thermal oils. It increas-
es the operating temperature, and with that, electricity yield.

Greenhouse gas emissions along the BASF value chain in 2014'
(in million metric tons of CO, equivalents)

22 BASF
Production (including genera-

21 Disposal
Incineration with energy
tion of steam and electricity) recovery, land Iling (C 12 )

55 Suppliers 5 Transport 52 Customers 4 Other
Purchased products, Transport of products, Emissions from (C 3b, 3c, 5,
services and capital employees’ commuting and the use of end 8, 13, 15)

goods (C 1, 2, 3a) business travel (C 4, 6, 7, 9) products (C 11)

* According to Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 1, 2 and 3 (categories within Scope 3
shown in parentheses)

An analysis of 24 climate protection product groups revealed
hat customers’ use of products sold in 2014 avoids 520 mil-
ion metric tons of CO, equivalents. The calculation of avoided
greenhouse gas emissions was based on the new chemical
industry standard of the ICCA and the World Business Council
or Sustainable Development (WBCSD). Every product makes
an individual contribution in the value chain. Value chains are
assessed in terms of BASF’s economic share of the respec-
ive climate protection product. On average, 11% of the
emissions avoided were attributable to BASF in 2014.

LJ For more on our emissions reporting, see
basf.com/corporate_carbon_footprint

jaa For more on the sustainability analysis of our product portfolio,
see page 31 onward

®

Prevention of greenhouse gas emissions through the use of
BASF products (in million metric tons of CO, equivalents)

Emissions along the entire value chain
Without using BASF’s climate jy
protection products 1,200

Emissions avoided
680 jimmy,

Using BASF’s climate
protection products

520 million metric tons

BASF Report 2014

Water

Suppliers Transportation Production

Water is a fundamental component in our production. We
use water as a coolant, solvent and cleaning agent, as
well as to make our products. We are committed to
responsible water use in our production sites’ water
catchment areas as well as along the entire value chain.
To this end, we have set ourselves global goals.

Strategy

= BASF products contribute to sustainable water
management

We aim to use water as sparingly as possible and further
reduce emissions to water. To do so, we have set out a Group
directive with globally applicable standards. We are exploring
measures for implementing sustainable water management,
especially at production sites in water stress areas. One of our
aims here is to identify savings potential in order to use as little
water as possible, particularly in water stress areas.

We offer our customers solutions that help purify water,
use it more efficiently and reduce pollution. Our water solution
products such as inge® ultrafiltration technology and the
Sokalan® product line make a major contribution to sustain-
ability. In Accra, Ghana, these products were used in the
construction of a desalination plant that can generate up
to 60,000 cubic meters of drinking water per day — enough to
supply half a million people. A future desalination plant in
Jamnagar, India, will feature inge®’s T-Rack® 3.0 ultrafiltration
modules. This will supply one of the largest refinery com-
plexes in the country with up to 170,000 cubic meters of
purified process water per day.

In order to ensure transparency in our reporting on water,
we once again took part in CDP reporting in 2014. We
consider all aspects of the topic of water, including societal

Management’s Report 407

Responsibility along the value chain — Environment — Water

Transportation Customers

implications. For example, we signed the WBCSD's Pledge
or Access to Safe Water, Sanitation and Hygiene at the
Workplace at the end of 2013.

For more on the CDP water survey, visit basf.com/cdp_e

Global goals

a Reduction of emissions to water
a High standards, especially for water stress areas

We have set ourselves the goal of reducing emissions to
water of organic substances and nitrogen by 80% by 2020
compared with baseline 2002; we want to reduce emissions
of heavy metals by 60%.

By 2020, we aim to reduce the withdrawal of drinking
water from supply sources for production by half compared
with baseline 2010. In 2014, we were able to reduce this
amount by 26.3% (2013: 25.3%).

In 2014, we achieved 29.7% of our goal to establish sus-
tainable water management at all sites in water stress areas
by 2020. We pursue this by applying the European Water
Stewardship (EWS) standard. After introducing the standard
at our European sites in 2013, we began its implementation in
North America and China in 2014. We have also introduced
the EWS standard at the Ludwigshafen site, even though it is
not located in a water stress area. An external audit awarded
us gold-level certification in 2014 for our water management
and extensive application of the EWS standard in Lud-
wigshafen and at the production site in Tarragona, Spain. In
total, around 22% of our production sites were located in
water stress areas in 2014. Around 6.5% of total water used
by BASF was abstracted from these areas, of which 85.2%
was seawater.

Reduction of emissions to water in BASF operations excluding Oil & Gas' (in %)

Organic substances Nitrogen Heavy metals
2002 2010 2011 2012 2013-2014 2002 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2002 2010 2011 2012 2013-2014
Baseline Baseline Baseline
2020 Goal
60% S84 60.8 568
2020 Goal -#1.5 BS 2020 Goal
80% 68 = BS 9.5 80% 993

87.2

87.3 86.8 85.4

' The figures for the 2011 business year and earlier were not adjusted to the new accounting and reporting standards IFRS 10 and 11. For more information on our data collection

methods, see page 4.
108 Management’s Report

Responsibility along the value chain — Environment — Water

Water in the BASF Group in 2014 (million cubic meters per year)

BASF Report 2014

Water supply >» Water use » Water discharge
23 > 3
\_| Cooling ral
86 To —Closed-circuit 1 Cooling water 1,644
1 Surface water 1,772 cooling (uncontaminated) (89.4%)
; 4,138
(94.4%) — Flow cooling 2 Wastewater from 182
2. Groundwater 82 (4.4%) 1,631 production (9.9%)
3 Drinking water 23 (1.2%) 4 3 Graywater 12
14% Production (0.7%)
264
1 1

| Total: 1,877 | |

Total: 6,033 | | Total: 1,838

' Total from production processes, graywater, rinsing and puri cation in production

2 The difference between the volume of water supplied and discharged is mainly attributable to evaporation losses during closed-circuit cooling.

2020 Goal 2020 Goal

Reduce the use of drinking Sustainable water manage-
water in production processes ment in water stress areas
Baseline 2010 Baseline 2010

BASF operations excluding BASF operations excluding
Oil & Gas Oil & Gas

—50 100

Fewer emissions

We want to reduce emissions to water of organic substances
and nitrogen by 80% and of heavy metals by 60% compared
with baseline 2002.

BASF operations excluding Oil & Gas

Further reduction of emissions
= Goal achieved to reduce emissions to water

Around 194 million cubic meters of wastewater were discharged
from BASF production sites in 2014 (2013: 192 million cubic
meters). At 3,200 metric tons (2013: 2,900 metric tons), emis-
sions of nitrogen to water were reduced by 85.4% compared
with 2002. Around 18,700 metric tons of organic substances
were emitted in wastewater (2013: 19,700 metric tons), repre-
senting a reduction of 79.5% since 2002. Our wastewater
contained 21.5 metric tons of heavy metals (2013: 21.9 metric
tons), representing a worldwide reduction of 64.8% compared
with 2002. Phosphorus emissions amounted to 341 metric tons
(2013: 339 metric tons). This means we have achieved our goal
of reducing emissions to water.

Our wastewater is treated through different methods depend-
ing on the type and degree of contamination — including
biological processes, oxidation, membrane technologies,
precipitation or adsorption.

To avoid unanticipated emissions, we will review our water
protection concepts at all production sites by the end of
2015. At our sites in Ludwigshafen, Germany, and Geismar,
Louisiana, we expanded online wastewater monitoring in
order to detect unanticipated emissions at an even earlier
stage. These new monitoring systems allow us to track and
analyze relevant pollutants even more quickly and reliably,
and to take measures if necessary. We were also able to fur-
ther optimize the performance of the wastewater treatment
facilities at our Kuantan site in Malaysia.

Water use
a Using water responsibly

We recirculate water as much as it is feasible in order to with-
draw less from supply sources. Our larger sites have recooling
plants that allow water to be reused several times and that
reduce the temperature of used cooling water before it is
discharged back into a body of water. To protect the Rhine
River, we have committed to the step-by-step reduction of
heat input from the Ludwigshafen site when set temperature
limits are exceeded, for example as a result of long heat waves
or low river levels.

The supply, treatment, transportation and recooling of
water is associated with a high energy demand. We employ
various means in our efforts to keep this as low as possible.

i) For more, see basf.com/water

®
BASF Report 2014

Air and soil

Suppliers Transportation Production

We want to further reduce emissions to air from our pro-
duction, protect the soil and prevent waste. We have set
ourselves standards for doing so in a global directive. If
no recovery options are available, we dispose of waste in
a correct and environmentally responsible manner.

Strategy

a Raw Material Verbund helps prevent and reduce
waste
a Professional disposal of hazardous waste

Regular monitoring of our emissions to air is a part of environ-
mental management at BASF. Aside from greenhouse gases,
we also measure emissions of other pollutants into the atmo-
sphere. Our reporting does not take into account air pollutant
emissions from oil and gas operations due to their substantial
fluctuation during exploration phases.

Our Raw Material Verbund helps us prevent and reduce
waste. We regularly carry out audits to inspect external waste
management companies, ensuring that our hazardous waste
is properly disposed of.

2020 Goal

Reduce emissions of air
pollutants
Baseline 2002

—/0

Emissions to air" (in metric tons)
Air pollutants from BASF operations excluding Oil & Gas

Management’s Report 14Q9Q

Responsibility along the value chain — Environment — Air and soil

Transportation Customers

Emissions to air
m= Further reduction of emissions

By 2020, we aim to decrease absolute emissions of air pollut-
ants from our chemical plants worldwide by 70% in comparison
with baseline 2002. In 2014, this reduction was at 63.2%, to
31,505 metric tons (2013: 32,385 metric tons). Emissions of
ozone-depleting substances as defined by the Montreal Proto-
col totaled 36 metric tons in 2014 (2013: 28 metric tons).
Emissions of heavy metals totaled 4 metric tons (2013:
4 metric tons).

We were able to considerably reduce our emissions of
nonmethane volatile organic compounds (NMVOC) in 2014.
This was largely thanks to the increased use of a solvent
recovery plant at our site in Australia, through which around
550 metric tons of emissions can be avoided every year.

In addition, we have, for example, replaced 30 older-
model locomotives with a new fleet of diesel locomotives at
our sites in Ludwigshafen and Schwarzheide in Germany, and
in Antwerp, Belgium, since 2014. The modern locomotives
increase productivity and reduce emissions to air, further
avoiding 300 metric tons of carbon dioxide each year.

2002? 2011 2012 2013 2014
CO (carbon monoxide) 46,208 4,419 4,264 4,547 4,635
NO, (total NO, [nitrogen dioxide] + NO [nitrogen monoxide], calculated as NO,) 15,045 13,003 11,507 11,551 11,697
NMVOCs (nonmethane volatile organic compounds) 15,005 6,127 6,148 5,760 4,881
SO, (total various sulfur oxides) 6,633 4,483 3,423 4,489 4,506
Dust 1,734 3,069 2,858 3,542 3,465
NH,/other (NH, [ammonia] and other inorganic substances) 994 3,263 2,382 2,496 2,321
Total 85,619 34,364 30,581 32,385 31,505

' The figures for the 2011 business year and earlier were not adjusted to the new accounting and reporting standards IFRS 10 and 11. For more information on our data collection

methods, see page 4.
2 Baseline
110 Management's Report BASF Report 2014
Responsibility along the value chain — Environment — Air and soil

Management of waste and contaminated sites

a Reduction of total waste volume
= New database being set up for contaminated sites

We regularly explore possibilities for preventing waste. |
waste is unavoidable, we perform an analysis for recycling or
energy recovery. Total waste volume decreased by 16% in
2014. This was largely attributable to more detailed assess-
ment of waste streams as well as to the reduction in mineral
waste from construction activities.

We develop remediation solutions in order to balance
costs, nature conservation, climate protection concerns, lega
requirements and transportation volumes. After stipulating
global standards for contaminated site management in 2013,
we began working on a database in 2014 containing the mos
significant sites. Current remediation measures around the
world continued to run on schedule in 2014 and planning was
concluded on future landfill remediation projects.

®

Waste management, BASF Group (in million metric tons)

2014 2013

Total waste generation’ 2.07 2.47
Thereof from oil and gas exploration 0.05 0.14
Waste recovered 0.71 0.73
Recycled 0.30 0.31
Thermally recovered 0.41 0.42
Waste disposed of 1.36 1.75
In underground landfills 0.12 0.12
In above-ground landfills 0.52 0.80
Through incineration 0.72 0.82
Classification of waste for disposal*
Nonhazardous waste 0.42 0.44
Hazardous waste 0.94 1.31
Transported hazardous waste 0.23 0.33

* Comprises all production waste and hazardous waste from construction
activities

? The classification of waste into hazardous and nonhazardous waste is
performed according to local regulations.
BASF Report 2014

Forecast
Opportunities and risks report

Opportunities

Potential successes that

exceed our defined goals

The goal of BASF’s risk management is to identify and
evaluate opportunities and risks as early as possible and
to take appropriate measures in order to seize opportuni-
ties and limit business losses. The aim here is to avoid
risks that pose a threat to BASF’s continued existence
and to make improved managerial decisions to create
lasting value. We understand risk to be any event that can
negatively impact the achievement of our short-term
operational or long-term strategic goals. We define
opportunities as possible successes that exceed our
defined goals.

In order to effectively measure and manage identified oppor-
tunities and risks, we quantify these in terms of probability
and economic impact in the event they occur. We use statis-
tical methods to aggregate opportunities and risks into risk
factors. This way, we achieve an overall view of opportunities
and risks at a portfolio level, allowing us to take effective
measures for risk management.

Overall assessment

a Significant risks arise from overall economic
developments and volatility in exchange rates
and margins as well as geopolitical conflicts

a No threat to continued existence of BASF

We expect the global economy to continue to grow in the
next two years. We see significant risks in a considerable
slowdown of the Chinese economy that would result from a
potential real estate market crisis. Such a development
would negatively impact international trade, lower consumer
and investor confidence and majorly dampen global eco-
nomic growth. Any escalation of geopolitical conflicts,
especially that in Ukraine, also poses risks to the global
economy. Important opportunities and risks for our earnings
are also associated with uncertainty regarding growth in
Europe, the development of key customer industries, and
volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and margins.

Risks

Events that can negatively
impact the achievement
of our goals

Management’s Report
Forecast — Opportunities and risks report

Risk management

Identifying opportunities
and risks as early as possible
and planning effective
courses of action

Potential short-term effects on EBIT of key opportunity
and risk factors subsequent to measures taken’

Outlook

Possible variations related to: - 2015 +
Business environment and sector

Market growth PTT TT
Margins PT TT
Competition ity it |
Regulation/policy ity it |
Company-specific opportunities and risks

Purchasing/supply chain Lt} if
nvestments/production itt it |
Personnel |
Acquisitions/cooperations Litt |
nformation technology | |

Law an
Finance

Exchange rate volatility EEE Eee
Other financial opportunities and risks EEE

BH < 50million €
SH! 50million € < 100 million €
SEH! 100 million € < 500 million €

EEEH  ! 500million €

‘ Using a 95% confidence interval per risk factor based on planned values;
summation is not permissible

According to our assessment, there continue to be no signifi-
cant individual risks that pose a threat to the continued
existence of the BASF Group. The same applies to the sum of
individual risks, even in the case of another global economic
crisis.

111
112 Management’s Report

Forecast — Opportunities and risks report

Organization of BASF Group’s risk management

Supervisory Board a

Corporate Audit
>

Chief Compliance Officer |

Corporate

AEDES Controlling

Regions

Risk management process

a Integrated process for identification, assessment
and reporting

a Decentralized management of specific opportunities
and risks

= Aggregation at a Group level

The BASF Group’s risk management process is based on the
international risk management standard COSO II Enterprise
Risk Management — Integrated Framework (2004), and has
the following key features:

Organization and responsibility

—Risk management is the responsibility of the Board of
Executive Directors, which also determines the processes
for approving investments, acquisitions and divestitures.

— The Board of Executive Directors is supported by the cor-
porate units Finance, Corporate Controlling, Strategic
Planning & Controlling and Legal, Taxes & Insurance, as well
as the Chief Compliance Officer. They coordinate the risk
management process at a Group level and provide the
structure and appropriate methodology. Opportunity and
risk management is thus integrated in the strategy, planning
and budgeting processes.

— Anetwork of risk managers in the business and central units
advances the implementation of appropriate risk manage-
ment practices in daily operations.

-—The management of specific opportunities and risks is
largely delegated to the business units and is steered at a
local level. Risks relating to exchange rates and raw mate-
rial prices are an exception. In this case, there is an initial
consolidation at a Group-wide level before derivative hedg-
ing instruments, for example, are used.

— The internal auditing unit (Corporate Audit) is responsible for
regularly auditing the risk management system established

Board of Executive Directors

BASF Report 2014

External Auditors

Corporate Units

Legal, Taxes &

Strategic Planning &
Insurance

Controlling

Verbund Sites

Competence Centers

by the Board of Executive Directors in accordance with
Section 91(2) of the German Stock Corporation Act. Fur-
thermore, as part of its monitoring of the Board of Executive
Directors, the Supervisory Board considers the effective-
ness of the risk management system. Our external auditor
evaluates the establishment and suitability of an early
detection system for risks.

Instruments

— The Risk Management Process Manual, applicable through-
out the Group, forms the framework for risk management
and is implemented by the business units according to their
particular business conditions.

A catalog of opportunity and risk categories helps to identify
all relevant opportunities and risks as comprehensively as
possible.

We use standardized evaluation and reporting tools for the
identification and assessment of risks. The aggregation of
opportunities, risks and sensitivities at the business and
Group level using a Monte Carlo simulation helps us to
identify effects and trends across the company.

Company management is informed about operational
opportunities and risks (observation period of up to one
year) in the monthly management report produced by the
Corporate Controlling unit. In addition, the corporate units
Corporate Controlling and Finance provide information
twice a year about the aggregated opportunity/risk expo-
sure of the BASF Group. Furthermore, if a new individual
risk is identified which has a more than €10 million impact
on earnings or which bears reputational risks, it must be
immediately reported.

As part of our strategy development, the Strategic Planning
unit conducts strategic opportunity/risk analyses with a
ten-year assessment period. These analyses are annually
reviewed as part of strategic controlling and are adapted if
necessary.
BASF Report 2014

Significant features of the internal control and
risk management system with regard to the
Group financial reporting process

a Conducted in accordance with standardized
Group guidelines

a Segregation of duties, four-eyes principle and
clearly regulated access rights

a Annual evaluation of the control environment and
relevant processes at significant companies and
divisions

The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared by a unit
in the corporate division Finance. BASF Group’s accounting
process is based on a uniform accounting guideline that sets
out accounting policies and the significant processes and
deadlines on a Group-wide basis. There are binding directives
for the internal reconciliations and other accounting opera-
tions. Standard software is used to carry out the accounting
processes for the preparation of the individual financial state-
ments as well as for the Consolidated Financial Statements.
There are clear rules for the access rights of each participant
in these processes.

Employees involved in the accounting and reporting
process meet the qualitative requirements and participate in
training on a regular basis. There is a clear assignment of
responsibilities between the specialist units, companies and
regional service units involved. We strictly adhere to the
segregation of duties and the four-eyes principle. Complex
actuarial reports and evaluations are produced by specialized
service providers or specially qualified employees.

Our internal control system for financial reporting continu-
ously monitors these principles. To this end, methods are
provided for the structured and Group-wide uniform evalua-
tion of the internal control system in financial reporting.

The significant risks for the BASF Group regarding a reli-
able control environment and proper financial reporting are
reviewed and updated on an annual basis. Risks are compiled
into a standardized questionnaire and presented in a central
risk catalog.

Management’s Report 4143

Forecast — Opportunities and risks report

A centralized selection process identifies companies and
units that are exposed to particular risks, that have a material
impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements of the BASF
Group, or that provide service processes. The selection pro-
cess is conducted annually. In the relevant companies and
units, one person is given the responsibility of monitoring the
execution of the annual evaluation process.

This process consists of the following steps:

- Evaluation of the control environment

The adherence to internal and external guidelines that are
relevant for the maintenance of a reliable control environment
is checked by means of a standardized questionnaire. This is
supported by sample taking.

- Identification and documentation of control activities

In order to mitigate the risks to the financial reporting process
listed in our central risk catalog, corresponding control activi-
ties are conducted and documented.

- Assessment of the control activities

After documentation, a test is performed to verify whether the
described controls are capable of adequately mitigating the
risks. In the subsequent test phase, samples are taken to test
whether, in practice, the controls were executed as described
and whether they were effective.

- Monitoring of control weaknesses

The managers responsible receive reports on any control
weaknesses identified and their resolution, and an interdisci-
plinary committee investigates their relevance for the BASF
Group. The Board of Executive Directors and the Audit Com-
mittee are informed once control weaknesses have been
identified that have a considerable impact on the financial
reporting.
— Internal confirmation of the internal control system
The managing director and chief financial officer responsible
for each consolidated Group company confirm to the Board
of Executive Directors of BASF SE at the end of the annua
cycle the effectiveness of the internal control system with
regard to accounting as well as the accuracy and reliability o
financial reporting.

414 Management's Report

Forecast — Opportunities and risks report

Short-term opportunities and risks
Development of demand

= Development of our sales markets among greatest
opportunity and risk factors

= Negative impact from economic slowdown in China
and escalation of geopolitical conflicts possible

The development of our sales markets is one of the strongest
drivers of opportunities and risks. More details on our
assumptions regarding short-term growth rates for the global
economy, regions and key customer industries, such as the
chemicals, automotive and construction sectors, can be
found from pages 119 to 121. In accordance with this base-
line scenario, we are planning to achieve volume growth in our
chemicals business in all segments.

In addition to the baseline scenario, we also consider risk
scenarios. We see a significant macroeconomic risk in a
sharper deceleration of China’s economic growth, which
could result from an abatement in the Chinese real estate
market. This would impact the construction industry and its
suppliers, like the concrete, steel and chemical industries, in
addition to real estate services and the finance sector. Such
dampening effects would impair not only China’s domestic
economy, but also chemical industry imports and customer
industries. Furthermore, increasing economic uncertainty
would lead to lower consumer and investor confidence. We
also see risks to the global economy in the further escalation
of geopolitical conflicts, especially in Ukraine.

In these risk scenarios, a demand-related decrease in the
price of oil would be expected, in comparison with our base-
line scenario. The euro would slightly depreciate relative to the
dollar, since economic recovery in the eurozone is fragile and
largely dependent on the development of export demand.
This makes it especially sensitive to changes in the global
economic environment.

Weather-related influences can result in positive or nega-
tive effects on our crop protection business.

Margin volatility

= Oversupply with resulting lower margins possible in
some value chains

a Lower raw material costs result in opportunities and
risks

We mostly anticipate stable margins in 2015. For some prod-
ucts and value chains, it is possible that margin pressure
could be increased by new capacities, for example. This
would have a negative effect on our earnings.

BASF Report 2014

The year’s average oil price for Brent crude was around $99
per barrel in 2014, lower than in the previous year. For 2015,
we anticipate an average oil price of between $60 and $70
per barrel. We therefore expect a low price level for the raw
materials and petrochemical basic products that are impor-
tant to our business. This could positively affect our margins;
however, it would also pose risks for our oil and gas business,
whose earnings dip by approximately €20 million for every $1
decrease in the average annual barrel price of Brent crude.

Regulation and political risks

u_ Risks posed by factors such as regulation of
chemicals use

a _ Intensification of geopolitical tensions

= Opportunities for our catalysts business from
tightening automobile emissions regulations

a Energy policy gives rise to both risks and
opportunities

Due to the European chemicals regulation REACH, which
came into force in 2007, BASF and our European customers
face the risk of being placed at a disadvantage to our non-
European competitors due to the cost-intensive test and
registration procedures.

Other risks for us include further regulation, for example,
of the use of chemicals; the intensification of geopolitical
tensions; the destabilization of political systems; and the
imposition of trade barriers, such as sanctions in Ukraine
crisis or OPEC quotas for oil production. Moreover, we are
closely observing the political situation in Argentina, where
foreign exchange restrictions are making for an increasingly
difficult business environment.

At the beginning of August 2014, the new law for promot-
ing renewable energy sources (“EEG surcharge”) came into
force in Germany. As a result, existing power plants for
self-generated energy will not be subject to the EEG surcharge.
For new power plants, 40% of the EEG surcharge must be
paid. This means that there is currently no additional financial
burden for the electricity BASF generates in its own power
plants. By 2017, however, this different treatment for existing
and new power plants will be checked for compliance with
E.U. law. It is possible that the self-generated energy from
existing power plants would then be partly included in the
EEG surcharge system. That would mean that BASF would
have to pay a proportion of the EEG surcharge, which would
significantly impair our competitiveness at German production
sites.

We view the worldwide support for the expansion of
renewable energy and measures to increase energy efficiency
as an opportunity for increased demand for our products.
For example, we offer diverse solutions for wind turbines in
addition to insulation foams for buildings. Our catalysts
business benefits from the tightening of automobile emissions
regulations.
BASF Report 2014

Delivery bottlenecks

We try to prevent unscheduled plant shutdowns by adhering
0 high technical standards and continuously improving our
plants. We reduce the effects of unscheduled shutdowns
hrough diversification within our global production Verbund.

We minimize procurement risks through our broad portfo-
io, global purchasing activities and the purchase of additional
quantities of raw materials on spot markets. If possible, we
avoid procuring raw materials from a single supplier. When
his cannot be avoided, we try to foster competition or we
knowingly enter into this relationship and assess the conse-
quences of potential non-delivery. We continuously monitor
he credit risk of important business partners, both customers
as well as suppliers.

Information technology risks

a Global procedures and systems for IT security
= Regular training for employees

BASF relies on a number of IT systems. Their nonavailability,
violation of confidentiality or the manipulation of data in critical
IT systems and applications can all have a direct impact on
production and logistics processes. If data are lost or manip-
ulated, this can, for example, negatively affect process safety
and the accuracy of our financial reporting. Unauthorized
access to sensitive data, such as personnel records, compe-
tition-related information or research results, can result in legal
liability consequences or jeopardize our competitive position,
in addition to the loss of reputation associated with this.

To minimize such risks, BASF has global procedures
and systems in place to ensure IT security. These include
stable and redundantly designed IT systems, backup pro-
cesses, virus and access protection, encryption systems, and
integrated, Group-wide standardized IT infrastructure and
applications. The systems used for information security are
continuously tested and updated. In addition, our employees
receive regular training on information and data protection.
[T-related risk management is conducted using uniform regu-
lations for organization and application, as well as an internal
control system based on these regulations.

Management’s Report 415

Forecast — Opportunities and risks report

Litigation and claims

a Internal control system to limit risks
a Employee training as part of Group-wide
Compliance Program

In order to assess the risks from current legal disputes and
proceedings and any potential need to recognize provisions,
we prepare our own analysis and assessment of the circum-
stances and claims considered. In addition, in individual
cases, we consider the results of comparable proceedings
and independent legal opinions. Furthermore, we make
assumptions regarding the probability of occurrence and the
range of potential claims. The actual costs can deviate from
hese estimates.

We use an internal control system to limit risks from
potential infringements of rights or laws. For example, we try
© avoid patent and licensing disputes whenever possible
hrough extensive clearance research. As part of our Group-
wide Compliance Program, our employees receive regular
raining.

an) For more on our Group-wide Compliance Program,
see page 134 onward

Financial opportunities and risks

The management of liquidity, currency and interest rate risks
is conducted in the Treasury unit. The management of
commodity price risks takes place in the Procurement
competence center or in the appropriately authorized Group
companies. Detailed guidelines and procedures exist for
dealing with financial risks. Among other things, they provide
for the segregation of trading and back office functions.

Exchange rate volatility

= Opportunities and risks especially from U.S. dollar
exchange rate fluctuations

Our competitiveness on global markets is influenced by fluc-
tuations in exchange rates. For BASF’s purchasing, opportu-
nities and risks arise in particular when the U.S. dollar
exchange rate fluctuates. A full-year rise in the value of the
U.S. dollar/euro exchange rate by $0.01 would result in an
increase of around €50 million in BASF’s earnings, assuming
other conditions remain the same. On the production side, we
mitigate foreign currency risks by having production sites in
the respective currency zones.

Financial currency risks result from the translation of
receivables, liabilities and other monetary items in accordance
with IAS 21 at the closing rate into the functional currency of
the respective Group company. In addition, we incorporate
planned purchase and sales transactions in foreign currencies
in our financial foreign currency risk management. These risks
are hedged using derivative instruments, if necessary.
116 Management’s Report

Forecast — Opportunities and risks report

Interest rate risks

a Market interest rates and credit risk premiums
to be paid have major impact on financing costs

Interest rate risks result from potential changes in prevailing
market interest rates. These can cause a change in the fair
value of fixed-rate instruments and fluctuations in the interest
payments for variable-rate instruments, which would posi-
tively or negatively affect earnings. To hedge these risks, inter-
est rate swaps and combined interest rate and currency
derivatives are used in individual cases.

In addition to market interest rates, BASF’s financing
costs are determined by the credit risk premiums to be paid.
These are mainly influenced by our credit rating and the
market conditions at the time of issue. In the short to medium
term, BASF is largely protected from the possible effects on
its interest result thanks to the balanced maturity profile of its
financial debt.

Risks from metal and raw material trading

In the catalysts business, BASF employs commodity deriva-
tives for precious metals and trades precious metals on behalf
of third parties and on its own account. In addition, we use
our knowledge of the markets for crude oil and oil products to
generate earnings from the trade of raw materials. To address
specific risks associated with these trades, which are not part
of our operating business, we set and continuously monitor
limits with regard to the type and size of the deals concluded.

Liquidity risks

Risks from fluctuating cash flows are recognized in a timely
manner as part of our liquidity planning. We have access to
extensive liquidity at any time thanks to our good ratings, our
unrestricted access to the commercial paper market and
committed bank credit lines. In the short to medium term,
BASF is largely protected against potential refinancing risks
by a balanced maturity profile for financial indebtedness as
well as through diversification in various financial markets.

an) For more on financial risks, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements from page 210 onward

For more on the maturity profile of our financial indebtedness, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 206

Risk of asset losses

We limit country-specific risks with measures based on inter-
nally determined country ratings, which are continuously
updated to reflect changing environment conditions. We
selectively use export credit insurance and investment guar-
antees to limit specific country-related risks. We lower credit

BASF Report 2014

risks for our financial investments by engaging in transactions
only with banks with good credit ratings and by adhering to
fixed limits. The credit ratings are continuously monitored and
the limits are adjusted accordingly. We reduce the risk of
default on receivables by continuously monitoring the credit-
worthiness and payment behavior of our customers and by
setting appropriate credit limits. Due to the global activities
and diversified customer structure of the BASF Group, there
are no major concentrations of credit default risk. Risks are
also limited through the use of credit insurance and bank
guarantees.

Risk of impairment

The risk of an asset impairment occurs if the assumed interest
rate in an impairment test increases or the predicted cash
flows decline. In the current business environment, we
consider the risk of impairment of individual assets such as
customer relationships, technologies and brands, as well
as goodwill, to be nonmaterial.

Long-term incentive program for senior executives

Our senior executives have the opportunity to participate in a
share-price-based compensation program. The need for
provisions for this program varies according to the develop-
ment of the BASF share price and the MSCI World Chemicals
Index; this leads to a corresponding increase or decrease in
personnel costs.

Risks from pension obligations

We predominantly finance company pension obligations
externally through separate plan assets. This particularly
includes BASF Pensionskasse VVaG and BASF Pensions-
treuhand e.V. in Germany, in addition to the large pension
plans of our Group companies in North America, the United
Kingdom and Switzerland. To address the risk of underfund-
ing due to market-related fluctuations in plan assets, we have
investment strategies that align return and risk optimization to
the structure of the pension obligations. Stress scenarios are
also simulated regularly by means of portfolio analyses.
Furthermore, new employees are almost always offered
defined contribution plans. An adjustment to the interest rates
used in discounting pension obligations leads immediately to
changes in equity.
BASF Report 2014

Long-term opportunities and risks
Long-term demand development

a Annual average growth of around 4% expected in
global chemical production
=u BASF aims for above-average growth

In our “We create chemistry” strategy, we continue to operate
under the assumption that chemical production (excluding
pharmaceuticals) will grow worldwide by an average of around
4% annually until 2020, faster than global gross domestic
product. Although the worldwide chemical industry has grown
more vigorously than the global economy over the last few
years, growth rates in both gross domestic product and in
chemical production have nevertheless been slower than the
“We create chemistry” strategy had predicted. We continue to
strive for sales growth 2 percentage points above the market
through our broad, market-oriented portfolio, which we will
keep strengthening in the years ahead through investments in
new production capacity, R&D activities and acquisitions.

If the continuing sovereign debt crises and other political
crises result in a slackening of global economic growth, these
goals could prove to be too ambitious. As a result of our high
degree of diversification across various customer industries
and regions, we would still expect our growth to be above the
market average, even under these conditions.

aa For more on the “We create chemistry” strategy, see page 22 onward

Development of the competitive and customer
landscape

= Opportunities from active portfolio management
and focus on innovative business areas

We expect competitors from emerging markets to become
increasingly important in the coming years. Furthermore, we
anticipate that many raw material suppliers will broaden their
value chains. We are addressing this risk through active port-
folio management. We exit markets where risks outweigh
opportunities, and in which we do not see satisfactory oppor-
tunities to stand out from our competitors in the long term.
For example, we sold our 50% share in the Styrolution Group,
which produces styrenic plastics.

In order to remain competitive, we continuously improve
our operational excellence. Our strategic excellence program,
STEP, is also contributing to this. Starting at the end of 2015,
we now expect the more than 100 individual projects to
contribute around €1.3 billion to our earnings each year, com-
pared with baseline 2011.

In order to achieve long-term profitable growth, our
research and business focus is on highly innovative business
areas, which we sometimes enter into through strategic
cooperative partnerships.

Management’s Report 117

Forecast — Opportunities and risks report

Innovation

mu Chances of success in research and development
increased by Know-How Verbund

We are observing a trend toward more sustainability in our
customer industries. We want to take advantage of the result-
ing opportunities with innovations — particularly in the growth
fields we have identified. These include Batteries for Mobility,
Functional Crop Care to improve agricultural efficiency, solu-
tions for water treatment and technologies for the use of
renewable energy sources, such as wind, solar thermal and
photovoltaic power.

New products launched on the market between 2011
and 2020 are expected to contribute €30 billion to sales in
2020. To achieve this goal, we want to continue investing
around 3% of our sales (excluding Oil & Gas) in research and
development. An important success factor is the continuous
development of our research organization in order to further
enhance our connectivity around the globe. Starting January
2015, we are pooling our research expertise into three global
platforms, each headquartered in a region significant for us:
Europe, Asia Pacific and North America. Stronger regional
presence opens up new opportunities to participate in local
innovation processes and gain access to local talent. We
also address the risk of the technical or economic failure
of research and development projects by maintaining a bal-
anced and diversified project portfolio, as well as through
professional, milestone-based project management (R&D
controlling).

We optimize the effectiveness and efficiency of our
research activities through our global Know-How Verbund as
well as through collaboration with partners and customers.
Furthermore, in a program and project management process,
we continuously review the chances of success and the
underlying assumptions of research projects; this review
includes all phases from idea generation to product launch.
The trust of customers and consumers is essential for the
successful introduction of new technologies. That is why we
enter into dialog with stakeholders at an early stage of
development.

ian) For more on innovation, see page 33 onward
Portfolio development through investments

m = 2011-2020: More than one-third of our investing
volume to go into emerging markets

We expect the increase in chemical production in emerging
markets in the coming years to be significantly above the
global average. This will create opportunities that we want to
exploit by expanding our presence in these economies; there-
fore, more than one-third of our investment volume between
2011 and 2020 will be spent in emerging markets. We also
118 Management’s Report

Forecast — Opportunities and risks report

want to intensify investment in North America in light of the
attractive growth prospects and low raw material prices: For
example, we are planning the construction of an ammonia
production plant with Yara in Freeport, Texas. In addition, we
are exploring an investment in a world-scale methane-to-
propylene complex on the U.S. Gulf Coast.

Our decisions on the type, size and locations of our
investment projects are based on assumptions related to the
long-term development of markets, margins and costs, as
well as raw material availability and country, currency and
technology risks. Opportunities and risks arise when real
developments deviate from our assumptions, particularly with
respect to demand development and competition intensity.

In the implementation phase, we use our experience in
project management and controlling to minimize short-term
technical risks as well as risks from cost overruns or missed
deadlines.

ian For more on our investment plans, see page 123 onward
Acquisitions

su Detailed assessment of opportunities and risks
as part of due diligence

In the future, we will continue to refine our portfolio through
acquisitions that promise above-average profitable growth,
are innovation-driven and offer added value for our customers
while reducing the cyclicality of our earnings.

The evaluation of opportunities and risks already plays a
significant role during the assessment of potential acquisition
targets. Detailed analysis and quantification are conducted as
part of due diligence. Examples of risks include increased
staff turnover, delayed realization of synergies, and the
assumption of obligations that were not precisely quantifiable
in advance. If our expectations in this regard are not fulfilled,
risks could arise, such as the need to impair intangible assets;
however, there could also be opportunities, for example, from
additional synergies.

ian For more on our acquisitions, see page 38 onward

Recruitment and long-term retention of qualified
employees

a Intensified competition for highly-qualified
specialists and leaders
a Risk of loss of expertise from retirements

Global competition for highly qualified specialists and leaders
has grown in recent years; in the medium to long term, this
will likely be further intensified by demographic change. As a
result, there is an increased risk that job vacancies cannot be
filled with suitable applicants, or only after a delay.

BASF Report 2014

Business could be negatively affected in the medium and long
term by the loss of expertise in North America and Europe
due to disproportionately high retirement numbers, as well as
by the challenge arising from additional recruitment demand
in Asia as a result of our targeted growth. We address these
risks with our Best Team Strategy and the global initiatives
derived from it, covering topics such as demographic and
knowledge management, Diversity + Inclusion, employee and
leadership development, intensified employer branding, and
supplementary regional initiatives. With these measures, we
increase BASF’s attractiveness as an employer and retain our
employees in the long term. ©

ian For more on the individual initiatives and our goals,
see page 41 onward

Sustainability

a Identifying opportunities and risks through
materiality analysis
a Global monitoring for compliance with standards

BASF is committed to integrating environmental protection
and socially responsible conduct into its business activities.
Infringements of our voluntary commitments and legal viola-
tions also represent a reputational risk and could lead to
operational or strategic risks. Before acquiring a company,
we take into account its focus on sustainability and we con-
sider this in the acquisition process. Based on our materiality
analysis, we initiate change processes in the company in
order to be prepared for any potential risks and to exploi
opportunities. We have established global monitoring systems
which also include our supply chain — these enable us to
ensure adherence to laws and our voluntary commitments in
the areas of environment, safety, security and health as wel
as to labor and social standards. In order to assure society’s
acceptance of our business activities, we engage in ongoing
dialog with relevant stakeholders. The Nano Dialog Forum o
BASF is an example. Ultimately, however, residual risks
remain in all entrepreneurial activities which even comprehen-
sive risk management cannot exclude. @

jan For more on sustainability, see page 29 onward

For more on monitoring instruments, see page 24
BASF Report 2014

Economic environment in 2015

The global economy will likely grow by 2.8% in 2015,
somewhat faster than in 2014 (+2.5%), with momentum
coming predominantly from the United States. We pre-
sume that growth in western Europe will not accelerate
further, and that China will continue its slight slowdown.
In light of this, we anticipate global chemical production
growth of 4.2%, marginally faster than in 2014 (+4.0%).
The global economy will continue to face substantial
risks. For 2015, we assume an average price for Brent
crude oil between $60 and $70 per barrel and an exchange
rate of $1.20 per euro.

Trends in the global economy in 2015

a Stronger growth expected for United States
a Significant upswing unlikely in E.U., Japanese
and South American economies

We do not expect the economy in the European Union to
grow faster in 2015 than in 2014. Growth will be supported by
lower oil prices, the depreciation of the euro relative to the
dollar, and the expansive monetary policy of the European
Central Bank. The French and Italian economies will barely
grow, however; in Germany, growth will probably match the
slow pace of 2014. We assume that Spain will be able to
continue its slow economic recovery. The United Kingdom is
likely to keep growing vigorously, although not as much as
in the previous year. We anticipate continued solid growth
for the eastern E.U. countries. Our forecast assumes that
the conflict in Ukraine will not escalate further and that no
major new economic sanctions will be imposed on trade with
Russia.

We anticipate stronger growth in the United States econ-
omy than in 2014. Leading indicators point to a continuation
of the positive development of the last three quarters of 2014.
The ongoing recovery of the job market and continuing low
interest rates will support private consumption. Our forecast
is based on the assumption that the U.S. Federal Reserve will
be very careful about raising interest rates and that the new
distribution of power in Congress will not lead to renewed
blocking of fiscal measures.

Management’s Report
Forecast — Economic environment in 2015

Outlook for gross domestic product 2015
(Real change compared with previous year)

World 28% DA

European Union 1.4% [i

United States 3.1% Ds

Emerging markets of Asia 6.1% DI... oo
Japan 1.1%

South America 0.7%

Trends in gross domestic product 2015-2017
(Average annual real change)

World 3.0% Da

European Union 1.7% (i

United States 29%

Emerging markets of Asia 6.3% [i
Japan 1.1%

South America 2.0% [i

In the emerging markets of Asia, we anticipate growth rates
comparable with the high levels of 2014. We expect slower
growth in China. The Chinese government will likely not imple-
ment strong stimulus measures to counterbalance the damp-
ening effects of a slackening real estate market. By contrast,
we expect higher growth in India, Indonesia and Thailand.

We assume that the Japanese economy will not grow
significantly faster in 2015. Although the government does
intend to delay the sales tax increase planned for October
2015, the structural reforms needed to boost growth are
making slow progress and will only bear fruit in the long term.

For South America, we do not foresee widespread
improvement. The Brazilian economy will no longer be
weighed down by the political uncertainty surrounding the
outcome of the presidential elections; nevertheless, consider-
ing the high rate of inflation, dampening fiscal effects and the
lack of investment in infrastructure, strong growth impetus is
unlikely. In Argentina, a settlement of the dispute with interna-
tional creditors would improve access to capital markets in
the medium term, however, Argentina is likely to face another
year of recession.

119
120 Management’s Report

Forecast — Economic environment in 2015

Outlook for key customer industries

a = Marginally higher growth in global industrial
production expected for 2015

Global industrial production is likely to grow at 3.6% in 2015,
marginally faster than the +3.4% rate in 2014. At 2.4%, the
growth rate in the industrialized countries will be roughly com-
parable with that of the previous year. We expect a slight up-
turn in the emerging markets (2015: +4.7%; 2014: +4.3%).
In the transportation sector, we anticipate faster growth
than in 2014. Development will vary markedly by region. In
western Europe, we expect growth rates in the automobile
industry to slow down again after the catch-up effects of
2014. We also foresee a smaller increase in automobile
production in the United States. A significant slowdown is
expected in Japan; however, we foresee considerably higher
growth rates in India and Thailand. The market in China
should continue its solid growth. After the previous year’s
sharp drops, we also assume that the automobile industry will
decline only slightly in Russia and grow slightly in Brazil.
The energy and resources sector is likely to continue its
slight growth in 2015. In Europe, we expect energy consump-
ion to stagnate after the previous year’s warm winter resulted
in a considerable decline. Raw material production in the
United States should continue to grow in the wake of the
boom in shale gas. There is also likely to be a further signifi-
cant increase in the demand for energy and raw materials in
he emerging markets of Asia.

In the construction industry, we foresee growth at
approximately the level of 2014. The western European mar-
ket is expected to continue on its slow path to recovery. For
he first time in a while, we also anticipate a marginal increase
in Spain’s construction sector, as well. The industry will keep
shrinking in France and Italy. We anticipate somewhat slower
growth in the more robust markets in Germany and the United
Kingdom. We expect the U.S. construction sector to grow
slightly faster, driven largely by residential and commercial
building projects. In China, however, the construction of new
— especially residential — buildings will probably continue to
slow down.

BASF Report 2014

We assume that the consumer goods industry will once
again grow faster in 2015 than in the year before, primarily
supported by the advanced economies. We now anticipate
slight growth in western Europe after the increasingly smaller
declines over the past three years. We foresee a slight upturn
for the United States. In the emerging markets of Asia, growth
rates will once again reach the high levels of 2014. Following
the sharp declines of the previous year, we predict widespread
stagnation in the consumer goods industry in Brazil.

The electronics industry will probably grow somewha
faster than in 2014. We anticipate some slight deceleration in
Europe but stronger growth in the United States. For the
emerging markets of Asia, which contribute more than a third
of the global value added and more than half of global pro-
duction, the economic slowdown in China will probably lead
to a slight growth decline at a high level. In Japan, we assume
that the industry will grow again after the previous year’s
decline.

We predict robust growth approximating prior-year levels
for production in the health and nutrition sector. In western
Europe, we expect growth to remain consistent at a low level
but stay slightly ahead of overall economic growth. While the
industry in the United States should grow somewhat faster
than in the previous year, we anticipate a slight decline at a
high level in the emerging markets of Asia.

For agriculture, we foresee similar growth rates as in the
previous year. Even if growth is likely to be curbed by ongoing
low prices for agricultural commodities, this still means that
agricultural production in 2015 will continue to grow at its
average long-term pace. Furthermore, the lower price of oil
will dampen demand for bioethanol.

BASF Report 2014

Outlook for the chemical industry
a Growth expected to be slightly above 2014 level

In line with the somewhat higher growth anticipated for the
industry in general, we expect chemical production (excluding
pharmaceuticals) to grow by 4.2% in 2015 (2014: +4.0%).
This will be largely attributable to the advanced economies
(2015: +2.2%; 2014: +1.6%). At 5.8%, growth will probably
decrease slightly in the emerging markets (2014: +6.1%).

The chemical industry in the European Union is not
expected to grow appreciably faster in 2015 than in 2014.
Despite falling raw material prices, the European market con-
tinues to be subject to intense international competition. We
assume that production in Germany will cease to shrink and
start growing slightly. In France, Spain and the United King-
dom, however, we expect smaller gains in growth compared
with the previous year.

We expect somewhat stronger chemical production
growth in the United States in 2015, supported by low costs
for energy and raw materials as well as by a solid domestic
economy. Most of the chemical industry’s customer sectors
will probably show robust, and for the most part somewhat
higher, growth in 2015 than 2014.

In the emerging markets of Asia, we assume strong
growth rates for the chemical industry, albeit somewhat
weaker compared with 2014. Although we expect to see a
sharper increase in demand from the automobile industry,
demand is likely to be lower from the construction industry as
a result of the downturn of the construction sector in China.

Management’s Report
Forecast — Economic environment in 2015

For Japan, we forecast that chemical production will stabilize
following a slight decline in 2014. Against the backdrop of
falling automotive production and weaker growth in the con-
struction industry, we anticipate only slight growth.

After the previous year’s decline, we expect the chemical
industry to grow again slightly in South America. We antici-
pate recovery in Brazil, driven by higher production in the
transportation and construction sectors. The market will
probably continue to shrink slightly in Argentina. We do, how-
ever, expect vigorous production growth at 2014 levels in
Chile, Ecuador and Colombia, and considerable gains in
Peru.

Outlook for chemical production 2015 (excluding pharmaceuticals)
(Real change compared with previous year)

World 42% Ds

European Union 1.5%

United States 35% Ds

Emerging markets of Asia 6.9% [I / ..
Japan 1.0%

South America 1.3%

Trends in chemical production 2015-2017 (excluding pharmaceuticals)
(Average annual real change)

World 43% Ds

European Union 15% [i

United States 3.2% Is

Emerging markets of Asia 7.0% [I i os
Japan 0.9% Mi

South America 27% (i

121
122 Management’s Report

Forecast — Outlook 2015

Outlook 2015

The development of the second half of 2014 has contin-
ued into the beginning of 2015: Oil and raw material
prices are volatile, as are currencies; the emerging mar-
kets are growing more slowly; and the global economy is
being dampened by geopolitical conflict. For 2015, we
nevertheless anticipate somewhat stronger growth in the
global economy, industrial production and the chemical
industry than in 2014, partly as a consequence of the
lower price of oil. This expectation assumes an average
price for Brent crude oil ranging from $60 to $70 per bar-
rel and an exchange rate of $1.20 per euro. The global
economy will continue to face substantial risks. In this
volatile and challenging environment, we aim to perform
well and increase sales slightly in 2015. Income from
operations before special items will likely match the level
of 2014.

ian For more information on our expectations for the economic
environment in 2015, see page 119 onward

Sales and earnings forecast for the BASF Group

a Slight sales increase expected, due in part to
sales growth in Functional Materials & Solutions
and Performance Products segments

a Income from operations before special items likely
to match level of 2014

BASF Group sales are expected to increase slightly in 2015,
largely supported by the sales growth anticipated in the
Functional Materials & Solutions and Performance Products
segments. We want to raise our sales volumes overall,
excluding the effects of acquisitions and divestitures. Income
from operations before special items in 2015 will likely match
the previous year’s level. We anticipate larger contributions
from our chemicals and crop protection businesses’, whereas
earnings in the Oil & Gas segment are expected to decrease
considerably due to the lower price of oil.

We expect a slight decline in income from operations. In
2014, high levels of special income had arisen primarily from
the disposal of our 50% share in Styrolution Holding GmbH.
As a result, there is likely to be a considerable decline in EBIT
after cost of capital.

The significant risks and opportunities that could affect the
attainment of our forecast are described on pages 111 to 118.

BASF Report 2014

Sales and earnings forecast for the segments

Sales in the Chemicals segment are expected to decrease
slightly in 2015. Substantially lower oil and raw material
prices will lead to price reductions in some business areas.
Anticipated volumes growth in all three divisions — due in
part to the startup of new plants — will not be able to fully
compensate for this development. We foresee higher volumes
in the Monomers division, especially of isocyanates and
polyamide-6 extrusion polymers. In the Intermediates division,
we especially expect sales volumes to rise in the amines and
polyalcohols businesses. Overall, income from operations
before special items is likely to decline slightly because of
expenses for starting up several plants.

We want to considerably increase our sales in the Perfor-
mance Products segment in 2015, mainly through organic
growth. In the Dispersions & Pigments and Care Chemicals
divisions, this endeavor will be supported by factors like new
production capacities. We anticipate a considerable increase
in volumes in the Nutrition & Health division. Sales prices are
likely to remain under pressure, however. In the Performance
Chemicals division, we plan on increasing sales volumes. The
textile chemicals business will be sold to Archroma in the first
half of 2015. Income from operations before special items is
expected to considerably exceed the level of 2014, supported
in all divisions by strict cost discipline and measures to
increase competitiveness.

In the Functional Materials & Solutions segment in
2015, we anticipate higher demand from our key customer
sectors, the automotive and construction industries. We
predict a significant increase in volumes of our innovative
specialties and system solutions. We want to considerably
boost our sales. The startup of new plants in the Catalysts
and Performance Materials divisions will support this growth.
We are also striving for a considerable increase in income
from operations before special items. All divisions will likely
contribute to this development.

' Our chemicals business comprises the Chemicals, Performance Products and Functional Materials & Solutions segments.
BASF Report 2014

Forecast by segment (in million €)

Management’s Report
Forecast — Outlook 2015

Income from operations (EBIT)

Sales before special items

2014 Forecast 2015 2014 Forecast 2015
Chemicals 16,968 slight decrease 2,367 slight decrease
Performance Products 15,433 considerable increase 1,455 considerable increase
Functional Materials & Solutions 17,725 considerable increase 1,197 considerable increase
Agricultural Solutions 5,446 considerable increase 1,109 considerable increase
Oil & Gas 15,145 slight decrease 1,795 considerable decrease
Other 3,609 considerable decrease (566) slight decrease
BASF Group 74,326 slight increase 7,357 at prior-year level

' For sales, “slight” represents a change of 1-5%, while “considerable” applies for changes of 6% and higher. “At prior-year level” indicates no change (+/-0%). For earnings, “slight”
means a change of 1-10%, while “considerable” is used for changes of 11% and higher. “At prior-year level” indicates no change (+/-0%).

In the Agricultural Solutions segment, we expect prices for
agricultural products to remain at the level of the second half
of 2014. With exchange rates developing more favorably
overall, we anticipate high market volatility. In this environ-
ment, we set ourselves the ambitious goal of increasing sales
volumes and considerably improving sales and income from
operations before special items.

We foresee a slight decrease in sales as well as consider-
ably reduced income from operations before special items in
the Oil & Gas segment as a result of the lower price of oil. In
the Exploration & Production business sector, the negative
effects of the decreased price of oil will probably be partly
offset by the expansion of our activities in Norway and the
growth in Achimgaz production in Russia. We also expect to
partially resume our onshore production in Libya. Our portfolio
optimization measures will continue. For the Natural Gas
Trading business sector, we anticipate considerable earnings
improvement thanks to a higher contribution from the trans-
portation business as well as to rising sales volumes.

Sales in Other will decrease considerably, largely on
account of lower raw material prices and lower plant availa-
bility due to a plant outage at the Ellba C.V. joint operation in
Moerdijk, Netherlands. For income from operations before
special items, we assume a slight decline, partly because of
the lack of earnings from our share in Styrolution Holding
GmbH, which was sold in 2014.

Investment planning
a Investments of around €4.0 billion planned for 2015

For the period from 2011 to 2020, we have planned capital
expenditures between €30 billion and €35 billion. More than a
third of this sum will be invested in emerging markets, further
strengthening our presence in these growth markets. Com-
pared with 2014, we plan on lower annual investments for the
period from 2015 to 2020. The bulk of our spending in 2014
was on major projects that will start up in 2015, such as an
MDI plant in Chongqing, China; a TDI plant in Ludwigshafen,
Germany; and an acrylic acid and superabsorbent complex in
Camagari, Brazil.

In particular, we are already planning or carrying out the
following projects:

Capital expenditures: Selected major projects

Site Project

Camagari, Brazil Construction: production complex for acrylic acid and

superabsorbents

Caojing, China Construction: chemical catalysts

Geismar, Louisiana Construction: formic acid plant

Kuantan, Malaysia Construction: aroma chemicals complex

Ludwigshafen,
Germany

Construction: TDI plant

Replacement: nitric acid plants

Expansion: lubricants

Ludwigshafen and

Expansion of capacities for F 500° and Xemium®

Schwarzheide, fungicides
Germany
Nanjing, China Construction: specialty amines plant

Shanghai, China

Construction: coating resins

Theodore, Alabama

Construction: chelating agents

123
124 Management's Report

Forecast — Outlook 2015

In the Oil & Gas segment, our investments of around €4.1 bil-
lion by 2019 will focus mainly on the development of proven
gas and oil deposits in Argentina, Norway and Russia, as well
as on the exploration of new oil and gas reserves.

For 2015, we plan investments totaling around €4.0 bil-
lion’, particularly for the major projects listed above.

Capital expenditures by segment, 2015-2019

6
1 Chemicals 33% om 1
2 Performance Products 15%
3. Functional Materials & Solutions 13%

!19.5 billion
4 — Agricultural Solutions 6%
5 Oil & Gas 21% &
6 Other (infrastructure, R&D) 12% ‘ ‘as 2

3

Capital expenditures by region, 2015-2019

5

1 Europe 45% ro

North America 27%

3

3. Asia Pacific 18%

South America, Africa, 119.5 billion
4 Middle East 8%

Alternative sites currently
5 being investigated 2% 2
Dividend

We stand by our ambitious dividend policy and offer our
shareholders an attractive dividend yield. We continue to aim
to increase our dividend each year, or at least maintain it at
the previous year’s level.

an Information on the proposed dividend can be found from
page 12 onward

BASF Report 2014

Financing

Our financing policy is aimed at ensuring our solvency at all
times, limiting the risks associated with financing and optimiz-
ing our cost of capital. We strive to maintain at least a solid
“A” rating, which allows the BASF Group unrestricted access
to money and capital markets.

From the scheduled repayment of bonds, we expect cash
outflows in the equivalent amount of around €2.2 billion. To
refinance mature bonds and to optimize our maturity profile,
we continue to have medium to long-term corporate bonds
and our commercial paper program at our disposal.

jaa Information on our financing policies can be found on page 58
Events after the reporting period
There have been no significant changes in the company’s

situation or market environment since the beginning of the
2015 business year.

' Excluding additions to property, plant and equipment resulting from acquisitions, capitalized exploration, restoration obligations and IT investments
