

--- Page 1 ---

122

Business Review
Operating segments

2.1 Operating segments

In early 2013, the Group has set up a matrix organisation based on:

six Global Business Units, divided into three operating segments:
Aerospace (Avionics, Space}, Transport (Ground Transportation Systems)
and Defence & Security (Secure Communications and Information Systems,
land & Air Systems, Defence Mission Systems);

2.1.1 AEROSPACE SEGMENT

The Aerospace segment includes the Avionics and Space Global Business
Units

The Avionics Global Business Unit offers a large array of equipment and
functions for piloting, navigation and aircraft control systems, electrical
generation and conversion, and in+light entertainment and connectivity
systems. This activity also includes simulation and training solutions for military
aircraft and civil and military helicopters as well as microwave or imaging
subsystems. As a partner with the major aircraft manufacturers and airlines,
Thales is a player in the entire value added chain of the aviation sector, in
addition to its space and air traffic management business.

21.1.1

Key data

2014 2013
Order book at 31 December €8,687 m €7,881 m
Order intake €5,024 m €4,297 m
Sales €5,014 m €4,713 m
EBIT’! €505 m €420 m
Consolidated headcount 17,935 17,299

{a} Non-GAAP indicator. See definition in the section entitled “Presentation of
Financial Information" in the Group management report on page 8.

211.2 Avionics

211.21 General overview

Thales manufactures flight avionics systems, passenger cabin equipment and
systems and flight simulators for helicopters and military aircraft. In addition,
the Group offers microwave and imaging subsystems.

The portfolio of flight avionics systems and equipment comprises on-board
electronics systems, including helmets display, for aircraft navigation and
handling for civil and military fixed-wing and rotary.wing aircraft.

Thales also supplies electrical generation and power conversion equipment.

In the cabin systems market, Thales’s offer is focused on the in-flight
entertainment and passenger connectivity segment. In addition, the Group
offers lighting and aircraft interior systems through Diehl Aerospace

In simulation and training, Thales provides flight simulators for several
European defence programmes and provides training for pilots, particularly
for helicopters, via the Helisim joint venture.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

an international organisation split into the major industrial countries in
which the Group is present (Germany, France, the Netherlands, the
UK, Canada, the United States and Australia & New Zealand}, other
European countries and emerging markets.

The Space Global Business Unit offers spatial systems and solutions, in
particular in the fields of telecommunications, radar and optical observation
of the Earth, satellite navigation and exploration of the universe. The strategic
partnership in the space sector between Thales and Finmeccanica — the
Space Alliance — responds to the significant environmental, scientific,
security and information society development challenges and is based on
the complementary solutions offered by Thales Alenia Space [67% owned
by Thales} in satellite systems and by Telespazio (33% owned by Thales)
in related services

SALES

50%
Defence & Secuity

~ 39%
Aerospace
\
11%

Transport

Microwave subsystems (tubes and power amplifiers) are aimed at the
space and defence market, as well as at some telecommunications and
civil industrial applications, while imaging subsystems are aimed at the
medical radiology market

211.22 Competitive position

As one of the leading players on the avionics market, Thales is a supplier
for the civilian and military aircraft manufacturers AgustaWestland, Airbus
Group, ATR, Bell, Boeing, Bombardier, Dassault Aviation, Embraer,
Gulfstream, NHlndustries, Sikorsky and Sukhoi. The other major players in
this field are the US companies Honeywell and Rockwell Collins. The growth
of this business therefore correlates directly to the change in production rates
of aircraft manufacturers

In the passenger cabin systems segment, Thales is one of the world’s top
two players with Panasonic Avionics

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 2 ---

There are numerous competitors on the simulation solutions market,
particularly from US defence companies such as Lockheed Martin, Raytheon
and L3Com:

Thales continues to be a global market leader in microwave and imaging
subsystems

21.123 Significant events in 2014

In Civil avionies, the year was notable for the certification of the Airbus
A350 XWB by the EASA (European Aviation Safety Agency) followed by
its delivery to Qatar Airways. The first successful flight of the A320neo was
also an important milestone for Thales, since it incorporated a new flight
control computer.

In addition, Thales delivered to ATR a series of developments in connection
with the evolution of the “standard 2” of the ATR-600 avionics suite. The
various aeronautical certification authorities approved the automatic landing
function offered by Thales aboard the Sukhoi Superjet 100, enabling
airplane to operate at visibilities on the ground of less than 200 feet. Finally,
Thales was selected to develop and implement advanced flight control
solutions for the future business airplanes Gulfstream G500 and G600.

Among signed agreements with airline companies, the Taiwanese company
TransAsia Airways chose Thales’s avionics suite for its 18 new A320
airplanes. China Eastern Airlines's new fleet of Airbus singleaisle airplanes
will also be equipped with the most recent avionics solutions, including
surveillance systems, flight management systems and head-up displays
(HUD).

In Training & Simulation, 20] 4 was marked by the opening of the A4AOQOM
team training centre at the Brize Norton Royal Air Force base in the United
Kingdom, which was built by Thales and is managed by a joint venture
between Thales and Airbus Group. The first FFS (FullFlight Simulator] supplied
by Thales was installed at this AAOOM pilot school. The British Defence
Minister also awarded Thales a several million pound contract to supply a
second A400M flight simulator, which will also be installed at the training
centre in 2015

In Australia, Thales will provide simulators for Australian naval and ground
force helicopter team training, including three EC 135 Full Flight simulators,
as well as support service and maintenance. In addition, Thales continued
to pursue its strategy of developing local, tailored training centres for civilian
helicopter operators. For example, in 2014 it opened the first training centre
for AS350 helicopter pilots in Albertville, France.

Thales expanded its in-flight entertainment business through the acquisition
of LiveTV. The Group thus obtained new multimedia solutions to equip airliners
with multi-band, high-speed connectivity solutions. In 2014, Thales also
launched its 4th generation system AVANT, which has already been selected
by 12 airlines for installation on board various platforms (A330, A350,
A380, B737, B777, B787). In all, Thales equipped 184 aircraft with its
inflight entertainment systems in 2014

In the area of Helicopter avionics, Thales will supply its Integrated Electronic
Stand-by Instrument (IESI) for the modernisation of the Brazilian army's Equilo/
Fennec helicopter fleet. The IESI integrates essential standby functions of
artificial horizon, altimeter and anemometer within a compact, single piece
of equipment. Thales’ Scorpion helmet display was chosen to equip Thales's
future Airbus Helicopters weapon systems

In the area of Military avionics, Thales delivered the second tactical version
of the systems developed for the A400M, including innovative functions,
some of which were designed in connection with the SESAR (Single
European Sky Air Traffic Management Research] studies.

THALES

Business Review
Operating segments

With respect to Electrical Systems, major milestones were reached in
connection with the Dassault Aviation Falcon 5X Programme.

In airline support, Thales was among the top ten in the Airbus Supplier
Support Ranking for the eighth consecutive year. Airbus also commended
Thales for its customer-support performance for inflight entertainment, naming
it best in class in-flight entertainment supplier. In terms of maintenance
contracts, the Chinese company Sichuan Airlines renewed its confidence
in the Group with respect to maintenance of Thales components.

In 2014, Thales reinforced its position as a worldwide leader in the area
of Microwave & Imaging Sub-Systems, having significant commercial
success in exporting, in particular to Asia, in defence, with delivery of the
first transmitters to the South Korean army.

2113 Space

211.31 General overview

Thales Alenia Space is a joint venture between Thales (67%) and
Finmeccanica (33%) and a partner in the Space Alliance, along with
Telespazio

Thales Alenia Space has more than 40 years of experience in the
design, integration, testing, operation and commissioning of innovative
space systems. These cutting-edge systems meet the needs of commercial,
government, scientific, defence and security customers from around the
world. The satellites and payloads designed by Thales Alenia Space have
become the global standard for space systems that provide communications
and navigation services, monitor our environment and the oceans, help
us better understand climate change and drive scientific progress. Thales
Alenia Space is also a leading supplier to the International Space Station,
and a pivotal player in space systems designed to explore the Universe.

Thales Alenia Space is one of the world’s leading designers of
telecommunications satellites, platforms and payloads, a market that
accounts for 50% of its business. The company offers a wide range of
solutions, from supplying high-performance equipment to turnkey systems.
The Spacebus NEO family of geostationary platforms meets the needs of
operators from around the world. The payloads designed by Thales Alenia
Space have proven their performance, reliability and competitiveness on
satellites made by all leading space industry manufacturers. Thales Alenia
Space is one of the world’s foremost players in low/mediur earth orbit
mobile communications constellations, with a total of 117 satellites on
order (8 1 Iridium NEXT, 12 O3b and 24 Globalstar Second Generation)

In the military segment, Thales Alenia Space operates in the design and
production of extremely secure telecommunications systems and observation
systems and high-resolution radar and optical payloads. It offers space and
ground telecommunications and observation segments, as well as dual civil
and military systems. It is at the heart of the Francottalian cooperation with
the Sicral and Athena Fidus programmes

In the area of Earth observation, Thales Alenia Space is a leader in high
and very high-resolution optical and radar payloads, in which itis a major
exporter, supplying military, dual or civilian missions: information gathering,
target designation, map-making and crisis management, meteorology,
oceanography and climatology, etc.

For the last three decades, the European Space Agency (ESA) and
Eumetsat have awarded Thales Alenia Space the contract for Europe's
meteorological satellites (the three generations of Meteosat satellites), as
well as the Copernicus environmental missions and spatial altimetry, an

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123


--- Page 3 ---

124

Business Review
Operating segments

activity in which the radars of Thales Alenia Space are the standard in
‘ocean and ice surveillance.

Thales Alenia Space is now also prime contractor for Exomars, ESA's most
ambitious Mars mission, following the success of Herschel and of Planck,
the largest space observatories ever developed in Europe. The company
is also the contractor for EUCLID, ESA’ scientific satellite dedicated to the
understanding of dark matter. On the ground, it deployed radioastronomy
antennae on the Atacama Plateau in Chile under the AUWA programme for
the European Southern Observatory.

Thales Alenia Space is also at the origin of satellite navigation in Europe as
prime contractor for Egnos, the precursor to Galileo, and has a major role
in its development with Galileo system support, participation in the InOrbit
Validation phase, which consists of manufacturing the first four satellites of the
constellation, and especially in the deployment of the grounctbased mission
segment (Galileo Mission Segment} for the full constellation

In manned space flight, Thales Alenia Space is a major contributor to the
International Space Station (ISS), supplying more than 50% of its pressurised
volume and heavily involved in the ATV (Automated Transfer Vehicle} for ESA
and Cygnus for NASA, which will supply the ISS. In addition, the company
is developing the IXV atmospheric re-entry demonstrator for ESA.

Thales Alenia Space also contributes to the European policy on access to
space through the provision of the on-board electronics for the Ariane rocket
and the on-board backup system for Soyuz in Guyana

21.1.3.2 Competitive position

The satellite market is a dynamic but highly competitive market. In the
commercial satellite segment, the main competitors of Thales Alenia Space
are MDA (SSL Loral), Airbus Group, Orbital Sciences Corporation, Boeing
and Lockheed Martin. Going forward, the commercial challenge is the
capacity to offer satellite solutions with electriconly propulsion. Other
international manufacturers (Russian, Chinese, Indian, Israeli, Japanese,
etc.) have gradually emerged on the commercial market with increasingly
competitive solutions both in telecommunications and in observation

The leading competitors in the institutional market in Europe, which depends
toa large extent on the budgetary situation of governments, are Airbus Group
and OHB, which may also be partners depending on the programme:

21.133 Significant events in 2014

In connection with Ambition Boost, the Group's global performance plan,
Thales Alenia Space has implemented several initiatives to ensure its

2.1.2 TRANSPORT SEGMENT

growth while maintaining the quality that is at the heart of its strategy and
favouring innovation. It has made R&D investments in order to launch new
products. Finally, it has implemented a plan to extend Thales Alenia Space’s
international footprint.

The first results of the plan enabled Thales Alenia Space to obtain four
contracts in 2014, for five telecommunication satellites: Yamal 601 for the
Russian operator Gazprom Space System, Koreasat 5A and Koreasat 7
for KTSAT in South Korea, Inmarsat S/HellaSat 3, a shared satellite for
Inmarsat and Arabsat, and Telkom 3S for the Indonesian operator Telkom
The European Space Agency has announced Phase B of the NEOSAT
programme to develop new geostationary satellite platforms.

In the area of Earth observation, a new tranche of financing for the new
generation COSMO-SkyMed programme was approved by the Italian
Space Agency (ASI, and the French Space Agency (CNES) selected Thales
Alenia Space to build the SWOT (Surface Water and Ocean Topography)
satellite, which is intended to be used for oceanography and hydrology.
Finally, the Falcon Eye contract relating to two high-resolution optical
observation satellites for the United Arab Emirates entered into force.

In 2014, Thales Alenia Space participated in 12 launches, including in
particular Athena Fidus, the first success from the Francottalian cooperation
on a dual mission; the Sentinel 1A, which opens the door for the ESA's
Copernicus programme; and lastly, the second cluster of the O3b
constellation, for which responsibility was transferred to the customer on
13 August 2014, now in orbit and operational. The third cluster of four
O&b satellites was also launched in late December.

In terms of technology and innovation, new products were launched in
the areas of optical observation and high-esolution radar. Emphasis was
placed on the development of the Spacebus line under the name Spacebus
NEO, with a hybrid propulsion offering and a fully electric version planned
for 2015. Finally, in terms of innovation, Thales Alenia Space reinforced
its capacities in this area with the Stratobus, a geostationary stratospheric
platform that has been part of the French industrial development plan since
July 2014

Thales Alenia Space's international growth accelerated in 2014 with the
opening of a new site in Louvain, Belgium, the creation of a new subsidiary
in the United Kingdom (which integrated the space activities of SEA, a
company that was later acquired}, as well as the project to create Thales
Alenia Space Brazil, a subsidiary intended to oversee the technology transfer
provided for in the SGDC contract won in 2013

Thales provides transport infrastructure operators and managers with systems
and services to operate their investments to best effect by optimising their
operational performance, offering the best passenger experience, and
managing the growing complexity of transport systems. Thales solutions

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

help increase the capacity of transport infrastructures and promote the highest
safety in the transport of people and goods, rapidly and cost effectively.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 4 ---

21.21 Key data

2014 2013
Order book at 31 December €3,615 m €3,329 m
Order intake €1,652 m €1,454 m
Sales €1,402 m €1,447 m
eBIT! €32 m €97 m
Consolidated headcount 6,139 5,910

{a} Non-GAAP indicator. See definition in the section entitled “Presentation of
Financial Information" in the Group management report on page 8.

21.22 Ground Transportation Systems

21.221 General overview

The Group is one of the leading players worldwide in transportation systems:
rail signalling, monitoring and supervision for urban, suburban and mainline
transportation networks, and ticketing

In rail signalling, Thales provides systems for conventional and high speed
mainline networks, in addition to metro, tram and suburban networks.

In terms of monitoring and communications, Thales leverages its expertise in
critical information supervision systems to offer transport network operators
integrated solutions. They can thus monitor and effectively control critical
operations (from traffic to power and communications management} and
implement efficient solutions to satisfy passengers by offering a higher quality
of service while helping to improve passenger, network and personal safely,

Thales is also a large player in passenger payment collection solutions,
in particular for public transit operators, and has long experience with
multimodal and mult-operator ticketing systems

21.222 Competitive position

Thales addresses the ground transportation business, whose growth is linked
to a great extent to urban planning, with a portfolio of automation and
services solutions dedicated to the operation, security and safety of rail
infrastructures. Specialised in intelligent critical systems and services, Thales
distinguishes itself from its “generalist” competitors, who offer a range of
products dominated by rolling stock. lts key capabilities make Thales a
recognised leading player with strong positions in these markets.

The competitive landscape varies significantly depending on the segment
targeted by Thales. In signalling, Thales is a major player, its main competitors
being Siemens, Alstom, Ansaldo STS and Borbardier. In terms of supervision
and telecommunications, the major generalist players are also present, as
well as more local and/or specialist providers such as HollySys, Indra
and Singapore Technologies Engineering. In Revenue Collection, the main
Groups competitors are Cubic, Parkeon, Scheidt & Bachmann and Xerox.

21.223 Significant events in 2014

In main lines, Thales won a contract from PKP Polish Lines S.A. in Poland to
deploy an ERTMS solution including the AlTrac ETCS Level 2 signalling system
and the GSMR communication system on two branches of the Warsaw-Lodz
line. The ETCS (European Train Control System), the European standard for
train control, permits transparent border crossing while significantly increasing
railway infrastructure capacity and the safety of operations.

THALES

Business Review
Operating segments

SALES
50%

Defence & Secty,

> 39%
Aerospace
\
11%
Transport

In the United Kingdom, Network Rail launched an ambitious plan to
modernise its mainline traffic management, with 12 regional operational
centres. Network Rail selected Thales to equip the first two centres, in
Romford and Cardiff, with the NetTrac Aramis solution

In France, the SNCF entered into a contract with Thales to replace the signal
control point at Vitry-surSeine with the electronic interlocking solution LockTrac
PIPC, permitting an optimal level of safety while increasing the number of
trains that can travel on the line.

In Spain, Thales joined with Siemens to win two signalling, supervision and
telecommunications contracts to equip more than 5OOkm of lines on the
high-speed Antequera/Granada and Olmedo/Orense sections

Thales won several maintenance contracts for mainline lines, in particular
in Portugal and in Spain. In ticketing, Thales was awarded a maintenance
contract by the Dutch railway company NS for more than one thousand
access gates installed in the country’s largest train stations. More generally,
the mainline activity is sustained by framework agreements to provide
lockTrac electronic interlocking systems, in particular in France, Germany,
Austria, Switzerland and Norway.

In Morocco, the consortium formed by Thales, Huawei and Imet won a
contract to supply the railway operator ONCF with a turnkey communication
system based on the GSMR standard. As the leader of the consortium,
Thales runs the programme.

In addition, Thales has had several other successes in emerging markets
For example, Thales gained a foothold in Nigeria, winning a contract to
provide an integrated signalling and telecommunications system for the future
330-km line between ltapké and the Port of Warri

In India, Thales won a first ETCS Level 1 contract from Southern Railways to
modernise the Basin BridgeArakkonam section in Southern India

In Mexico, Thales was selected to deploy its signalisation ETCS Level 2
technology on the suburban rail line between Mexico City and Toluca, the
capital of the State of Mexico.

In urban transport, the SelTrac® CBTC signalling solution for metro invented
by Thales is an automatic train control system allowing operators to increase
traffic on their lines by reducing intervals between trains with optimal safety.

This solution was selected for the modemisation of wo networks in the United
States: for the San Francisco metro, in order to prolong an existing line,
and for the University of West Virginia, which also selected Thales ticketing
systems, passenger information systems and centralised operational control
systems to modernise its campus rapid transit network.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

125


--- Page 5 ---

126

Business Review
Operating segments

In Germany, Thales won a contract to equip the Mehringdamm station of
Line U6 of the Berlin metro with its LockTrac ESTW L905 NV electronic
interlocking solution

In France, the Bordeaux Metropolitan Area selected Thales to replace its
existing ticketing system with a contactless multimodal and interoperable
ticketing system

In addition, Thales‘s Urban Transport Unit won numerous contracts in
emerging markets. In Brazil, SelTrac® CBTC will equip two future metro lines
in Salvador, whilst the SaoPaulo metro selected Thales's telecommunications
systems for a future line in its network.

In Chile, Thales won a contract from the Santiago metro to supply an
operational control centre for two lines, and to carry out the migration of
the SCADA energy system (for management and optimisation of electrical
consumption) for the entire network.

2.1.3 DEFENCE & SECURITY SEGMENT
2131 Key data

2014 2013
Order book at 31 December €14915 m €13,226 m
Order intake €7,608 m €7114 m
Sales €6,480 m €6,456 m
BIT! €620 m €499 m
Consolidated headcount 31,257 31,131

{a} Non-GAAP indicator. See definition in the section entitled “Presentation of
Financial Information" in the Group management report on page 8.

Thales is a long-standing pariner to military and security forces around the
world, providing support on the ground to increase operational effectiveness
as well as ensure the highest levels of protection

Thales designs systems for all sectors: land, air, naval, space and
cyberspace. These systems detect and assess threats, manage information,
support rapid command decisions and control engagements, through to
threat neutralisation, with maximum reliability. By facilitating the coordination
of joint or coalition forces operations, they contribute to the decision-making
superiority of the forces.

As new risks emerge, defence alone cannot protect against new threats such
ass trafficking, terrorism, organised crime, cyber-attacks, natural disasters, etc

This convergence of defence and security requires new solutions and
technologies to be implemented to facilitate the sharing of existing information
and communication systems, as well as the protection of networks and
infrastructure.

The Defence & Security segment, with a primarily government customer base,
leverages Thales’ expertise in these various fields. Logically, the evolution in
this business is closely linked to changes in threats and defence spending
in the countries in which the Group operates.

{1} Identification Friend or Foe.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

In Azerbaijan, Thales for the first time signed a contract with the Bakou
metro to supply an integrated supervision and telecommunications solution
for Phase 1 of the Purple Line.

In Qatar, Thales won a contract to equip the future Lusail tramway with a
complete solution including ticketing, telecommunications, supervision and
security systems

In China, Thales's joint venture SAIC Transportation System Limited Company
won six metroline signalling contracts. It will supply the SelTrac® CBTC
solution to the metros of Hefei, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Guangzhou and
Shanghai

In India, Thales will equip the 80 stations of Phase Ill for the Delhi metro,
which extends over 100km, with a ticketing system including 900 access
gates. Thales also won the contract to provide a ticketing system for Phase 2
of the Gurgaon metro.

SALES
50%
Defence & Security __
~ 39%
‘eospace
\
11%
Tronsport
2132 Secure Communications
and Information Systems
21321 General overview

At the heart of the defencesecurity continuum, Thales offers interoperable
and secure information and telecommunications systems for military forces,
security forces and essential operators. These activities, which include radio
communications, networks, protection systems, and critical information
and cybersecurity systems, respond to the needs of markets in which new
technologies such as AG mobile communications, cloud computing and
big data are of utmost importance. Thales is present throughout the value
chain, from equipment to systems and systems of systems, logistical support
and related services.

These businesses represent four major segments:

= Radio Communication Products. Thales designs radios and embedded
and tactical communication solutions for the three environments (ground,
air and sea}, navigation systems, identification (IFF!"!) systems, and force:
protection systems. The armed forces of more than 50 countries around
the world are equipped with Thales solutions. The Group is a major player
in the development of high-performance, secure Software Defined Radio
(SDR) solutions. The contractor for the Contact programme in France, it is
also present at the European level with the Essor programme and in the
United States with the Rifleman programme;

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 6 ---

= Network and Infrastructure Systems. Ensuring the security, integrity,
service continuity and resilience of deployable or mobile infrastructure
and telecommunications networks are major challenges for governments,
armed forces and essential businesses. The solutions designed by Thales
respond to the needs of the most exacting customers in the world
For instance, Thales offers services ranging up to the operation and
management of secure networks for the armed forces, even in theatres of
operations. For example, for more than eight years Thales has operated
the ISAF!! Communications and Information Systems in Afghanistan
and deploys capacity for the armed forces currently engaged in Mali
In France, the Group is managing the development and deployment
phases, through to operation of the information, communication and
security systems of the future Ministry of Defence site;

Protection Systems. Thales develops information, command and
intelligence systems for armed forces. The Group also responds to the
growing safety needs of nations {identity management systems, border
control and surveillance), of cities (urban security, crisis management,
security for large events} and of critical infrastructure (protection of airports,
of public transportation, of sensitive sites, and of energy sites). These
solutions are intended to improve operational safety and efficiency by
facilitating rapid decision-making by the operators of the command and
control cenires or in mobile situations, and by providing their users with
relevant, clear and immediate information about their environment;

= Critical Information Systems and Cybersecurity. Thales actively
contributes to the performance, resilience and security of the critical
information systems of its customers, public bodies or large businesses,
in particular essential infrastructure operators, who are confronted with
numerous advances in computer programming and the continuous
evolution of cyber threats. Thales supports its customers from the analysis
of security challenges (detection and audit] to supervision of critical
information system security, through the phases of design, integration of
tailored products and solutions, maintenance and evolution of systems, as
well as maintaining them in safe condition. Thales also provides security
products and solutions (confidential or defence secret] in 50 countries,
including the NATO countries. The Group is among the worldwide leaders
in securing banking transactions, in particular through its Hardware
Security Modules (HSM)

2.13.22 Competitive position

Thales has a variety of competitors, both at the sector and geographic levels,
depending on the business.

In defence applications - radiocommunications, networks, and command
and control - the main competitors are American: Harris, General Dynamics
and Raytheon. The Israeli company Elbit Systems is also a competitor. In
Europe, Airbus Group is active, as are Rohde & Schwarz, particularly in the
areas of naval communications and electronic war, and Aselsan, essentially
for radiocommunications.

In security, Thales’s competitors are primarily in the aeronautic and defence
sector (Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Honeywell, Airbus Group, etc.) or in
the information systems sector (IBM, Atos, Capgemini, etc.). The latter are
also competitors of Thales in critical information systems.

Finally, in cyber security, Thales is in competition with companies like RSA
or Gemalto in the civil arena and BAE Systems, Ultra Electronics, Airbus
Group and Secunet in defence

Business Review
Operating segments

21323 Significant events in 2014

In France, Thales is continuing to pursue the Contact programme, which
beginning in 2018 will deliver the first Software Defined Radio (SDR)
solutions for ground, aeronautic and naval armed forces. In the United
States, Thales obtained a preseries contract for the soldier radio Rifleman,
and pursued its experiments with the MBITR 2 - the first two-channel portable
radio for the American armed forces. In Europe, Thales was chosen by three
major countries (France, United Kingdom and Germany) for the Mode 5
renovation of IFF systems for aircraft. In export, the Group recorded significant
orders for VHF and HF tactical radios in several countries in the Middle East
and Asia. Thales confirmed its position among the leaders on the market for
military vehicle intercommunication systems with the signature of contracts
in the Middle East and in Australia for its Sotas system

Finally, Thales took 100% control of APEC, which develops “command and
control systems” and tactical radios in Spain and now operates under the
name Thales Programas

In Secure Infrastructure and Networks, Thales was chosen by the armed
forces of Qatar to supply a satellite military communications system. This
new system will provide long-distance communication capacity to the ground
and naval forces for their missions of national security and protection of the
country's vital interests. In France, for the new headquarters of the Ministry
of Defence, Thales is already operating the critical information and security
systems for the users that are already installed

With respect to Protection Systems, in 2014 Thales had numerous successes
in this fastgrowing segment. Mexico City decided to entrust the Group with
doubling the size of its urban security system and with the maintenance
of its solutions. Thales was awarded new contracts by new clients for the
protection of critical infrastructure in the oil, port, and airport segment [first
global supervision system signed in France with Aéroports de Lyon). The
Group, which is in charge of security for the holy sites of Mecca, was
awarded a new coniract to extend the system. It was also in charge of
security for the G20 summit held in November in Brisbane, Australia. In the
area of biometrics and identity management, Thales confirmed its strong
position on the French market, with a doubling of biometric stations (Bionet
contract extended to 400 stations) and supplied Switzerland's first biometric
visa stations

In defence, in France, the DGA launched the Scorpion programme and
chose the group composed of Nexter, Renault Trucks Défense and Thales
for the renewal of all of its armoured combat vehicles, including support
equipment for information systems and for battlefield digitisation. Thales
will be responsible for the electronic architecture of the vehicles. With this
contract, combined with the contract already awarded for the Contact
Software Defined Radio, Thales reinforces its position as the electronics
provider of reference for the digitisation of the battlefield and for development
and information within the Land Force's platforms

Several clients renewed their confidence in Thales for their C41?! systems,
in particular Canada, Australia and France, with the SIC21 for the Navy
and the construction of the foundation for the Army Information System (SIA)

In Critical Information Systems and Cyber Security, Thales acquired Alcatel
Lucent's cyber security business and signed a commercial parinership giving
it access to the market for telecommunications operators and infrastructure
security. Thales reinforced its competitive position in the supervision of
critical information systems security by obtaining a major contract from a
global financial services leader. Several large providers of cloud computing
services, as well as two American distributors of digital content, chose
Thales’s nShield cyber security solution to secure their businesses.

(1) International Security Assistance Force (ISAF]. The ISAF is the military component of the coalition, under the aegis of NATO and under UN mandate, operating in Afghanistan

since 2001

(2) Computerized Command, Control, Communications and Intelligence.

THALES

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

127


--- Page 7 ---

128

Business Review
Operating segments

Finally, several agreements were signed to create cyber security chairs, in
particular with the University of Qatar and with the Naval Academy and
Telecom Bretagne, in cooperation with DCNS and the Brittany region

2133 Land and Air Systems

21331 General overview

Thales systems and equipment help to make airspace safer and more
secure. In civil air traffic control, Thales's portfolio ranges from conventional
navigational aids to radar and air traffic control centres, surveillance systems,
satellite navigation and airport management solutions.

Thales plays a key role as architect and integrator for the air traffic
management of the future, mainly through initiatives such as ICAO's"”) Aviation
System Block Upgrades in Europe and the NextGen programme in the
United States. Thales remains the leading Industrial Partner of the SESAR?!
project In Europe.

In the military domain, Thales owns 50% of Thales Raytheon Systems, a
leading international air defence company. Since its creation in 2001,
Thales Raytheon Systems has sold air defence radars, including the GM200
and GMA00 built by Thales, and cornmand and control centres for military
airspace throughout the world, ensuring the protection and security of forces
and resources deployed in over 60 countries. Thales Raytheon Systems is
notably prime contractor for NATO's Air Command and Control System
(ACCS).

Moreover, Thales offers in all continents, one of the broadest lines of civil
and military, ground based and naval radars on the market, for surveillance,
air traffic management and fire control

Thales offers a wide range of weapons systems for : medium-range
(SAMP/T], shortrange (Crotale and RAPIDDefender) and very shortrange
markets (RAPIDFire and RAPIDRanger). The Group also specialises in multrole
weapons systems based on the new lightweight multirole missile (LMM)
family, which includes a guided, freefall variant. Thales is also a major player
in the munitions sector: rocket mortar systems, metric precision munitions,
missile and bomb fuzing systems, vehicle close protection systems, soldier
systems and battlefield protection systems.

In optronics, Thales designs and manufactures components and systems
for day and night surveillance, reconnaissance, protection and target
acquisition on all types of land, sea (surface and subsurface] or air platforms
for defence and security customers worldwide. Thales’s expertise in optics
is also applicable to the commercial fields of zoom lenses for filrn-making
and lasers for scientific research:

Thales designs, manufactures and supports armoured military vehicles
including the Hawkei and Bushmaster. Thales provides integrated capability
solutions at all levels of the value chain from subsystem supplier, to system
integrator, mission systems design authority and prime contractor. The open
architecture systems of vehicles provides highly standardised “plug and
play” capability for on-board subsystems and products, increasing vehicle
capability and performance whilst reducing size, weight and operator
workload and whole life system costs.

{1} International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
(2) Single European Sky ATM Research:

21.3.3.2 Competitive position

Thales's expertise in all aspects of air traffic control (automation, navigation,
surveillance and satellite communication) is widely recognised by the world’s
civil aviation authorities. With over 40% of the world’s airspace controlled
by TopSky-ATC, Thales is at the forefront of air traffic control systems and
civilian radars

Other major players in the civil sector are the US groups Lockheed Martin
and Raytheon, European companies Indra and Finmeccanica (Selex}, and
in some niche areas Saab, Frequentis and Exelis

In the military segment, Thales's main competitors are the US groups
Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and Raytheon, and Finmeccanica,
Airbus Group, BAE Systems, Indra and Saab in Europe.

Thales is one of Europe's leading suppliers of medium-range, shortrange
and very shortrange missiles and weapon systems. Other principal players
in this field in Europe (MBDA) and the US (Raytheon and Lockheed Martin}
are also major customers of Thales's missile electronics and key partners in
weapon systems

Thales is one of Europe's foremost optronics suppliers facing competition in
this segment from US suppliers (Raytheon and Flir Systems}. The protected
vehicles systems market segment is dominated, on an international level, by
BAE Systems, General Dynamics, Rheinmetall, Krauss Maffei Wegmann and
Nexter, with Thales operating in Europe as an independent integrator both
for its own and other suppliers’ equipment within complex mission systems.

21333 — Significant events in 2014

In air traffic management, Thales (joinily with NATS, through the dedicated
The Aquila Air Traffic Management Systems joint venture) was awarded
a 22-year contract with the UK Ministry of Defence to transform air traffic
management at all its military airfields, including the provision of new
equipment, system upgrades, maintenance, support services and training
A number of contracts for civil air traffic control systems and radars were
signed in Europe (Bulgaria, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, UK and
COOPANS®}), in the Middle East, in Asia, in Africa and in Central and
Latin America. Regarding navigational aids, the main contracts were signed
in the United States, Africa and Asia. A leader of ATM innovation, first
industry partner in the European single-sky programme SESAR, Thales has
contributed to the success of }4D flight test, TOPMET prototype flight test and
has successfully passed important validations. The Group also introduced
SHAPE, its future vision of the Air Traffic Controller Working Position

Thales delivered 15 radars from the Ground Master family to air forces and
Thales Raytheon Systems signed contracts for 16 GM400 and GM200
radars to insure low and medium altitude surveillance of French territory. Iwo
additional Ground Master 60 have also been ordered by another country,
In weapon locating radars, Thales signed a major contract with a customer
in Middle Eastern countries for Cobra radar. In the naval domain, DCNS
has selected SmartS Mk2 radars to equip Gowind frigates for Egypt. In
addition, the French Ministry of Defence signed a development contract for
the new Sea Fire 500 multifunction AESA radar, which has been officially
launched during the Euronaval show.

Various important system tests and onsite tests were successfully completed as
a demonstration of the operational capabilities of the NATO Air Command
and Control System (ACCS), including theatre missile defence capability.
The deployment phase is currently under way in ltaly, France, Belgium and
Germany,

(3) COOPANS: air trafic management system involving Austria, Croatia, Denmark, Ireland and Sweden

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 8 ---

In the sphere of advanced weapons systems, 2014 was marked
by the delivery of last SAMP/T to the Italian and French forces. Thales
signed a contract for the ForceSHIELD Integrated Air Defence system and
STARStreak missiles for the Indonesian Ministry of Defence, integrating
radars, communications, engagement and fire control systems, launchers
and missiles to meet frontline users’ needs. The Lightweight Multirole Missile
(LMM) was selected to meet the UK MoD’s requirement for a Future Anti-
Surface Guided Weapon which provides the Royal Navy with a versatile,
rapidlydeployable and highly-effective capability to defeat the threat from
small ships and inshore attack craft. In the context of the UK Multi-mission
System Technical Demonstrator programme, successful missile firings from
the RAPIDRanger multiole launcher have taken place.

Thales also conducted a successful demonstration firing of its sub metric
precision 68mm laserguided rocket incorporating induction technology, from
a Tiger HAP helicopter for a programme overseen by the french Defense
Procument Agency (DGA). The Group also signed a significant contract with
the French Ministry of Defence to develop and qualify the next generation
of insensitive ammunitions for both the 81mm and 120mm mortars family
devoted to reinforce security, terminal effect and logistic performances.

In 2014, several export contracts were won in the Optronics domain
in particular in the Middle East and Asia. In France, Optrolead (a joint
company of Thales and Safran) has been selected for the renovation of
the Scorpion programme optronics suite. Thales also successfully launched
its long range thermal imager with more than 600 units ordered and also
recorded the first full operational flight of its MIRAS Missile Warner System
‘on board A4O0M.

In the field of lasers, Thales confirmed its market position on intense laser
intended for scientific research with the notification of contracts in Romania,
Germany and Japan

For Armoured Vehicle Systems, Thales won two new export markets, Japan
and Jamaica, for its Bushmaster vehicle, and also continued to progress on
the development of the Hawkei for the Australian light armoured vehicle
procurement programme. In the UK, a new vehicle mounted surveillance
capability was delivered to the Ministry of Defence, additional mission
systems for Foxhound patrol vehicles were ordered and further quantities of
rifle sights were supplied through the Future Integrated Soldier Technology
(FIST) programme

2134 Defence Mission Systems

21341 General overview

Thales has recognised global positions in airborne combat, intelligence,
surveillance and reconnaissance electronic systems as well as in naval
surface and underwater combat systems:

For airborne combat missions, Thales produces, in cooperation with
Dassault Aviation, radar systems and equipment for the Rafale, the Mirage
2000 and the future combat UAVs, as well as electronic radar Air French
Radar Naval Aviation systems, designed to detect threats and to protect
platforms

(1) Inteligence Surveillance Reconnaissance

THALES

Business Review
Operating segments

For airborne intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance missions,
Thales designs naval patrol and surveillance, ground and air surveillance
solutions, including a range of electromagnetic-based intelligence-gathering
sensors. These systems, installed on airborne platforms, integrate surveillance
radars, acoustical subsystems, electromagnetic support measure equipment,
and data links. Thales also designs complete UAV systems with intelligence,
surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance capabilities.

In surface naval warfare, the Thales offering covers all combat systems
with the integration of equipment (radar, electronic warfare, infrared sensors,
etc.), weapons systems, communications and command equipment, as well
as naval platforn engineering capabilities

In underwater warfare, the Group offers a broad line of products including
the submarine sonar suite, hultmounted and towed array sonar for surface
ships, anti-mine systems incorporating multiple sonars, including using
unmanned underwater vehicles, as well torpedo acoustic heads

2.1342 Competitive position

In electronic combat systems, Thales is one of the leading European players,
competing with Finmeccanica (Selex}, BAE Systems, Lockheed Martin,
Raytheon and Northrop Grumman in addition to Airbus Group, General
Atomics and Elbit in intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance systems.

In surface naval systems, Thales is one of the principal European players,
alongside Finmeccanica (Selex), Saab and BAE, and competes with
Lockheed Martin. In underwater warfare, Thales is one of the principal
European players along with Atlas Elektronik and Ultra Electronics, and is
in competition with the American companies Lockheed Martin, Raytheon

and 13

Significant events in 2014

Electronic Combat Systems. The ASTAC tactical reconnaissance pods were
adapted for the French Mirage 2000s, in order to carry out reconnaissance
missions heretofore carried out by Mirage Fs. Several demonstration flights
of the complete renovated Mirage 2000 system for the Indian Air Force were
successfully carried out. In addition, the first phase of studies relating to the
suite of multifunction sensors for the future Franco British combat UAV began
in collaboration with Finmeccanica. The French Ministry of Defence awarded
Thales a technological studies contract concerning the future generation of
active electronically scanned array. Finally, the first Rafale modernised to
the F3 standard was delivered to the French Navy.

2.1.3.4.3

Airborne surveillance and intelligence systems. A memorandum of
understanding with the armed forces of Qatar was signed to jointly develop
an optionally piloted aircraft composed of a highperformance ISTAR systern
The final standard for the maritime patrol aircraft for the Turkish Meltem 2
programme was delivered. The Master radar now has a maritime mode that
permits it fo visualise mobile targets on sea in addition to its ISR!" terrestrial
capabilities. The British Watchkeeper tactical UAV system is currently in use
in Afghanistan. It contributes to support and protect the British land forces
The new multirole airborne surveillance radar Searchmaster was launched:
the ATL2 mission aircraft from the Air French Naval Aviation will be the first
to be so equipped

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

129


--- Page 9 ---

130

Business Review
Operating segments

Surface naval systems. The Malaysian Royal Navy ordered six SMARTS
Mk2 naval surveillance radars for patrol ships and second-generation
coastline combat. The Netherlands acquired the new SCOUT Mk3 radar to
equip an interservice support ship. Poland signed a contract for the delivery
of the integrated combat system as well as sensors for a patrol ship. The
Australian Department of Defence renewed for a term of five years its award
of service management and ship-maintenance operations for the royal navy
at the port facilities of Garden Island in Sydney. At the same time, Thales will
perform maintenance on Australian frigates of the Adelaide class.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

Underwater warfare systems. The Malaysian Royal Navy ordered six Mk2
sonar for second generation patrol ships and coastline combat, Poland will
equip the Komoran Il mine hunter with acoustic systems. The British Royal
Navy awarded the contract for support of the 2050 sonar used on the
13 Type 23 frigates. Three new products were launched: the BlueWatcher
hul-mounted sonar and the related CAPTAS 1 sonar for warships and offshore
patrol vessels of over 300 tonnes, as well as the mine detector SeeMapper,
intended to secure maritime zones by mapping the seabed

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 10 ---

2.2

Thales needs to acquire increasingly sophisticated technologies, particularly
in detection, analysis and decisionmaking fields, in order to design and
develop critical information systems. These innovative solutions serve
customers in the aeronautics, space, ground transportation, defence and
security markets

Thales's R&D strategy is based on the conviction that a successful high-tech
company needs teams of high'level experts with the ability to understand

2.2.1

Some 25,000 Thales employees, over 70% of them engineers, are involved
in the Group's technical operations, ranging from research to engineering
In 2014 Thales spent €675m on selffunded R&D, representing 5.2% of
sales.

2.2.2 FOUR KEY TECHNICAL DOMAINS

Governance of research and development of key technologies is split into
four domains:

= hardware technologies: electronics, electromagnetism, optronics,
acoustics, radiofrequency techniques and management of thermal
constraints;

= software technology: signal and information processing computers, real-
time on-board systems, distributed systems, service-oriented architectures,

FO

Business Review
Research and innovation

Research and innovation

and evaluate the findings of the world’s best research centres. The durability
of the alliances which the Thales group maintains with its strategic partners
guarantees the construction of a solid technological foundation.

The research is carried out in accordance with guidelines aimed at giving the
Group's operating units the competitive edge they need to ensure sustainable
growth.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT - THE KEY TO COMPETITIVENESS AND GROWTH

A significant part of this budget is dedicated to upstream research, conducted
both at Thales Research & Technology (TRT] laboratories and the Groups
centres of expertise, in order to develop:

= new technologies;
™ new system and product concepts;

= new engineering tools and methods for critical information systems.

modeldriven engineering, engineering tools, information systems safety
and security;

® information and cognitive sciences: data fusion, data mining, autonomous
systems, synthetic environments, human factors;

= systems: focused on architectural system design, this area provides support
for methodology, processes and expertise

NETWORK VIRTUALISATION SUPPORTING MORE RESILIENT NETWORKS

SDN (Software-Defined Network) is a new approach to design network architectures, which allows applications to be liberated from the IT infrastructure;
to this end, software, in particular virtualisation technology, is integrated into systems and equipment. This innovation enables Thales to increase the

resilience and security of its solutions and products.

This innovation takes advantage of the synergies between network architecture and cloud computing and is having an impact on the IT and
telecommunications industries by speeding up the roll-out and integration of new services and facilitating their end-to-end management. SDN enables
integration of key security technologies such as hypervisor security, encryption and traffic analysis tools at the heart of the solutions.

The Thales R&D teams have developed an initial SDN solution. It illustrates the resilient interconnection between the various “cloud computing”
platforms using distributed architecture capable of adapting to constrained environments.

THALES

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

131


--- Page 11 ---

132

Business Review
Research and innovation

2.2.3

Wherever it has an industrial presence, Thales seeks to build partnerships
within innovation ecosystems, with academic partners design centres and
industrial groups to jointly innovate on applications, business models and
technologies.

To develop the technologies it needs, Thales relies heavily on cooperation
between its research teams and the academic world. Thales Research &
Technology (TRT), an international network of corporate laboratories, is
responsible for building relationships with academic pariners

TRT has facilities in France, the UK, the Netherlands, Singapore and
Canada. In France, the Palaiseau laboratory, located on the campus of the
Ecole polytechnique, is part of a unique environment of world-class research
networks, “Digiteo" (information technologies) and “Triangle de la Physique”
[Physics Triangle]. It is also heavily involved in the programme to build up
the world-class science and technology complex in Saclay.

Similarly, Thales’s research centre in the Netherlands is located at Delft
University, while the Singapore centre has partnered with Nanyang
Technological University and with France's national research institute CNRS,
in one of the few joint international research units with an industrial partner.

Thales has numerous strategic partnerships, for example, with the CNRS,
ONERA, Ecole polytechnique, Telecom Paris Tech, Université Pierre et Marie
Curie (UMPCParis VI) and Université Paul Sabatier (Toulouse Ill), to name
but a few.

The most advanced form of partnership is the joint laboratory operated by
Thales with the CNRS for physics, with CEALETI in the 3-5 Lab (an EIG

FO

2

INNOVATION HUBS, CATALYSTS FOR THE R&D STRATEGY

THALES AT THE HEART OF INNOVATION ECOSYSTEMS

whose members are Alcatellucent, Thales and CEAMETI), with CEALIST for
artificial vision and with UPMC in data mining

Thales is positioned as a major player in numerous high-tech clusters
(including System@tic Paris Région, Aerospace Valley in the southwest, the
Maritime clusters in Brittany and Provence Alpes-Céte d'Azur, the Images et
Réseaux — images and networks — telecommunications cluster in the Brittany
region, etc.) and the IRT (Institut de Recherche Technologique SaintExupéry),
of which it is a founding member.

In the United Kingdom, TRT has direct links to several major universities,
including Cambridge and Bristol. Thalles is an active member of a number
of centres of excellence: the MVCE (Mobile Virtual Centre of Excellence)
in mobile communications; the CSIT (Centre for Secure Information
Technologies) based at Queen's University Belfast; the IVHM (Integrated
Vehicle Health Management} at Cranfield University, and the CSIC (Centre
for Smart Infrastructure and Construction) based at Cambridge University.

In Canada, the Group regularly works with research networks and institutions
such as CRIAQ (Consortium de Recherche et Innovation en Aérospatiale au
Québec], the University of Toronto, McGill University, the Ecole polytechnique
de Montréal and Laval University, with which Thales concluded an agreement
for a joint research unit in urban sciences in November 2014.

In emerging countries, Thales is looking to spur its growth by establishing
innovation platforms locally, using the tried and tested principles of joint
innovation with local players, and in that way building close long-term
relationships.

In order to promote joint innovation with its clients, Thales is gradually rolling out “innovation hubs” in several regions of the world. These are based
on new methodology approaches for collaborative design, combining simulation, visualisation and rapid prototyping. The innovation hubs of Thales
are laboratories for identifying and analysing new operational requirements, creating and testing new applications.

By going one step further than simply adapting existing solutions for local markets, Thales is able to differentiate its product range to respond to
specific client requirements, whether these are based on business segment, market maturity, operating requirements or the country’s culture.

Two new innovation hubs were set up in Asia this year. Singapore is the very first multidisciplinary hub outside of Europe; it addresses maritime
surveillance, smart cities and defence. The Hong Kong hub focuses on ground transportation. Thanks to the multicultural and multidisciplinary teams of
Thales in Asia, local clients have access to the Group's portfolio of research and high technology solutions to meet their civil and military requirements.

Training also forms part of this overall strategy of creating links between the
Group and the academic world. This is achieved by involvement in doctorate
programmes and by the Group's support for teaching chairs.

The Group supports around 200 PhD students worldwide. They work on
subjects directly connected with a technical issue facing Thales, which thus
reinforces the appeal for young scientists.

Thales is already a pariner for ten university chairs, and in 2014 participated
in the creation of wo new research and teaching chairs, thus confirming its
commitment to higher education as the means of training the talent required
by our industries. In September, together with Safran and Dassault Aviation,

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

Thales created the “Aerospace and Defence” chair at the University of
Bordeaux. In October, Thales, in partnership with Keyrus, Orange, Ecole
polytechnique and the Ecole polytechnique Foundation created the Data
Scientist chair to meet the challenge of training the talent to generate
tomorrow's many innovations in “Big Data”

Thales also supports foundations such as the Fondation Télécom and the
Fondation de Recherche pour |‘Aéronautique et I'Espace, providing support
for those training, research and innovation programmes, which fully match
the Group's strategic orientation

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 12 ---

Business Review

Research and innovation | | 2 3

2.2.4 ADYNAMIC APPROACH TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
Thales supports its R&D activities with a dynamic approach to intellectual = Company's commitment to innovation and its ability to translate research
property management. results into competitive advantages.
In terms of the number of patents granted for its inventions (close o 400 new The Thales portfolio included more than 15,000 patents and patent
applications in 2014), Thales is on a par with most of its competitors. The applications at the end of 2014 and is regularly adapted to operational
continued large number of patent applications in recent years reflects the requirements, particularly to protect Thales’s market share.

FOCUS 3

THE “BIG OPTICAL EAR”

Underwater sonar antennas can “listen” to the sounds made by moving objects in the marine environment up to several kilometres away. These
sounds are converted into electrical signals using ultra-sensitive piezoelectric hydrophones, amplified and digitised underwater and then transmitted
to a processing centre above water, which detects, positions and identifies the nature of the source of the sounds.

After studies lasting several years, the Thales research teams in cooperation with innovative SMEs have recently successfully tested in water an
acoustic antenna demonstration platform using “All-Optical” technology. Made entirely from optical fibre and related components, this system does
not require any underwater electronics. Information is transferred from the antenna solely by laser via a several kilometre long fibre optic cable
with an extremely small diameter.

This disruptive technology has been patented by Thales and offers the Group's clients affordable new underwater acoustic surveillance capabilities:
a large coverage area, remote enquiry at very long distances, a compact format and ease of installation, compatible with use at extreme depths.

THALES REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

133


--- Page 13 ---

y ——_
©
xR
a

Business Review
Relations between Thales and its subsidiaries

23 Relations between Thales and its subsidiaries

2.3.1 SIMPLIFIED ORGANISATIONAL CHART OF THALES AT 31 DECEMBER 2014

This simplified organisational chart includes, in the main countries in which the Group operates, fully consolidated companies that account for more than
0.5% of consolidated sales

The companies consolidated under the equity method are not included in this chart {with the exception of DCNS).

a

FRANCE GERMANY NETHERLANDS UNITED KINGDOM CANADA UNITED STATES AUSTRALIA
100% 7 100% | 99% v 100% yv 55% 7 100% |
Thales Systémes Thales Electronics Thales Nederland Thales UK 12% Thales Canada Thales Avionics Thales Australia
Aéroportés SAS Systems GmbH BV limited [> Inc Inc lid
89% y 1% 100% RR 100%
Thales
Thales Air i 2% 31% Thales Defense
Systems SAS sae & Secutty Inc
77% v 23% 100% 100%
Thales Optronique Thales Avionics Thales Components
P| SAS | Lid Corporation
67% 100%
Thales Alenia Thales Training
[>| Space Sas [>| & Simulation Lid
100% 100%
Ll come ins {>| Thales Noval Lid
& Security SAS
100%
yor || holes Underwater
ly! Thales Underwater Systems Lid
Systems SAS
50% 100%
Thales Optronics
TholesRoyieon Pad
|->| Systems Company
SAS 100%
100% Thales Transport
Thao |g Security itd
imements
| SAS 100% 1
100% 100% Thales Ground
- — Transportation
Thales Services Thales Training & Ps
>} SASF) Simulation SAS Systems UK Ltd
100% 51%

Thales Electron
[>| Devices SAS

[>| Trixell SAS

100%

Thales Avionics
Electrical Systems SAS

100%

Thales Avionics
SAS

35%

>| DCNS

134

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 14 ---

2.3.2

The parent company acts as a holding company for the Group:

it holds shares in the Group's major subsidiaries;

it manages Group/evel functions such as corporate strategy, trading policy,

legal and financial policy, operational monitoring, human resources policy

and communications;

it provides subsidiaries with specialist assistance, including legal, fiscal
and financial expertise, for which the subsidiaries pay a fee;

it provides financing, cash pooling and, where necessary, guarantees

2.3.3

The parent company receives dividends from its subsidiaries, as approved
by their respective General Meetings of Shareholders, and in accordance
with the applicable legislation and regulations in their countries of operation

In addition to these dividends and the payment of fees for shared services, the
main financial flows between Thales the parent company and its subsidiaries
relate to cash pooling

THALES

Business Review
Relations between Thales and its subsidiaries

ROLE OF THALES PARENT COMPANY WITHIN THE GROUP

In addition to these functions, the parent company conducts its own research,
described on page 131 ef seq. of this document.

A list of the main consolidated companies can be found below.

FINANCIAL FLOWS BETWEEN THE PARENT COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES

As a tule, the cash surpluses of subsidiaries are transferred to the parent
company under a centralisation system known as cash pooling. In return,
the parent company meets the cash flow requirements of the subsidiaries,
conducting operations in financial markets to arrange the necessary
investments and loans to meet its own requirements and those of its
subsidiaries. Except in special cases, this system applies to all subsidiaries
in which Thales has majority control

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

135


--- Page 15 ---

Business Review
Information about major operational subsidiaries and manufacturing sites

2.4 Information about major operational
subsidiaries and manufacturing sites

2.4.1 LIST OF THE MAIN CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES (AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2014)

The materiality criteria used to prepare these tables have also been applied to the list of the main consolidated companies on note 17 to the consolidated
financial statements

241.1 Controlled companies (fully consolidated)

% of capital % of voting
Company name Registered office city Nationality held by Thales rights held
live TV UC Melbourne, Florida United States 100% 100%
TDA Armements SAS la Ferté Saint Aubin France 100% 100%
Thales Alenia Space SAS CanneslaBocca France 67% 67%
Thales Alenia Space Italia SpA Rome ltaly 67% 67%
Thales Air Systems SAS Rungis France 100% 100%
Thales Australia lid Potts Point Australia 100% 100%
Thales Austria GmbH Vienna Austria 100% 100%
Thales Avionics SAS Velizy-Villacoublay France 100% 100%
Thales Avionics Inc Irvine United States 100% 100%
Thales Avionics Electrical Systems SAS Chatou France 100% 100%
Thales Canada Inc Saintlaurent Canada 100% 100%
Thales Communications & Security SAS Genneviliers France 100% 100%
Thales Defense & Security Inc Clarksburg United States 100% 100%
Thales Electronic Systems GmbH Stuttgart Germany 100% 100%
Thales Espana Grp SAU Madrid Spain 100% 100%
Thales Electron Devices SAS Velizy-Villacoublay France 100% 100%
Thales Italia SpA Milan ltaly 100% 100%
Thales Nederland BV Hengelo Netherlands 99% 99%
Thales Norway AS Oslo Norway 100% 100%
Thales Optronique SAS Elancourt France 100% 100%
Thales Transportation Systems GmbH Stuttgart Germany 100% 100%
Thales Ground Transportation Systems UK lid Addlestone United Kingdom 100% 100%
Thales-Raytheon Systems Company SAS!*) Massy France 50% 50%
Thales Services SAS VelizyVillacoublay France 100% 100%
Thales Solutions Asia Pte Lid Singapore Singapore 100% 100%
Thales Systemes Aéroportés SAS Elancourt France 100% 100%
Thales Transport & Security ltd Weybridge United Kingdom 100% 100%
Thales Training & Simulation SAS Osny France 100% 100%
Trxell SAS@! Moirans France 51% 51%
Thales Underwater Systems SAS Valbonne France 100% 100%
Thales UK ltd Weybridge United Kingdom 100% 100%

{a} Following a modification of the shareholders’ agreement leading fo taking full control of ThalesRaytheon Systems Company SAS and Trixell SAS within the meaning of
IFRS 10. See note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

{b) In 2014, Thales UK Lid included the activities of Thales Air Defence Lid, Thales Avionics Lid, Thales Naval ltd, Thales Optronics Lid, Thales Underwater Systems Ltd! and
Thales Training & Simulation Lid.

136 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014 THALES www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 16 ---

Business Review

Information about major operational subsidiaries and manufacturing sites

241.2 Joint ventures (consolidated by the equity method)

% of capital % of voting
Company name Registered office/city Nationality held by Thales rights held
Air Command Systems International SAS (ACSI) Massy France 50% 50%
Citylink Telecommunications Holding lid london United Kingdom 33% 33%
DCNS Paris France 35% 35%
Diehl Aerospace GmbH Uberlingen Germany 49% 49%
Junghans Microtec GmbH Dunningen-Seedorf Germany 45% 45%
Samsung Thales Co. Lid GumiCity South Korea 50% 50%
Softadir SAS Chatenay:Malabry France 50% 50%
241.3 Associated companies (consolidated by the equity method)

% of capital % of voting
Company name Registered office/city Nationality held by Thales rights held
Aviation Communications & Surveillance Systems Wilmington United States 30% 30%
Air Tanker Holdings lid Weybridge United Kingdom 13% 13%
Cloudwatt Boulogne Billancourt France 22% 22%
Elettronica SpA Rome Italy 33% 33%
ESG Elektroniksystem & Logistik GmbH Furstenfeldbruck Germany 30% 30%
ThalesRaytheon Systems Company LLC Fullerton United States 50% 50%
Telespazio SpA Rome ltaly 33% 33%
2.4.2 MAJOR MANUFACTURING SITES
As of the end of 2014, there were fourteen sites employing more than 1,000 staff:
‘At 31 December 2014 Headcount Owned Size (m’)
France
Bordeaux (South-west) 2,126 Leased (Le Haillan), and Owned (Pessac} 59,000
Brest (Brittany) 1,399 leased 56,000
Cannes |Provence} 1,899 Owned-Leased 83,000
Cholet 1,150 leased 51,000
Gennevilliers (Ile-de-France) 3,413 leased 86,000
Elancourt {Ile-de-France} 2,987 leased 104,000
Massy (Ile-de-France) 1,045 leased 26,000
MeudonlaForét/Vélizy (lle-de-France] 4,551 leased 130,000
Rungis {Ile-de-France} 1,095 leased 31,000
Toulouse (South-west) 3,727 Owned-Leased 142,000
United Kingdom
Crawley 1,867 leased 34,000
Netherlands
Hengelo 1,348 Owned 87,000
Australia
Sydney 1,079 leased 60,000
Germany
Stuttgart 1,500 leased 59,000

THALES

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

137
