

--- Page 1 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

14

Introduction

Introduction

At the beginning of August 2014, the friendly merger of the two
companies Sopra and Steria was confirmed by the success of the
public exchange offer by Sopra for Steria. On completion of the
legal stages of the merger-absorption operations, on 31 December
2014, a new European leader in digital transformation was created:
Sopra Steria Group.

Sopra Steria has a culture based on independence and
entrepreneurship and is continually transforming to adapt to the
challenges of its clients and to cyclical developments in technology,
offering one of the most complete portfolios of digital services on
the market, spanning consulting and systems integration, industry-
specific solutions, infrastructure & security services and business
process services (BPS).

Reasons for the tie-up

Sopra and Steria, two independent companies, had a stable core
shareholder base with long term investors and a common culture
placing their clients, employees and innovation at the heart of their
strategy.

Given the great complementary fit between them on an operational
level, and taking into account the increased speed of the profound
changes in the IT market, these two IT services pioneers wanted
to combine their know-how to form a European leader in digital
services with a relevant, differentiated offering to meet the
transformation challenges of their clients.

Over the twelve months of financial year 2014, the new group
achieved pro forma revenue of €3,370.1m, with offices in
20 countries and a workforce of over 37,000 professionals.

AN INDUSTRIAL-SCALE PROJECT

From an industry perspective, the merger between Sopra and Steria
is a response to the profound market changes brought about by
the digital revolution and new modes of service consumption.
Together they form a group with the critical mass and capacity
to deliver the best transformation solutions to clients. The new
group's portfolio of offerings is one of the most comprehensive
on the market, encompassing consulting and systems integration
(57%), industry-specific solutions (13%), infrastructure and security
services (16%) and business process services (14%).

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

GOOD MATCH OF BUSINESS LINES AND GEOGRAPHIC
SEGMENTS

In terms of business lines and geographic segments, the match
between the two entities is very strong. Sopra brings the power
of its organisation in France, the strength of its banking, human
resources and property management solutions, and its effective
application management model.

For its part, Steria brings its international reach (Europe and Asia)
with a strong position in the United Kingdom, a relevant offering
in business process services and its expertise in IT infrastructure
management.

The combined group’s industrial-scale production capacity is
significantly reinforced with an array of offshore and nearshore
service centres representing a workforce of more than 6,000 people,
including about 5,000 in India.

The merger of Sopra and Steria

Sopra Group (ISIN: FROQO0050809) and Groupe Steria (ISIN:
FROO00072910), both pioneers in IT services, announced in
April 2014 a merger of their two groups by way of a public
exchange offer initiated by Sopra Group for the shares of Groupe
Steria (the “Offer”).

On completion of the Offer, Sopra Group held thirty million forty
thousand five hundred and forty-three (30,040,543) Groupe Steria
shares representing 90.52% of the share capital and 89.41% of
the voting rights of the company. Following the success of this
operation, Sopra Group changed its corporate name to Sopra
Steria Group.

In continuation of the public exchange offer initiated by Sopra
Group for Groupe Steria, and in line with the intentions announced
by Sopra Group and Groupe Steria when the merger proposal
was disclosed, also included in the information memorandum on
the Offer approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the
“AMF") on 24 June 2014 (AMF visa no. 14-322, the “Information
Memorandum"), the Boards of Directors of Groupe Steria and
Sopra Steria Group, meeting respectively on 29 and 28 October,
authorised the signing of a proposed agreement for the merger by
absorption (fusion-absorption) of Groupe Steria into Sopra Steria
Group (the “Merger Agreement”).

On 17 and 20 October 2014 respectively, the local and central
works councils of Sopra Steria Group submitted their opinions on
the proposed merger by absorption of Groupe Steria into Sopra
Steria Group (the “Merger”).


--- Page 2 ---

On 2 and 17 October 2014 respectively, the European and central
works councils of Groupe Steria submitted their opinions on the
proposed merger.

The Merger Agreement was signed on 5 November 2014 and
notice of the Merger was published on the websites of Groupe
Steria and Sopra Steria Group on 14 November 2014 in compliance
with Articles R. 236-2 and R. 236-2-1 of the French Commercial
Code.

Besides this Merger, the following internal reorganisation operations
were carried out on 31 December 2014:

= a partial transfer of assets (apport partie! d’actif) by Steria SA
(a French limited-liability company with a board of directors
and share capital of €14,876,895, having its registered
office at 12, rue Paul Dautier, 78140 Vélizy-Villacoublay and
registered in the Versailles trade and companies registry under
number 309 256 105, hereinafter “Steria”, wholly-owned by
Groupe Steria) to Sopra Steria Infrastructure & Security Services
(a wholly-owned subsidiary of Steria and registered in the Annecy
trade and companies registry under number 805 020 740)
corresponding to its Infrastructure Management business for
client IT systems and networks;

a partial transfer of assets by Steria to Sopra Banking Software
(a virtually wholly-owned subsidiary of Sopra Steria Group,
registered in the Annecy trade and companies registry under
number 450 792 999) corresponding to its Advanced Payment
business delivering specific IT systems and solutions for automated
payments and cash machines;

a partial transfer of assets by Sopra Steria Group to Sopra HR
Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sopra Steria Group,
registered in the Annecy trade and companies registry under
number 519 319 651) corresponding to its business focusing on
the development and distribution of human resources software
solutions, known under the name “Pléiades”; and

= the merger by absorption (fusion-absorption) of Steria into Sopra
Steria Group.

These internal legal restructuring operations took place on
completion of the Merger, namely 31 December 2014, the closing
balance sheet date of the financial year ended, immediately
following the completion of the Merger, sequentially, in the order
given above.

For the reader's information, as provided by Article L. 236-3 of the
French Commercial Code, the merger by absorption of Steria into

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Introduction

Sopra Steria Group did not give rise to the implementation of an
exchange ratio insofar as, at the completion date of the merger by
absorption of Steria, Sopra Steria Group held all of Steria’s share
capital as a result of the prior completion of the Merger of Groupe
Steria into Sopra Steria Group. It is also specified that Sopra Steria
Group and Groupe Steria had undertaken to retain all of the shares
making up the share capital of Steria until the completion date.
Consequently, no new Sopra Steria Group shares were created
as consideration for the transfer of Steria’s assets by way of the
merger, and Sopra Steria Group did not carry out a capital increase
in connection with the merger by absorption of Steria into Sopra
Steria Group.

The proposed Merger was subject to approval by the shareholders
of Sopra Steria Group and Groupe Steria at an Extraordinary General
Meeting held on 19 December 2014. The agenda and proposed
resolutions submitted at the Extraordinary General Meeting to the
shareholders of Sopra Steria Group were published in the Bulletin
des Annonces Légales Obligatoires dated 14 November 2014
(Bulletin No. 137).

The Merger was part of an effort to simplify the structure of the
new group in France:

= a parent company that would be both a holding company and
an operating company, bringing together, in addition to the
Chairman and Executive Management, the central functional
departments and the consulting and systems integration business
lines in France, and holding, directly or indirectly, all of the new
group's operating subsidiaries and equity interests;

= a company specialised in the development of banking software;

= a company specialising in the development of human resources
management solutions; and

= a company specialising in IT infrastructure management and
cybersecurity in France.

The Merger therefore made it possible to create an operating
parent company holding all of the new group's holdings, each
specialising in a particular IT field. The Merger also facilitated the
operational organisation of the new group and helped reduce
operating costs, notably by rationalising the costs attributable to
Groupe Steria’s status as a listed company. It will also accelerate the
synergies sought after as part of the merger project.

The merger by absorption of Groupe Steria into Sopra Steria Group
became effective on 31 December 2014. On 2 January 2015,
Groupe Steria’s shares were delisted from Euronext Paris.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

15


--- Page 3 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF
Key figures

1. Key figures

1.1. Key income statement and balance sheet items

{in millions of euros) 2013
Revenue 3,370.1 2,280.3 1,349.0
Gross operating profit 283.9 220.6 113.2
Operating profit on business activity 231.2 193.0 108.9

As % of revenue 6.9% 8.5% 8.1%
Profit from recurring operations 210.9 180.3 101.1

As % of revenue 6.3% 7.9%. 7.5%.
Operating profit 156.8 148.2 103.9

As % of revenue 4.7% 6.5% 7.7%
Net profit attributable to the group 92.8 98.2 71.4

As % of revenue 2.8% 4.3% 5.3%
Total assets 3,496.8 1,178.5
Total non-current assets 2,160.0 570.0
Equity attributable to the group 1,057.1 357.9
Minority interests 31.3 -
Number of shares at 31 December 20,371,789 11,919,583
Basic earnings per share (in euros) 6.81 6.00
Fully diluted earnings per share (in euros)“ 6.77 5.92
Net dividend per share (in euros) 1.90% 1.90
Total workforce at 31 December 37,358 16,284

(1) Pro forma 2014 revenue per Sopra accounting policies and after restatement of intra-group items: 12 months Sopra + 12 months Steria.

(2)2014 JERS financial statements: 12 months Sopra + 5 months Steria.

(3) Net profit attributable to the group divided by the average number of shares during the year.

(4) Net profit attributable to the group divided by the average number of shares during the year, taking into account the dilutive effect of instruments convertible into ordinary shares.
(5) Dividend to be proposed at the General Meeting of 25 June 2015.

1.2. Breakdown of revenue by sector

(in %) [a Ence |

France 39%
United Kingdom 28%
Rest of Europe 20%
Sopra Banking Software 8%
Other Solutions 5%
TOTAL 100%

16 __ Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 4 ---

1.3. Revenue by vertical market

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

(in %)

Financial Services 27%
Public Sector 23%
Aerospace, Defence, Homeland Security 15%
Transport, Services 12%
Telecoms, Media and Games 8%
Energy, Utilities 8%
Retail, Manufacturing 7%
TOTAL 100%

See pages 4 and 5 of this document.

3.1. A European leader in digital
transformation

Sopra Steria, a European leader in digital transformation, has
one of the most extensive portfolios of offerings available on the
market, spanning consulting and systems integration, industry-
specific solutions, infrastructure and security services and business
process services (BPS).

The group provides a comprehensive response to the development
and competitiveness challenges facing large companies and
organisations by supporting them throughout their transformation,
from strategic analysis, programme guidance and the conversion
and operation of IT structures, to the design and implementation
of solutions and the outsourcing of business processes.

Combining added value, innovative solutions and high-performance
services, Sopra Steria’s hybrid model capitalises on its substantial
experience. Thanks to very close relationships with its clients, the
group is able to continually innovate to ensure that its offerings
remain relevant to the strategic challenges of each of its vertical
markets.

Sopra Steria is an independent group, controlled to a significant
level by its founders and managers, with over 37,000 employees
in 20 countries implementing a strategy based on major European
accounts.

Sopra Steria Group is also the preferred partner of Axway Software,
whose “Axway 5 Suite” exchange platforms play an important role
in renovating information systems and opening them up to digital
technology.

History of Sopra Steria Group

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

3.1.1. CONSULTING AND SYSTEMS INTEGRATION

a. Consulting

Sopra Steria Consulting, the group’s consulting brand, is one of the
main players in the consulting sector. Sopra Steria Consulting has
40 years’ experience in management and technology consultancy
for large companies and public bodies, with 1,500 consultants
in France and Europe. Its aim is to accelerate the development
and competitiveness of its clients through support for their digital
transformation.

b. Systems integration

Systems integration is Sopra Steria’s original core business, and
covers all aspects of the information system lifecycle and major
transformation programmes. Sopra Steria is equipped to address
the full range of its clients’ software asset needs:

Design and integration

Sopra Steria’s teams help their clients to implement agile, industrial-
scale projects. The group undertakes to design and deliver systems
in line with business requirements that are flexible and scalable,
so that they can be adapted to the new requirements of digital
transformation.

Performance and transformation

In addition to standard maintenance of information systems, Sopra
Steria applies a continuous transformation approach to guarantee
optimised operational efficiency for its clients, suited to changes in

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

17


--- Page 5 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

18

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

their business. The transformation approach includes an enhanced
operating procedure while reducing the time to market.

Enterprise data architecture

Once they have been integrated, the systems and technologies
implemented give access to reliable, relevant and critical data,
offering better analysis of end-client satisfaction and optimisation
of service performance.

The group’s systems integration offering meets the challenges of
both the obsolescence and modernisation of information systems,
ensuring optimal flexibility and value creation

3.1.2. IT INFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT

AND CYBERSECURITY

Sopra Steria operates all or part of an IT infrastructure by providing
services such as:

= the service desk: technical and business assistance to users or
client help desks;

= supervision of systems and network infrastructures;

m administration and operation of systems and network

infrastructures;
= hosting infrastructures in data centres;
= information system security.

The group's activity in these areas is characterised by a significant
transformation component

As a result, upstream of the operating phase, the group takes
responsibility for developing its clients’ practices and processes
based on organisational and technological standards that are
continually optimised, offering services such as:

Infrastructure as a service (laaS)

Sopra Steria supports its clients in their transformation by
aggregating traditional infrastructure services with cloud services,
in a comprehensive and secure laaS offering

Cloud service broker offering

Sopra Steria facilitates the integration of cloud services (laaS, PaaS,
SaaS) in the company’s ecosystem, regardless of the method of
sourcing (private or public) via three functions:

= aggregating services within a portal based on service catalogues;
= customising services to suit user profiles;

= integrating services in the information system and orchestration

End-user-centric approach

Sopra Steria offers an end-user-centric approach enabling users
to access any application, anytime, anywhere, regardless of the
system used.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

3.1.3. INDUSTRY-SPECIFIC SOLUTIONS

Sopra Steria offers its business expertise to clients via packaged
solutions in three areas: Banking, Human Resources and Property
Management. The group adapts and deploys its application
solutions to offer its clients high-performance enterprise software
packages, in line with the development of their company and the
latest information technology, know-how and expertise.

Banking

Sopra Banking Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sopra
Steria) produces software solutions for a wide range of banking
operations, enabling financial institutions to improve their
responsiveness, agility and more generally their productivity. In
addition to its software offering, Sopra Banking Software offers
deployment, support and training services. In 2014 it had over
600 clients in 70 countries.

Solutions: Sopra Banking Software's offerings are suitable for retail,
direct or network banks, as well as for private banks. The Sopra
Banking Suite meets general needs by offering integrated systems,
but also more specific needs such as loan services, payment
transactions, management of bank cards and accounts, banking
distribution, cash management and regulatory compliance via a
wide range of business components.

Services: Sopra Banking Software offers a number of services
linked to its solution offering. From consulting to analysis,
planning, training of teams, implementation and maintenance,
Sopra Banking Software supports clients throughout their project.

Sopra Banking Software operates its own solutions and also offers
an SaaS solution for direct banks.

Human Resources

Sopra Steria Group also produces human resources management
solutions via Sopra HR Software (a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Sopra Steria). The offering is based on two product lines (Pléiades
and HR Access) aimed at public and private large and medium-sized
organisations, regardless of their business sector, organisational
complexity or location.

Insourcing and outsourcing solutions are based on the most
innovative business practices and cover a wide range of functions:
payroll, administration, time and activity management, talent
management, reporting and dashboards.

Sopra HR Software currently has a workforce of 1,300 people,
managing over 12 million employees for 850 clients in 54 countries.

Property Management

Sopra Steria is France's leading developer of property management
solutions. The group’s offering meets the requirements of all
corporate and private real estate market segments, including
offices, shopping centres and warehouses.


--- Page 6 ---

The Altaix, kos and Ulis solutions cover all corporate real estate
sectors, for both rental and technical management, and are
marketed via comprehensive solutions: products, innovative
technological services and support services.

3.1.4. BUSINESS PROCESS SERVICES

Through its business process services offering, Sopra Steria operates
and executes, for its clients, all or part of a process or function
within the company.

The group has become a leading player for optimising operations,
rationalising costs and improving management flexibility, offering
solutions to outsource processes in different fields:

= finance and administration (F&A) functions;
= human resources (staff administration) functions;

= functions involving business processes, for example the
operation and execution of control room processes for the
police, management of bank card fraud detection for financial
institutions, and management of loyalty cards in the mass
retailing sector.

From consulting to operation, the teams include experts in business
processes, technology, integration and data architectures, who
design solutions combining performance and profitability thanks
to the experience they have gained.

Sopra Steria has a key position in the business process services
market in Europe. In particular, the group operates the largest
platform for shared services in Europe handling financial processes
(NHS SBS) and was the first IT service provider to take over the
operation of part of the business and back-office processes for
a police force in Europe (Cleveland police force in the United
Kingdom). Winning the SSCL* contract at the end of 2013
considerably strengthened this position, making the group the first
European player to be involved in both the building and operating
of platforms for shared services.

3.2. Business expertise at the
heart of our strategy

Sopra Steria has chosen the major vertical markets that constitute
its areas of excellence. The group has a comprehensive offering in
each of these fields, meeting the specific challenges of each of its
clients

3.2.1. BANKING

The banking sector is Sopra Steria’s principal market. This sector
is undergoing major changes and is subject to considerable
constraints. In an environment where regulatory requirements
are constantly changing, the digital revolution has led to the
emergence of digital banking and increased the expectations of

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

clients who now have multiple banking relationships, and are
increasingly sensitive to technological developments.

Faced with these new challenges, Sopra Steria aims to be a partner
that will accelerate this transformation.

Sopra Steria Group and its subsidiary Sopra Banking Software
turn the changes in the banking world into opportunities for their
clients, whether for risk management, regulatory compliance, data
protection, improving client experience, optimising performance or
identifying new sources of income.

3.2.2. INSURANCE AND SOCIAL WELFARE

Under pressure both from competitors and regulatory constraints,
together with the acceleration of new usage patterns and changes
in the behaviour of policyholders, insurance companies, mutual
insurance companies and social welfare organisations must
complete the revolution that has begun in this sector. Four major
challenges must be met: control costs, improve the satisfaction of
policyholders, comply with new regulations and preserve the levers
of growth, all within a very short time to market.

In this market Sopra Steria offers its clients products aimed at
achieving operational efficiency and a competitive advantage,
through services such as: industrialisation and aligning of business
processes and information systems, enhanced value of client
experience, acceleration of paperless processes and digital
transformation, valuation of data and information assets and the
use of connected objects for prevention, big data for combating
fraud and artificial intelligence for smart care.

3.2.3. PUBLIC SECTOR

Faced with new expectations from citizens and the need to optimise
expenses, the public sector has introduced a vast programme to
transform its activities and organisation. To address these new
concerns, Sopra Steria has developed solutions for pooling the
support functions of the state and local authorities, re-engineering
business processes, online administrative services, and modernising
healthcare information systems. As a result, public sector players
ensure that they meet their targets and priorities at the lowest cost,
giving their information system the agility it requires to cope with
the challenges they face.

3.2.4. DEFENCE

Security is a key issue for many governments. In a tense geopolitical
context, marked by the rise of new threats to states (cybercrime,
terrorism, etc.), defence departments must improve their
effectiveness while taking into account budgetary constraints. It
has become essential to optimise the interoperability and security
of critical operational systems for exchanging real-time information.

* Shared Services Connected Limited, a joint venture between Sopra Steria and the British Cabinet Office.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 7 ---

20

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF
Activities of Sopra Steria Group

With over 40 years’ experience in supporting ministries and
authorities, Sopra Steria combines pragmatism and innovation,
thanks to powerful technological and business solutions:

= interoperability and security of military systems;

= administrative performance and overall efficiency of the armed
forces;

= efficiency of the military supply chain (supply chain management);

= operational and communication information systems (SIOC in
French) for more reliable operations (industrialisation of tests);

m access control for sensitive sites, identity management and
biometrics;

= control over costs and the complexity of command and control
compliance

3.2.5. HOMELAND SECURITY

Sopra Steria supports public authorities in meeting the challenges
of homeland security. The group operates in 24 countries, serving
clients with various specialities: police, emergency services, border
control, censuses, justice, customs and homeland security.

Sopra Steria carries out large-scale, complex and critical projects on
behalf of these organisations, concerning

= management of surveys;
= automation of command and control solutions;

= management of identity and civil and criminal biometrics
documents;

a intelligent, distributed computer systems;
= infrastructure security;

= mobile technologies to optimise operations on the ground.

3.2.6. AERONAUTICS AND SPACE

The aeronautics and space market is a particularly fertile sector
in terms of innovation. It is subject to constraints regarding
reliability, availability, security and performance, which require a full
command of the technologies and processes implemented, as well
as of clients’ core businesses.

For optimal service, companies operating in this sector must
align their capacities with the pace of production, optimise
their processes and information systems while also improving
profitability, deal with the regulation of heavy air traffic while
also improving safety, and continually innovate within R&D cost
constraints.

To meet these challenges, Sopra Steria’s expertise comes into
play such critical areas as production performance, supply chain
management and on-board systems as well as air traffic control,
always giving priority to technological innovation and business
know-how.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

3.2.7. TELECOMS, MEDIA AND GAMES

The telecoms, media and games sector is at the centre of the digital

revolution, and is continually developing to stay abreast of new

digital interactions and the emergence of new technologies and

usage patterns.

Sopra Steria supports its clients, helping them to meet the

following main challenges:

= transformation of the telecoms businesses: fixed-mobile
convergence, acceleration of time to market, optimisation and
digitalisation of client relationships;

network management: reduction in infrastructure management
costs, introduction of new technologies, reduction in delivery
lead times for processes, sharing of operating and investment
expenses between operators;

core media business: use of new technologies, optimization of
advertising revenue, digitalisation of content, improvement in
the creation and broadcasting of television programmes;

core Games business: management of the development of
client loyalty and churn, fraud reduction and control of cash
flows, compliance with specific regulations for different games
and distribution channels, differentiation according to client
experience.

3.2.8. ENERGY AND UTILITIES

Faced with increasingly heavy budgetary, regulatory and fiscal
constraints, players in the energy sector must be increasingly
creative to improve their productivity, develop new products and
services, control costs, reduce their environmental impact and
rationalise their operations.

Added to these challenges are the maintenance of production and
distribution infrastructures that are becoming obsolescent, and the
rapid changes in client requirements.

Via technological and transformation services, infrastructure
management and business process services, Sopra Steria supports
the transformation of energy operators and utilities in all their main
businesses: exploration, production and trading, transport and
distribution, marketing and services.

3.2.9. TRANSPORT

The efficiency of processes and operational excellence are crucial
in this sector, whether for road, rail, sea or air transport, urban
transport or logistics. Major challenges currently faced by transport
operators include ecological impact reduction, mobile technologies,
the client experience, safety improvements and pressure to reduce
prices.

Sopra Steria offers both consulting and operation of passenger
management systems, geographical information systems,
transformation of multimodal hubs and optimisation of transport
systems. Combining pragmatism, innovation and_ in-depth


--- Page 8 ---

knowledge of the sector, Sopra Steria offers its clients decisive
advantages, including:

= real-time information;
= optimisation of mobile capabilities;

= optimised safety thanks to management of disruptions and
crises;

= environment-friendly and profitable urban transport networks;

optimised management of resources, infrastructure assets and
maintenance;

= lean management.

3.2.10. RETAIL, MANUFACTURING

Retailers face an unfavourable economic environment and profound
and continual changes in the patterns of consumption of clients
who increasingly use digital technology. Transformation is essential
and involves having secure, controlled business practices as well
as the innovation needed to meet consumer requirements for
immediate and flexible services.

Sopra Steria guides retailers in their digital transformation, making

their information system a lever for performance:

= omnichannel: control of data architecture and information flow
to increase proximity to clients;

a flexibility: agility of the enterprise architecture and flexibility of
resources (cloud);

m speed: management of short cycles, renewal of ranges,
management of new products;

= support: data management/use, mobile technology, international
channels;

= cost control: operational efficiency of logistics and warehouses;
standardisation of information systems, optimisation of
management processes.

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Activities of Sopra Steria Group

3.3. A robust, ambitious mass
processing strategy

Sopra Steria manages complex and large-scale programmes and
projects in a market where delivery commitments are increasing
and becoming globalised. The group has an increasingly wide
range of skills to support multi-site projects that generate strong
gains in productivity with delivery models that guarantee clients an
optimal cost structure.

Sopra Steria applies an industrial production approach, supported
by five levers:

= production culture: transmission of know-how and expertise in
the field;

m choice of personnel: human resources are central to the
approach, providing training, support and improved skills for
each employee;

organisation: the Industrial Department and its representatives in
the business units control production quality and performance,
identify and manage risks, support project managers and roll out
industrialised production processes;

m equipment: the Quality System, in particular “eMedia” and
associated software tools;

= global delivery model: rationalisation of production by pooling
resources and know-how within service centres, location of
services according the requirements of each client (local services
in France, nearshore in Spain, Tunisia and Poland, and offshore
in India).

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

21


--- Page 9 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

22

Digital services sector: current situation and challenges

Digital services sector: current situation and challenges

4.1. The main markets - Competitive environment of digital services

firms

In 2014 the digital services market in Western Europe was worth an estimated €175.4bn “ (excluding computer hardware/software

packages/maintenance services).

| DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Country (in billions of euros)

France 23
United Kingdom 59.4
Germany 27.8
Rest of Europe 66.7
TOTAL 175.4

Source: Gartner, fourth quarter 2014, Dec. 2014. Exchange rate used for conversion into euros: USDIEUR 0.75 (2014 average rate).

| DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET IN WESTERN EUROPE (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

Business (in billions of euros)

Consulting 30.4
Development and systems integration 51.8
Outsourced IT services 67.3
Business process outsourcing 25.9
TOTAL 175.4

Source: Gartner, fourth quarter 2014, Dec. 2014. Exchange rate used for conversion into euros: USDIEUR 0.75 (2014 average rate).

According to IDC, in 2014 growth in global spending on computer
software and IT services excluding technology consultancy, BPO and
management consultancy amounted to 4.1%; this can be broken
down by geographic zone as follows

= Asia-Pacific: +5.6%;
= United States: +3.9%;

m= Western Europe: +2.3%. Within this zone, there was the
following breakdown between the main countries:

e France: +1.4%,
© United Kingdom: +2.6%,
© Germany: +3.4%,
© Italy: -0.1%,
® Spain: +0.9%.
The European market presents three main characteristics:

= three countries alone (the United Kingdom, Germany and France)
account for 62% of IT services spending in Europe ";

(1) Source: Gartner, third quarter 2014, Dec. 2014.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

= outsourcing of technology services (application maintenance and
infrastructure management) and business process outsourcing
together account for over 53% of the services spending of
European companies \;

= the sector that consumes the most IT services in western Europe
is the financial services sector, comprising banks and insurance
companies, which invested a total of €44.8bn in 2014, i.e. more
than 25% of the total market.

In spite of the recent consolidations, the IT services market remains

highly fragmented in Europe. The main competitors of Sopra Steria

are divided into four categories:

= large-scale North American players, present on all continents:
IBM, HP EDS, CSC, Accenture, CGI, etc.;

mlarge European players offering a full range of services
(consultancy, development, operation, BPS) and a globalised
production model: Capgemini, Atos, etc.;


--- Page 10 ---

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss
Digital services sector: current situation and challenges

= Indian players showing strong ambitions in continental Europe With €3.4bn in revenue at the end of 2014 and a market share of
thanks to a favourable production cost structure: TCS, Cognizant, 1.9%, Sopra Steria is one of the 10 largest digital services firms in
Wipro, Infosys, etc.; Europe (excluding captive service providers and local players).

a local players positioned in niche segments with high added value
or general purpose services.

| GLOBAL TRENDS IN THE DIGITAL SERVICES MARKET (EXCLUDING HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE)

2015 trends

World +4.3%
Western Europe* +2.9%
United States +4.1%
Asia-Pacific +5.9%

* Including France +2.1% - Source: IDC.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria 23


--- Page 11 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

24

Simplified group structure at 31 March 2015

Simplified group structure

at 31 March 2015

sopra S steria

Sopra HR Software
(France)

‘Sopra HR
Software S.

(5

Sopra HR
Software GmbH*
(Germany)

(Belgium)

Sopra HR
Software
(Luxembourg)

‘Sopra HR
Software
({taly)

(United Kingdom)

Sopra HR
Software
(Tunisia)

Sopra HR
Software
(Morocco)

Sopra Banking
Softwar
(France)

9
Software Belgium
(Belgium)

9
Software GmbH

(Germany)

Sopra Banking
Software Morocco
(Morocco)

Sopra Banking
Camerou
(Cameroon)

(Céte d'Ivoire)

Delta development
Systems
(Algeria)

Sopra Banking
Software Singapore
Pte.ltd (Singapore)

Sopra Steria
| eInfastrucure& Security
Services (France)
Stetia Polska
[7 (Poland) |

Beamay
[7 France |

Sopra India
b> Private Ltd
(India)

Steria Medshore
(Morocco)

Le

FRANCE

Note: Companies are directly or indirectly more than 95% owned, unless otherwise specified.
(*): Company whose corporate name changed after 31/12/2014,

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

Sopra Steria

Sopra Steria
Ser Utd
(United Kingdom)
Sopra Steria Ltd
(United Kingdom)

Sopra Steria
Recruitment Ltd
(United Kingdom)

NHS Shared
Business Services Ltd:
(United Kingdom)

Shared Services
‘Connected Ltd SSCL:
(United Kingdom)

Stetia UK

Corporate Ltd
(United Kingdom)

Steria India Ltd
(\ndia)

SI

Asia

Sopra Group
Informatica SAU
(Spain)

Sopra Group
Euskadi SL
(Spain)

Steria Benelux
(Belgium)

‘Steria PSF
Luxembour
(Luxembourg)

Sopra Belux
Belgium)

Sopra Luxembourg
(Luxembourg)

Sopra Steria
Group SpA*
(italy)

(Switzerland)

Sopra Informatique
(Switzerland)

g
H
&

Sopra Steria GmbH
(Germany)

Steria
Mummert ISS GmbH;
(Germany)

Steria Mummert
Consulting GmbH
(Austria)

Sopra Group GmbH
(Austria)

Sopra Ster
(Norway)

Sopra Steria A/S
(Denmark)

Sopra Steria AB
(Sweden)

‘Axway Software

‘Axway subsidiaries |


--- Page 12 ---

6] Group organisation

Sopra Steria Group’s governance structure consists of a Board
of Directors, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief
Executive Officer.

This organisational structure is supported by an ongoing operational
and functional structure as well as temporary structures for the
management of particular deals and projects.

6.1. Ongoing structure

Sopra Group’s ongoing structure is composed of four operational
tiers and their associated functional structures.

6.1.1. TIER 1: EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

Executive Management is represented by the Chief Executive
Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer and the Executive
Committee (Comex).

Executive Committee consists of the Chief Executive Officer, the
Deputy Chief Executive Officer and the directors of the main
operating and functional entities.

The members of the Sopra Steria Group Executive Committee
supervise the group’s organisation, management system, major
contracts and functions and take part in the group’s strategic
planning and implementation

6.1.2. TIER 2: SUBSIDIARIES OR COUNTRIES

These are the main operating entities. They target specific markets
based on two criteria:

= business line (consulting and systems integration, industry-
specific solutions, infrastructure and security services and
business process services (BPS);

= geographic location (country).

These entities are managed by their own Management Committee,
comprising in particular the Director and management of tier 3
entities.

6.1.3. TIER 3: DIVISIONS

Each country or subsidiary is made up of divisions based on two
criteria:

= vertical market;

= geographic location (region).

6.1.4. TIER 4: BRANCHES

Each division is made up of branches, which are the organisation's
primary building blocks. They operate as profit centres and enjoy

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Group organisation

genuine autonomy. They have responsibility for their human
resources, budget, operating account and results. Management
meetings focusing on sales and marketing strategy and human
resources are held weekly, and the operating account and budget
are reviewed on a monthly basis.

The diagram below illustrates the four main tiers of the ongoing
structure:

Sopra Steria Group Executive
Committee

Subsidiaries and/or Countries

Divisions

Branches

Tier 4

6.1.5. OPERATIONAL SUPPORT FUNCTIONS

The operational organisation is strengthened by operational

support entities responsible for managing major transformations:

= the Key Accounts and Partnerships Department responsible for
promoting the “Key Accounts” policy and developing relations
with partners. The role of this department is to coordinate the
commercial and production approaches for our major clients
when different branches are involved;

= the Offerings and Innovation Department;

= the Industrial Department responsible for industrialising working
methods and organising subcontracting on offshore platforms.
It also checks that fixed-price projects are properly implemented.

6.1.6. FUNCTIONAL STRUCTURES

The functional departments are grouped together in two divisions:

= the General Secretariat Division which comprises four departments:
the Human Resources Department, the Legal Department, the
Communications and Marketing Department and the Sustainable
Development and Corporate Social Responsibility Department;

athe Finance, Real Estate, Purchasing and IT Division which
comprises three departments: the Administration and Finance
Department, the Real Estate and Purchasing Department and the
IT Systems Department.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

25


--- Page 13 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

26

Review of the group’s position and results

These centralised functions ensure group-wide consistency.
Functional managers transmit and ensure commitment to the
group's core values, serve the operational entities and report
directly to Executive Management.

The group's functional structures standardise management rules
(information system resources, IT systems, financial reporting, etc.)
and monitor the application of strategies and rules. In this manner,
they contribute to overall supervision and enable the operational
entities to focus on business operations.

6.2. Temporary structures for
specific deals and projects

The group's organisation must retain flexibility in order to adapt
to changes in its markets and ensure the successful completion of
projects.

These are handled by temporary teams:
= within the branches;

m under the authority of a pilot unit, established to leverage
synergies across several branches.

Each project is organised and carried out in order to meet
fundamental objectives: client service, business success, and
contribution to the overall growth of the group.

Depending on their particularities (size, area of expertise, geographic
area covered) large-scale projects can be managed at the branch,
division, subsidiary/country or Executive Management level. Certain
large projects requiring the resources of several branches may
involve the creation of a division.

7.1. General context and key
events in 2014

Over the last few years, the group has developed a specific business
model based on consulting, systems integration, application
outsourcing and software solutions development (banking, human
resources and property management sectors).

It has positioned itself and adopted a successful model based not
only on increasingly rapid technological and digital development
but also on outsourcing and business combinations. This novel
business model makes it difficult to make a comparison with other
companies within the sector which have positioned themselves
differently.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

6.3. Creation of an Integration
Committee

An Integration Committee was set up in order to manage
the integration of the two companies (Sopra and Steria). This
committee is managed jointly by the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and the Executive Management.

It meets weekly and is attended by the various integration
stakeholders, the operational managers involved and the functional
departments concerned.

This committee has enabled both companies to focus on defining
the future organisation and methods of operation, which were
formalised in documents presented to the employee representative
bodies on 17 June 2014.

Once the success of the public exchange offer had been recognised
and the opinions of the employee representative bodies had been
received regarding the merger of the two groups, the Committee
accelerated and intensified its work. Sopra Steria Group introduced
a single management organisation for the group’s operations on
1 January 2015.

The change management plan was established by teams from
both Sopra and Steria. It resulted in a vast integration programme
defined for each population and operational and functional entity.
Integration programmes were defined for each business line. These
programmes include training courses, meetings, presentations
and seminars adapted to the context of each operating entity and
function.

Review of the group’s position and results

The merger of Sopra Group with Groupe Steria in 2014 marked a
break (the operation is described in the introduction to Chapter 1
of this Registration Document).

The planned merger announced in April 2014 resulted in the
creation of Sopra Steria Group following the success of the public
exchange offer by Sopra for Steria (results published by the AMF
on 5 August 2014). As a result, Steria was included in the scope of
consolidation of the Sopra group at the beginning of August 2014,
thereby forming Sopra Steria Group.

With over 37,000 employees in 20 countries and one of the most
extensive portfolios of offerings on the market, the new group
is particularly well placed to meet the needs of its clients, who
face increasing digital transformation challenges. To this effect,
responses from key clients following the public exchange offer were
very positive and the sales opportunities are promising.


--- Page 14 ---

Financial year 2014 was marked by three other operations:

= the acquisition by Sopra Banking Software of COR&FJA Banking

Solutions GmbH (see Chapter 4 Note 2);

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss
Review of the group’s position and results

m the acquisition by Sopra HR Software of IBM’s HR Services
business (see Chapter 4 Note 2);

athe signing of an industrial and commercial partnership
agreement with CS Communication & Systemes (see Chapter 1
Section 7.3.2.).

7.2. Consolidated financial statements for financial year 2014

7.2.1. CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

(in thousands of euros) 2013
Revenue 2,280,350 1,348,995
Staff costs -1,437,602 -911,911
External purchases and expenses -605,648 -306,294
Taxes and duties -23,430 -17,625
Depreciation, amortisation, provisions and impairment -26,994 -21,263
Other current operating income and expenses 6,341 17,022
Operating profit on business activity 193,017 108,924
as % of revenue excl. VAT 8.5% 8.1%
Expenses related to stock options and related items -2,040 -2,973
Amortisation of allocated intangible assets -10,644 -4,855
Profit from recurring operations 180,333 101,096
as % of revenue excl. VAT 7.9% 7.5%
Other operating income and expenses -32,107 2,849
Operating profit 148,226 103,945
as % of revenue excl. VAT 6.5% 7.7%
Cost of net financial debt -7,431 -6,980
Other financial income and expenses -10,731 -1,439
Tax charge -34,440 -32,546
Net profit from associates 5,880 8,430
Net profit from continuing operations 101,504 71,410
Net profit from discontinued operations - -
Consolidated net profit 101,504 71,410
as % of revenue excl. VAT 4.5% 5.3%
Non-controlling interests 3,303 8
NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE GROUP 98,201 71,402

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria 27


--- Page 15 ---

28

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF
Review of the group’s position and results

Sopra Steria 2014 consolidated revenue “, which includes revenue
from the Steria scope between 1 August and 31 December 2014 of
€798.3m, was €2,280.3m, compared with €1,349.0m reported
by Sopra for the preceding financial year.

Total staff costs for employees and external contractors represented
63% of revenue, compared to 67.6% in 2013. The rate of
consultant downtime (number of days between two contracts
excluding training, sickness, leave and pre-sales over the total
number of working days) was 4.4% over twelve months in 2014. It
should be noted that in 2013 the downtime rate was 5.0%.

At the end of December 2014, the year-end workforce (including
trainees and fixed-term contracts) totalled 37,358 people, compared
to 16,284 people at the end of December 2013. This increase in
the workforce is mainly due to the inclusion of Steria employees.

External purchases and expenses increased as a percentage of
revenue: (-)26.6%, compared with (-)22.7% in 2013.

Depreciation, amortisation and provisions, i.e. 1.2% of revenue in
2014, fell by 0.4% as a percentage of revenue.

Operating profit on business activity totalled €193.0m or 8.5% of
revenue, compared with €108.9m or 8.1% of revenue in 2013.

Profit from recurring operations amounted to €180.3m,
corresponding to 7.9% of revenue, compared with €101.1m and
7.5% of revenue in 2013, i.e. an increase of 0.4%.

Expenses related to stock options and free shares amounted to
(-}€2.0m in 2014, compared with (-)€3.0m in 2013.
After allocating goodwill on acquisitions and on the merger with

Steria, additions to amortisation of allocated intangible assets
totalled (-)}€10.6m in 2014, compared with (-)€4.9m in 2013.

Operating profit totalled €148.2m or 6.5% of revenue, compared
with €103.9m or 7.7% of revenue in 2013

Other operating income and expenses amounted to a net expense
of (-)}€32.1m, compared to net income of €2.8m in 2013. This
mainly comprises charges relating to the public exchange offer with
Steria, restructuring and integration expenses and the reversal of a
provision of €17.4m for the Axway Software securities held.

The cost of net financial debt totalled (-)€7.4m in 2014, compared
with (-)}€1.4m in 2013

Other financial income and expenses amounted to an expense of
(-}€10.7m in 2014, compared with an expense of (-)€7.0m in
2013.

The tax charge totalled (-)}€34.4m, compared with (-)}€32.5m in
2013.

The 2014 profit or loss for the year for equity-accounted companies
includes the share of earnings of Axway for the period, i.e. €5.9m.

The net profit came to €101.5m, i.e. 4.5% of revenue, compared
with €71.4m in 2013, i.e. 5.3% of revenue.

Income from minority interests, which mainly comprise the UK joint
ventures of Steria, amounted to €3.3m, resulting in a group share
of earnings of €98.2m, compared with €71.4m in 2013.

Basic earnings per share (calculated on the basis of the weighted
average number of shares outstanding during the financial year)
was €6.81 compared to €6.00 in 2013, and diluted earnings
per share (taking into account share subscription options already
granted but not yet exercised) was €6.77 compared to €5.92 a
year earlier.

To provide a clearer account of the group’s consolidated financial statements, which include Sopra’s results for the whole year and Steria’s

results from August to December, we will present successively:
= the results of Sopra alone in 2014;
= the results of Steria alone for the whole of 2014;

= the pro forma results of Sopra and Steria for the whole of 2014.

a. Results of Sopra alone

Revenue Operating profit on business activity

growth pO «2014/2013

(€m) %) (€m) | (% of revenue) (€m) | (% of revenue) (change)

France 786.6 761.9 +2.8% 66.6 8.5% 60.2 7.9% +0.6%
Europe (excluding France) 262.5 247.6 +4.1% 7.2 2.7% 12.6 5.1% -2.4%
Sopra Banking Software 258.2 216.1 +7.6% 32.0 12.4% 23.6 10.9% +1.5%
Other Solutions. 174.7 123.4 +10.9% 22.0 12.6% 12.5 10.1% +2.5%
TOTAL 1,482.0 1,349.0 +4.7% 127.8 8.6% 108.9 8.1% +0.5%

With revenue of €1,482.0m for the financial year ended
31 December 2014, the Sopra scope posted total growth of 9.9%.
Organic growth was strong, amounting to 4.7%. In the fourth

quarter, organic revenue growth was particularly strong at 8.8%.
The operating margin on business activity was 8.6% (8.1% in
2013), amounting to €127.8m for the financial year.

(1) Pro forma 2014 revenue per Sopra accounting policies and after restatement of intra-group items: 12 months Sopra + 5 months Steria

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 16 ---

In France, revenue totalled €786.6m for the year, representing
organic growth of 2.8%. The Sopra scope once again outperformed
a market that remained difficult in this zone. Its operating profit on
business activity amounted to €66.6m, representing a margin of
8.5% and a 60 basis point increase over the previous financial year.
Based on its strategic approach focusing on major clients and in
spite of a difficult market context, the group generated growth and
improved its performance thanks to its financial services, energy
and transport activities which proved particularly robust.

In Europe, organic revenue growth was 4.1%, with revenue of
€262.5m. The situation was, however, mixed between the strong
growth recorded by the Spanish, Swiss and Belgian subsidiaries and
the challenges experienced in Germany and the United Kingdom
in particular. The operating profit on business activity was €7.2m,
corresponding to a margin of 2.7% of revenue, compared with
5.1% in 2013. Operational challenges in Germany and the lack of
growth in the United Kingdom and Italy dampened performance.
The Spanish, Swiss and Belgian subsidiaries, for their part, delivered
improved profitability.

Sopra Banking Software achieved revenue of €258.2m in 2014,
representing organic growth of 7.6%. The fourth quarter was
marked by the signing of a major industrial partnership with La
Banque Postale, which selected the Sopra Banking Platform suite
to rationalise and modernise its information system. The year also

b. Results of Steria alone

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Review of the group’s position and results

featured a steady flow of licence sales which enabled revenue
growth of 31.7% in the final quarter of the year. This performance
validates the investment strategy that has been implemented for
several years with the aim of building innovative, comprehensive
and integrated core banking solutions to support banks in
their digital transformation. Sopra Banking Software achieved
an operating margin on business activity of 12.4% in 2014, i.e.
operating profit on business activity of €32.0m. Over the financial
year the subsidiary continued its investments in its products and
sales development. The partnership with La Banque Postale and
year-end licence signings enabled it to deliver an excellent second
half featuring an operating profit on business activity equal to
17.9% of revenue, up from the first-half figure of 6.1%.

Other Solutions, which combines the Sopra HR Software subsidiary
and property management products, registered significant revenue
growth in 2014, with organic growth of 10.9%. After a slowdown
in the third quarter of 2014, organic growth bounced back up
to 5.0% in the last quarter of the year. The operating profit on
business activity amounted to €22.0m, equal to 12.6% of revenue.
Sopra HR Software, which benefited in June from the acquisition
of HR Access Service, achieved profitability of 11.8%. The range
of products designed for various segments of the property
management market delivered an operating margin of 15.0% for
the financial year.

The operating profit on business activity by region given below is presented after central costs “”’.

Revenue Operating profit on business activity

growth > 2014/2013

(€m) %) (€m) | (% of revenue) (€m) | (% of revenue) (change)

United Kingdom 859.4 691.5 +18.2% 84.8 9.9% 62.9 9.1% +0.8%
France 538.1 555.4 -3.1% 8.1 1.5% 19.6 3.5% -2.0%
Germany 212.3 239.1 -11.2% 67 -3.2% 10.9 4.6% -7.8%
Rest of Europe 277.2 268.9 +7.1% 12.4 45% 14.3 5.3% -0.8%
GROUP 1,887.0 1,754.9 +6.0% 99.4 5.3% 110.4 6.3% -1.0%

For the Steria scope, 2014 revenue totalled €1,887.0m,
representing total growth of 7.5%. At constant exchange rates
and scope, revenue growth was sustained and amounted to 6.0%.
For the fourth quarter, which featured a higher base of comparison,
organic growth was 3.0%. Operating profit on business activity
was €99.4m, equalling a margin of 5.3%, as compared to 6.3%
for financial year 2013.

Growth in the United Kingdom was very significant in 2014, with
a rise in revenue of 18.2% at constant exchange rates and scope.
This trend, driven by business process services (up 42.7% in the
financial year) was sustained in the public sector where the joint

(1) In order to comply with the presentation used by Sopra.

venture SSCL ” grew rapidly and was boosted by the decision
of the UK Home Office and Ministry of Justice to join the shared
service platform. Momentum was also good in the Homeland
Security, Energy and Transport sectors, while Telecommunications
and Financial Services experienced negative growth. Operating
profit on business activity was up strongly at €84.8m (€62.9m
in 2013) thanks to a significant increase in business volumes in
Business Process Services and a level of profitability in this segment
higher than the historical average. In total, the operating margin on
business activity was 9.9%, compared with 9.1% in 2013.

(2) SSCL: Shared Services Connected Limited, joint venture between Sopra Steria and the UK Cabinet Office.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria


--- Page 17 ---

30

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF
Review of the group’s position and results

In France, organic growth declined by 3.1% year-on-year. The
slight positive growth recorded in the Energy/Utilities and Banking
sectors was not enough to offset the downward trends in
Telecommunications, Transport and Insurance sectors and the
Public Sector. The operating margin on business activity for
2014 was 1.5%, versus 3.5% for the previous financial year. The
consulting and systems integration business, notably impacted
by the decision of the French State to discontinue the “Ecotaxe”
programme, experienced a decrease in revenue after the boost
received in 2013 from the final stages of building that system. On
the other hand, IT infrastructure management, whose revenue for
the financial year was stable, posted a minor operating loss, which
was an improvement over the prior financial year.

In Germany, the situation was challenging for the entire financial
year, with negative annual revenue growth of 11.2%. This drop in

revenue is attributable to the departure of consultants following
the management reorganisation in 2013 and the change in the
entity's historical business model. Against this backdrop, fourth-
quarter revenue growth was negative at -12.9%, after negative
growth of -15.1% in the third quarter. In this context, the region
booked an operating loss on business activity of (-)}€6.7m,
compared with an operating profit on business activity of €10.9m
for financial year 2013.

In Other Europe, organic revenue growth was 7.1%. The region
saw steady growth in Scandinavia (+13.9% organically) while
revenue in Belgium continued to be impacted by the contraction
of the Schengen project. The operating margin on business activity
was 4.5% (5.3% in 2013), mainly on account of the decrease in
profitability in Belgium.

c. Pro forma results of Sopra Steria for the 12-month financial year 2014

(€m) (% of revenue)
Revenue 3,370.1
Operating profit on business activity 231.2 6.9%
Profit from recurring operations 210.9 6.3%
Operating profit 156.8 4.7%
Share of net profit from equity-accounted companies 6.0
Net profit 101.6
of which attributable to the group 92.8 2.8%
of which attributable to minority interests 8.8

The presentation of the pro forma financial statements is explained
in Chapter 4 Note 3 of this Registration Document.

Pro forma revenue amounted to €3,370.1m for the group as a
whole, with an operating profit on business activity of €231.2m,
ie. 6.9%.

The profit from recurring operations represented 6.3% of revenue
after deducting expenses related to stock options and free shares
of (-)}€2.3m and an amortisation expense of (-)€18.0m for all
allocated intangible assets, including those linked to the Sopra
Steria merger.

Operating profit amounted to €156.8m, i.e. 4.7% of revenue
after taking into account non-recurring costs of (-)€71.5m and
the reversal of a provision of €17.4m for impairment of Axway
securities.

Net profit amounted to €101.6m, i.e. 3.0% of revenue, and
comprises:

= cost of net financial debt of (-)}€9.8m;
= other financial income and expenses showing a loss of (-)}€20.1m;
= income tax expense of (-)}€31.3m;

= share of Axway’s net profit recognised using the equity method,
totalling €6.0m.

The group’s share of the net profit after deducting minority
interests was €92.8m

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

7.2.2. BALANCE SHEET AND FINANCIAL STRUCTURE

Details regarding the net assets at the start of the year are given in

Chapter 4 Note 2 of this document.

Non-current assets increased from €570.0m to €2,160.0m at

31 December 2014. This item mainly comprised

= goodwill of €1,449.3m compared with €317.5m in 2013;

= intangible assets of €219.5m compared with €54.0m in 2013;

= property, plant and equipment of €109.9m compared with
€49.2m in 2013;

= equity-accounted investments (Axway Software) amounting to
€146.8m compared with €118.8m in 2013;

= deferred tax assets of €156.3m compared with €25.6m in 2013.

Trade accounts receivable amounted to €942.3m, compared with
€442.4m in 2013

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €222.4m compared with
€102.2m in 2013

Consolidated shareholders’ equity totalled €1,088.4m at
31 December 2014 (including €31.3m in non-controlling interests)
compared with €357.9m in 2013. The statement of changes in
consolidated shareholders’ equity included in Chapter 4 of this
Registration Document provides a detailed presentation of the
principal movements.



--- Page 18 ---

Borrowings and financial debt totalled €664.8m, compared
with €256.8m in 2013, including €594.9m in long-term bank

borrowing, €69.9m in current bank borrowing, €10.4m_ in
equipment leasing agreements (IT hardware), and €26.9m
allocated to the special employee profit-sharing reserve, reclassified
as employee-related liabilities

Net debt at the end of 2014 totalled €442.4m.

A breakdown of the change in net debt can be found in Note 24

to the consolidated financial statements, in Chapter 4 of this

Registration Document.

Other current liabilities, which totalled €900.5m compared with

€416.4m in 2013, mainly comprised:

= employee-related liabilities (personnel and social security) of
€388.5m;

a tax liabilities for €216.5m, essentially corresponding to value
added tax included in client receivables;

= a corporate income tax liability of €83.8m;

= accrued income and prepayments of €191.4m, comprising the
portion of billing revenue already issued but yet to be booked
as revenue.

At 31 December 2014, the group’s financial position remained

strong, with total equity of €1,088.4m and net debt of €442.4m.

7.3. Investments during the year

7.3.1. ACQUISITIONS DURING THE YEAR

The most important event during the year remains the Sopra Steria
merger (discussed in the introduction to this chapter).

In addition Sopra Banking Software acquired COR&FJA Banking
Solutions GmbH and Sopra HR Software acquired the HR Access
Services business of IBM France (discussed in Chapter 4, Note 2 to
the consolidated financial statements).

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Review of the group’s position and results

7.3.2. SIGNING OF AN INDUSTRIAL AND
COMMERCIAL COLLABORATION AGREEMENT
WITH CS COMMUNICATION & SYSTEMES

On 6 June 2014, Sopra Steria signed an industrial and
commercial collaboration agreement with its long-time partner,
CS Communication & Systemes. The main objective of the
agreement is to improve and reinforce overall performance, notably
by developing existing industrial and commercial collaborations
in aeronautics and defence, and by establishing new areas for
cooperation in activities related to security, space and energy.

In July 2014, following this agreement, Sopra Steria subscribed
for an issue of convertible bonds open to CS Communication
& Systémes shareholders in the amount of €8.2m, and an
agreement was entered into with the majority shareholder of CS
Communication & Systémes on customary terms.

7.3.3. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF SOLUTIONS

The group increased its R&D initiatives, investing €95.2m in
2014, compared with €76.7m in 2013, to develop and expand
its industry-specific solutions. All of these totals are gross amounts
and do not take into account funding related to the French R&D
tax credit.

These R&D expenses, which relate mainly to the direct cost of
staff dedicated to developing certain solution offers and software
packages created by Sopra, have been recognised in full as
operating expenses.

7.3.4. FACILITIES

A total of €28.6m was invested in 2014 in infrastructure and
technical facilities, as against €19.7m in 2013.

Investment in facilities comprised the following:
a fixtures and fittings: €12.3m;
a IT equipment: €16.3m.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

31


--- Page 19 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

32

2014 Sopra Steria Group SA individual financial statements

2014 Sopra Steria Group SA individual

financial statements

After the merger with Steria SA and Groupe Steria SA, Sopra Steria
Group SA comprises all of the consulting, systems integration and
solutions development activities in France except for HR Access
and Sopra Banking Software, as well as all the group’s functional
services. It has systems integration and solutions subsidiaries
in Europe, subsidiaries developing software for banking (Sopra
Banking Software) and human resources management (Sopra HR
Software), the infrastructure subsidiary Sopra Steria Infrastructure
& Security Services, and has a 25.36% stake in the global software
company Axway Software, the market leader for data flow
governance.

The accounts are presented in detail in Chapter 5 of this
Registration Document.

8.1. Income statement

The individual financial statements cover the period after the
merger with Steria SA and Groupe Steria SA, with retroactive effect
from 1 January 2014.

Revenue amounted to €1,447.5m in 2014, as against €853.3m
in 2013.

8.2. Balance sheet

There was an operating loss of (-)€38.7m in 2014, compared with
a profit of €51.5m in 2013.

There was a net financial loss of (-)}€36.4m in 2014, compared with
a gain of €1.3m in 2013.

The loss before tax and exceptional items amounted to (-)}€75.2m,
compared with a profit of €52.9m in 2013.

The exceptional loss amounted to (-)}€60.3m in 2014, compared
with a loss of (-)€1.4m in 2013.

The voluntary and compulsory employee profit-sharing expense
decreased from (-)€5.2m in 2013 to (-)€1.9m in 2014 and
corporate income tax increased from (-)€5.3m in 2013 to €18.7m
in 2014.

Net income declined from a profit of €40.9m in 2013 to a loss of
(-}€118.7m in 2014.

Research and development linked to Solutions activities represented
an investment of €21.1m, mainly for property management and
human resources activities (Pléiades).

In accordance with Article 39-4 of the French Tax Code, the
accounts for the last financial year include a charge of €586,054
in respect of non-deductible expenses.

Shareholders’ equity increased from €239.2m at the end of 2013 to €749.9m at the end of 2014.

Pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 441-6-1 and D. 441-4 of the French Commercial Code, trade accounts payable had the following

breakdown:

Amount due Amount due

Total amount Amount not in less than in more than
(in thousands of euros) outstanding yet due 60 days 60 days
At 31 December 2013 43,896 43,409 478 9
At 31 December 2014 97,911 86,769 897 245

Sopra Steria observes the payment terms required by law in France
for trade accounts payable: a maximum of 60 days from the issue
date of the invoice.

Fixed assets amounted to €1,735.3m in 2014 compared with
€479.8m in 2013. These comprised non-current financial assets
totalling €1,106.4m, intangible assets totalling €582.7m and
property, plant and equipment totalling €46.2m.

8.3. Identity of shareholders

Sopra Steria Group’s share ownership structure is described in
Chapter 6, Section 2 Current ownership, of this Registration
Document.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

8.4. Acquisition of Beamap

On 28 February 2014 Steria acquired in France all of the shares
of Beamap, a consultancy and architecture firm specialising in
cloud computing. This takeover was in line with the group’s cloud
investments and enables the group to better assist clients with
consulting, management and roll-out for their cloud projects.

The acquisition cost of Beamap was €2.8m.

This acquisition is not mentioned in the Sopra Steria consolidated
financial statements since it took place before Steria was included
in the scope of consolidation


--- Page 20 ---

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Strategy and objectives: recent trends and outlook for 2015

Qj Strategy and objectives: recent trends

and outlook for 2015

9.1. Strategic priorities in 2015

Sopra Steria will continue its strategic thinking in 2015 so as to
continue to develop its project. It aims above all to create value for
its clients, as well as for its shareholders and employees, so that
they can share the group’s long-term aims and objectives.

This project is based on three key strategies:

= moving up the value chain so as to better serve the business and
competition challenges faced by our clients;

athe development of solutions able to precisely meet client
requirements;

= innovation, so as to ensure that the group's clients are able to
fully benefit from the opportunities offered by the latest digital
and technology advances.

9.1.1. CONFIRMING THE GROUP’S INNOVATION

AND TRANSFORMATION EFFORTS

The group's core activity is to understand its clients’ businesses in
order to help them overcome their key challenges and boost their
competitiveness. To maintain its positioning as a preferred strategic
partner that provides its clients with a high level of added value,
supports their development and optimises their operating costs,
the group needs to continue to focus on and invest in delivering
an offering that is both innovative and differentiating. Growth
in the digital market is characterised by an increasing number of
technological developments in the digital arena (the cloud, big
data, social networks, mobility, etc.). While these developments
give rise to tremendous opportunities for innovation and growth,
they require Sopra Steria to be proactive and to constantly question
its business model. The group needs to embrace emerging
technologies so that it can then advise its clients on the best way
to use those technologies to meet their needs.

9.1.2. STRENGTHENING THE GROUP’S POSITION AS A
SOLUTIONS DEVELOPER

Solution development is a key area of development in which Sopra
Steria will continue to invest. Within the framework of the group's
strategic plan, the aim is to enhance its sector-specific offerings
while expanding its geographical coverage and ensuring the quality
and performance of the services it delivers. Concerning human
resources management solutions, one of the projects for 2015
is to combine HR Access and Pléiades in order to offer clients an
end-to-end HR management solution and consolidate the group's
position in this market.

9.1.3. CONTINUING THE EXTERNAL GROWTH
STRATEGY

The latest acquisitions and the merger with Steria profoundly
transformed the group's profile, in terms of its strategy. Its
positioning in Europe has been strengthened and the coverage of
its various markets has been expanded.

In future years, the group will continue its external growth strategy
in order to round out its approach and continue to increase
the value of its offerings for its clients by enhancing its business
expertise, particularly in terms of solutions.

9.2. Recent developments

9.2.1. SOPRA STERIA INTEGRATION

Thanks to the rapid completion of the various market-related,

financial, workforce-related and legal stages of the merger between

8 April 2014 (when the planned merger was announced) and

31 December 2014 (effective merger date), by 1 January 2015 the

group had put in place its post-merger operational organisation.

Among the important stages completed were:

= on 16 October 2014, Groupe Steria changed its legal form
from a Société en Commandite par Actions (SCA) to a Société
Anonyme (SA);

= at the end of October 2014, the Employee Representative Bodies
gave their opinions on the proposed merger between Sopra and
Steria;

= at 31 December 2014, the new organisation was operational and
integration was proceeding as planned

At end-February 2015, the France zone, which accounts for 40%

of group pro forma revenue and where the most important

efforts of the integration process are concentrated, was showing a

satisfactory level of business activity and its consultant downtime

on a combined basis was significantly improved from fourth-

quarter 2014.

9.2.2. CHANGE IN GOVERNANCE OF SOPRA STERIA

On 19 March 2015, Sopra Steria Group announced that it was
simplifying its governance structures and had appointed Vincent
Paris as CEO and John Torrie as Deputy CEO.

Vincent Paris, aged 50, joined Sopra Group in 1987 after graduating
from the prestigious Ecole Polytechnique, and has spent nearly his
entire career with the group. He held several different leadership
positions, notably Director of French operations and Deputy CEO of

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

33


--- Page 21 ---

34

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF
Strategy and objectives: recent trends and outlook for 2015

Sopra. A member of the Executive Committee since 2011, he was
most recently Deputy CEO of Sopra Steria

John Torrie, aged 60, joined Steria in 2002 as Managing Director of
UK operations and became a member of the Executive Committee
in 2007. He has been a recognised professional in the information
technology industry for over 40 years, and before joining Steria
he held various positions of responsibility, in particular as Global
Services Managing Director at SchlumbergerSema.

Under the terms of these appointments, Vincent Paris and John
Torrie are responsible for the operational implementation of Sopra
Steria Group's strategic plan.

Francois Enaud left the group on the aforementioned date.

9.2.3. PLANNED ACQUISITION OF CIMPA SAS

On 19 March 2015 Sopra Steria announced the planned acquisition
of CIMPA SAS, a subsidiary of Airbus specialised in product lifecycle
management (PLM) activities. The completion of this proposed
acquisition would strengthen the partnership links between the
two groups.

Acquiring CIMPA would enable Sopra Steria to bolster its positions
in relation to major players in aerospace, transport and energy
by capitalising on industry-specific expertise in the design and
manufacturing of products and equipment as well as full lifecycle
data management. The group's goal is to support its key accounts
in their value creation process by ensuring digital continuity in areas
ranging from industrial engineering to information systems.

9.2.5. REVENUE FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2015

1 1ST QUARTER 2015

(in millions of euros)

France 333.3
United Kingdom 251.6
Other Europe 169.9
Sopra Banking Software 69.0
Other Solutions 48.2
TOTAL 872.0

In 2014, CIMPA’s revenue was about €100m and it had 950
employees in Europe.

Sopra Steria Group would offer the company new development
prospects while also diversifying its market opportunities, almost all
of which so far have been in connection with its parent company.
The known expertise of CIMPA’s teams would further enhance
Sopra Steria’s ability to work on its clients’ core businesses while
offering a comprehensive vision of their information systems and
proposing solutions for the entire industrial value chain.

If the proposed acquisition is completed, which is subject to the
usual conditions precedent, CIMPA could be included in Sopra
Steria Group’s consolidation scope during the second half of 2015
The acquisition price has not been made public.

9.2.4. SIGNING OF A MAJOR CONTRACT WITH THE
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE

On 23 April 2015, the group announced that it had been selected
by the Ministry of Defence to work alongside the French General
Directorate for Armament (DGA) and the Ministry of Defence's
human resources department (DRH-MD) to create a payroll
software programme for military personnel called Source Solde.

It will be developed using software from Sopra HR Software.

Q1 2014 Q1 2014

Sopra Pro

reported forma
197.8 329.5 1.2% 68.5%
22.3 247.8 1.5% NS
415 165.9 24% 309.4%
60.7 64.1 7.6% 13.7%
36.1 44.6 8.0% 33.5%
358.4 852.0 2.4% 143.3%

Sopra Steria Group posted revenue of €872.0 million for the first

quarter of 2015, representing a significant increase mainly due to

the consolidation of Steria as from the month of August 2014 and

that of HR Access Service as from July 2014. At constant scope and

exchange rates, organic growth was 2.4%.

In France, where the overall context is showing signs of

improvement, the group posted revenue of €333.3 million for the

first quarter, which represents organic growth of 1.2%.

= Consulting & Systems Integration generated revenue of €281.3
million, representing organic growth of 2.2%. The entity
demonstrated strong momentum, reaping the first commercial
benefits of the merger between Sopra and Steria, which
significantly raises the stature of the new combined group in

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

the eyes of major clients. By way of example, a large-scale SAP
transformation contract was signed at the start of the year with
one of the leading French players in the aerospace and defence
sector. More recently, the group was retained by the French
defence ministry to develop Source Solde, the future payroll
system for the armed forces.

Infrastructure & Security Services, whose infrastructure
management unit is the focus of turnaround efforts, saw a 4.1%
organic decline for the first quarter, corresponding to revenue
of €52.0 million. The cybersecurity unit recorded a significant
increase in orders in first-quarter 2015 and is showing bright
promise.


--- Page 22 ---

In the United Kingdom, the group posted revenue of €251.6
million, representing organic growth of 1.5%. This market offers
many opportunities but in the short term the upcoming general
election in May 2015 is instilling a sense of caution in the public
sector. Nevertheless, Sopra Steria remains confident in its ability
to deliver organic growth over the financial year as a whole and
reaffirms its ambition to build its business in the private sector,
particularly in the financial services vertical market.

In Other Europe, the group generated revenue of €169.9 million,
representing organic growth of 2.4%. Contrasting trends are
shaping results for the countries within this grouping. In Germany,
following a particularly difficult year in 2014, the situation is
beginning to show signs of stabilisation. Operations have been
reorganised in this country and the group has put in place a
specific assistance programme for the local management team. The
decline was limited to 4.2% for the first quarter, which represents
a considerable improvement over the previous quarters (11.2%
decline for the 2014 financial year). In Spain and Italy, business
activity was robust, with double-digit growth. In Scandinavia,
where priority is being given to improving profitability, organic
revenue growth was 3.1%.

Sopra Banking Software posted revenue of €69.0 million for
the first quarter of 2015, representing organic growth of 7.6%.
Business was on a growth track in France, notably thanks to the
signing of La Banque Postale contract, and in the Middle East/
Africa. The market presents good business opportunities, for
Platform as well as Amplitude products, for which R&D investments
are being maintained at high levels.

Continuing the trend seen in 2014, Other Solutions benefited
from strong sales momentum and made a good start to the year.
Revenue came to €48.2 million for the quarter, representing total
growth of 33.5% and organic growth of 8.0%. The HR Access
product line, selected to form the basis for France’s new armed
forces payroll system, strengthens its positioning in the market.
In addition, the unit dedicated to property management software
solutions made further gains.

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Strategy and objectives: recent trends and outlook for 2015

At 31 March 2015, the group’s total workforce comprised
36,943 people (37,358 as of 31 December 2014).

9.2.6. CHANGE IN FINANCIAL POSITION

Since the end of the last financial year, there has not been any
significant change in the group’s financial or trading position for
which audited financial statements or interim financial statements
have been published

9.3. Outlook for 2015 and
ambitions for 2017

Detailed analysis has confirmed the value of operating synergies
at €62m per year starting in 2017 with a total execution cost of
€65m

In that context and given the particularly high 2014 basis of
comparison in the United Kingdom and the solutions business,
Sopra Steria’s target for 2015 is an operating margin on business
activity of around 6% with a prominent seasonality effect between
the first and second half. The revenue target is growth at constant
exchange rates and scope.

The group intends to remain true to the values that have
underpinned Sopra’s performance in the past by focusing on
pursuing organic growth, generating free cash flow and distributing
dividends.

Based on its operating position in early 2015 and its confidence
in a successful integration as well as the value of synergies to be
unlocked, the group’s targets for 2017 are revenue of between
€3.8bn and €4.0bn and an operating profit margin on business
activity of between 8.0% and 9.0%.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

35


--- Page 23 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

36

Risk factors

Risk factors

The procedures implemented to control and manage these risks
are presented in the Chairman of the Board of Directors’ report in
Chapter 2 of this Registration Document.

The group considers that there are no risks that could have a
significant negative impact on its business, its financial situation or
its results (or on its ability to achieve its targets), and considers that
there are no significant risks other than those described below. We
draw the attention of our investors to the fact that the list of risks
presented below is not exhaustive and that other risks may exist,
that were not known or not considered as liable to have an adverse
effect on the group, its business, financial condition, results or the
price of the group’s shares, on the date when this Registration
Document was drawn up

This document contains estimates subject to certain risks and
uncertainties that may affect the group’s future growth and
profitability. The group highlights the fact that more licence
agreements, which often represent investments for clients, are
generally signed in the second half of the year, which may have a
more or less favourable impact on the end-of-year performance.

Irrespective of the strategic risk associated with the group’s
competitive positioning or potential loss of business model
relevance, Executive Management has decided that, on an
operational level, the main risks are those associated with human
resources, project execution and production, and business relations
with key clients. As such, these risks are the subject of ongoing
action plans. In addition, due to the merger of Sopra and Steria,
risks relating to integration are monitored particularly closely.

10.1.Main risk factors linked
to operations

10.1.1. HUMAN RESOURCES RISKS

In a services business where certain skills can be rare and clients
have changing requirements, human resources risks are naturally
critical. The performance of the recruitment process, skills and
career management, continuity in key roles and the sharing of the
group's culture and values are always key issues.

One of the main aspects of human resources management,
optimum use and excellent knowledge of the resources already
existing within the group (skills, abilities and potential) appears
particularly important, especially as the size of the various
operational entities changes.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

The main human resources risks are also linked to recruitment,
employee commitment, competence and suitability for client
requirements, forward management of resources, retention and
replacement of key employees, attrition and compliance with
labour law and employment legislation.

The management, local managers and the Human Resources
Department, together with the Division HR Managers have an
essential role in managing these risks.

A general presentation of the human resources policy is given in
Chapter 3 “Corporate Responsibility Report”, Section 2 “Workforce-
related responsibility”

10.1.2. PROJECT EXECUTION AND PRODUCTION RISKS

The main risk lies in the group's ability to deliver on its commitments
to clients in terms of quality, lead times and costs: to deliver
products and services in line with specifications and within the
stipulated lead times and allocated budget, particularly in the
context of major client programmes. Providing responses to fully
meet client demands and controlling production quality are among
the group's primary concerns.

Controlling such risks requires a perfect knowledge of numerous
constantly evolving technical and business environments, the
application of a prior validation procedure covering technical,
legal and financial aspects, a tried and tested project management
methodology designed to integrate the participation of onshore,
nearshore and offshore production platforms, together with a
management system for monitoring and controlling technical and
accounting aspects.

Depending on the contractual commitments entered into, failure to
provide the services specified in these contracts, or provision of sub-
standard services, may result in a risk for the group (penalties, client
complaints, claims for damages, additional cost, non-payment,
early termination of the contracts, risk to image). Given the current
economic environment, clients are ever more demanding in terms
of contractual commitments and guarantees.

Unlike services provided under a time-and-materials contract, fixed-
price contracts are characterised by commitments regarding the
price, conformity and lead times: they may be fixed-price projects
such as systems integration or software development, as well as
fixed-price services such as maintenance contracts, third-party
application maintenance, infrastructure management or BPS. Fixed-
price service contracts are often multiannual contracts managed
and monitored regularly.


--- Page 24 ---

For fixed-price projects and fixed-price services, poor assessment
of the scale of the work to be done, an underestimate of the cost
of providing the service or an incorrect estimate of the technical

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Risk factors

solutions to be implemented can lead to estimated costs being
exceeded or contractual deadlines not being met. This delay can, in
itself, result in late delivery penalties and/or budget overruns.

The breakdown of revenue according to the nature of contracts is summarised in the table below:

(in % of revenue)

Licences 2.2%
Fixed-price projects 17.3%
Fixed-price services 50.5%
Time and materials contracts 30.0%
TOTAL 100%

In addition, regarding production, the increasing importance
of issues linked to the reliability of IT and communication
infrastructures should be noted

In view of its business model, with production facilities located a
long way from the marketing zone (national and worldwide shared
service centres in nearshore and offshore countries), the group
is potentially dependent on its remote production centres and
telecommunications networks functioning correctly.

Consequently, the role of the information systems security manager
within the Industrial Department has been enhanced. This initiative
meets a need to spur greater involvement among all stakeholders
across the group in analysing risks associated with information
systems and defining action plans in a context of growing
interdependence between entities and onshore and offshore
production sites.

It should be noted that a significant proportion of the group's
production activities is carried out in India. India still shows various
characteristics that may constitute instability or risk factors (political,
economic or social disturbances, wage inflation, natural disasters,
pandemics). The group has four production facilities located at a
great distance from each other in India, in three different regions,
which considerably limits the consequences of certain incidents or
risks that may arise in a specific region.

In addition, using a larger number of production facilities and
having a variety of onshore, nearshore and offshore services makes
it possible to have emergency solutions.

Risk of dependence on suppliers

Both integration projects and managed services contracts involve
an increasingly high level of complexity and require working with
many partners (such as publishers, manufacturers, consultants or
IT services companies etc.), thus creating a certain dependence by
Sopra Steria Group on some suppliers. The IT world is, however,
characterised by a multiplicity of actors, thus substantially reducing
the risk of dependency. Although there are alternative solutions
for most of the software, hardware and networks and although
the group has maintained commercial relations with most large
suppliers, some projects could be affected by a residual risk of
potential failure of its suppliers.

(1) Consolidated data for the new Sopra Steria group.

10.1.3. RISKS RELATED TO BUSINESS RELATIONS WITH
KEY CLIENTS

Commercial efficiency depends upon the ability to mobilise all
client-related knowledge, where relationships with major clients
extend over a number of years and involve numerous employees,
often belonging to different units. Managing this knowledge is a key
factor, making it possible to understand and respond appropriately
to clients’ needs, as well as to manage more effectively the risk of
losing a client or major contract.

The sales approach used for key accounts is coordinated by a
procedure involving the members of the Executive Committee for
the management of major sales programmes.

In 2014, our top client accounted for 4.5% of group revenue; the
top five clients represented 17.9% and the top ten represented
28.5%

In 2013, our top client accounted for 7.6% of group revenue; the
top five clients represented 24.0% and the top ten represented
35.6%.

In 2012, our top client accounted for 7.4% of group revenue; the
top five clients represented 23.4% and the top ten represented
34.6%.

The main clients include:

= in France: Airbus Group, EDF, Société Générale, Orange and BNP;

a in the United Kingdom: Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Defence
and the National Health Service.

10.2. Integration risks

Following the merger of Sopra and Steria, the group is monitoring
the integration process closely, in particular via the creation of an
Integration Committee. Difficulties encountered may cause higher
costs and/or fewer savings or synergies than anticipated.

Any significant acquisition and integration includes implementation
risks (corporate integration, sharing of information systems etc.)
that may have a negative impact on the company’s results.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

37


--- Page 25 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

38

Risk factors

Given the importance of the operation, the main risks linked
to implementation of the merger between Sopra and Steria, in
particular those related to the creation of synergies, completion
of restructuring and reorganisation operations and estimation of
integration costs have been identified and are closely monitored
by the Integration Committee. The Integration Committee is co-
managed by the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive
Officer, and meets weekly with the various players involved in
integration

10.3. Financial risks

All of the financial risks are detailed in Note 32 to the consolidated
financial statements, in Chapter 4 of this document.

Negotiated bank borrowing facilities help the group manage its
liquidity risk. The group's policy concerning this matter is to have
borrowing facilities at its disposal which are much larger than its
needs

On 15 September 2014 the group took out a syndicated loan
of €1,200m maturing in five years, with the option to extend
it for two further one-year periods, comprising an amortising
tranche of €200m, an amortising tranche of £80m and a multi-
currency revolving credit facility of €900m. A breakdown of these
borrowings is given in Note 24.1 to the consolidated financial
statements.

The group has a bond issued by Groupe Steria in 2013 to
institutional investors for a total of €180m maturing in July 2019.

The group had lines of credit totalling €1,527.8m at 31 December
2014. In this context, the group has entered into the covenants
described in Note 32.2 to the consolidated financial statements, in
Chapter 4 of this document.

The Company has conducted a specific review of its exposure
to liquidity risk and considers that it is able to meet its future
maturities. To date, there are no elements likely to have a material
impact on Sopra Steria’s financial position and performance

The risk factors are detailed in Note 32.1 et seq. of the consolidated
financial statements in Chapter 4 of this document, and the
liquidity risk in particular is detailed in Note 32.2

Regarding the treasury risk, it should be noted that a large
proportion of the group’s revenue is achieved with public authorities
and European government bodies. A very small proportion of the
revenue was achieved with clients residing outside the OECD,
and the largest proportion of the revenue was achieved with key
accounts, in accordance with the group’s business strategy. These
factors help to reduce the group's credit risk profile.

In order to control and mitigate any potential risk associated with
insolvency or non-payment, client counterparty risk is monitored
by the Finance Department in the framework of a group procedure
governing the main aspects, i.e. the rules for the opening of
new accounts, defining credit limits, requiring guarantees when
necessary, follow-up procedures and handling of disputes.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

10.4.Risks associated with
retirement benefit obligations
in the United Kingdom
(pension funds)

This point is discussed in Note 25 to the consolidated financial
statements.

Sopra Steria provides retirement benefits in several countries. Such
benefits are usually provided by associated pension funds or directly
by the group. They are either based on defined benefits (where
the individual is guaranteed a certain percentage of his or her
salary as a benefit) or on defined contributions (where the benefit
is determined based on the investment returns achieved over the
contribution period). Defined benefit plans are recorded in Sopra
Steria’s financial statements in accordance with IAS 19 (revised).

In the UK the assets of the defined benefit pension plans are
managed in funds administered by independent trustees, and
employees are entitled to retirement benefits based on their salary
and length of service.

In the case of defined benefit plans, the employer is obliged to
cover any deficit between the value of the fund assets and the
pension obligations to be paid.

Since 2010, defined benefit plans have been replaced by defined
contribution plans. The defined benefit plans are now maintained
only in connection with a few outsourcing projects relating to the
Public Sector, to comply with the legislation and commitments
made to clients.

In 2014, as part of its three-yearly negotiations, Sopra Steria
concluded an agreement with trustees concerning additional future
contributions to pension funds, aimed at meeting deficits over a
period of 4 to 13 years depending on the plan. These additional
contributions which were agreed on by the parties are in keeping
with the amounts paid over the last three years. They will be
increased at the annual rate of inflation.

The Company and trustees also agreed on the strategy for investing
funds and the policy for managing assets and liabilities, the
purpose of their agreement being to reduce volatility and exposure
to interest rate and inflation risks, in particular by the use of swaps.

As part of the three-yearly negotiations concerning pension funds,
the next assessment and discussion with trustees regarding future
contributions is planned for the end of 2015/beginning of 2016.
Following this assessment, the parties have 15 months from the
“valuation date” to hold discussions and reach an agreement.

A breakdown of the asset portfolio of the UK pension funds at
31 December 2014 is shown below (based on average market
values):


--- Page 26 ---

SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF Ss

Risk factors

Shares 34% 34%
Bonds 54% 46%
Property/Infrastructure 10% 13%
Other assets 2%* 7%
TOTAL 100% 100%

* Including derivatives used to manage interest rate and inflation risks.

For further information, see Note 25 to the consolidated financial
statements in Chapter 4 of this document which gives a breakdown
of the assets and commitment of the defined benefit pension plans.

The current value of pension obligations for schemes with defined
benefits is calculated based on actuarial assumptions and is
therefore subject to changes in macroeconomic conditions. The
main factors concerned are long-term interest rates, inflation and
mortality. As an illustration, a 0.25 point reduction in the discount
rate would cause a €82m increase in commitments at the 2014
closing rate.

Assets invested in different asset classes (including shares) are
subject to the risk of fluctuations in financial markets. As an
illustration, a 10% drop in the value of assets would cause a
€135m reduction.

It should be noted that any economic impact of these variations
must be assessed over the medium and long term, according to
the duration of the commitments. Deficits resulting from such
variations in assets and/or liabilities do not necessarily change in
the same direction. Changes in regulations or accounting standards
may cause an increase in commitments and have a negative impact
on the group’s financial statements.

10.5. Other risks

10.5.1. LEGAL RISKS

a. Compliance with laws and regulations

The group's business is an unregulated activity, and therefore
requires no special legal, administrative or regulatory authorisation.
Some services, such as managed services or systems integration
provided to clients whose business activity is subject to special
regulations may lead the group to have to adhere to the
contractual obligations linked to these regulations. Moreover, the
group is a multinational company that operates in many countries,
subject to various constantly changing laws and_ regulations,
and recruits large numbers of employees each year. As such, the
training and management aspects and legal and financial reviews
are highly important.

b. Intellectual property

To protect its intellectual property, the group relies on a combination
of contracts, copyrights, trademarks, patents and confidentiality
and trade secrecy obligations. In addition, due to their complexity,
the technological fields covered by the group involve an increasing
number of issues linked to intellectual property that require special
attention, and specific contractual clauses, in particular during
integration of third-party software, use of software company
licences in connection with integration projects or infrastructure
management services and/or for any issues regarding reuse
of software modules in connection with integration projects.
Operational staff regularly receive training on protecting intellectual
property.

The group and its subsidiaries have protected the main trademarks
used in each country concerned.

The brand portfolio is managed by the Legal Department in
collaboration with an industrial property advisor.

Sopra Banking Software holds patents for the technical algorithms
used by various technological and functional components of the
Sopra Banking Platform software suite, designed for banks and
financial institutions

Neither the group nor any of its subsidiaries have filed for or hold
other patents for software.

Sopra and its subsidiaries own exclusive intellectual property rights
to all their software, either through having developed it in-house
or by having acquired if from third parties. Software packages
developed by the group, by Sopra Banking Software or by Sopra
HR Software are generally marketed directly. However there are a
few distribution agreements with partners.

c. Tax risks

As with any international group operating in multiple jurisdictions,
the group has structured its activities with regard to various
regulatory obligations. Insofar as the tax rules in the different
countries where the group operates are continually evolving
and may be subject to interpretation, the group cannot provide
an absolute guarantee that these interpretations will not be
challenged, possibly with negative consequences for its financial
position or results. In addition, the group is subject to the usual
tax audits. In particular, in France and India it has been selected
for adjustments or received requests from the tax authorities,
which have been formally challenged. At 31 December 2014 these
disputes were still under investigation by the tax authorities or
courts.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

39


--- Page 27 ---

MEE. SOPRA STERIA GROUP IN BRIEF

40

Risk factors

In France, a request for approval has been made to the tax authorities
to transfer to Sopra Steria part of the tax loss carryforwards from
Steria prior to 1 January 2014. Since no response had been received
from the tax authorities on the consolidated balance sheet date,
the group took into account the risk of rejection of this request
to transfer losses, and the loss of the corresponding deferred
tax assets. In this connection, see Note 19.4 to the consolidated
financial statements in Chapter 4 of this document.

d. Disputes

Provisions are recognised in respect of ongoing disputes, as
described in Notes 26 and 35 to the consolidated financial
statements, in Chapter 4 of this document.

The group is not aware of any legal or arbitration proceedings
which could have a significant impact other than those reflected
in the group’s financial position. To date, the group is not aware
of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, including
any proceedings that may be suspended or threatened, which
may have or have had a material impact on the financial position
or profitability of the Company or group during the past twelve
months.

It should be noted that an administrative inquiry by the Competition
Authority in France was launched at the end of 2014 into the main
IT services companies operating in France, including Sopra and
Steria. This procedure is in progress, and no feedback has been
received following the inquiry carried out at the time of publication
of the present Registration Document. In addition, Steria was
informed during the financial year of a report drawn up by the
French labour inspectorate regarding its Meudon site, concerning
the recording and monitoring of working time. At the time of
publication of the present Registration Document, no action had
been taken following that report, whose content is contested by
the group.

10.5.2. RISKS TO REPUTATION AND IMAGE

Since the group gives priority to a strategy focusing on key accounts,
and is recognised for its ability to manage complex development,
transformation and execution issues in visible and sensitive areas, it
is required to carry out significant and sensitive projects that may
result in difficulties that will undermine the group's credibility and
image with its clients.

Registration Document 2014 - Sopra Steria

10.5.3. INDUSTRIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

Since it operates exclusively in the mainly intangible field of IT
services, the group’s environmental impact is not extensive.
However, although that impact is judged to be of low significance
due to the nature of the group's activities, the group nevertheless
endeavours to limit it. (See Chapter 3, Section 3 of this document).

10.6.Insurance and risk coverage

To optimise its risk hedging policy, on 1 January 2015 Sopra Steria
Group extended the coverage of its insurance programmes taken
out with leading insurance companies.

The coverage limits were reassessed on 1 January 2015 with regard
to the size of the new Sopra Steria Group and the risks incurred.
The main insurance programmes put in place by the group are as
follows:

= Operational and professional civil liability

The civil liability insurance programme covers all of the group’s
companies, for monetary consequences arising as a result of their
civil and professional liability in connection with their activities,
due to bodily injury, material or non-material damage caused to
third parties. Overall benefit is limited to €150m per claim and
per year of insurance;

= Direct damage and operating loss

This programme covers the group's sites for the direct material
damage they suffer and any resulting operating losses. Overall
benefit (for all types of damage and operating losses) is limited
to €100m per claim and per year of insurance. This programme
only covered part of the group’s sites at 1 January 2015 and is
currently being extended to cover all group sites, in addition to
the existing local policies.

In addition, group programmes were put in place covering in
particular:

= the civil liability of managers and company officers;

= assistance to employees on assignment, as well as to expatriate
employees.
