Overview of the Group’s
strategy, markets and
businesses

1. Schneider Electric strategy and market
opportunities 14

2. Businesses, end-markets and customer
channels 19

3. Ambitious long term financial targets
for attractive shareholder returns 23

4. Company history and development 25

5. Research & Development 28

6. Organizational simplicity and efficiency 31

7. Risk Factors 35

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 3
1

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

> 1. Schneider Electric strategy
and market opportunities

Schneider Electric, the global specialist in energy management and automation with operations in over 100 countries,
leverages its portfolio to help customers make their ecosystem safe, reliable, efficient, and sustainable.

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization continue to shape our lives as new economies are built and established
economies are rebuilt and transformed. At the same time, the quest for economic growth and development is
straining our planet’s resources. As a leader in energy management and automation, the vision of Schneider Electric
is to help its customers achieve more with less resources in a more connected, distributed and smart world and
where the need for energy will continue to increase. Schneider Electric strives to help its customers achieve the most
efficient and sustainable use of their resources, assets, processes and infrastructures with innovative technologies,

solutions and services.

1.1. Our mission

The vision of Schneider Electric is to help its customers achieve
more with less resources made possible by technology in a world
that will become more connected, more distributed, smart and
where the need for energy will continue to increase.

As the global technology specialist in energy management and
automation, Schneider Electric’s mission is to:

e develop best-in-class technology and solutions for its customers
to make their ecosystem:

— safe: protect people and assets,

—reliable: guarantee ultra-secure, —_ultra-pure = and
uninterrupted power especially for critical applications,

— efficient: deliver solutions adapted to the specific needs of
each market that simplify customers’ life and improve their
efficiency and productivity, and

— sustainable: help customers build a sustainable future by
using less of their resources and minimizing the impact on
the environment;

e support the digital transformation of its customers.

1.2 _Megatrends in our environment are creating opportunities

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization continue to shape
our lives as new economies are built and established economies
are rebuilt and transformed. These three megatrends will create
many new opportunities for Schneider Electric.

Urbanization

Cities today contain 50% of the world’s population, consume 75%
of global energy consumption and give off 80% of greenhouse gas
emissions. And cities are growing: by 2050, they will be home to
70% of the world’s population. Cities face urban challenges of
unprecedented scale: scarcity of resources such as energy and
water, environmental pressure and pollution, aging and overloaded
infrastructure, traffic congestion; and security concerns.

14 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

All over the world, cities need to become smarter: more efficient,
more liveable and more sustainable. This means:

@ improving the efficiency of the city’s underlying urban
infrastructures from electricity grid, to water distribution system,
to public transportation systems, services... and exchange of
data and information across departments;

e@ becoming a better place to live, work and play;

e reducing its environmental impact - lower carbon footprint,
reduce energy consumption and urban regeneration

So what cities need today are solutions to their most acute
pain-points that: deliver the services and savings that constituents
deserve; provide visible, measurable results that promote
attractiveness; and have a low upfront investment, because cities
across the world need to balance their budget.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Schneider Electric delivers urban efficiency as a trusted partner
to drive collaboration and buy-in of all stakeholders - local and
regional governments, private companies, utilities, real estate
developers, and investors. We provide comprehensive solutions by
bringing in proven technology, integrating operating and
information systems, and enabling connected, unified approach to
decision-making. Schneider Electric already works with more than
250 cities across the world, and helps provide visible benefits to
cities and their constituents:

@ up to 30% energy savings;

@ up to 15% reduction of water losses;

@ up to 20% reduction of travel time and traffic delays;

@ as well as environmental, social and economic benefits.

Industrialization

Industrialization is driven by increase of factories in New
Economies, on higher demand for goods, and _ efficiency
improvement as well as retrofit in Mature Countries.

Manufacturing activities rise as New Economies develop. In 2014,
new economies represented 38% of world GDP — and this should
reach close to 54% by 2080. Significant step-up in industrialization
will follow. Population growth in New Economies will also drive
increased needs for manufactured goods with 1.8 billion people
entering the global consuming class by 2025.

At the same time energy needs will increase accordingly. The share
of global energy demand of non-OECD will continue to rise - from
60% in 2014 to close to 66% by 2030 - because of
demographics, industrialization, urbanization, and growing
affluence. Capex in new economies will also increase accordingly,
from 52% of world Capex in 2014 to close to 61% by 2030.

In addition to the growing industrialization of emerging market,
there is a movement of industrialization development in some
mature economies such as the United States. In particular, the
shale gas development leads to strong investments in the chemical
and petrochemical industries. At the same time the drop in energy
price and the decrease in labor prices have resulted in re-location
of some manufacturing plants. In many Mature Countries, as most
companies are looking for efficiency and facility upgrades, services
and other attributes in manufacturing (e.g. innovation, time to
market, loT) are also becoming more important and driving
additional growth potential.

The growing trend of industrialization promises business growth
and expansion opportunities for Schneider Electric. For long term
sustainable development in New Economies, Schneider Electric will
continue to focus on combining its global value chain with local
partnerships to contribute toward the economic development
through job creation and poverty reduction, in addition to
investments in production capacity and physical & technological

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

infrastructure to meet the growing demands for standardized and
cost efficient offerings. In Mature Countries, Schneider Electric will
continue its focus on solution and identify opportunities for further
services development, to contribute toward the reindustrialization/
efficiency improvements in these markets.

Digitization

In the past 20 years, Internet has connected 2.5 billion people
together. In the coming eight years, this number will double.
Concurrently the Internet will connect 40 billion machines to those
5 billion connected people. The increase in connectivity and
access of real-time information is changing our personal and
professional life: companies are digitizing their operations, often
imes through SaaS providers; customers are expecting to have
everything online, from e-training to e-ordering and digital care
centers; and employees are increasingly using online platforms and
ools to collaborate more efficiently across countries and time
zones. Digitization is changing the way we work and creating
opportunities for new services.

n energy management, operational technology (OT), the world of
physical equipment control, is converging with information
echnology (IT), the world of information processing. Products are
now connected and can be remotely controlled and optimized.
This results in the feasibility to implement active energy efficiency,
which creates new business models and new opportunities in
smart products, systems and services - such as smart grid and
smart factories.

A smarter grid combines smarter supply (the efficient integration of
renewable energy sources, flexible distribution), smarter demand
(energy-efficient sites and homes, connected to the grid), and
demand response to balance the two. Schneider Electric is active
in five key domains of the smart grid: flexible distribution,
renewable energy integration, efficient buildings, electric vehicle
charging infrastructure and demand-response. Recent acquisitions
have considerably strengthened our play - from Areva’s
Distribution business to Energy Pool and Vizelia in 2010 and
Summit Energy and Telvent in 2011.

In smart factories, all manufacturing units including assembly lines
and robotics are connected and automated with minimum human
inputs. Through real-time data collection and analysis, production
process can be automatically diagnosed, configured and
optimized. Consequently product defects, production downtime
and waste can be reduced, resulting in higher manufacturing
efficiency. Together with OT sensors and control devices, industrial
software is the core of smart factories. With the acquisition of
Invensys, Schneider Electric has significantly strengthened its
industrial software offering, especially in operations management,
for process management as well as_ industrial automation
applications.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 5
1

16

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

Besides continuously innovating and digitizing our offerings,
Schneider Electric targets to provide the best-in-class digital
experience to our customers and partners, such as a 24x7
dynamic sales & marketing channel and a tailored customer care
center experience. Digitization is at the core of the Group’s
strategy and Schneider Electric is committed to support the digital
transformation of its customers and its partners.

1.5 Our strategy

As a leader in energy management and automation, Schneider
Electric is at the forefront to capture these megatrends with an
extensive energy management and automation offer that it delivers
globally through complementary business models and access
channels.

Leverage the world’s new energy challenges

The quest for economic growth and development is straining our
planet’s resources and the world is facing many energy challenges:
scarcity of natural resources, CO, emissions reduction
requirements, integration of unpredictable and_ intermittent
renewable sources of energy, increases in peaks of consumption
and others. In its World Energy Outlook, the International Energy
Agency (IEA) estimates that the various energy efficiency policies
that are being introduced in many countries across the world could
account for about 70% of the reduction in projected global
energy demand in 2035, and 68% of the cumulative global savings
in CO; emissions. This compares with a 46% increase in global
energy demand by 2035 if nothing changes.

Boosting Energy Efficiency on the three major energy-consuming
sectors (industry, buildings and homes) could help a country
reduce its overall energy use by 15% to 25% -— in effect providing
a very attractive business case in both mature and new
economies. Energy Efficiency also offers an excellent payback:
according to the IEA, every euro invested, in particular in buildings,
would yield 1.6 euro in energy savings. Schneider Electric has
developed a wide range of products and solutions that will provide
homeowners and managers of industrial plants, data centers,
infrastructure and buildings with significant levels of energy
efficiency and savings.

Our building automation solutions can save up to 30% of a
building’s energy needs, significantly improving a company’s
carbon footprint while delivering savings on its charges, with limited
upfront investment.

Our smart grid solutions help electricity producers and distributors
to improve the efficiency of their assets and to offer a better service
to their consumers. This also contributes to the improvement in the
operation of the grid and the reduction in investment in new
generation capacity.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Urbanization, industrialization and digitization create many new
opportunities for Schneider Electric, from the growing needs of
automation and connectivity to the massive entitlement of energy
efficiency that demands an optimized use of resources. Schneider
Electric will continue to play a leading role in the movement toward
amore efficient, sustainable, and connected world.

Serve the increasing need for automation of our
customers in key market segments

The rapid industrialization taking place in new economies and the
need to modernize existing industrial facilities in mature economies
create significant opportunities for growth. Coupled with this, large
corporations are looking to improve operational efficiency across
the whole enterprise, while at the same time improving security
and safety for operators and the environment.

With the recent acquisition of Invensys, Schneider Electric enjoys a
strong position both in discrete and process automation and is
well-placed to address these challenges. We leverage extensive
software capabilities to help customers in key industries such as
mining, oil & gas, food-processing or cement plants improve their
productivity and operational efficiency, reduce their energy
consumption and optimize their use of resources.

Schneider Electric also helps machine manufacturers in markets
such as material handling or packaging develop reliable, fast,
precise and efficient machines. Our application design engineers
optimise the machine's performance and reduce the length of the
design cycle shortening the machine builder's time-to-market.

Support the digital transformation of customers
and partners

The convergence of operational technology (OT) and information
technology (IT) creates many new opportunities for customers. It
makes their life easier, increases productivity, creates new
business models that provides new value propositions for their
own customers. Digitization is at the heart of their future growth.
Through continuous innovation, Schneider Electric engineers
products and solutions that help them unlock this potential.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Schneider Electric builds native connectivity in its product offerings,
delivers a range of digital services to help customers’ extract value
from their data and provides and the best customer experience to
our customers and partners.

Leverage the opportunity from new economies

Certain countries in Asia (excluding Japan), Latin America
(including Mexico), the Middle East, Africa and Eastern Europe
(including Russia), which we refer to collectively as «new
economies » have entered a prolonged period of accelerated
development. As a result of the industrialization, urbanization,
digitization and development processes that these countries are
experiencing, we expect the markets of their economies to
continue to have a pressing need for the products and solutions
that we provide. Our goal is to leverage this opportunity by
expanding our geographical coverage in these markets, by
increasing our presence in new cities, and further penetrating these
markets, with mid-market segment offerings that are supported by
strong brands with wide local coverage. We have made a
meaningful long-term commitment to, and investment in, these
economies.

As of December 31, 2014, we had over 93,395 employees in new
economies and, during2014, our new  economies-based
purchasing and manufacturing costs accounted for approximately
53% of our industrial costs.

Schneider Electric currently holds significant presence in new
economies in Asia, Africa, Middle East, Latin America, Eastern
Europe and Russia (now the 4" market in Schneider Electric). The
decision to split our Executive Committee into three management
hubs, a pioneer management decision, allows us to be close to its
customers in all markets — remaining local while being global. Our
long-term commitment helps us build an intimate knowledge of
these markets and we believe that the strength of our brands, our
competitive local supply chain and the development of local
marketing and R&D capabilities are our competitive advantages in
these economies.

Build two complementary business models:
Products, and Solutions

Products and, solutions are different and complementary business
models and we aim to deliver profitable growth in both.

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

Products allow us to continue to achieve scale and pricing power.
In order to reinforce our leadership position and continue to grow,
we leverage technology to offer connected, market leading
products and to create new opportunities for distributors and
direct partners in a win-win relationship.

Solutions and Services allow us to generate additional growth and
profits, lower capital intensity and help reduce cyclicality. They
provide significant opportunities to develop greater customer
intimacy and stickiness through dialogue with final end users,
which in turn helps inform our quest for continuous innovation. We
have developed reference architectures for solutions in targeted
end-markets in order to facilitate smooth integration of our
products and speed up project design and we have a unique
software suite to optimize enterprise performance, StruxureWare™,
providing our customers with full but simple control and
management of their operations, leading to a unique experience of
the complete and efficient solutions of Schneider Electric.

Invest in profitable and responsible growth while
driving efficiency

We believe in the high long-term growth potential of our business
and we continuously invest to drive that growth. This investment is
focused on sustained spending in research and development, as
well as on growing our commercial presence and skills, especially
in the fields of high value-added technologies and services.

In addition to our commitment to organic growth, we have invested
in, companies, joint ventures, strategic alliances and mergers that
reinforced our global leadership, provided skills geared towards
energy management and automation, or related to local
businesses in new economies. Certain of our recent acquisitions
have been of significant size and scope, such as our purchase of
Invensys in 2014, Telvent in 2011 or Areva D in 2010, while other
acquisition targets have been more modest.

In addition to the investments we make to foster growth, driving
efficiency at all levels of our Company is an equally important focus
of the Group. We continuously seek to generate savings from
purchasing and manufacturing and through improving operational
efficiency by reducing selling, general and administrative expenses,
while maintaining best-in-class standards in environmental
sustainability and social responsibility.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 /
1

18

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC STRATEGY AND MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

1.4 Our competitive strengths

Schneider Electric is a leader in technology innovation and adapts
to changing ecosystems and customer needs.

Technological leadership in energy management
and automation

We are developing best-in-class technology in energy
management and automation to meet growing customer needs
and challenges. We estimate that nearly 80% of our revenue is
derived from sales in businesses where we enjoy a number one or
two market position: low voltage distribution, medium voltage
distribution and grid automation, discrete industrial automation and
control, critical power and cooling. We design products and
solutions that we believe offer the best levels of safety, reliability
and efficiency in our markets. This is achieved through consistently
high investment in research and development, which supports our
innovative product offerings and our ability to offer our customers
market leading solutions that seamlessly integrate the different
echnologies in our portfolio. As a result, our products and
solutions meet the needs of our customers for simplicity,
connectivity, flexibility, productivity and efficiency. Additionally,
hrough an ongoing dialogue with our customers, we are able to
maintain our very high standards of quality and to anticipate the
innovation that will help drive our future growth. Thanks to
echnological leadership, our major brands are among the most
recognized in our industry.

Multiple channels of access to a broad and
diffuse user base

We work with many types of partners, such as distributors, system
integrators, contractors, panel builders, electricians, machine
manufacturers and others, as well as with our end customers.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Schneider Electric has developed the widest network of distribution
and direct partners in its industry. This provides us with many
channels of access to a market comprised of a broad and diffuse
user base. Our diverse market access channels, which support our
model with limited capital investment, help to ensure that we are
not dependent on a limited number of large customers.

Success in our industry requires strong, long-term relationships
with our distribution partners and end customers and we are
therefore constantly seeking to enhance value for them. For
example, we provide training to our partners and participate in
industry efforts to improve applicable regulations and_ safety
certifications. These efforts and relationships also help to reinforce
our reputation as a trusted partner and allow us to benefit from
solid pricing power.

Global reach with a unique local presence

We have operations in more than 100 countries, in a balanced
geographical exposure on a worldwide basis. Due to our large
footprint, we are one of the few partners of global companies that
look for the highest standards of technology and quality for their
energy management equipment in all their operations around the
world. We can therefore optimally serve our global customers. In
addition, we have deep-rooted local presence and_ strong
partnerships in all countries to serve the highly-dispersed part of
our customer base. Lastly, with 44% of our revenues in new
economies in 2014, the Group believes it is positioned to capture
the higher growth potential of these markets. Our presence in
many diverse markets ensures that we understand local needs,
which assists us to serve our customers in each country with
dedicated products and solutions adapted to local requirements.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

> 2. Businesses, end-markets
and customer channels

Schneider Electric is organized in four businesses — Buildings & Partner, Infrastructure, Industry and IT — and operates
in four principal markets: non-residential & residential buildings, utilities & infrastructure, industry & machine

manufacturers and data centers & networks.

The Group manages multiple channels to markets built on strong partnerships.

2.1 Leadership positions in our businesses

Schneider Electric operations are organized in four businesses:
Buildings & Partner, Infrastructure, Industry and IT.

The Buildings & Partner business: Number 1
Worldwide in Low Voltage and Building
Automation

Low voltage (« LV ») electrical distribution products and solutions
address the needs of all end markets from residential to
commercial buildings, spanning across industries, infrastructures
and data centers. The offer portfolio is extensive and includes:
protection functions (such as circuit breakers), power monitorin
and control, power meters, electrical enclosures, busways, cab
management systems, power factor correction, products for livin
spaces (such as wiring devices, network connectivity, hom
automation and building controls), as well as renewable energ
conversion and connection equipments and electrical vehic!
charging infrastructures.

ana

o=< O

Building Automation facilitates comfort and energy efficiency in
non-residential buildings through automation and security systems,
including Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning — (« HVAC »)
controllers, sensors, valves and actuators, programmable
regulators, centralized building management systems, space
optimization solutions, access control, video cameras and security
monitoring equipment.

The Industry business: Number 2 Worldwide
in Discrete Industrial Automation, Number 4
worldwide in Discrete and Process Automation

The historical Industry business scope is Discrete Automation,
which provides comprehensive products and solutions for the
automation and control of machines, manufacturing plants and
industrial sites. It includes hardware, such as motion controllers,
variables speed drives, motor starters and _ contactors,
human-machine interface (« HMI ») operator panels, programmable

logic controllers (« PLC »), push buttons and signaling devices and
discrete sensors, as well as software for operations management
and supervisory control systems. With the acquisition of Invensys
in 2014, the Industry business has expanded in the Process
Automation space, gaining a strong installed base of Distributed
Control Systems & instrumentation, notably under the Foxboro
brand and Safety Systems (under the Triconex brand) as well as a
strong industrial software offer for manufacturing operations
management (Wonderware), modeling/simulation (SimSci) and
asset management (Avantis).

The IT Business: Number 1 Worldwide in Critical
Power and Cooling

The IT Business specializes in critical power products and solutions
for data centers and other applications where power continuity and
quality is essential. The portfolio includes single-phase and
three-phase Uninterruptable Power Supplies (« UPS »), plug-in
surge protection, IT enclosures, power distribution units, security,
cooling systems, services and software management.

The Infrastructure business: Number 1
Worldwide in Medium Voltage & Grid
Automation

Infrastructure specializes in medium voltage (MV) and grid
automation products and solutions. That includes primary and
secondary medium voltage switchgear, transformers, electrical
network protection and automation, remote control, and MV/LV
complete substations. It also includes software for the integrated
management of mission-critical infrastructure, such as Distribution
Management Software (DMS), Operation Management Software
(OMS), Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition (SCADA), pipeline
management, and traffic management. This offer can be delivered
both through direct and indirect channels leading to various
delivery models ranging from transactional sale to complete project
delivery.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 9
1

20

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

2.2 Serving four attractive end markets

Schneider Electric serves customers in four principal markets:
e Non-residential & residential Buildings;

@ Utilities and Infrastructures;

e Industries and Machine manufacturers;

e Data Centers and Networks.

Non-residential and residential buildings

The non-residential buildings market includes public, commercial
and industrial buildings such as offices, hotels, hospitals, shopping
centers, schools, sports and cultural centers. Because this sector
is energy intensive, energy efficiency is key and is subject to new
and demanding regulations. Specific requirements have to be met
in terms of occupant comfort, security and environmental
friendliness, as do the needs of owners and building managers
seeking to reduce investment costs and optimize maintenance and
operating costs. Schneider Electric’s non-residential customers
include end-users, property developers, design firms, systems
integrators, panel builders and installers, electrical equipment
distributors and building management companies.

In the context of single-family homes and apartment buildings,
Schneider Electric’s market is driven both by renovation and
refurbishment needs, particularly in mature economies, as well as
by construction, particularly in new economies. Whether for
renovation or construction, the underlying challenge is to reconcile
technical constraints, local standards and regulations with
consumer preferences. They not only desire comfort and
aesthetics, but increasingly energy efficiency, connectivity, security
and monitoring services as well. Residential customers include
mainly electricians, architects and decorators, those involved in the
home automation industry, lighting and security firms, construction
firms, contractors, electrical equipment distributors and large
do-it-yourself (« DIY ») stores, as well as end-users and home
owners.

Utilities and infrastructures

Current global challenges in the utilities and infrastructure market
include increasing energy demand, the need for increased energy
efficiency to reduce environmental impact, and the expansion of
renewable energy. This market also faces the evolution of

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

regulations, particularly those regarding demand response, and the
growing need for security, reliability, and real-time control. We
believe these challenges provide long-term growth prospects. Our
main customers in this market include energy operators, water
utilities, the owners and operators of transportation and oil & gas
infrastructure and municipalities.

Industries and machine manufacturers

Our energy solutions enable us to serve almost all segments of the
industries and machine manufacturers market, including mines,
cement plants, the food-processing industry and material handling
and packaging machines. With Invensys, we reinforce our
presence in the Refining, Petrochemical and Oil & Gas Industries.
Energy efficiency is at the heart of the challenges facing these
industries, which include the reduction of production costs,
compliance with new regulations, and the reduction of the
environmental impact of industrial activity. In addition, both the
rapid industrialization taking place in new economies and the need
to modernize existing industrial facilities in mature economies
create significant opportunities for growth. Our customers include

end users, engineering firms, systems integrators, OEMs,
electro-intensive industries, panel builders and electrical
distributors.

Data centers and networks

Data centers are secure, precision-cooled sites containing
Information Technology (IT) equipment that processes and
stores very large quantities of digital data. These sites constitute
the central nervous systems of businesses and the public sector.
The expansion of data centers requires a significant increase in
electricity to accommodate the IT equipment’s operation and
cooling, as the energy needed to cool these rooms has become
comparable to the energy needed to operate the equipment itself.

Schneider Electric believes that data centers and networks are a
high-potential market thanks to the growing digitalization of
professional and personal activities. With the development of web
giants and cloud computing, the physical infrastructure of
datacenters tends to be more and more the business of dedicated
players with high performance expectations.

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

2.3 Products and Solutions, two complementary business models

The businesses in each of our four business segments offer
products and solutions. Solutions are comprised of systems, such
as highly customized products or combinations of our products,
and services. Our products and solutions businesses have different
revenue growth and profitability profiles, with our solutions
business complementing our products business. Solutions are also
an important platform to develop our presence in Services, where
we can deliver high added value with higher business recurrence
and low capital requirements.

Product business model
We believe our products offer best-in-class technology, strong
channel access and optimal quality and cost, which allows us to

2.4 Multiple accesses to market

Customer satisfaction

achieve scale and pricing advantages in the markets in which we
operate. We market and sell our products principally through
distributors and direct partners, such as contractors, system
integrators and electricians, who provide us with the ability to reach
large numbers of small and medium-sized customers.

Solution business model

We believe our solutions offer leading technology, strong
integration and service capabilities and segment-specific expertise.
We market and sell our solutions through direct partners, such as
contractors and system integrators, or directly to larger customers.

Customer satisfaction is an integral part of Schneider Electric’s growth strategy. Every contact with Schneider Electric
should be a positive experience that makes all customers, no matter who they are or where they are located, feel
understood and satisfied. This commitment is an important differentiating factor, and customer satisfaction surveys
are regularly carried out in all countries in which the Group operates, and employees attend related training

programs.

Customers also have access to online diagnostics and support services (an e-catalogue, downloadable software and

online information and training).

A large portion of Group revenues are made through intermediaries
such as distributors, systems integrators, installers and purchasing
advisors, who all bring their own added value and know-how,
allowing the Group to access a number of different markets.

Distributors & retailers

Distributors account for approximately 42% of the Group’s total
revenues through an extensive network in 190 countries all over
he world.

Schneider Electric works with many different types of distributors:
local distributors, electrical wholesalers and generalist distributors,
large international groups such as Rexel, Sonepar, Graybar and
Grainger, IT specialists such as Tech Data and Ingram Micro in the
United States. In the residential renovation sector, Schneider
Electric also sells products through large home improvement
chains such as Home Depot and Lowes in the US, Kingfisher in the
UK and Saint Gobain Distribution in France. In addition, the Group
uses specialized distribution channels for highly technical products
such as automation solutions and industrial software, as well as for
access control and security products.

Schneider Electric assists its distributors in advising — their
customers and helping them to benefit from technical innovations.
To maintain a high performance network, the Group works hand in
hand with distributors on supply chain issues, technical training
and marketing. Internet tools now occupy a dominant position for
sales, and above all, provide up-to-date information. Through the
e-Shop, distributors can link Schneider Electric’s product database
to their e-commerce sites so that customers have reliable 24/7
access to information.

Other intermediaries & partners

Panel builders

Panel builders build and sell electrical distribution or
control/monitoring switchboards, primarily for the buildings, energy
and electricity infrastructure markets and industry. Their main
customers are contractors. Panel builders mostly buy low and
medium voltage devices, such as circuit breakers and contactors,
and increasingly, prefabricated systems. There are more than
20,000 panel-builders throughout the world.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 21
1

Contractors

To design solutions tailored to end-users’

specific needs,

Schneider Electric works closely with contractors, small specialists
or generalist electricians, large companies that install equipment

and systems.

These partners bring value for end customers, first by advising

by installing efficient systems. The main objective

solutions
emperature and door management systems,
equipment for electric vehicles and renewable energy solutions.

providing technical training and support.

hem on the choice of solutions that best suit their needs, and then
for
Schneider Electric is to support them in the rapid development of
and technologies for the residential market: lighting,
recharging

n order to strengthen a relationship based on mutual trust and
added value, Schneider Electric partners actively with contractors,

n this regard, the EcoXpert program aims to secure special

partnerships with certain contractors, with whom Schneider
Electric shares all its expertise on renewable energy and energy
efficiency solutions. The EcoXpert network is being developed in

many countries throughout the world.

Systems integrators

System integrators design, develop and support automation
systems to meet their customers’ needs for the performance,
reliability, precision and efficiency of their operations. By providing
global coverage and local contacts, they offer their clients a high

degree of flexibility.

Schneider Electric has considerably expanded its automation line
up, giving systems integrators access to a powerful platform
covering all areas of automation from field control to Manufacturing

Execution Systems (MES).

Specialists

To meet their customers’ growing demand for

comfort,

ergonomics and design, specialists (engineers, architects and

design firms) are constantly looking for more efficient and bet
integrated solutions for energy management, as well as for access

control, security, and building automation.

They are therefore essential partners for Schneider Electric’s
growth, notably in the high-potential buildings and residen

markets, which include the construction and renovation
single-family homes and apartment buildings.

Schneider Electric provides many information and training tools

er

ial
of

or

specialists, such as reserved exhibits, electrical installation guides,

installation design software and training methods.

End-users

Original Equipment Manufacturers

Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) continuously seek to

improve machine price/performance and_ time-to-market

22. 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

in

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES
BUSINESSES, END-MARKETS AND CUSTOMER CHANNELS

segments ranging from packaging to textiles, conveyors, materials
handling, hoisting and HVAC. Schneider Electric is the market
leader in those segments. Schneider Electric works closely with
almost 5,000 OEMs. The Group leverages its expertise and
know-how to nurture these special partnerships. This is mainly
achieved through:

@ anextensive knowledge of OEMs’ applications;

e acontinuous R&D effort to develop innovative, performant and
cost-effective offers and solutions. In 2014, no fewer than
15 brand new ranges were launched;

e dedicated centers of excellence that offer the most competitive
solutions for new machines, in particular, pre-tested,
pre-developed and personalized solutions;

e an international customer support to deliver high-performance
after-sales service worldwide;

e a dedicated program for multi-site and/or global OEMs that
enhances their ability to offer superior solutions on an
international level.

Other large end-users and global strategic accounts

Schneider Electric also addresses customers directly in a number
of end-markets, including but not limited to:

@ Cloud & Finance, in which the Group provides comprehensive
solutions for customers within Internet Giants, Telecom,
Co-location, and Finance sub-segments;

e in Healthcare, the Group serves hospitals, clinics, labs, and life
sciences manufacturing;

e Food & Beverage, in which the Group serves customers in
various types of food processing industries;

e@ Mining, Minerals & Metals which includes customers in Mining,
Cement, Metals, and other bulk materials;

Oil & Gas, in which the Group provides integrated solutions and
best in class systems, software and services to Oil Companies
and EPCs, from Production to Processing and Supply Chain;

e@ in Utilities, the Group serves companies producing, delivering,

and/or selling electricity to customers;

e Water & Waste Water includes customers across the entire
water cycle, from water resources to water distribution,
sewerage and treatment.

Schneider Electric has established a dedicated organization for
global customers, so-called « global strategic accounts », with the
purpose of developing privileged relationships with them. To meet
these customer expectations, the Group offers « preferred supplier
contracts » to ensure that they receive services of the highest
quality.

This organization is based on short lines of communication and
decision-making, rapid mobilization of Group resources throughout
the world, and dedicated teams in which management is directly
involved.

Schneider Electric serves 113 global customers including Apple,
BHP Billiton, EDF, ExxonMobil, Nestlé and Veolia Environnement.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES
AMBITIOUS LONG TERM FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR ATTRACTIVE SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

2.5 Competitive landscape

The main global competitors of Schneider Electric, by technology,
are:

e low-voltage and building automation: ABB, Siemens, Eaton,
Legrand;

@ medium voltage distribution & grid automation:
Siemens;

ABB,

e discrete and process automation:
Automation; ABB; Emerson;

Siemens, Rockwell

e critical power & cooling for IT and non-IT applications:
Emerson, Eaton.

Other regional and emerging market competitors include: Chint,
Weg, Larsen & Toubro and Delta.

> 3. Ambitious long term financial
targets for attractive shareholder

returns

Schneider Electric’s opportunities, strategy and business positioning have led its management to define ambitious long-term targets for the
company. Over the long term, the key priorities remain focused on profitable growth, cash conversion and capital efficiency.

2 sets of targets have been defined: business performance targets and capital efficiency targets.

Across the economic cycle" performance targets:

e Average organic revenue growth: 3 to 6% across the cycle;

e Adjusted EBITA: margin between 13% and 17% of revenues;

e Cash conversion: c.100% of net profit converted into free cash flow.

Across the business cycle capital efficiency targets:
e ROCE®: between 11% and 15%;
e Dividend: c.50% payout of net income;

e Capital structure: retain a strong investment grade credit rating.

At its Investor Day in February 2015, the company also highlighted
its growth initiatives and near term business focus. The focus will
be on organic growth, improving the returns on the recent
investments and optimizing the portfolio and capital structure.

Hence the following objectives were defined:

e Margin improvement targeted: The Group confirms its
13-17% long-term adjusted EBITA margin range and targets a
margin improvement over the next 3 years driven by operating
leverage and EUR1.4-EUR1.5 billion efficiency _ initiatives®
highlighted in the new company program.

(1) Schneider Electric defines a business cycle as a period including a slowdown and an expansion, or a period in between. This concept allows
investors to estimate the Group’s long-term growth potential across a business cycle. The length of a business cycle can vary and can not be

forecasted.

(2) ROCE is defined as: adjusted EBITA after tax/Average Capital Employed. Capital Employed is defined as: shareholders’ equity + Net financial debt
+ Adjustment for associates and financial assets. In the context of the Invensys acquisition, the tax rate will be adjusted for any benefits of the

Invensys-related tax shield that would not be captured in the P&L.
(3) Includes Industrial productivity and gross SFC savings.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 23
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES
AMBITIOUS LONG TERM FINANCIAL TARGETS FOR ATTRACTIVE SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

1

e Profitable growth and capital efficiency will drive strong
EPS growth:

Strong EPS growth is targeted during the next company program
coming from the organic growth objective and efficiency initiatives
described in the program, a share buyback” of EUR1.0 to 1.5
billion in the next 2 years and bolt-on M8A in our core and most
profitable businesses with strong EPS accretion and return on
investment.

e Progressive dividend policy:

In line with the objective of strong EPS growth, a progressive
dividend policy is set with no year-on-year decline of dividend,
showing the Group’s confidence on its future growth prospects.
The dividend payout ratio will remain c.50% of Net income. The
base of calculation will exclude one offs such as capital gains or
losses and, or assets impairments.

e@ Objective to significantly improve ROCE in the next 2-3
years:

The Group has set as an objective the ROCE improvement.

Compared to the 2013 proforma ROCE including Invensys of
10.9%, Schneider Electric targets to:

— return to the pre-Invensys ROCE of c. 12.0% in 1 to 2 years;
— improve the ROCE in 2 to 3 years by 1.5 point to 2 points
from 2013 proforma level.

(4) Share buyback of EUR1.5 to EUR2 billion including share buyback for neutralization of employees share plans.

24 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

> 4. Company history and

development

4.1 History

From its beginnings in steel during the Industrial Revolution over
175 years ago, to electricity and, more recently, to energy
management, the Group has undertaken significant changes in its
operations throughout its history.

1836-1980: a Family Business becomes
a Major Player

1836: Brothers Adolphe and Joseph-Eugene Schneider take over
an abandoned foundry in Le Creusot, France and, two years later,
create Schneider & Cie, focusing primarily on the steel industry.
Schneider & Cie grows rapidly, specializing in the production of
heavy machinery and transportation equipment, and eventually
becomes the Schneider Group, a diversified conglomerate.

1975: the Schneider Group acquires an interest in Merlin Gerin,
one of the top manufacturers of electrical distribution equipment in
France that has been involved in the electricity sector since 1920.

1981-2001: the Schneider Group refocuses
on the Electricity Sector

1981-1997: Schneider Group refocuses on the electrical industry
by divesting its non-strategic assets, such as its public works

company, Spie Batignolles. Schneider Group undertakes a series
of strategic acquisitions: Telemecanique in 1988, Square D in 1991
and Merlin Gerin in 1992.

1999: Schneider Group acquires Lexel, one of Europe’s largest
suppliers of installation systems and control solutions. In May 1999
the Group is renamed to Schneider Electric, to clearly emphasize
its expertise in the electrical field.

Since 2002: a Strategic Transformation

At the turn of the 2000s, Schneider Electric radically rethinks its
growth strategy, setting itself three goals:

e ensuring a more balanced exposure to its strategic end markets;

e@ enhancing its portfolio of historical operations (electricity
distribution, automation and industrial control) with adjacent and
synergetic businesses in order to boost its organic growth
potential; and

e anticipating the future energy requirements of companies and
individuals.

This strategy led Schneider Electric to conduct a number of

strategic acquisitions both in mature countries and in new

economies targeting companies offering complementary products

and solutions.

4.2 From Power & Control to Energy Management

Reinforcing leadership in Low Voltage
Distribution

e@ We were a long time leader through our Merlin Gerin and Square
D brands.

e We reinforced our Wiring Devices and Ultra Terminal offer with
several acquisitions: Clipsal in 2003, OVA, Merten and GET
in 2006, Marisio and Wessen in 2008.

e We grew our portfolio in renewables conversion with Xantrex
in 2008.

e We grew our presence in new economies with Delixi in China,
Conzerv in India (2009) and Steck group in Brazil (201 1).

Building a global leader in Medium
Voltage & Grid Automation

e We have historically been one of the leading players in medium
voltage electrical distribution products and equipment.

e With the acquisition of ArevaD (Areva’s medium voltage
distribution division) in June 2010, we became worl leader in
medium voltage and grid automation.

e@ In 2010, we acquired 50% of Electroshield Samara, a leading
medium voltage company in Russia. In 2013, we acquired full
ownership of this company, transforming Russia into a key
market for the Group and enhancing our capacity to be a key
player in the oil, gas and mining industry, as well as to develop
energy efficiency and smart grid.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 25
1

26

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

e With the acquisition of Telvent in 2011, a Spanish software
company with a strong presence in North America, we became
the leader in ADMS, advanced Distribution Management
System, supporting the monitoring and management of large
electrical distribution networks.

Developing a global leader in Industrial
Automation and Control

e We were a long time leader in discrete automation through our
Telemecanique brand.

e We reinforced our Industrial Automation & Control portfolio with
Citect in 2006, RAM Industries in 2008, Cimac and SCADA
group in 2010 and Leader & Harvest in 2011.

e In January 2014, we closed the acquisition of Invensys plc. This
strategic move allows us to enter the process automation world
and reinforces our global position in integrated industrial
automation and electro-intensive segments.

Building a global leader in Critical Power

e We identified Critical Power as a key technology for our portfolio
and regained majority control of MGE UPS in 2004.

e We became a world leader with the acquisition of American
Power Conversion (APC) in 2007, the US-based world leader in

4.3 Recent external growth

In 2014, Schneider Electric optimized its offer portfolio through one
acquisition and two disposals.

e In June 2014, Schneider Electric announced the sale of the
nvensys Appliance division, which is renamed Robertshaw
Controls Company, to an affiliate of Sun European Partners,
LLP. The disposal follows a strategic review of the Appliance
division that concluded the unit is not a core business to
Schneider Electric.

e In October 2014, Schneider Electric announced the sale of the
entire shareholding in Custom Sensors & Technologies (« CST »)
© private equity groups The Carlyle group and PAI Partners.
Schneider Electric has reinvested approximately $100m
alongside Carlyle, PAl and CST management to own a

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

single-phase and three-phase UPS with operations on all
continents and USD2.5 billion in revenue.

e We expanded our operations in new economies with the
acquisition of UPS manufacturer Microsol Tecnologia in Brazil
in 2009 and the acquisition of APW in India in 2011.

e@ In 2011, we broadened our portfolio with cooling offers from
Uniflair, data center services from Lee Technologies and backup
power storage from Luminous.

Creating a major player in Building
Automation & Security

e As the result of several acquisitions, TAC in 2003, Andover
Controls in 2004 and Invensys Building Systems in 2005, we
became a major player in building automation.

e We entered the video security market in 2007 with the
acquisition of Pelco.

e In recent years we have further developed our operations in
mature countries, in particular through the acquisition of two
pioneering French companies in December 2010: Vizelia, a
provider of software that monitors the energy consumption of
buildings in real time, and D5X, a specialist in solutions
optimizing the use of commercial buildings.

e The acquisitions of Summit Energy (2011) and M&C Energy
group (2012) increased our expertise in energy procurement
services.

shareholding of circa. 30% of CST. The disposal is consisten
with the Group's practice to regularly review its strategic
portfolio and focus on energy management and efficiency
technologies, integrating complementary power and automation
offerings. CST had limited synergies with other businesses o
Schneider Electric.

e In August 2014, Schneider Electric announced it has signed an
agreement to acquire GUnsan Elektrik, the second largest player
in wiring device accessories serving residential and commercial
buildings markets in Turkey. GUnsan Elektrik will bring to
Schneider Electric a well recognized brand, a diffused local
distributor network and a competitive manufacturing base in
Turkey. It will complement Schneider Electric’s premium
offerings with a strong mid-market product range.

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

COMPANY HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT

4.4 Change management through company programs

Schneider is on, Schneider Electric’s company program
(2015-2020)

Schneider is on, Schneider Electric’s company program for the 2015-2020 period, is another major
step in the consistent deployment of the Group’s strategy.

The new company program is structured around five initiatives to deliver more value to customers and shareholders:

1.

Do more for the customers to create more opportunities
for them, and for Schneider Electric

The Group aims in this initiative to bring more value to
customers and more business to partners, a better intimacy
and an access to specialists, a consistent project execution
and a unique and flexible delivery experience.

Simplify the operations for increased efficiency
Simplifying work and operations makes the difference to the
customers. The Group targets to simplify its management
set-up to make the company leaner, further increase
supply-chain productivity, optimize R&D efficiency and
solution execution and increase sales force efficiency. Overall
the Group targets to generate by the end of 2017 c. EUR1
billion of industrial productivity and c. EURO.4-0.5 billion
gross") SFC savings by 2017.

Digitize for customers, for efficiency and simplicity

The Group’s offers will be more connected, enabling new
services and improving its customers’ life. The digital

(1) Before inflation and reinvestment.

customer experience will be improved to deliver an
end-to-end simple and intuitive partner and customer
experience

Innovate to support growth

The innovation will focus on delivering the right products and
solutions for customers in a focused and short timeframe. In
addition, Schneider Electric will continue to be a partner of
choice in sustainability in its innovations and its operations
and will be measuring its progress through the Planet &
Society Barometer 2015-2017.

« Step Up » people

This initiative is focusing on increasing the competency of
Schneider Electric employees through stronger collaboration,
enhanced training and a culture of high performance while
continuing to have a strong engagement for diversity and
workspace Satisfaction.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDERELECTRIC 2/
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

1 RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

> 5. Research & Development

As a technology company, Schneider Electric is constantly seeking to leverage technology advances to deliver truly
innovative solutions that improve the daily life of people and the efficiency of companies, while constantly improving

the efficiency of its R&D.

5.1 Leverage technology advances

Emerging trends that appeared in the last five years, like Internet of
things («loT »), digitization and IT/OT convergence, are now
shaping Schneider Electric’s R&D strategy and investments. They
are impacting the way products and systems are architected,
developed, delivered and serviced, with significant value for our
customers.

Digitization and loT

Beyond personal devices, loT is a huge opportunity in industrial
systems. It enables significant increase in the number of measure
and control points and, as a consequence, further optimization of
hese systems. Since 2000, Schneider Electric has invested in
research programs to develop low power « pervasive sensing »
devices which are now reaching industrialization phase, just in time
‘0 contribute to such solutions.

Sensors that can work 10 years off a button size battery while
ransmitting data over wireless « mesh » networks are reaching
industrialization. Their lifetime cost is up to 10 times lower than
classical wired sensors and will revolutionize the way buildings and
actories are monitored and controlled.

R&D efforts now focus on the ease of deploying and running large
networks of such sensors and the scalability and security of the
infrastructure needed to harness the data coming from these
networks. The cloud based Digital Services Platform was
developed by Schneider Electric over the last three years to
address these two challenges. Dozens of pilots are underway with
business units and external partners, leveraging a library of
analytics modules developed in the context of the Operational
Intelligence program.

Using mobile technology, the insights delivered by these analytics
are packaged into simple, yet powerful, «context aware »
applications. Thanks to geo-localization, the information can
literally find its way to the person needing it most, depending on
where he/she is. Once advised, another set of mobile based
applications, including augmented reality, further guide the user to
transform these insights into action.

28 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

IT/OT convergence

StruxureWare, Schneider Electric’s flagship R&D program was
already about bridging the gap between automation systems (OT)
and enterprise level applications like ERP (IT) to allow further
optimization of operations. With the acquisitions of such
companies as 7T in Water, Solve IT in mining and lately InStep in
Utilities, Schneider Electric has built a strong portfolio of solutions
hat bridge this gap and deliver strong operational improvements.

n addition to delivering solid results, IT/OT convergence opens up
he possibility for simpler, more scalable and flexible industrial
architectures, leveraging the best of IT technologies, like cloud
computing and virtualization, and the OT advances driven by loT.
Nn partnership with major IT players, like CISCO and Microsoft, as
well as thought leading customers, Schneider Electric is designing
he future converged industrial architectures that have the potential
of dividing by two the lifetime cost of ownership of industrial control
systems.

Modeling and simulation

Regarding lifetime cost, the design phase of industrial projects
plays a critical role in reducing both time and cost of system
deployment.

Invensys, acquired by Schneider Electric in January 2014, is a
leader in the simulation of complex continuous processes, such as
refineries or chemical plants. During the design phase, the plant
can be simulated to optimize its design, validate its performance
and start operator training before it is even built. The IT division had
developed a similar set of tools for data centers, including 3D
thermal simulations to validate the design of the cooling system.

R&D teams are working to generalize this offering to any kind of
industrial system, including large and complex buildings like
hospitals, in partnership with the leading CAD/CAE suppliers in
these domains. Filling the gap between design and operational
systems will not only decrease design-and-build costs but also
those linked to maintaining and evolving systems over the 30+ life
expectancy that is common in some industries.

Within five years, one can expect that industrial systems will be
developed like modern software, starting from a model of the
process, followed by a simulation based on this model, developed
and tested « against » the model and finally deployed on totally
standardized hardware.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

5.2 Deliver truly innovative solutions

The advances mentioned above generate innovation across
market segments, all the way from homes to smart cities, as
illustrated in these few examples.

Homes

The Wiser home control solution includes a battery powered
wireless thermostat that can be easily installed to optimize the
comfort and energy consumption of each room. The new version
of this thermostat, leveraging the loT platform developed in the last
three years has a five times longer battery life (up to 10 years),
costs 50% less and is three times thinner than a traditional wired
thermostat.

Buildings

Making buildings more efficient often requires significant upgrades
of their control systems, which often leads to unjustifiable payback
for mid-size buildings. Thanks to a cloud based platform and the
growing acceptance of wireless communication, the SmartStruxure
Light solution decreases by 50% the cost of retro-fitting a mid-size
building.

Additionally, this solution is connected « out of the box » with a set
of cloud based algorithms that automatically discovers the thermal
characteristics of the building, learns the habits of its tenants and
automatically optimizes its consumption.

Energy

Low voltage electrical distribution panels, beyond ensuring the
safety of the assets they power, collect a large number of data
which could be used to optimize the performance of these assets.
Analyzing the frequency of the electrical feedback of a motor can,
for instance, allow to detect the wear and potential failure of their
bearings or of the equipment they power.

Thanks again to the low cost of the loT platform, every distribution
panel shipped by Schneider Electric or its partners is now
connected to the cloud. Data experts and process experts
collaborate to analyze the patterns in the data coming from the
panels to come up with novel ways of optimizing their
performance. Once developed in the cloud, the corresponding
algorithms will be optimized and implemented in the intelligent
meters and breakers built into the panel, thus making it smarter
and smarter.

The connection of distribution panels to the remote platform
enables services such as demand response, allowing the
aggregation of multiple buildings and/or factories into significant
capacity that utilities can call upon at peak times.

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

Industry

As End Users and OEMs re-examine their automation and
operation management strategies to take advantage of the loT,
enable operational excellence and improve overall business
performance, PlantStruxure and MachineStruxure architectures
play a key role in managing convergence between informational
technology and operational technology.

Our Best-In-Class Smart Connected Products such as the Alltivar
Process variable speed drive leverage loT technologies to deliver
real customer value. With its smart diagnostics based on dynamic
QR codes, and its embedded optimization algorithms such as
pump curves, the Altivar Process drive reduces downtime by up to
20%. Furthermore, its built-in energy management services and
seamless integration with business management systems provide
real operational insights contributing to operational efficiency
improvements of up to +25%.

Continuing to lead the world of Automation, the Modicon M580 is
the world's 1% ePAC - with Ethernet built right into its core,
bridging the gap between the OT and IT worlds. Thanks to
Modicon M580 you can monitor and diagnose your installation in
real-time from any location using your standard tablet and smart
phone, greatly improving the efficiency of your maintenance teams

In automation projects enhanced with Foxboro Control Systems
and Triconex Safety Instrumented Systems, Schneider Electric is
leading the way with Virtualized Engineering, also called
Engineering in the Cloud, throughout the entire project. From the
design phase to verification and testing, our customers can utilize
engineering resources and subject matter experts anywhere in the
world increasing collaboration and reducing time to first
production.

Data Centers

loT type solutions combine large networks of smart on-site devices
and powerful cloud based analytics. For multiple reasons, including
security and reliability, most of these solutions will still require
on-site computing, but with the kind of flexibility of a « private
cloud ».

Schneider Electric is working with major IT players to develop
packaged « micro data centers » that can be installed in just a few
hours on a_ site, will «discover» their environment and
self-configure, pulling functionality from Schneider Electric’s cloud
platform. Such micro data centers will be a key component of the
converged IT/OT industrial architectures mentioned earlier.

The first version of this micro data center, developed with CISCO
for traditional business applications is already commercially
available.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 29
1

30

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

5.3 Improve the efficiency of R&D

With digitization, even simple products are now part of a system
comprised of its connection to the cloud, the analytics running in
this cloud and the mobile applications delivering the derived
insights to users.

While the deployment of technology platforms has allowed to
reduce both the cost and lead time of bringing new products to
market, this new complexity requires an upgrade of development
methods and tools. To address this challenge, a very ambitious
program has been launched to deploy Model Based Systems
Engineering (MBSE) throughout Schneider Electric’s R&D. This
method was pioneered by Aerospace and Automotive and, thanks
to its packaging in modern toolset, now becomes applicable to
less complex systems.

From the customer requirements expressed by Marketing, a model
of the product and/or system is developed using a specific

5.4 Financing innovative startups

In 2000, Schneider Electric created an investment structure called
Schneider Electric Ventures to invest in high-tech start-ups whose
innovations fit with the Group’s future development.

In 2010, Schneider Electric Ventures became Aster Capital with the
launch of a new capital investment fund to finance innovative
start-ups operating within the areas of energy, new materials and
the environment. This second fund received a capital subscription
of EUR105 million from Schneider Electric (EUR40 million), Alstom
(EUR30 million), Solvay (EUR15 million) and in 2012 by the
European Investment Fund (EUR20 million), a benchmark financial
partner in Europe.

Managing a portfolio of partnership
opportunities

The mission of Aster Capital is to purchase minority interests in
innovative start-ups in the fields of energy and the environment
based in Europe, Israel, North America and Asia. The scouting
activities constitute a source of particularly productive partnerships
and forge contacts with more than 1,500 small and mid-sized
businesses around the world each year. In 2014, three new
investments were realized, joining the first ten companies already in
the portfolio, including EcoFactor, Lucibel and Iceotope.

Aster’s first fund currently still holds 10 equity interests in Solaire
Direct, Jet Metal Technologies, Tronics, Casanova, Tiempo,
Ordinal Software, Teem Photonics, HBA, Fludicon and Agilence.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

language. This model can be used to generate mockups that can
be validated and can evolve with customers before any R&D is
committed.

The validated model then becomes the reference from which the
mechanical, electronics and software design team can work in
parallel. From the model, engineers can query libraries of reusable
components, developed on the technology platforms now
common to all businesses, thus accelerating projects while
reducing risks. Successive versions are tested against the model,
and again with customers, ensuring that final integration and
testing will go smoothly.

First pilots have confirmed the potential of MBSE and_ full
deployment has started mid-2014, with the expectation that every
program will apply this method by 2016.

The CoSMo Company — EUR1.5 million investment
in January 2014

The business of The CoSMo Company is based on the use of their
internally developed computer modeling and simulation platform.
This platform is used to resolve concrete problems and to support
projects under development by taking a complex system
approach. Complex systems are projects with a large number of
interacting entities, such as cities, infrastructure networks or even
biological tissues, the understanding of which requires modeling.

Easybike group — EUR3 million investment
in September 2014

The French leader in electric bikes, Easybike manufactures,
develops and distributes a complete line of electric bikes, including
the Solex and Mobiky brands, which are exported to about twenty
countries.

Digital Lumens - USD3 million investment in
October 2014

Digital Lumens is a Boston-based company that has developed
the first intelligent LED lighting system for industrial facilities,
warehouses, factories, etc. This system is based on a global
approach that combines LEDs, wireless control architecture,
monitoring sensors and centralized management software.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Identifying emerging trends and technologies
and delivering relevant inputs

Aster Capital is in touch with start-ups on a daily basis. This gives
Aster Capital a unique perspective on emerging technologies,
customer needs and new market segments. The work is shared at
three levels:

@ by identifying emerging trends and weak signals which may
have an impact on markets, customers and/or future Schneider
Electric business, and sharing them on a regular basis with the
leaders within Schneider Electric;

e by introducing about 300 start-ups each year to Schneider
Electric teams within relevant countries, businesses and
corporate departments; and

@ by publishing market analyses that are presented to Schneider
Electric teams. Again this year, ten topics related to the energy
and environment sectors have been covered and shared within
Schneider Electric.

ORGANIZATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

An innovative element introduced this year is that the Aster Capital
teams have made a dedicated web platform available to all
Schneider Electric employees, which gives them even easier
access to all of these resources, information and databases.

Developing business opportunities
in data centers

Schneider Electric decided to invest EUR50O million in the TMT
(Technology, Media and Telecommunications) sector in China, with
a particular interest in the development of data centers. In late
October 2014, Aster Capital created an investment fund that
guarantees the good governance of this project in coordination
with local Schneider teams.

> 6. Organizational simplicity

and efficiency

Schneider Electric’s profile has undergone an unprecedented transformation in the past decade to become a global

specialist in energy management.

Under the One company program (2009-2011), the organization was redesigned to better serve its customers. This
transformation continued with the Connect company program (2012- 2014) to organize our diverse businesses for
more cohesiveness to address in a differentiated manner the specific needs of our customers. Now with the current
company program, Schneider is On (2015-2020), we will leverage these organizational simplifications and further

empower our team members towards growth.

6.1 Acustomer focused organization

Dual orientation — technologies and
end-markets

Schneider Electric is organized in four business segments. Each
business segment is responsible for specific technologies and
adresses targeted end-market segments. This organization was
designed in order to support our two business models: products
and solutions. Selling products requires clear technological
leadership, while selling solutions requires close customer
relationships and a deep understanding of end users’ needs.

e Buildings & Partner business is the merger of the Buildings
business and Partner business. Its technological scope covers
low voltage, building automation and renewables.

e Infrastructure business scope covers medium voltage and grid
automation technologies.

Industry business scope covers industrial automation, control
and sensors technologies.

e IT business scope covers critical power and cooling
technologies for data centers as well as non-IT applications.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 31
1

32

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

ORGANIZATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

Each of the business segment manages its R&D, marketing and
sales teams and is responsible for its global results.

A number of back-office functions such as finance, Human
Resources, IT systems and global marketing are handled by the
Global Functions, which have a governance role and provide
services internally.

Rationalization and optimization of synergies

The organization is deployed in accordance with three key
concepts: specialization, | mutualization and globalization.
Specialization mainly concerns sales and front-office operations.
Mutualization covers local back-office operations at the country
and regional level. Globalization concerns the six support
functions, now known as Global Functions:

e Finance;

e Marketing;

e Supply chain;

e@ Human Resources;
@ Strategy;

e Information systems.

A substantial portion of the Global Functions’ costs is re-allocated
to the businesses using distribution keys or application bases that
are generally defined annually.

e Specialization: in each country, each business has its own
sales force and local leader as soon as it reaches critical mass.
it also has a specialized front office in each host country to
respond more effectively to customer demand for specific
expertise. Each business segment is also responsible for its
overall results, both for product sales (in its business lines) and
he implementation of solutions (especially for end-market
segments within its scope). As solutions can consist of products
coming from different business segments and in order to define

Geographic dimension and legal structure

a single point of contact for customers, each business segment
is responsible for solutions in certain defined end-markets.
Business efforts have focused on implementing and
strengthening existing teams dedicated to meeting the specific
needs of these strategic customer segments with a strong focus
on the collaboration between the business lines, in order to
ensure these customer’s needs are met as fully as possible.

e Mutualization: the business is organized around Operational
Regions: Global Operations, North America and China. These
Regions are split into 17 zones with empowered Zone
Presidents and Country Presidents, which are appointed in each
country to be the custodians of four Business in their countries:
ndustry, Infrastructure, Partner & Buildings and IT, including
Field Services. In addition, they are responsible to monitor the
ull transversal P&L of the country, deploy Schneider Electric’s
strategy in the country (including all local cross-functional topics
such as increasing cross-selling among businesses) and pool
he local back-office resources. These resources are gradually
brought together in each country or region under the Country
President’s supervision and can include multiple local support
unctions ranging from administration to project execution,
depending on the situation. In addition, the Country President
serves as the mutualization driving force and Schneider
Electric’s main representative in the country, most notably in
dealings with employees and local officials.

e Globalization: major support functions that are not specific to a
given country or business are gradually globalized to increase
experience and leverage a significant scale effect around cost
and service. Manufacturing and supply chain operations, areas
of shared services or expertise (Such as finance or Human
Resources), information systems, Group Strategy and global
marketing functions are now included within the Group’s Global
Functions. Global Supply Chain is continuing to focus on the
areas of global productivity, customer differentiation and
customer satisfaction.

The Group’s goal is to establish, where ever possible, a single legal structure in each country.

Schneider Electric’s simplified legal organization chart is as follows:

Schneider
Electric SE

Operational
companies

The list of consolidated companies is provided in note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements (see page 239). Boissiére

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Schneider Electric
Industries SAS

Boissiére Finance

Finance is the Group’s centralized cash-management structure; it
also centralizes hedging operations for all subsidiaries.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

ORGANIZATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

6.2. Amore modular approach to information systems

Schneider Electric is completing a 3-year IT strategic cycle
(2012-2014) in line with the Connect company strategy. This IT
strategic cycle was comprised of four strategic directions:

e standardize where it creates value: six IT domains as modular
as possible and which can be easily integrated for agility and
focused differentiation;

e make diversity efficient: one ERP federation with coordinated
data in order to minimize the number of ERP migrations by
replacing only when necessary;

e working smarter: leverage a global IT platform for our
employees in order to provide an interface accessible anywhere
and anytime by end users;

e run IT as a business: clear governance rules to run IT with
efficiency, speed and security.

The IT strategy of Schneider Electric is being refreshed in order to

align with the New Company Program Schneider is On, and an

updated IT Strategic Cycle will be introduced in 2015.

6.3. Worldwide redeployment of production and supply chain resources

Schneider Electric has more than 240 plants and 100 distribution
centers around the world. Customer satisfaction is its top priority.

While working constantly to improve occupational health and
safety and environmental protection, Schneider  Electric’s
manufacturing policy aims to fulfill four key objectives, in order of
priority:

1) to achieve a level of quality and service that meets or
exceeds customer expectations;

2) to obtain cost-competitive products while continuing to
deliver strong and consistent productivity;

3) to develop system speed and efficiency and limit production
sites’ risk exposure (currency parity, geopolitical risks and
changes in cost factors);

4) to optimize capital employed in manufacturing operations.

A number of the production facilities and distribution centers are
dedicated to the global market. The other units are located as
close as possible to their end markets. Although design and/or
aesthetic features may be adapted to meet local requirements,
Schneider Electric standardizes key components as much as
possible. This global/local approach helps Schneider Electric
maximize economies of scale and optimize profitability and service
quality.

Drawing on its global scope, Schneider Electric has re-balanced
and optimized its manufacturing and supply chain resources.

In Western Europe, the United States, Japan and Australia,
adaptation plans continued to be deployed with a focus on
specializing production and supply chain units and reducing the
number of sites.

Continuous improvement ona global scale

At the same time, an industrial excellence program called
Schneider Production System (SPS) has been rolled out in all
plants to substantially and continuously improve service quality and
productivity. The program also takes environmental criteria into
account. Based on a lean manufacturing approach, SPS is

supported by the extension of Six Sigma and Quality and Value
Analysis programs across the Group. By deploying these
optimization methods globally and sharing best practices, the
Group intends to raise the operational performance of all its plants
to the same high standard.

Schneider Electric’s plants and products comply with increasingly
extensive and stringent European regulations and with international
standards governing environmental protection in all host countries.
In many cases, the Group anticipates future standards. In 1992,
Schneider Electric defined a formal environmental policy, which
was revised in 2004 to take account of changes both internally and
externally. This policy is designed to improve production
processes, promote eco-design, integrate customer expectations
into the Group’s environmental protection approach and raise
awareness among all employees and partners about environmental
protection and energy efficiency. In order to limit risks related to the
environment generally, the Group has implemented an
ISO 14001-compliant process to continuously improve the
environmental performance of its plants and supply chain centers.
Nearly all of our industrial sites have now been ISO 14001 certified,
and so we can address our efforts towards new areas for
improvement, which were initiated and/or pursued in 2012-2018,
like ISO 50001 certification (energy efficiency) as well as qualitative
and quantitative improvement of our sites’ water consumption and
industrial waste generation.

Schneider Electric has implemented a policy to systematically
identify and reduce its industrial risk in order to secure maximum
service to its customers and to minimize any impact of disaster,
whether it is internal in nature (fire) or external (natural disasters).
This policy relies on local actions to remove the identified risks
following audits led by an external firm recognized by insurers, as
well an action plan for the continuity of production. If, after
corrective actions, the risk remains too high, then the activity is
repeated at another Schneider Electric site. Since 2014, this
process has been extended to single-source suppliers in order to
reduce the risk level in five areas (financial, geopolitical, industrial,
quality and dependence on Schneider Electric activity).

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 33
1

34

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

ORGANIZATIONAL SIMPLICITY AND EFFICIENCY

The segmented response to customer needs

In 2012, Schneider Electric launched the « Tailored Supply Chain »
program as part of the company program Connect, with the aim to
better align the supply chain set-up with the needs and behaviors
of each customer segment (distributors, partners, panel
builders, etc.).

Six initiatives were defined to support the transformation of the
supply chain:

e purchasing: step up purchasing to drive proactive planning of
procurement;

e optimization of the industrial operation: manage the
operation of critical components to improve lead-time to
customers (suppliers, factories, logistics);

e supply chain flow redesign: reduce lead-time through
optimization of plant and distribution center footprint and flow
design;

e transportation rationalization: increase partnerships with
selected carriers to improve customer service;

e industrial planning: build best-in-class planning process by
customer segment;

e IT capability: align information systems strategy with this
segmentation.

This approach required a more dynamic industrial strategy around
how we serve our clients, how to configure our products,
equipment and services for our customers and how to deliver to
those customers, while at the same time, simplifying the way we
work and therefore focusing on creating value for our customers by
streamlining our decision-making processes and
organizational structure.

This led to the announcement of a new Industrial Organization
or 2013, structured around eight regions (Europe, CIS, China,
ndia, Pacific, Asia, North America, South America) which groups
all of Schneider Electric industrial activities together in these
regions. In addition, this also led to the verticalization of all
Purchasing activities to simplify and unify its contact with suppliers.

The digitization of the supply chain

n 2013, Schneider Electric put emphasis on digitization as a way
‘0 accelerate and intensify its transformation.

For the supply chain, this approach aims to synchronize suppliers
and plants through distribution centers and carriers to improve
service to customers. Many programs have been launched in order
to offer new features and improve the responsiveness in relation to
market demand supported by new technologies.

Supply chain optimization will benefit from the flow model,
combined with the integration of the IT systems of our logistics
partners with cloud technology. Similarly, a partnership with Kinaxis
will enable the « digitization » of industrial planning and extend the
scope. This technology facilitates interaction loops between the
different functions and improves our responsiveness to customers
as well as significantly reducing the value of fixed assets in
inventory. Finally, the development of new features tailored to each
customer segment on our targeted computer systems (of the
supply chain) will be supported by a strengthened IT convergence
plan.

This digitization of the supply chain fully meets the priorities of the
Group’s industrial strategy targeting first Customer satisfaction
while reducing costs for increasing responsiveness and reducing
capital employed.

Akey competitive advantage for our customers

All of these efforts to improve the supply chain have been
recognized well outside the company. In September 2014 Gartner,
a leading IT research and advisory firm, ranked Schneider Electric’s
supply chain 22nd in Europe and 67th worldwide, an improvement
of 34 places in two years.

The Group’s aim for the next few years is to turn this into a
competitive advantage through customer recognition that we offer
the best logistics solutions. The new 2015-2020 company
program aims to drastically improve the capacity and response
speed of the supply chain while strengthening economic and
ecological efficiency in order to even better serve our customers by
providing them with a customized logistics response that meets
their expectations while ensuring sustainability.

6.4 Purchasing: selection and internationalization

Purchasing corresponds to around 50% of revenue and plays a
crucial role in the Group’s technical and business performance. As
part of its program to optimize Purchasing, the Group has sought
to source a_ significant portion of its purchases from the
top-performing suppliers (« recommended » suppliers) and aims to
increase local sourcing in the new economies to more than 50%.

Schneider Electric primarily purchases prefabricated components,
raw materials (silver, copper, aluminum, steel and_ plastics),
electronic and electrical products and services. The supplier list

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

includes multinationals as well as small, medium and intermediate
sized companies.

Suppliers are selected for the quality of their products and
services, their adherence to delivery deadlines, _ their
competitiveness, their expertise, their innovative capacity and their
commitment to corporate social responsibility (CSR). As a
signatory to the United Nations’ Global Compact and in view of its
recommendation of ISO 26000 to its principal suppliers, Schneider
Electric encourages its suppliers to join this sustainable
development process and its continuous improvement.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

> 7. Risk Factors

As described in Chapter 3.9 Internal control and risk management,
Schneider Electric regularly analyses the risks and threats it faces,
which has revealed six major risk categories as follows:

e risk factors related to the Group’s business, which also include
the solutions business, supplier risks and competitive threats;

e industrial and environmental risks that also include risks such as
natural catastrophes and political disturbances, etc.;

RISK FACTORS

e information system risks and cyber threats;

e market risks covering currency risks and raw material price
fluctuation risks;

e legal risks that also cover intellectual property;
@ litigation and related risks.

The Group’s main risks and threats are summarized in a chart
of overall risks based on their impact and probability.

Risk factors related to the Group’s business

Schneider Electric operates worldwide,
in competitive and cyclical markets

The worldwide markets for the Group’s products are competitive in
terms of pricing, quality of products, systems and _ services,
development and introduction time for new _ offers.
Schneider Electric faces strong competitors, some of whom are
larger than we are or are developing in certain lower cost countries.
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in economic growth cycles
and to the respective levels of investments within the different
countries in which we operate. The Group’s widespread
geographic coverage and diversified end markets enable us to ride
out downturns on specific markets.

As 44% of the Group’s revenue is generated in emerging
countries, we are exposed to the risks associated with those
markets.

The Group’s wide international presence exposes us to many
economic, legal and political risks in the countries in which we
operate. These include risks arising from social unrest (particularly
strikes and walk-outs), political instability, unforeseen regulatory
changes, restrictions on capital transfers and other obstacles to
free trade, and local tax laws. All of these risks may have an
adverse effect on the Group’s operations, results or financial
position.

Schneider Electric has implemented procedures designed to
protect it as far as possible from these risks, which are generally
beyond our control, and to manage them as effectively as possible.
These procedures include quarterly business reviews in which
performance and projections are monitored, in terms of activity,
action plans, results to date and forecasts, at all organizational
levels of the Group (see section 3.9 Internal control and_ risk
management). The Group also has the necessary competencies to
manage these risks, mainly through our central functions (finance,
legal, tax and customs).

The growth and success of the Group’s products
depend on its ability to constantly adapt to and
leverage new technologies to deliver high value
products and solutions

The markets in which Schneider Electric operates are experiencing
rapid evolutions due to the introduction of innovative technologies,
such as loT and Big Data. Customers expect smarter and smarter
products with open interfaces enabling them to be tightly
integrated into more and more complex software based solutions.
The resulting digitization of products, including native Web
connectivity opens numerous new opportunities, but will also
accelerate the convergence of IT and OT technologies, thus
making it possible for new players to enter our markets. The
widespread usage of mobile devices creates new expectations
from customers as far as the general usability of products. Last but
not least, the increased connectivity of products increases the risk
of cyber attacks.

To meet these challenges, the Group has increased its investments
in the areas of embedded control (hardware and software), and
cyber-security. A Group-wide initiative aims at developing common
control technologies, leveraging such advances as « controller on a
chip », resulting in smart and open products that are « natively »
secure. More and more, the development of products goes hand
in hand with the development of life-cycle services leveraging Web
connectivity to deliver superior lifetime value to our customers.
Such services not only open new recurring revenue opportunities
for Schneider Electric, but reinforce the Group’s competitive
position versus potential new entrants.

The increased software content of the Group’s solutions has
resulted in specific investments in the area of user experience. The
standards and techniques developed for software solutions apply
readily to smart phones and allow development teams to
seamlessly complement products and solutions with state of the
art mobile applications.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 35
1

36

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

Regarding cyber-security, a specific investment program has been
launched to develop specific capabilities. Specialists have been
embedded in the main development teams/centers are involved
from the early phases of the design to make products inherently
safe. A constant monitoring of emerging threats has been
implemented in partnership with specialized firms and specific
incident response processes have been established to support
customers in case of cyber-attack against Schneider Electric
products.

The market for software-based solutions has faster cycles than
some of Schneider Electric’s hardware markets. As a provider of
critical infrastructure management solutions, the Group
nevertheless does not compromise its standards of outstanding
reliability and security. As a consequence, a program is underway
to generalize the latest standards of System Engineering, allowing
different teams to work in parallel on complex products or
systems, while assuring the highest quality standards. Coupled
with techniques such as early prototyping, leveraging 3D printing,
and simulation, these efforts contribute to the continued reduction
of go-to-market lead times.

To sustainably manage these challenges, the Group needs to
constantly invest in the competencies of its 11000 R&D engineers,
both to reinforce its traditional domains of expertise and develop
new ones. Worldwide competency networks, which extend into
universities, research centers and partners remain the backbone of
Schneider Electric’s R&D organization. Each network constantly
monitors emerging technologies and competitive trends in its
domain, decides the launch of research efforts to position the
Group ahead of those trends and ensures the related upgrade of
the network’s talent pool.

Schneider Electric’s strategy involves growth
through acquisitions and mergers that
are potentially difficult to execute

The Group’s strategy involves strengthening its positions through
acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and mergers.
Changes in the scope of consolidation during 2014 are described
in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements (Chapter 5).

External growth projects are examined in detail by the businesses
and corporate functions (strategy, finance, legal affairs, tax and
Human Resources) concerned, under a rigorous internal process
developed and led at Group level. A launch committee is
responsible for initiating the review process to identify the risks and
opportunities associated with each external growth project, while a
number of validation committees review the results on an ongoing
basis. Projects that successfully come through the review process
are submitted for approval to the Group Acquisitions Committee
made up of the main members of senior management. The largest
projects require the prior approval of the Chairman and CEO, and,
in some cases, the board of directors.

External growth transactions are inherently risky because of the
difficulties that may arise in integrating people, operations,
technologies and products, and the related acquisition,
administrative and other costs.

This is why an integration procedure for new acquisitions has been
drawn up. The integration of acquisitions is a process that extends
over a period of six to 24 months depending on the type and size
of the newly acquired company. The integration scenario for each
acquisition varies depending on whether the business was
acquired to strengthen or extend the Group’s existing line-up or
enter a new segment. There are a number of different integration
scenarios, ranging from total integration to separate organization.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

An integration plan is drawn up for each acquisition and submitted
to the Acquisitions Committee for approval. The plan is
implemented by an integration manager who reports to a Steering
Committee that initially meets at monthly intervals and then on a
quarterly basis.

The unit that presents the acquisition project is accountable to the
Group’s senior management for meeting clearly defined business
plan targets covering future performance and expected synergies.
Actual performance is measured against business plan targets
during quarterly business reviews and, for the largest acquisitions,
by the board of directors.

Value in use is determined by discounting estimated future cash
flows that will be generated by the tested assets, generally over a
period of not more than five years. These future cash flows are
based on Group management’s economic assumptions and
operating forecasts. The discount rate corresponds to Schneider
Electric’s weighted average cost of capital (WACC) at the valuation
date plus a risk premium depending on the region in question (local
risk-free rate), the nature of the target’s business (appropriate
beta), and the structure of the financing (taking into account the
debt to equity ratio and risk premium on the debt). The Group’s
WACC stood at 7.6% at December 31, 2014, slightly decreasing
compared to the 2013 financial year. The perpetuity growth rate
was 2%, unchanged on the previous financial year.

Goodwill is allocated to a Cash Generating Unit (CGU) when initially
recognized. The CGU allocation is done on the same basis as
used by Group management to monitor operations and assess
synergies deriving from acquisitions. Impairment tests are
performed at the level of the cash generating unit (CGU), i.e. in
2014 the Buildings & Partner, Infrastructure, Industry and IT
businesses. Details on asset impairment are provided in note 1.11
to the consolidated financial statements (Chapter 5).

Where the recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is lower than its
book value, an impairment loss is recognized. Where the tested
CGU comprises goodwill, any impairment losses are firstly
deducted therefrom.

The Group’s success depends on its ability to
attract and retain qualified individuals, and
engaging its workforce to support our Growth
ambition for the future

Competition for highly qualified management and_ technical
personnel is intense in the Group’s industry, and becomes a bigger
challenge as the Group continues on its trajectory of growth in
mature economies as well as in new economies. Future continued
success depends in part on the Group’s ability to hire, assimilate
and retain engineers, sales people and other qualified personnel,
especially in the area of energy efficiency solutions. This ability can
only result from a strong employee-centric Human Resources
strategy and its ability to prepare its workforce for the future
through learning and identifying talent within the organization.

The Group’s Human Resources strategy is strongly anchored in its
« Total Employee Experience » philosophy, ensuring that Human
Resources offers at every stage of an employee’s life cycle within
the company remain attractive in order to recognize, reward and
retain employees. The Human Resources Function is valued as a
backbone of support for the business, bringing efficiency and
quality to the employee experience. Our entire HR Strategy is being
developed to support our 2020 vision on leadership and culture at
Schneider Electric. It defines the values and transformation we
want to accomplish, one of them being to increase our diversity.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

We believe it is key if we want to keep on meeting expectations of
our customers through ongoing innovation. Our multi-polar
organization with senior leaders in every continent has been
created to facilitate the growth of talents in every part of the world.

To nurture the resilient and innovative workforce required for its
success, the Group encourages employees to take ownership of
managing their performance and career development. From the
point of joining, employees are immersed in a learning culture
founded upon three pillars: Education, Experience and Exposure
(8Es). Learning initiatives are actively driven by Human Resources;
internal processes and programs are geared towards creating
learning opportunities for employees; managers are encouraged to
guide and coach employees in their individual development
journeys. At the end, we want our employees to feel accountable
of their development and success at Schneider Electric.

During 2014 further steps were taken to reinforce the active
management of talent at all levels and in all parts of the company.
A state-of-the-art talent management system was introduced to
support employees in planning their career development, while
giving managers and HR specialists enhanced visibility to plan for
longer-term career development and succession to critical roles in
the organization. Our culture of systematically reviewing talent at

Industrial and environmental risks

Defective products or design flaws may cause
bodily harm or property damage and subject us
to product liability claims and other adverse
effects.

Despite its testing and quality procedures, the Group’s products
might not operate properly or might contain design faults or
defects, which could give rise to disputes in respect of our liability
as seller or manufacturer, notably in Europe, where liability related
to defective products could lead to a loss of revenue, claims under
warranty and legal proceedings. Such disputes could reduce
demand for our products or harm our reputation for safety and
quality. To prevent or limit these risks, Schneider Electric
immediately recalls products if there are any doubts whatsoever

RISK FACTORS

every level of the organization gives fair opportunity to everyone to
progress.

The Group’s acquisitions and growth ambitions have increased its
global presence and internationalized the profile of its workforce.
This and company reorganization highlighted the importance and
necessity of working well together. Employee engagement efforts
are therefore key to creating a common Schneider Electric identity
while promoting diversity and inclusion. The Group introduced a
global Diversity & Inclusion policy in 2014, and has for the past few
years regularly sought both blue and white-collar feedback through
bi-annual company-wide employee engagement surveys. Listening
to our employees and acting upon their feedback is a key pillar of
our HR Strategy and actions.

These employee engagement efforts support employer branding
initiatives; the Group has actively reached out to prospective
employees through social media platforms and events for targeted
groups, and has continued to gain accolades as an « Employer of
Choice ».

Work continues to be done in these and other areas so that HR is
equipped to effectively deliver its employer value proposition and
further support the Group in its future endeavours.

that a product or one of its components is not 100% safe for
people and/or equipment. Another broad recall campaign involves
our global recall of Vigi Compact NS/NSX circuit breakers
produced between 2009 and 2011, which began in 2011 and was
continued in 2012 and 2013. It was concluded in 2014.

As in 2013, no broad product recall was begun in 2014.

Some of the expenses incurred by Schneider Electric in the
context of product recalls are covered by the liability insurance
program described in the « Insurance » section below.

Provisions for product risk totaled EUR446 million as of
December 31, 2014 (see note 23 to the consolidated financial
statements).

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 37
1

38

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

The Group’s plants and products are subject to
environmental laws and regulations

Our plants and products are subject to extensive and increasingly
stringent environmental laws and regulations in the countries in
which we operate.

To limit risks related to the environment in general, the Group is
involved in a process to continuously improve the environmental
performance of its plants and products. In 1992, Schneider Electric
drafted a formal environmental policy. This policy is designed to
improve production processes, promote eco-design, and integrate
customer expectations into our environmental protection
approach. This policy also aims to identify, assess and prevent
environmental risks, in order to guarantee full compliance with all
environmental laws and regulations applicable to the Group’s
businesses, particularly those in force in the European Union and
considered more rigorous (notably the WEEE, RoHS directives and
REACH Regulation). We record environmental provisions when the
risks can be reliably measured or it is probable that clean-up work
will be performed and the related costs can be reasonably
estimated. Provisions for environmental risks totaled
EUR308 million as of December 31, 2014. If no risk has been
identified, Schneider Electric will not estimate the financial cost of
environmental risks. We expect our spending on environmental
compliance programs to increase as a result of changes to existing
environmental regulations and the introduction of new regulations.

Information systems risk

The Group operates, either directly or through service providers, a
wide range of highly complex information systems, including
servers, networks, applications and databases, that are essential
to the efficiency of our sales and manufacturing processes. Failure
of any of these hardware or software systems, a fulfillment failure
by a service provider, human error or computer viruses could
adversely affect the quality of service offered by the Group.

The Group regularly examines alternative solutions to protect
against this type of risk and has developed contingency plans to
mitigate the effects of any information system failure. Dedicated
governance structures have been set up to manage relations with
service providers responsible for outsourced IT systems
operations.

Problems may also be encountered during the deployment of new
applications or software. In particular, in the last few years, the
Group has developed ERPs systems under SAP, which it started
to roll out in 2008. This roll-out process has been carried out fully

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

There can be no guarantee that Schneider Electric will not be
required to pay significant fines or compensation as a result of
past, current or future breaches of environmental laws and
regulations by companies that are currently or were previously
members of the Group. This exposure exists even if the Group is
not responsible for the breaches, in cases where they were
committed in the past by companies or businesses that were not
part of the Group at the time.

Schneider Electric may also be exposed to the risk of claims for
breaches of environmental laws and regulations. Such claims could
adversely affect Schneider Electric’s financial position and
reputation, despite the efforts and investments made to comply at
all times with all applicable environmental laws and regulations as
they change.

If Schneider Electric fails to conduct its operations in compliance
with the applicable environmental laws and regulations, the judicial
or regulatory authorities could require the Group to conduct
investigations and/or implement costly clean-up measures to deal
with the current or past contamination of current or former
production facilities or off-site waste disposal facilities, and to scale
back or temporarily or permanently close facilities in accordance
with the applicable environmental laws and regulations.

=:

Finally, the Group may be exposed to new risks related to recent
acquisitions. In application of IFRS rules, these risks are assessed
in the framework of the allocation of the purchase price, as
specified in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

or partially in a number of countries since 2008, and is continuing
in France, Brazil the United States and other countries.

n addition to the deployment of ERP systems, the Group is
deploying various applications aimed at enhancing commercial and
supply chain efficiency.

n view of these projects’ complexity, extensive functionalities and
heir worldwide deployment, the Group has set up dedicated
governance and cost control structures to manage these issues
and limit the related risks.

However, despite the Group’s policy of establishing governance
structures and contingency plans, there can be no assurance that
information systems projects will not be subject to technical
problems and/or execution delays. While it is difficult to accurately
quantify the impact of any such problems or delays, they could
have an adverse effect on inventory levels, service quality and,
consequently, on our financial results.
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Market risks

Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to risks associated with the effect of
changing interest rates in different countries. Interest rate risk on
borrowings is managed at the Group level, based on consolidated
debt and taking into consideration market conditions in order to
optimize overall borrowing costs. Most bond debt is fixed rate. At
December 31, 2014, 79% of the Group’s gross debt was fixed
rate.

Maturities of financial liabilities are presented in note 24.1 to the
consolidated financial statements.

A 1% increase in interest rates would have a positive impact of
around EUR10 million on the Group’s net financial expense.

The financial instruments used to hedge the exposure of the Group
to fluctuations in interest rates are described in note 26 to the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2014.

The Group’s international operations expose it
to currency exchange risk

Due to the fact that a significant proportion of transactions of
Schneider Electric are denominated in currencies other than the
euro, the Group is exposed to currency risk. If the Group is not
able to hedge these risks, fluctuations in exchange rates between
the euro and these currencies can have a significant impact on our
results and distort year-on-year performance comparisons.

We manage our exposure to currency risk to reduce the sensitivity
of earnings to changes in exchange rates through hedging
programs relating to receivables, payables and cash flows, which
are primarily hedged by means of forward purchases and sales.

Depending on market conditions, risks in the main currencies may
be hedged based on cash flow forecasting using contracts that
expire in 12 months or less.

Schneider Electric’s currency hedging policy is to protect our
subsidiaries against risks on transactions denominated in a
currency other than their functional currency. More than twenty
currencies are involved, with the US dollar, Chinese Yuan,
Singapore Dollar, Australian Dollar, British Pound, the Hungarian
Forint and Russian Rubbles representing the most significant
sources of those risks. The financial instruments used to hedge our
exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates are described in
note 26 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2014 (Chapter 5).

In 2014, revenue in foreign currencies amounted to
EUR19.7 billion, including around EUR7 billion in US dollar and
3.4 billion in Chinese yuan.

The main exposure of the Group in terms of currency exchange
risk is related to the US dollar, the Chinese yuan and to currencies
linked to the US dollar. The Group estimates that in the current
structure of its operations, a 5% increase of the euro compared to
the US dollar would have a negligible impact on operating margin
(a translation effect of EUR44 million on EBITA).

RISK FACTORS

Equity risk

Exposure to equity risk primarily relates to treasury shares but
remains limited. The Group does not use any financial instruments
to hedge these positions.

An increase in raw material prices could have
negative consequences

The Group is exposed to fluctuations in energy and raw material
prices, in particular steel, copper, aluminum, silver, lead, nickel,
zinc and plastics. If we are not able to hedge, compensate for or
pass on to customers any such increased costs, this could have
an adverse impact on our financial results.

The Group has, however, implemented certain procedures to limit
exposure to rising non-ferrous and precious raw material prices.
The purchasing departments of the operating units report their
purchasing forecasts to the Corporate Finance and Treasury
Department. Purchase commitments are hedged using forward
contracts, swaps and, to a lesser extent, options.

The financial instruments used to hedge our exposure to
fluctuations in raw material prices are described in note 26 to the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2014.

In 2014, purchases of raw materials totaled around EUR2 billion,
including around EUR900 million for non-ferrous and precious
metals, of which roughly 57% was for copper. The Group enters
into swap and options agreements intended to hedge all or part of
its non-ferrous and precious metals purchases in order to limit the
impact of price volatility of these raw materials on our results. At
December 31, 2014, the Group had hedged positions with a
nominal value ofEUR271 million on these transactions.

Counterparty risk

Financial transactions are entered into with carefully selected
counterparties. Banking counterparties are chosen according to
the customary criteria, including the credit rating issued by an
independent rating agency.

Group policy consists of diversifying counterparty risks and
periodic controls are performed to check compliance with the
related rules.

In addition, the Group takes out substantial credit insurance and
uses other types of guarantees to limit the risk of losses on trade
accounts receivable.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity is provided by the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and
undrawn confirmed lines of credit. As of December 31, 2014, the
Group had access to cash and cash equivalents totaling
EUR2.4 billion. As of December 31, 2014, the Group had EUR
2.4 billion in undrawn confirmed lines of credit, of which
EUR2.4 billion matures after December 2015.

The Group’s credit rating enables it to raise significant long-term
financing and attract a diverse investor base. The Group currently
has an A- (negative outlook) credit rating from Standard & Poor’s

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 39
1

40

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

and an A credit rating from Moody’s. The Group’s liabilities and
their terms and conditions are described in note 24 of Chapter 5.

In line with the Group’s overall policy of conservatively managing
liquidity risk and protecting our financial position, when negotiating
new liquidity facilities the Group avoids the inclusion of clauses that
would have the effect of restricting the availability of credit lines,
such as covenants requiring compliance with certain financial
ratios. As of December 31, 2014, Schneider Electric SE had no
financing or confirmed lines of credit that were subject to
covenants requiring compliance with financial ratios.

The loan agreements or lines of credit for some of our liquidity
facilities include cross-default clauses. If we were to default on any

Legal risks

Our products are subject to varying national and
international standards and regulations

Our products, which are sold in national markets worldwide, are
subject to regulations in each of those markets, as well as to
various supranational regulations (sales restrictions, tariffs, tax
laws, security standards, etc.). Changes to any of these regulations
or standards or their applicability to the Group’s business could
lead to lower sales or increased operating costs, which would
result in lower earnings and profitability.

Our products are also subject to multiple quality and safety
controls and regulations, and are governed by both national and
supranational standards. The majority of our products comply with
world-recognized International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC)
standards as well as with the applicable rules in the European
Union, and in particular the REACH and RoHs rules. Any necessary
capital investments or costs of specific measures for compliance
with new or more stringent standards and regulations could have a
negative impact on Group operations.

n addition, in the majority of the markets on which its products are
sold, Schneider Electric is subject to national and supranational
regulations governing competition. If the Group is implicated in
hese areas, this could have a significant impact on the Group’s
businesses, results and financial position. However, to mitigate
hese risks, the Group completed its « Principles of Responsibility »
by implementing a GLOBAL COMPETITION LAW POLICY that has
been widely rolled out within the Group, together with a training
program set up by the Legal Affairs Department.

Risks related to products sold

In addition, in case of malfunction or failure of one of its products,
systems or solutions, Schneider Electric could incur liability arising
from any resulting tangible or intangible damages, or personal
injury. Similarly, the Group could incur liability based on errors in
the design of a product, system or solution or because of a
malfunction related to the interface with other products or systems.
The failure of a product, system or solution may involve costs
related to the product recall, result in new expenditures for

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

of our liquidity facilities, we could be required to repay the sums
due on some of these facilities.

Moreover, anticipated reimbursement provisions exist for certain
financing and lines of credit in case of change of control. Under
these provisions, the debt holders may demand repayment if a
shareholder or shareholders acting together hold more than 50%
of the company’s shares, for the majority of contracts, and this
event triggers a downgrading of the company’s rating. As of
December 31, 2014, EUR4.8 billion of the Group’s financing and
lines of credit had these types of provisions.

development, and launch technical and economic resources. Such
costs could have a significant impact on the profitability and cash
and cash equivalents of the Group. The business reputation of
Schneider Electric could also be negatively impacted.

To prevent these risks, Schneider Electric has implemented quality
procedures at the level of design, development and production of
its products, systems and solutions. In case of product returns, the
type and source of the failures are analyzed and corrective actions
are implemented. The Group has also put in place insurance
coverage to cover its civil liability and the risk of product recalls
(see section 1.7 Risk factors on Insurance policy).

The development and success of the
Group’s products depends on its ability
to protect its intellectual property rights

The future success of Schneider Electric depends to a significant
extent on the development and protection of patents, knowledge
and trademarks (« intellectual property rights »). Third parties may
also infringe its intellectual property rights, and the Group may
have to expend significant resources monitoring, protecting and
enforcing its rights. If we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, our competitive position could suffer, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the
unauthorized use of intellectual property rights remains difficult to
control, particularly in foreign countries whose laws do not always
effectively ensure the protection of these rights. They could be
counterfeited or used without the consent of Schneider Electric,
which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and
operating profit.

To mitigate this risk, the patents developed or purchased by the
Group are tracked by the Industrial Property team within the
Finance and Control - Legal Affairs Department. All intellectual
property queries are centralized and managed by this team for the
whole Group and in coordination with the other
Finance and Control - Legal Affairs Departments it ensures that the
Group’s interests are defended throughout the world. The same
approach and organization applies for the Group’s brands
portfolio.

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

Disputes

Following public offers launched in 1993 by SPEP (the holding
company of the Group at the time) for its Belgian subsidiaries
Cofibel and Cofimines, proceedings were initiated against former
Schneider Electric executives in connection with the former
Empain-Schneider Group’s management of its Belgian
subsidiaries, notably the Tramico sub-group. At the end of
March 2006, a criminal court in Brussels, Belgium, ruled that some
of the defendants were responsible for certain of the alleged
offenses and that some of the plaintiffs’ claims were admissible.
The plaintiffs claimed damages representing losses of
EURS.3 million stemming from alleged management decisions that
reduced the value of or undervalued assets presented in the
prospectus used in conjunction with the offering, as well as losses
of EUR4.9 million in relation to transactions carried out by PB
Finance, a company in which Cofibel and Cofimines then held
minority interests. In its ruling, the court also appointed an expert
to assess the loss suffered by those plaintiffs whose claims were
ruled admissible. The expert’s report was submitted in 2008. The
defendants and the companies held civilly liable contest the
amounts provided by the legal expert in their entirety on the basis
of such reports drawn up by Deloitte. Schneider Electric and its
Belgian subsidiaries Cofibel and Cofimines were held civilly liable
for the actions of their senior executives who were found liable.
Schneider Electric is paying the legal expenses not covered by the
insurance of the former executives involved. After a settlement
agreement was signed with a group of plaintiffs, the case now
remains pending before the Brussels Appeals Court, due to (i)
appeals against parts of the March 2006 ruling and (ii) a ruling
made in2011 by the Court of First Instance regarding the
admissibility of the plaintiffs’ claims.

In connection with the disposal of Spie Batignolles, Schneider
Electric booked provisions to cover the risks associated with
certain major contracts and projects. Most of the risks were closed
during 1997. Provisions were booked for the remaining risks,
based on management's best estimate of the potential financial
impact. One of the main issues concerns pending litigation in
France with SNCF before the administrative court.

New files implicating the Group for Spie Batignolles’ past activities
could still arise and result in costs associated with defending the
Group’s interests.

Schneider Electric and other companies in the high voltage sector
have been involved in legal proceedings with regard to an alleged
agreement initiated by the European Commission concerning gas
insulated switchgears (GIS). These procedures involve two former
Group subsidiaries operating in the high voltage segment that were
sold in 2001 and that are now part of the Siemens group.
Schneider Electric did not appeal the decision made by the
Commission with regard to this matter on January 24, 2007 and
was fined EUR8.1 million. The Group recovered two-thirds
reimbursement of the amount of this fine from its two former
subsidiaries in 2012 after multiple legal actions in application of the
decision by the Commercial Court of Grenoble. However, this
decision, although provisionally executed, is subject to an appeal
to the Court of Appeals of Grenoble. In addition, a final decision on

RISK FACTORS

the entire GIS issue was made on April 10, 2014, by the Court of
Justice of the European Union (CJEU), which specifies how the fine
paid by Schneider Electric could be divided between Schneider
Electric and its two former subsidiaries. In this context, a
settlement could be reached between Schneider Electric and its
two former subsidiaries in 2015.

In relation to the GIS disputes, on May 21, 2010, British company
Power networks (formerly EDF Energy UK) launched a claim
against the same companies, including Schneider Electric, for
damages of GBP15 million in the High Court in London, England.
This claim is currently being investigated and there were no
significant developments in 2014.

In addition, some Group entities worldwide, including Brazil and
Pakistan, are directly or indirectly cited in anti-trust proceedings
without, however, the proven or serious risk of conviction in this
regard having been identified to date.

Schneider Electric was also among 2,000 companies worldwide
hat were mentioned in the Volcker report on the Oil for Food
program published by the UN in October 2005. Schneider Electric
ndustries SAS was investigated by the French judiciary in 2010 in
relation to this report, which stated that the Group had entered into
agreements with the Iraqi government between 2000 and 2004
under which surcharge payments totaling approximately
USD450,000 are alleged to have been made to the Iraqi
government. In May 2013, in accordance with the indictment of the
Public Prosecutor's Department, the judge referred Schneider
Electric Industries SAS and 13 other French companies to the
criminal court, which should render its decision in 2015.

The discussions entered into with ERDF in 2013 regarding a
potential defect designated « soft button » (non-reset) affecting
connection breakers (DB90) produced between 1990 and 2010
led to a transaction that was signed in July 2014. This transaction
provides for the delivery to ERDF in 2017 of certain products,
whose cost has been provisioned.

Various other claims, administrative notices and legal proceedings
have been filed against the Group concerning such issues as
contractual demands, counterfeiting, risk of bodily harm linked to
asbestos in certain older products and work contracts.

Finally, note that in the context of recent acquisitions, of the
companies such as Electroshield and Invensys, Schneider Electric
could be exposed to new risks and have inherited litigation that
may have a significant financial impact in the coming years, but for
which, however, numerical estimates cannot be made at this point.

Although it is impossible to forecast the results and/or costs of
these proceedings with certainty, Schneider Electric considers that
they will not, by their nature, have significant effects on the Group’s
business, assets, financial position or profitability. The company is
not aware of any other governmental, court or arbitration
proceedings, which are pending or which threaten the company,
that are liable to have or, during the last 12 months have had, a
material effect on the financial position or profitability of the
company and/or the Group.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 41
1

42

OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP’S STRATEGY, MARKETS AND BUSINESSES

RISK FACTORS

Insurance policy

Schneider Electric’s general policy for managing insurable risks is
designed to defend the interests of employees and customers and
to protect the company’s assets, the environment and _ its
shareholders’ investment.

This strategy entails:
e identifying and analyzing the impact of the main risks;

@ preventing risks and protecting industrial equipment; definition of
protection standards for sites (including when those are
managed by third parties) against the risk of fire and malicious
intent, audits of the main sites by an independent loss
prevention company, roll-out of a self-assessment questionnaire
for the other Group sites;

e drawing up of business continuity plans, in particular for the
Group main sites and critical suppliers;

e roll-out of crisis management tools by the Group’s Security
Department;

e carrying out hazard and vulnerability studies and safety
management for people and equipment;

e implementing global insurance programs negotiated at the Group
evel for all subsidiaries with insurers meeting the criteria for
inancial position recognized by insurance and reinsurance players;
e optimization of financing for frequent, low amplitude risks
hrough retentions managed either directly (deductibles) or
hrough captive insurance companies.

Liability insurance

The insurance program established on January 1, 2012, for a
period of three years was pursued in 2014. This program deployed
on more than 70 countries provides coverage and limits in line with
the current size of the Group and its evolving risks and
commitments.

Certain specific risks, such as aeronautic, nuclear and
environmental risk, are covered by specific insurance programs.

Property damage and business interruption
insurance

The global insurance program put in place on July 1, 2012 was
renewed as of July 1, 2014 for a duration of two years. This is an
« all risks except » contract which covers events that could affect
Schneider Electric’s property (including fire, explosion, natural
disaster, machinery breakdown) as well as business interruption
resulting from those risks. The EUR350 million global limit of
indemnity has been increased for the largest sites. Certain
guarantees in particular, natural disasters and machinery
breakdown have lower insurance caps. These limits were
determined on the basis of available capacity on the market, loss

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

scenarios prepared by the prevention company that carries out the
audits of our industrial sites and, for earthquake risk, modelling
carried out by specialized companies.

Assets are insured at replacement value.

Shipping and transport insurance

The insurance program that covers all risks of loss or damage to
goods while in transit, including intragroup shipments was renewed
with the same insurer on January 1, 2014.

Erection all risk insurance

An erection all risk insurance program set up in 2011 to provide
cover for damages to work and equipment for projects taking
place at our clients’ premises, was renewed in April 2013 for two
years.

Other risks

In addition, Schneider Electric has taken out specific cover in
response to certain local conditions, regulations or the
requirements of certain risks, projects and businesses.

Self-insurance

To optimize costs, Schneider Electric self-insures certain frequent,
low-amplitude risks through two insurance captive companies:

@ a captive company based in Luxembourg provides property
damage reinsurance worldwide capped at EUR 5 million per
year and liability reinsurance outside USA and Canada capped
at EUR17 million per year;

e for the entities located in USA and Canada, an insurance captive
company based in Vermont (USA) is used to standardize
deductibles for civil liability, workers compensation and automobile
liability. These retentions range from USD1 million to USD5 million
per claim, depending on the risk. An actuary validates the
provisions recorded by the captive company each year.

The cost of self-insured claims is not material at the Group level.

Cost of insurance programs

The cost (including tax) of the Group’s main insurance plans,
excluding premium paid to captives, totaled around EUR25 million
in 2014.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

3

> 9. Internal control and risk

management

This section is included in the Chairman's report to the Board of directors

9.1. Definition and objectives of internal control and risk management

Definition and objectives
The Group’s internal control procedures are designed to ensure:

@ compliance with laws and regulations;

e application of instructions and guidelines issued by Senior
Management;

e the proper functioning of the company's internal processes,
notably as concerns asset preservation;

the reliability of financial reporting; and more generally, internal
control helps the Group manage its businesses, run efficient
operations and use its resources efficiently.

Internal control aims to prevent and manage risks related to the
Group’s business. These include accounting and financial risks,
the risk of fraud, as well as operating, financial and compliance
risks. However, no system of internal control is capable of
providing absolute assurance that these risks will be managed
completely.

Scope of this report

The system is designed to cover the Group, defined as the
Schneider Electric SE parent company and the subsidiaries over
which it exercises exclusive control.

Jointly controlled subsidiaries are subject to all of the controls
described below, with the exception of self-assessments of the
implementation of Key Internal Controls (see « Operating Units »
below).

Internal control reference documents

The Group’s internal control system complies with the legal
obligations applicable to companies listed on the Paris stock
exchange. It is consistent with the reference framework laid down
by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (French Financial Markets
Authority - AMF) on internal control and risk management.

The internal control process is a work in progress; procedures are
adapted to reflect changes in the AMF recommendations and the
business and regulatory environment, as well as in the Group’s
organization and operations.

Information used to prepare this report

This report was prepared using contributions from the Group’s
Internal Audit and Internal Control Departments, the Management
Control and Accounting Departments, as well as the various
participants in internal control. It was reviewed by the Audit
Committee.

9.2 Organization and management: Internal Control key participants

In 2014, the Group's organizational chart rests on Senior
Management for Global Functions and Operating Divisions; defined
in terms of businesses, geographical location, logistical or industrial
responsibility.

The Group’s corporate governance bodies supervise the
development of the internal control and risk management systems.
The Audit Committee has particular responsibility for monitoring
the system’s effectiveness (see committees of the board,
Chapter 3 Section 4).

Each manager is responsible for monitoring internal control in his
or her area, at the different levels of the organization, as are all key
internal control participants, in accordance with the tasks
described below.

Senior Management

Senior Management is responsible for designing and leading the
overall internal control system, with support from all key
participants, in particular the Group Internal Audit and _ Internal
Control Departments.

It also monitors the Group’s performance, during quarterly reviews
with the Operating Divisions and Global Functions. These quarterly

160 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

reviews cover business trends, action plans, current results and
forecasts for the quarters ahead.

Similar reviews are carried out at different levels of the Group prior
to Senior Management’s quarterly review.

Internal Audit Department

The Internal Audit Department reports to Senior Management. It
had an average headcount of 17 people in 2014. The internal
auditors are responsible for ensuring that, at the level of each unit:
e@ the identification and control of risks is performed;

e significant financial, management and operating information is
accurate and reliable;

@ compliance with laws and regulations and with the Group’s
policies, standards, procedures is ensured;

@ compliance with the instructions of the head of the Group is
ensured;

e acauisition of resources is carried out at a competitive cost, and
their protection is ensured;

@ correct integration and control of acquisitions is ensured.
Annual internal audit plans are drawn up based on risk and control
concerns identified by Senior Management, taking into account the
results of past audits, the work performed by the statutory auditors
and the results of internal control self-assessments returned by the
units. When necessary, the audit plan is adjusted during the year to
include special requests from Senior Management. The internal
audit process is described in the Section « Control procedures »
below.

After each internal audit, a report is issued setting out the auditors’
findings and recommendations for the units or function audited.
Measures are taken to monitor implementation of
recommendations and specific audits are conducted if necessary.

The audit reports and the implementation of its recommendations
are distributed to Senior Management and to the Audit Committee.

The statutory auditors also have access to the reports.

Internal Control Department

The Internal Control Department, which reports to the Internal
Audit Department, is responsible particularly for:

e defining and updating the list of Key Internal Controls in close
cooperation with the Global Functions and in line with the
recommendation of the AMF reference framework;

@ maintaining and leading a network:

— eleven business internal controllers in the Operating
Divisions and Business Units, with responsibility for ensuring
the appropriation and implementation of the Key Internal
Controls in the operating units within their scope — notably
through annual self-assessments. They follow
implementation by the units within their scope of the internal
control action plans defined following self-assessments or
internal control missions,

— 27 regional internal controllers to carry out training in the
units and on-site control of the accuracy’ of
self-assessments and the efficiency of the remediation plans
implemented as a_ result of the previous year’s
self-assessments, by the units coming within _ their
geographic scope. After each internal control mission, a
report is issued setting out findings and recommendations
for the attention of the persons in charge of the unit audited;

e analyzing and critically reviewing the results of these

self-assessments to identify areas that require an action plan a

the Group, Operating Division or Global Function level;

e leading the Internal Control Committee, comprising internal
controllers from the Operating and Regional Divisions, as well as
internal control correspondents from the Global Functions;

@ organizing and monitoring the roll-out of self-assessmen
campaigns, internal control missions and the implementation o'
set action plans following self-assessments or internal contro
missions.

The committee work to improve internal control and adap
procedures in light of the results of self-assessments and changes
in the business environment or organization.

Finance and Control - Legal Affairs Department

The Finance and Control - Legal Affairs Department is actively
involved in organizing control and ensuring compliance with
procedures.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

Within the department, the Management Control and Accounting
unit plays a key role in the internal control system by:

e drafting and updating instructions designed to ensure that
statutory and management accounting practices are consistent
throughout the Group and compliant with applicable regulations;

organizing period-end closing procedures;

analyzing performance and tracking the achievement of targets
assigned to the operating units.

The Management Control and Accounting unit is

responsible for:

e the proper application of Group accounting principles and
policies;

e the integrity of the consolidation system database;

e the quality of accounting and financial processes and data;

e training for finance staff by developing and leading specific
seminars on the function;

e drafting, updating and distributing the necessary documents for
producing quality information.

The unit drafts and updates:

e a glossary of terms used by the Management Control and
Accounting unit, including a definition of each term;

the chart of accounts for reporting;

a Group statutory and management accounting standards

manual, which includes details of debit/credit pairings;

e a Group reporting procedures manual and a system user's
guide;

e@ a manual describing the procedures to be followed to integrate
newly acquired businesses in the Group reporting process;

@ an intercompany reconciliation procedure manual;

e account closing schedules and instructions.

The Management Control and Accounting unit monitors the

reliability of data from the subsidiaries and conducts monthly

reviews of the various units’ primary operations and performance.

The Finance and Control - Legal Affairs Department oversees tax

and legal affairs, to provide comprehensive management of

these risks.

Within the Finance and Control — Legal Affairs Department, the

Finance and Treasury Department is responsible for:

e centralized management of cash and of all long-term Group
financing;

@ centralized management of currency risk and non-ferrous metals
risk;

e@ monitoring of Group trade account receivable risk and the
definition of the hedging policy to be implemented;

e the distribution of rules for financial risk management and the
security of incoming and outgoing payments;

e the annual review of financial structures - balance-sheet

changes and financial risks — facing the Group’s companies

during formal financial review meetings.

Procedures for managing financial risk are described in « Risk
Factors ».

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 161

3
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

Operating Divisions and operating units

The Operating Division management teams play a critical role in
effective internal control.

All Group units report to one of the Operating Divisions, which are
headed by an Executive Vice-President, supported by a Chief
financial officer.

The Executive Vice-Presidents of the Operating Divisions sit on the
Executive Committee, which is chaired by the Chairman and CEO
of the Group.

Within each division, the management team organizes control of
operations, ensures that appropriate strategies are deployed to
achieve objectives, and tracks unit performance.

A Management Committee led by the corporate Management
Control and Accounting unit reviews the operations of the
Operating Divisions on a monthly basis.

The Operating Divisions have teams of business internal controllers
who promote Key Internal Controls in the units within their scope
and analyze the quality of the internal control self-assessments
(including ratings and action plans) returned by the units.

They detect internal control issues that require action plans in
some or all of the units within their scope. They also identify units
that need specific assistance and either implement or oversee the
implementation of the appropriate support.

They carry out monitoring of the remediation plans drawn up at the
time of the self-assessments and control assignments on site.

Lastly, the internal control teams offer suggestions for enhancing
and updating the Key Internal Controls.

Global Functions (Human Resources,
Purchasing, Manufacturing, Supply Chain,
Information Systems, etc.)

In addition to specific processes or bodies such as the Group
Acquisitions Committee (see « Risk Factors — Acquisitions ») for
making and implementing strategic decisions and centralization of
certain functions within the Finance and Control - Legal Affairs
Department (see above), Schneider Electric centralizes certain
matters through dedicated Global Functions thus combining
decision-making and risk management at the corporate level.

An Innovation and Technology Council meets 11 times per year to
ensure cross-functional coordination among the Global Function
for innovation and new products.

The Human Resources Department is responsible for deploying
and ensuring the application of procedures concerning employee
development, occupational health and work safety.

The Purchasing Department is responsible for establishing
guidelines concerning purchasing organization and procedures;
relationships between buyers and vendors; and procedures
governing product quality, the level of service, and compliance with
environmental standards and Group codes of conduct.

Global Functions also issue, adapt and distribute policies, target
procedures and instructions to units and individuals assigned to
handle their specific duties.

Global Functions have internal control correspondents who work
with the Internal Control Department to establish and update the
Key Internal Controls deployed across the Group.

9.3 Distributing information: benchmarks and guidelines

The main internal control benchmarks are available to all
employees, including on the Group’s Intranet. Global Functions
send updates of these Reference Documents to the appropriate
units and individuals through their networks of correspondents.

In some cases, dedicated e-mails are sent out or messages are
posted on the Intranet portal to inform users about publications or
updates.

Whenever _ possible,
managerial/functional
and guidelines.

the distribution network leverages the
organization to distribute standards

Principles of Responsibility
See chapter Crfyjaq $ Pceqnmlay” ggrw, page 62.

162 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Insider code of ethics

This code sets out the rules to be followed by management and
employees to prevent insider trading. It imposes an obligation of
confidentiality on all employees who have access to confidential
information. It also sets permanent restrictions on purchases and
sales of Schneider Electric SE shares by persons who have access
to price-sensitive information in the course of their work (see
« Organizational and operating procedures of the board of
directors », Chapter 3 Section 2). Such persons are prohibited
from trading the Company’s shares at any time if they are in
possession of price sensitive information and during specified
periods prior to (and until the day of) release of the Group’s
financial statements and quarterly information on sales.
International internal auditing standards

The Internal Audit Department is committed to complying with the
international standards published by the Institute of Internal
Auditors (IIA) and other bodies.

International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS)

The consolidated financial statements for all fiscal years
commencing on and after January 1, 2005 have been prepared in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS), in compliance with European Union — regulation
no. 1606/2002.

The Group applies IFRS standards as adopted by the European
Union as of December 31, 2014.

The Group’s accounting principles reflect the underlying
assumptions and qualitative characteristics identified in the
IFRS accounting framework: accrual accounting, business
continuity, true and fair view, rule of substance over form,
neutrality, completeness, comparability, relevance and intelligibility.

The Group statutory and management accounting standards
manual explains how IFRS principles are applied within the Group,
taking into account the specific characteristics of the Group’s
activities.

The application of Group accounting principles and methods is
mandatory for all Group units, for management reporting and
statutory consolidation.

The Group statutory and management accounting standards
manual and the IFRS principles are available on the Intranet.

Commitment limits and authorizations

Under current management practice, the Group has set
commitment limits for Senior Management of Group companies
and delegation and sub-delegation of powers within each
company that makes up the Group.

As a result, product or service purchase and sale contracts may
only be signed by, or with the authorization of, operations
managers who have ad hoc authorizations granted by their
managers.

Within this framework, business segment executives have the
power to authorize the signature of product or service, purchase or

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

sale contracts covering up to EUR10 million. They may also
delegate to their employees powers to authorize smaller amounts
as they consider appropriate.

In addition, all transactions which by their size or nature could
affect the Group’s fundamental interests, must be authorized in
advance by the board of directors: decisions relating to the
acquisition or disposal of holdings or assets for amounts greater
than two hundred fifty million euro, to strategic partnerships, and to
off-balance sheet commitments.

Statutory and management reporting principles

An integrated reporting and consolidation system applicable to all
Group companies and their management units has been in place
since January 1, 2006. Statutory and management reporting
principles and support tools are available on the Group Intranet.

The subsidiaries record their transactions in accordance with
Group standards. Data are then adjusted, where necessary, to
produce the local statutory and tax accounts.

The reporting system includes consistency controls, a comparison
of the opening and closing balance sheets and items required to
analyze management results.

Key Internal Controls

A list of Key Internal Controls was drawn up in 2008 and is
expanded annually. Its 114 items cover:

e the control environment (including the Principles of
Responsibility, chart of authority, segregation of duties, business
continuity plans and retention of records);

@ operating processes (purchases, sales, logistics, etc.);
@ accounting and financial cycles;
e Human Resources, Information Systems, Legal and Tax cycles.

The Key Internal Controls are available to all units on the Group
Intranet and shared depository, along with appendices with more
detailed information, links to policy descriptions on the Functions’
Intranets, an explanation of the risks covered by each Key Internal
Control and a self-assessment guide.

For each cycle, the Key Internal Controls cover compliance,
reliability, risk prevention and management and_ process
performance. The operating units fill out self-assessment
questionnaires concerning the Key Internal Controls.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 63

3
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

3

9.4 Risk identification and management

General risks at the Group level

The Internal Audit Department uses interviews to update the list of
general risks at the Group level each year. In 2014, 48 of the
Group’s top managers were interviewed.

The risks identified through these interviews are ranked by impact,
probability of occurrence and level of mitigation. The
threat/opportunity aspect of each risk is also taken into account.

Risk factors related to the company’s business, as well as
procedures for managing and reducing those risks, are described
in « Risk Factors. » These procedures are an integral part of the
internal control system.

The risk matrix and the analysis of changes from one year to the
next contribute to the development of an internal audit plan for the
following year. The major and global risks were audited by the
Internal Audit Department over a period of three years to assess
action plans for managing and reducing these risks. In 2014, a
third of the major and global risks identified at the end of 2013
were audited.

Local risks related to the company’s business at
the unit level

Local risks related to the company’s business are managed first
and foremost by the units in liaison with the Operating Divisions,
based on Group guidelines (in particular via the Key Internal
Controls). Each subsidiary is responsible for implementing
procedures that provide an adequate level of internal control.

The divisions implement cross-functional action plans for risk
factors related to the company’s business identified as being
recurrent in the units or as having a material impact at the Group
level, as appropriate. The internal control system is adjusted to
account for these risks.

The Group’s insurance programs cover the remaining portion of
transferable risks.

Risks related to Solutions

The Solutions Risk Management Department defines and
implements principles and tools designed to manage these risks.

The network of Solution Risk Managers assesses the risks of all
major projects in conjunction with the Tender Managers during the
preparation of offers.

Risk management by the Risk and Insurance
Department

The Risk and Insurance Department contributes to the internal
control system by defining and deploying a Group-wide insurance
strategy, as defined in « Risk Factors and Insurance Strategy. »
The insurance strategy includes the identification and quantification
of the main insurable risks, the determination of levels of retention

164 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

and transfer of such risks; it also prepares and deploys measures
to prevent these risks and protect assets.

Risk management by the Security Department

The Group’s Security Department defines corporate governance
with regard to loss prevention in the area of willful acts against
property and people.

In this respect and in close cooperation with the Risk and
Insurance Department, it is directly involved in assessing the nature
of such risk as well as defining adequate prevention and protection
measures.

The Security Department publishes internally a table of « Country
Risks » for use in security procedures that are mandatory for
people travelling, expatriates and local employees. On request, it
provides support to local teams for any security issues (site audit,
expatriates or local employee security, security on
assignments, etc.).

It provides daily coordination with the Group’s worldwide partner in
the field of medical and security assistance (International SOS -
start of contract in January 2011).

it brings its methodology to develop emergency plans (evacuation
plans, crisis management plans, business continuity plans, etc.)
and coordinates the corporate crisis team (SEECC - Schneider
Electric Emergency Coordination Center) each time that it is
activated.

The Security Department is integrated in the « Fraud Committee »
alongside the Internal Audit Department and the Legal Department
and is directly involved in combatting internal fraud (managing and
carrying out internal investigations). The Security Department
created a new entity responsible for investigations (internal and
external fraud) within the Security Department itself and in charge
to support internal investigators as well as to define methodology &
procedures to conduct investigations properly (according to the
Law and to be efficient in gathering evidences).

The Security Function also participates in crisis management, in
particular in the management of corporate crisis cell and in support
of local entities (limiting the consequences of the occurrence of
certain risks such as civil war, weather events, pandemics, attacks
on people, terrorism, etc.).

Management of Information Systems risks

A Global IT Security Department inside Information, Process and
Organization Department (IPO) defines and implements specific
security policies for information systems, ensuring basic computer
hygiene, confidentiality, integrity, availability and accountability of all
our information and technology assets. This department identifies
critical processes and information to capture, secure and prioritize
them. Their members have proved and certified security technical
skills and they perform regularly audits. After each audit, a report is
issued setting out findings and recommendations. All corrective
actions are monitored.
9.5 Control procedures

In addition to the general missions already described, this section
describes specific measures taken in 2014 to improve the Group’s
control system.

Operating units

For internal control to be effective, everyone involved must
understand and continuously implement the Group’s general
guidelines and the Key Internal Controls.

Training in Key Internal Controls continued in 2014 for those
involved for the first time in the annual self-assessment process:
newly promoted managers and units recently integrated.
Operational units, undertook self-assessment of compliance with
the Key Internal Controls governing their scope of operations.

4

he self-assessments conducted during the 2014 campaign
overed more than 90% of consolidated sales and made it
ossible to define improvement plans in the operating units, when
iecessary. The ultimate goal is that these evaluations should cover
least 90% of consolidated sales each year.

QO

=e}

| covered entities assessed in great detail the Key Internal
‘ontrols on process within their scope of operations.

o> 2

4

he self-assessments are conducted in the units by each process
owner. Practices corresponding to the Key Internal Controls are
described and performance is rated on a scale of 1
(non-compliance) to 4 (very good).

For each Internal Control Key assessed at below level 3
(compliance) on the scale, an action plan is defined and
implemented to achieve compliance. These action plans are listed
in the self-assessment report.

The unit’s financial manager conducts a critical review of the
self-assessments by process, and certifies the quality of the overall
results. The self-evaluation is then also certified by the person in
charge of the unit.

The regional internal controllers carried out controls on site to
assess the reliability of self-assessments and the efficiency of the
remediation plans put in place as a result of the previous
self-assessment.

Global Functions

In 2014, the Global Functions continued to set guidelines, issue
instructions and provide support.

For example:

e in 2014, with regard to Our Principles of Responsibility, a
specific support has been brought to the entities which had a
low score in the 2013 Key Internal Controls dealing with Our
Principles of Responsibility. These actions have consisted in
meeting with the entities top managers, providing in-site
trainings to managers and employees and insisting again on the
values and principles of the company;

ein 2014, The Global IT Security (GIS)
successfully:

Department has

— managed the major global vulnerabilities such us heartbleed
and shellshock,

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

— detected and prevented hundreds of real time attacks,
— eradicated and Quarantined thousand of viruses detected;

e@ in 2014, the Global IT Security (GIS) Department has significantly
improved the end point Ex-Com members with the rollout of a
HIDS (Host based Intrusion Detection System). Host based
Intrusion Detection System, is a system to detect intruders that
are, unexpected, unwanted or unauthorized people or programs
on a computer;

e during 2014, a new IT Security Strategy has been defined to
address the new high priority risks and cyber threats identified.
This strategy has been presented to Ex-Com members during a
Cyber War Game (simulation of multi-stage cyber-attack). This
strategy contains important programs like Data Security, Identity
& Access Management, Security Incident Response and
Simulations, End-Point Security, Awareness and Training;

e for solutions risk management, a simplified template for the
assessment of smaller projects was created and included in the
approval workflow tool;

the Security Department issued a new directive regarding the
«multiple travelers on the same flight» risk and deployed
Schneider Electric travel security procedures within Invensys
(new acquisition).

Internal Control Department

nternal Control continued to deploy the Key Internal Controls
—training and requests for self-assessments — throughout the
Operating Divisions, with the scope extended to cover new units.

New deficiencies were identified owing to additional Key Internal
Controls, which gave rise to further action plans.

nternal Control self-assessments were received and analyzed,
which identified areas needing work in 2015 as part of the process
of continuous improvement.

n addition to the analysis and action plans initiated by the Units
and Operating Divisions, similar work is being carried out in the
Global Functions. On the basis of the results obtained in their field,
he various functions define and implement improvement actions
as needed.

The list of Key Internal Controls continues to evolve.

The software package for the management of self-assessment
questionnaires and follow-up action plans of Internal Audit and
Internal Control introduced in 2011 continues to be improved.

The regional internal control organization introduced in 2011
consists of 25 regional internal controllers in five regions, who:

e perform the duties defined under the section « Organization and
management: key participants of internal control — Internal
Control Department » for the units in their regional scope,
covering all Operational Departments;

e establish standardized procedures (e.g., for internal control
assignments, such as control cycles, documentation, scope
definition, work programs etc.);

@ completed more than 80 on-site inspection missions in 2014 to
assess the level of internal control and the adequacy of action
plans, issuing the necessary recommendations when needed.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

165

3
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

3

Internal Audit Department
The Internal Audit Department contributes to
strengthening the internal control system by:

@ mapping general risks;

e verifying the effective application of Key Inte’
audit assignments;

e reviewing the audited unit’s internal contro!
related action plans.

The audit assignments go beyond the Key

INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

the analysis and to

rnal Controls during

self-assessment and

ernal Controls, and

n
include an in-depth review of processes and their effectiveness.

Internal Audit also reviews newly acquired units
of integration into the Group, the level of in
effectiveness of operational processes, as wel

to assess their level

ernal control and the

as ensuring Group

rules and guidelines are properly applied, and more generally

compliance with the law.

A summary overview of the department’s audi
to identify any emerging or recurring risks thi

's makes it possible
at require new risk

management tools and methodologies or adjustments to existing

resources.

In 2014, Internal Audit performed 27 audits, inc!

e audits of units;

uding:

audits of a number of risks or operating processes;

e
@ post-acquisition audits for newly acquired companies;
e

analyses of internal control self-assessments by the audited

units;

follow-up audits to ensure recommendations

assistance assignments.

Responsibility and Ethics Committ

are applied;

ee

The committee on Ethics and Responsibility steers action in

relation to the Principles of Responsibility,

updates them and

validates changes. The 2014 Key Internal Controls campaign
results have been presented to the Responsibility & Ethics
Committee and have shown a significant improvement in the
number of entities complying with our minimum requirements (see
chapter Ethics & Responsibility, page 62).

The committee also establishes a framework for actions to be

t

inves

aken on three components of the program: prevention,

igation and control.

Fraud Committee

tl

fo}

are reported to the Fraud Committee.

The Fraud Committee defines the policy against fraud and the

process of reporting and treating fraud and suspected fraud,
including changes in procedures or practices to avoid recurrence.

The limited Fraud Committee is composed of the Group General
Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer, head of Global Security and

he head of Internal Audit & Internal Controls; it meets on a monthly

basis as well as on ad-hoc basis.

deals with cases of fraud, corruption, conflict of interest, breach
procedure, theft and related matters. All reported cases of fraud

tl

The Fraud Commi
either locally by the Compliance O
of the Fraud Committee depending on the seriousness of the
incident and the
Fraud Committee

tee decides on investigations that are managed
icer, or centrally by a member

level of management potentially involved. The
ensures the implementation of the action plan,
he appropriate sanction as well as feedback for each proven case

of fraud. A report is written and updated regularly for this purpose.
The Fraud Commi

tee presents an annual summary report to the

Audit Committee.

9.6 Internal control procedures governing the production and processing of
consolidated and individual company accounting and financial information

In addition to:
e its regulatory tasks;

e its responsibility for overseeing the close of accounts across the

Group;

e its audits of the Group's results with respect to set targets (see
« Internal Control Organization and Management: Finance and

Control — Legal Affairs Department »).
The Management Control and Accounting unit is tasked with
overseeing:
e the quality of reporting packages submitted monthly by
subsidiaries;

e the results of programmed procedures;
e@ the integrity of

In addition, the
that:

@ given tha

he consolidation system database.
janagement Control and Accounting unit ensures

the Group consolidated financial statements are

finalized a few weeks after the annual and half-year balance
sheet date, subsidiaries perform a hard close at May 31, and

166 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

November 30, of each year so that most closing adjustments for
he period can be calculated in advance;

e the scope of consolidation as well as the Group’s interest and

e the Management

he type of control (exclusive control, joint control, significant
influence, etc.) in each subsidiary, from which the consolidation
method results are determined in cooperation with the Legal
Affairs Department;

Control and Accounting unit issues
instructions to the units on the closing process, including
reporting deadlines, required data and any _ necessary
adjustments;

e the Group's consolidated financial statements are analyzed in

detail, to understand and check the main contributions by
subsidiaries, as well as the type of transactions recorded;

@ accounting classifications are verified;

e the preparation and approval of the statement of changes in

equity and the cash flow statement are the key control points.

The internal controls used to confirm the existence, completeness
and value of assets and liabilities are based on:
e each subsidiary’s responsibility for implementing procedures
providing an adequate level of internal control;

e defining levels of responsibility for authorizing and checking
transactions;

e segregating tasks to help ensure that all transactions are
justified;

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

e the integration of statutory and management reporting systems
developed to guarantee the completeness of transaction data
recorded in the accounts;

e all of the subsidiaries apply IFRS with regard to recognition
principles, measurement and accounting methods, impairment
and verification;

e the checks and analyses as described above performed by the
Management Control and Accounting unit.

9.7 Report of the statutory auditors on the internal control procedure

This is a free translation into English of a report issued in French
and it is provided solely for the convenience of English speaking
users. This report should be read in conjunction with and
construed in accordance with, French law and professional
standards applicable in France.

Statutory Auditors' Report, prepared in
accordance with article L. 225-235 of French
Commercial Code (Code de commerce), on the
report prepared by the Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Schneider Electric S.E.

To the Shareholders,

In our capacity as statutory auditors of Schneider Electric S.E. and
in accordance with article L. 225-235 of the French Commercial
Code (Code de commerce), we hereby report on the report
prepared by the Chairman of your company in accordance with
article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code (Code de
commerce) for the year ended December 31, 2014.

It is the Chairman's responsibility to prepare and submit for the
Board of Directors' approval a report on the internal control and
risk management procedures implemented by the company and to
provide the other information required by article L. 225-37 of the
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to matters
such as corporate governance.

Our role is to:

@ report on any matters as to the information contained in the
Chairman's report in respect of the internal control and risk
management procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of the accounting and financial information,

e confirm that the report also includes the other information
required by article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code
(Code de commerce). It should be noted that our role is not to
verify the fairness of this other information.

We conducted our work in accordance with professional standards
applicable in France.

Information on the internal control and risk
management procedures relating to the preparation
and processing of accounting and financial
information

The professional standards require that we perform the necessary
procedures to assess the fairness of the information provided in
the Chairman's report in respect of the internal control and risk
management procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of the accounting and financial information. These
procedures consist mainly in:

@ obtaining an understanding of the internal control and risk
management procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of the accounting and financial information on which
the information presented in the Chairman's report is based and
of the existing documentation;

e obtaining an understanding of the work involved in the
preparation of this information and of the existing
documentation;

e determining if any material weaknesses in the internal control
procedures relating to the preparation and processing of the
accounting and financial information that we would have noted
in the course of our work are properly disclosed in the
Chairman's report.

On the basis of our work, we have no matters to report on the
information relating to the company's internal control and risk
management procedures relating to the preparation and
processing of the accounting and financial information contained in
the report prepared by the Chairman of the Board of Directors in
accordance with article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code
(code de commerce).

Other information

We confirm that the report prepared by the Chairman of the Board
of Directors also contains the other information required by article
L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code (code de commerce).

Courbevoie and Paris-La Défense, March 18, 2015
The statutory auditors
French original signed by

MAZARS
David Chaudat

ERNST & YOUNG et Autres
Yvon Salatin

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 67

3
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
APPLICATION OF THE AFEP/MEDEF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES

> 10. Application of the AFEP/MEDEF
corporate governance guidelines

This sections is part of the Chairman of the board of directors' report.

Schneider Electric voluntarily refers to the AFEP/MEDEF corporate governance guidelines. However, as some of these guidelines may not
correspond to Schneider Electric’s specific situation, the Company has chosen not to implement the following recommendations:

3FDPNNFOEBUJPO 4DIOF BEM 5 OG BIDUJDF

Non-compete agreement The non-competition agreement of corporate officers provides that
The non-compete agreement must include a provision authorizing Mutual agreement is necessary to repeal the non-compete

the board to waive its implementation upon the departure of the ‘@quirement only in the case of voluntary resignation and subject to
member of Senior Management. The board decides on the the condition that the performance conditions are met and that the
application of the agreement at the time of departure of the senior Senior manager does not or will not have rights to or is not or will
manager, particularly when he leaves the company to assert or not be in a position to accumulate the non-compete indemnity with
after having asserted his rights on retirement. the payment of a pension.

This exception to the AFEP/MEDEF recommendation is justified by
the fact that it is in the interest of the company to put forward the
rule according to which the board will call the non-compete clause
into play. It appears that this rule may help prevent poaching
attempts by competitors or to prevent a person who wants to
resign from directing his or her employment search towards
competitors of Schneider Electric.

Stock options and performance shares Given the significant fluctuations in the market price of Schneider

‘ : Electric stock and to prevent a windfall effect, the board continues
The valuation of options and performance shares allocated must 2 ror caren
not depart from previous business practices. to apply the old AFEP/MEDEF recommendations in its decisions; in

other words, its reasoning is based on the number of shares and
not on their value. However, the board reserves the possibility to
carry out a calculation of consistency in value for a certain length of
time.

168 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC
BUSINESS REVIEW
TRENDS IN SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S CORE MARKETS

> 1. Trends in Schneider Electric’s

core markets

Industries and machine manufacturers

Industrial markets growth remained modest with varied positions
among major regional blocks.

In Western Europe market grew at a low pace. Fiscal austerity,
Russia-Ukraine conflict as well as fears of deflation impacted
European economy. France and Italy industry markets decreased
while activity expanded at low pace in Germany.

In the US, industrial production fell in the first quarter, due to a
combination of low exports to China, inventory adjustment and
unfavorable weather. Nonetheless, during second quarter, the
growth of Industry markets, mainly driven by investment in
equipment and production of machines, improved significantly. The
growth then moderated during second half, impacted by strong
dollar and by the decrease of oil and gas investments.

Non residential and residential buildings

Non residential buildings

n the US, non residential construction as a whole grew at a slow
pace. The fastest growing segments were manufacturing buildings
(thanks to chemical sector), followed by office and commercial.
nstitutional buildings segments recorded a decrease, as a result of
iscal pressure and government spending cuts.

n Western Europe, non residential construction improved
marginally in 2014. Manufacturing, office and commercial buildings
recovered at a very slow pace, hampered by oversupply and weak
domestic demand. Education and healthcare segments suffered
rom public-sector austerity. Non residential market decreased in
Southern Countries (Spain, Italy, and France). Positive framework
conditions prevailed in the UK and in German markets.

n China, non residential market slightly declined. Main reasons are
office oversupply and weak economic outlooks. Non residential
market dropped during the first half of the year and partly
recovered during the second half. Non residential buildings stayed
more resilient than residential market.

In Australia, non residential market grew at a moderate pace,
increase in office and health buildings more than offset the fall
recorded by commercial and industrial buildings.

Saudi Arabia’s market returned to growth, thanks to government
investment focused on developing new cities.

1 70 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

In China, industrial production and manufacturing investment have
slowed markedly, depressed by the deterioration in domestic
demand and liquidity issues. Moreover, the deterioration of
construction activity weighted on investment and had an
increasingly negative impact on industries including metals, mining,
construction materials and machinery. It also exacerbated over
capacity in heavy industry.

In Japan, industrial markets were highly impacted by April’s VAT
hike and recorded a decline. Nevertheless, markets recovered
marginally at the end of the year, thanks to a rise in real exports
and fall of energy prices.

Australian's industry market decreased, hampered by Capex
contraction in the Mining sector and slowdown in China.

Residential

In the US, residential market growth slowed down in 2014,
affected by difficult lending conditions.

In Western Europe, residential market was flat with varied trends
across countries. Southern countries (Spain, Italy and France),
Norway and Finland, reported a decline. German markets
increased gently, while Great Britain and Sweden surged.

China’s property sector has reached a structural turning point
marked by oversupply and lower demand for property. As a
consequence, housing starts dropped sharply, notably in small and
medium size cities (Tiers 2 and 3) despite measures to boost
demand (relaxation of mortgage lending rules and rates).

In Australia, the market returned to growth after a recession in
2012 and stagnation in 2013 due to a combination of low interest
rates and incentives to buy that stimulated demand for housing.

In other new economies, residential markets continued to grow in
2014, notably in Asian new economies and Africa. On the contrary,
the residential market has slowed dramatically in Brazil, Argentina
and South Africa, hit by gloomy economic situation and tight
monetary policy.
Utilities and Infrastructures

Electrical Utilities

In Western Europe, the market declined further in 2014 due to
weak demand, especially in southern countries. In mature
countries, over-capacities in base generation are caused by energy
efficiency and renewable energy growth.

In the USA, the market expanded modestly.

In new economies, markets were impacted by financial crisis and
political elections.

The growth, specifically in solar and wind, faster in emerging
economies, was fuelled by regulation, dropping costs and the
support of governments and populations.

Looking for diversifying their revenues beyond sales of electricity,
and with their customer base as an asset, utilities explore new
services. Be it multi-utility, energy efficiency, home and life
services, or enabling demand response to play in power markets,
they can be leveraged with smart grid technologies to improve
generation, grid operations and improve overall system efficiency.

To the network operators’ attention to quality of supply was added
more pressure on electricity prices. This led to careful control of
network reinforcement and extension investments as well as to
extracting more value from past investment in the grid.

While global smart grid investment remained steady, some utilities
re-shuffled their priorities to manage urgencies such as
ever-growing renewable penetration or revenue protection.

BUSINESS REVIEW
TRENDS IN SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S CORE MARKETS

Oil and Gas

The Oil &Gas markets have seen an end of an era in 2014.

The spending levels, in particular in Exploration, have seen a
significant inflation, with Field Service Operators leading the
charge.

The industry has moved to bigger and bigger projects, now often
in the 10+B$ range. Most of these projects have been finalized
over cost and past delay.

The first to react were the International Oil Companies, who had
decided end 2013 or early 2014 to limit their Capex spending, as
they were challenged to demonstrate the profitability of their
investment.

Another key evolution in 2014 was the development of
unconventional oil productions in North America. This development
was led by many small independent companies, which
accumulated debts to generate rapid growth. It has led to an
oversupply of oil on the global market by mid 2014.

joreover, Saudi Arabia decided not to intervene in the market by
regulating supply, despite the drop in oil prices.

n the fourth quarter, most of major oil companies announced
drastic reduction in investment plans, especially in the upstream.

These spending cuts will affect Schneider only partially, as the
company is not positioned in exploration, and has limited exposure
© production. Schneider Electric has developed its presence in
midstream and downstream in the recent years, thanks to the
Telvent and Invensys acquisitions.

Furthermore, a substantial share of company revenues is related to
Opex spending in activities that should be less affected by major
budget cuts (such as field and consulting services, process
optimization software).

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDERELECTRIC 1/1

4
BUSINESS REVIEW
TRENDS IN SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC’S CORE MARKETS

Data centers and Networks

In 2014, the Global IT markets (Information Technologies) remained
stagnant, with IT buyers taking a gradual approach to new projects
and initiatives. An improving US economy provided a boost to IT
spending in the second half of the year, but was offset by
geopolitical headwinds: tensions between Russia and the West,
slower growth in emerging economies, war in the Middle East, and
weak economic environments in the Euro zone and Japan.

Fast growing IT solutions around Cloud and Mobile continued to
disrupt IT markets, along with tentative recovery in X86 server
shipments and early indications of a stabilizing data center
infrastructure investment cycle.

Our transactional single phase market experienced strong growth
in Asia in the second half of the year, and higher demand in
Western Europe. Growth in these markets helped to offset
significant impacts of distributor destocking in Russia, amidst a

172 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

very difficult situation with sanctions on the Russian economy,
lower energy prices and the rapid fall of the Ruble.

Gradual improvement of data center markets in North America and
Western Europe was offset by softer trends in Russia, Asia and
Latin America.

The migration to the Cloud and growth in hyper scale Data Centers
accelerated, needing new customer engagement models as well
as faster adaptation of our offer to leverage the full Schneider
Electric portfolio of solutions. IT reinforced its position in the fast
growing modular data center market with the integration of AST
Modular.

Secure power industrial markets achieved steady growth along
with improved outlook for infrastructure investments in power
generation, chemical production, and semiconductor fabrication.

BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

> 2. Review of the consolidated
financial statements

Review of business and consolidated statement of income

Changes in the scope of consolidation

Acquisitions

On January 17, 2014, the Group completed its acquisition of
Invensys plc, a global automation player with a large installed base
and a strong software presence. The transaction has been
remunerated through the issuance of 17,207,427 new Schneider
Electric shares on January 20, 2014 and the payment of
GBP2.5 billion on January 30, 2014.

On February 5, 2014, Schneider Electric signed an agreement for
the sale of the Invensys Appliance division because the unit is not a
core business to Schneider Electric. The consideration for the
transaction is GBP150 million and the agreement was completed
on June 18, 2014.

Invensys is fully consolidated in 2014 mainly in the segment
Industry, except its Appliance division reported as discontinued
operations.

Acquisitions and disposals that took place in 2013
and that had an impact on the 2014 financial
statements”

Electroshield TM - Samara Group has been acquired in 2013 and
consolidated from April 2013. Its consolidation over the full year in
2014 had an impact on the scope of consolidation compared with
2013.

Discontinued operations

On February 5, 2014, Schneider Electric announced that it has
signed an agreement for the sale of the Invensys Appliance
division, because this unit is not a core business to Schneider
Electric. The consideration for the transaction is GBP150 million
and the agreement was completed on June 18, 2014. The
Invensys Appliance division is reported as discontinued operations

in the Group consolidated financial statements for the full year
2014.

On October 1, 2014 the Group has obtained all required regulatory
approvals and subsequently finalized the sale of Custom Sensors &
Technologies (CST) to The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ:CG), and PAI
partners SAS, based on an enterprise value of USD900m
(approximately EUR650m). As part of the transaction, the Group
has reinvested approximately USD100 million alongside Carlyle,
PAI and CST management to own a shareholding of 30% of CST.
CST was reported in the Industry business of Schneider Electric.
The CST activity was reclassified as discontinued operations in
Group financial statements on full year 2014 (for EUR24 million net
income) and on full year 2013 (for EUR443 million of revenues,
EUR83 million of profit before tax and EUR22 million of income tax
expense thus a net income of EUR61 millions).

Changes in foreign exchange rates

Changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the euro had a
material impact over the year. This negative effect amounts to
EURS43 million on consolidated revenue and to EUR166 million on
Adjusted EBITA".

Revenue

On December 31, 2014, the consolidated revenue of Schneider
Electric totaled EUR24,939 million, an increase of 6.6% at current
scope and exchange rates compared to EUR23,392 million on
December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1
of the consolidated financial statements).

This variance breaks down into an organic increase of 1.4%, a
contribution of acquisitions net of disposals of 7.6%, mainly due to
Invensys acquisition (EUR1,713 million), and a negative exchange
rate effect of 2.4%.

Changes in revenue by operating segment

The 2013 figures were restated from discontinued operations and
change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1. of
Consolidated financial statements.

The Buildings & Partner business generated revenues of
EUR10,754 million, or 43% of the consolidated total. This
represents an increase of +3.9% on a reported basis and an
increase of +3.5% on a like-for-like basis.

All regions posted growth. Western Europe was supported by
Germany, Spain and the Nordics. The US benefited from
continued investment in residential construction and data center
markets, while non-residential construction saw a slow recovery.
China grew over the year despite slowdown in the second half
thanks to focused execution and mid market offers. Australia
benefited from slight improvements in residential construction. The
Rest of the World was solid, driven by infrastructure projects in the
Middle East. Russia was resilient over the year and saw an

* Correspond to the dates on which the Group gained control of the acquired companies.
(1) Adjusted EBITA is EBITA before restructuring costs and before other operating income and expenses, which includes acquisition, integration and

separation costs.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

173

4
BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

increase towards year-end due to inventory build-up from
customers anticipating further currency depreciation.

The Industry business generated revenues of EUR5,551 million,
or 22% of the consolidated total. This represents an increase of
+43.5% on a reported basis and an increase of +4.3% ona
like-for-like basis. The business posted growth across regions,
driven by strong installed base services and solid OEM demand.
Growth in Western Europe was driven by export-oriented OEMs.
North America benefited over the year from oil & gas investment
and a solid OEM market, but observed a slowdown at the end of
the year. In Asia-Pacific, South East Asia was robust, China
declined in the second half of the year and mining remained weak
in Australia. The Rest of the World was strong.

The Infrastructure business generated revenues of
EUR5,277 million, or 21% of the consolidated total. This
represents a decrease of -7.8% on a reported basis and a
decrease of -4.4% on a like-for-like basis. The decline was mainly
due to the persistently weak utility market in Western Europe.

Gross profit

Gross profit increased from EUR8,763 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1
of the consolidated financial statements) to EUR9,407 million for
the year ended December 31, 2014, or +7.3%, mainly due to
Invensys acquisition from January 2014 (+8.5%) and an increase in

However the business started to improve towards the end of the
year. North America was strong in the year thanks to data center
and oil & gas investment. Asia-Pacific saw mixed trends, with
growth in oil & gas projects in Australia while China and South-East
Asia were slightly down. The Rest of the World was impacted by
Africa and South America. Services grew double digit.

The IT business generated revenues of EUR3,357 million, or 14%
of the consolidated total. This represents a decrease of -2.5% ona
reported basis and an increase of +1.1% on a like-for-like basis.
Western Europe drove growth thanks to IT investment and
commercial success. In North America, investment in large and
extra-large data centers benefited the total Group’s business,
including low and medium voltage offer. The region saw an
improvement in demand for small to medium sized data centers at
year-end. Asia-Pacific saw slight growth. Demand in Russia
declined and the business was penalized by distributor destocking
over the year. Services continued to perform well.

productivity, partially offset by unfavorable effect of foreign
exchange. AS a percentage of revenues, the gross margin
increased to 37.7% in 2014 (versus 37.5% in 2013), driven by
productivity and Invensys contribution, despite unfavorable foreign
exchange effect.

Support Function Costs: research and development and selling,

general and administrative expenses

Research and development expenses, excluding capitalized
development costs and development costs reported as cost of
sales, increased by 9.9% from EUR516 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1
of the consolidated financial statements) to EUR567 million for the
year ended December 31, 2014, mainly due to Invensys
acquisition. As a percentage of revenues, the net cost of research
and development increased to 2.3% of revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2014 (2.2% for the year ended
December 31, 2013).

Total research and development expenses, including capitalized
development costs and development costs reported as cost of
sales (see note4 to the Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements) increased by 8.3% from EUR1,119 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013 to EUR1,212 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014. As a percentage of revenues, total research
and development expenses increased to 4.9% for the year ended
December 31, 2014 from 4.8% for the year ended December 31,
2013.

174 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

In 2014, the net effect of capitalized development costs and
amortization of capitalized development costs amounts to
EUR175 million on operating income versus EUR173 million in
2013.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 9.9%
from EUR4,891 million for the year ended December 31, 2013
(restated for the effect of discontinued operations and change in
consolidation method disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated
financial statements) to EURS5,377 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014, mainly due to Invensys acquisition. As a
percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative
expenses increased at 21.6% for 2014 from 20.9% for 2013,
mainly due to investments in Software and Services.

Combined, total support function costs, that is, research and
development expenses together with selling, general and
administrative costs, totaled EUR5,944 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014 compared to EURS5,407 million for the year
ended December 31, 2018, an increase of 9.9%, mainly due to
Invensys. The support functions costs to sales ratio increased from
23.1% for the year ended December 31, 2013 to 23.8% for the
year ended December 31, 2014.
Other operating income and expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2014, other operating income
and expenses amounted to a net income of EUR106 million,
including costs linked to acquisitions for EUR114 million, a
EUR95 million gain on the curtailment of employee benefit plans in
he UK, in France and in the US and miscellaneous other operating
incomes and expenses amounting to a net expense of
EUR69 million. Costs linked to acquisitions are acquisition,
integration and separation costs on 2014 acquisitions, mainly
nvensys. Net other operating expense includes mainly provisions
or litigation or claims in 2014.

For the year ended December 31, 2018, other operating income
and expenses amounted to a net income of EUR71 million

Restructuring costs

BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(restated for the effect of discontinued operations and change in
consolidation method disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated
inancial statements), including mainly costs linked to acquisitions
or EURS2 million, a EUR173 million gain on the curtailment of
employee benefit plans in the US, in France and in Norway and
miscellaneous other operating incomes and expenses amounting
© a net expense of EUR37 million. Costs linked to acquisitions are
acquisition, integration and separation costs on 2013 acauisitions,
notably Electroshield - TM Samara and acquisition costs linked to
nvensys. Net other operating expense includes mainly provisions
or litigation or claims and gain on disposal of fixed assets in 2013.

For the year ended December 31, 2014, restructuring costs amounted to EUR202 million compared to EUR173 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013. These costs related to industrial and support functions restructurings.

EBITA and Adjusted EBITA

We define EBITA as earnings before interest, taxes and
amortization of purchase accounting intangibles. EBITA comprises
operating profit before amortization and impairment of purchase
accounting intangible assets and before goodwill impairment.

We define adjusted EBITA as EBITA before restructuring costs and
before other operating income and expenses, which includes
acquisition, integration and separation costs.

Adjusted EBITA amounted to EUR3,463 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014, compared to EUR3,356 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1
of the consolidated financial statements), representing an increase
of 3.2%, mainly due to Invensys acquisition and partially offset by
an unfavorable foreign exchange effect of EUR166 million. As a
percentage of revenue, adjusted EBITA decreased from 14.3% for

the year ended December 31, 2013 to 13.9% for the year ended
December 31, 2014, mainly due to negative currency effect.

EBITA decreased by 3.0% from EUR3,254 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1
of the consolidated financial statements) to EUR3,155 million for
the year ended December 31, 2014, mainly linked to significant
integration costs for Invensys, a lower gain on curtailment of
employee benefit plans and higher restructuring expenses in 2014
that did offset the positive impact of Invensys consolidation. As a
percentage of revenue, EBITA decreased to 12.7% in 2014
compared with 13.9% in 2018, in line with the lower Adjusted
EBITA margin and with integration and restructuring costs higher
than in 2013.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 15

4
BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

EBITA and Adjusted EBITA by business segment

The following table sets out EBITA and adjusted EBITA by business segment:

Full year 2014

JOINJ MPP OAT #V JMEJOBSU OFS

Revenue 10,754 5,551
Adjusted EBITA* 1,913 1,023
Adjusted EBITA % 17.8% 18.4%
Other operating

income and expense 7 (34)
Restructuring costs (93) (26)
EBITA 1,827 963
EBITA % 17.0% 17.3%

*“OEVTUSOHGSBTUSVDUVSF*5 $PSQPBB

5,277 3,357 - 24,939
454 630 (657) 3,463
8.6% 18.8% - 13.9%
(86) 1 6 (106)
(76) (4) (3) (202)
292 627 (654) 3,155
5.5% 18.7% - 12.7%

* Adjusted EBITA: EBITA before Restructuring costs and before Other operating income and expenses (of which Costs of acquisition,

integration and separation).

Full year 2013*

JOINJ MPP OAT #V JMEJOBHSU OFS

Revenue 10,355 3,868
Adjusted EBITA** 1,926 744
Adjusted EBITA % 18.6% 19.2%
Other operating

income and expense 62 383
Restructuring costs (86) (19)
EBITA 1,902 758
EBITA % 18.4% 19.6%

*“OEVTUSOMGSBTUSVDUVSF*5 $PSQPBB

5,727 3,442 - 23,392
562 650 (626) 3,356
9.8% 18.9% - 14.3%
(17) 6) (2) 71
(59) (7) (2) (178)
486 638 (630) 3,254
8.5% 18.5% - 13.9%

* The 2018 figures were restated from discontinued operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 7.
** Adjusted EBITA: EBITA before Restructuring costs and before Other operating income and expenses (of which Costs of acquisition,

integration and separation).

Buildings & Partner business recorded an adjusted EBITA
margin of 17.8% for the year ended December 31, 2014, down
0.8% compared to 18.6% for the year ended December 31,
2013, mainly due to unfavorable foreign exchange effect,
unfavorable mix effect of mid market offer and investment in
digitization.

Industry business recorded an adjusted EBITA margin of 18.4% for
the year ended December 31, 2014, down 0.8% compared to
19.2% for the year ended December 31, 2013 (restated for the
effect of discontinued operations and change in consolidation
method disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated financial
statements), mainly due to the dilutive effect of Invensys
consolidation, partly offset positive pricing and operational leverage.

1 76 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

Infrastructure business recorded an adjusted EBITA margin of
8.6% for the year ended December 31, 2014, down 0.8% compared
to 9.8% for the year ended December 31, 2013, mainly due to low
volume, negative mix and pressure on project selling price.

IT business reported an adjusted EBITA margin of 18.8% for the
year ended December 31, 2014, stable with 18.9% margin for the
year ended December 31, 2013, showing resilience in a low
growth environment.

Corporate costs amounted to EUR557 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014 or 2.2% of Group revenues, a similar level as
in the year ended December 31, 2013 (2.2% of Group revenues
or EUR526 million).
Operating income (EBIT)

Operating income (EBIT) decreased from EUR3,039 million for the
year ended December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of
discontinued operations and change in consolidation method
disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated financial statements) to
2,896 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This 4.7%

Net financial income/loss

Net financial loss amounted to EUR467 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014, compared to EUR484 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1
of the consolidated financial statements). The decrease of the net
financial loss is mainly explained by the decrease of the cost of net

Tax

The effective tax rate was 22.7% for the year ended December 31,
2014, decreasing compared to 25.5% for the year ended
December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1
of the consolidated financial statements).. The corresponding tax
expense decreased from EUR651 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013 to EURS551 million for the year ended

Discontinued operations

The net effect of discontinued activities totaled EUR169 million for
the year ended December 31, 2014, including profit over
six-months from the Appliance activity of Invensys, sold in June
2014, and over nine-months from CST business, sold on

Share of profit/(losses) of associates

The share of profit of associates decreased from EUR20 million for
the year ended December 31, 2013 to EUR14 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014 mainly because 2013 waas still including

Non-controlling interests

Minority interests in net income for the year ended December 31,
2014 totaled EUR120 million, compared to EUR97 million for the
year ended December 31, 2013. This represented the share in net

Profit for the period

BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

decrease is explained by both the EBITA decrease and by an
increase of the amortization of purchase accounting intangibles by
EUR44 million linked to Invensys acquisition (EUR259 million in
2014 versus EUR215 million in 2018).

financial debt from EUR325 million for year ended December 31,
2013 to EUR312 million for year ended December 31, 2014 thanks
to a lower average interest rate. The other financial incomes and
costs are stable from a net expense of EUR159 million for year
ended December 31, 2013 to a net expense of EUR155 million for
year ended December 31, 2014.

December 31, 2014. The tax expense includes in 2014 a deferred
tax profit from the recognition of deferred tax assets on Invensys
US tax losses (previously unrecognized) that was made possible
after the agreement on sales of Invensys assets negotiated with
Invensys Trustee in February 2014, which allowed the tax
integration of Invensys US operations with Schneider Electric US
operations.

October 1, 2014, as well as the corresponding gain on sale,
compared to EUR61 million for the year ended December 31,
2018, including yearly profit from CST business only.

the first quarter income of Electroshield - TM Samara (fully
consolidated from April 1, 2013).

income attributable, in large part, to the minority interests of certain
Chinese companies.

Profit for the period attributable to the equity holders of our parent company amounted to EUR1,941 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014, that is a 2.8% increase over the EUR1,888 million profit for the year ended December 31, 2013.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

177

4
BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Share of profit for the period attributable to the equity holders of our parent

company on continuing operations

The share of profit for the period attributable to the equity holders
of our parent company of continuing operations (profit for the
period attributable to the equity holders of our parent company
excluding discontinued operations) amounted to EUR1,772 million
for the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to

Earnings per share

EUR1,827 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 (restated
for the effect of discontinued operations and change in
consolidation method disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated
financial statements), decreasing by 3.0%.

Earnings per share decreased from EURS.43 for the year ended December 31, 2013 to EUR3.39 for the year ended December 31, 2014.

Consolidated cash-flow

Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in
operating assets andi liabilities reached EUR2,640 million for the
year ended December 31, 2014, down 10.6% compared to
EUR2,628 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 (restated
for the effect of discontinued operations and change _ in
consolidation method disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated
financial statements), and represented 10.6% of revenue in 2014
compared with 11.2% in 2013.

Change in working capital requirement consumed EUR107 million
in cash in the year ended December 31, 2014, compared to
EUR238 million generated in the year ended December 31, 2013
(restated for the effect of discontinued operations and change in
consolidation method disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated
financial statements), mainly due to the decrease of accounts
payables, on a high comparison base in 2013.

In all, net cash provided by operating activities decreased 11.6%
from EUR2,866 million in the year ended December 31, 2013
(restated for the effect of discontinued operations and change in
consolidation method disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated
financial statements) to EUR2,533 million in the year ended
December 31, 2014.

Investing Activities

Net capital expenditure, which included capitalized development
projects, increased by 17.4% to EUR829 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014, compared to EUR706 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1

1 78 2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC

of the consolidated financial statements), and represented 3.3% of
revenues in 2014 (3.0% in 2013).

Free cash-flow (cash provided by operating activities net of net
capital expenditure) amounted to EUR1,704 million in 2014 versus
EUR2,160 million in 2013 (restated for the effect of discontinued
operations and change in consolidation method disclosed in note 1
of the consolidated financial statements).

Cash conversion rate (free cash-flow over share profit of associates
of continuing operations) is 96% in 2014 versus 118% in 2013
(restated for the effect of discontinued operations and change in
consolidation method disclosed in note 1 of the consolidated
financial statements).

Our acquisitions represented a cash outflow, net of cash acquired,
of EUR2,490 million for the year ended December 31, 2014,
corresponding mainly to the cash part of Invensys acquisition,
compared to EUR294 million in the year ended December 31,
2013 corresponding mainly to Electroshield— TM Samara
acquisition.

Financing Activities

In 2014, the Group reimbursed two bonds for EUR720 million and
there was no bond issuance.

The net decrease in other financial debts amount to
EUR818 million during the year ended December 31, 2014,
compared to an increase of EUR1,073 million during the year
ended December 31, 2013. The dividend paid by Schneider
Electric was EUR1,095 million the year ended December 31, 2014,
compared with EUR1,025 million the year ended December 31,
2013.
BUSINESS REVIEW
REVIEW OF THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

> 3. Review of the parent company
financial statements

Schneider ElectricSE posted total portfolio revenues of
EUR1 million in 2014 compared with EUR10 million the previous
year. Schneider Electric Industries SAS, the main subsidiary, did
not pay dividends in 2014, nor in 2013. Interest expense net of
interest income amounted to EUR119_ million versus
EUR158 million the previous year.

Current loss amounted to EUR144 million in 2014 compared to a
current loss of EUR165 million in 2013.

In 2014, Schneider Electric SE invoiced to Schneider Electric
Industries SAS a EUR442 million consideration for the use of
Schneider Electric brand, recognized as non-recurring income.

Net profit stood at EUR341 million compared with a net loss of
EUR133 million in 2013.

Equity before appropriation of net profit amounted to
EUR10,806 million at December 31, 2014 versus
EUR10,303 million at the previous year-end, after taking into
account 2014 loss, dividend payments of EUR1,069 million and
share issues in an amount of EUR1,228 million.

> 4. Review of subsidiaries

Schneider Electric Industries SAS
Revenue totaled EUR3.4 billion in 2014 (EURS.5 billion in 2013).

The subsidiary posted an operating loss of EUR136 million in 2014 compared with an operating loss of EUR233 million in 2013.
Net profit amounted to EUR174 million in 2014 compared with EUR948 of net profit million in 20138.

> 5. Outlook

The Group expects North America to continue to grow, while
Western Europe could show signs of stabilization. New economies
will show a mixed picture: India should accelerate while Russia will
face a difficult environment. China is expected to have a soft start
of the year and should gradually improve during the year. Invensys
is expected to continue to contribute to the Group performance.
Group performance in Q1 will be impacted by a high base of
comparison notably in China and for Invensys which may result in
like-for-like decline in revenues in the quarter.

In this context, the Group targets for 2015:

e Low single-digit organic growth in revenues

e Adjusted EBITA margin at 14-14.5% assuming no negative FX
impact on margin

e An expected significantly positive FX impact, estimated based
on current rate at c.€1.5bn on revenues with no material impact
on the adjusted EBITA margin.

2014 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 1 19

4
