

--- Page 1 ---

12345

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

1.1. Group management report

1.1.1

REPORT ON OPERATIONS AND RESULTS

In 2014, Thales achieved or exceeded all of its objectives, excluding the impact of losses related to DCNS. Sales were maintained at a stable level, and
with a sharp increase in order intake for the second consecutive year, the Group improved its operating profitability (excluding DCNS}

lii1 Key figures (adjusted)

Organic
(€ million) 2014 2013¢ Total change change"
Order intake 14,363 12,928 +11% +8%
Order book 27,285 24,469 $12% +5%
Sales 12,974 12,698 +2% “1%
EBIT! excluding DCNS"! 1,102 971 +13% +8%
in % of sales 8.5% 7.0%
EBITe! 985 1011 3% 8%
in % of sales 7.0% 8.0%
Adjusted net income Group share!! 562 642 “12%
Adjusted net income Group share, per share! €2.75 €3.20 14%
Consolidated net income, Group share 714 573 $25%
Dividend per share €1.128 €1.12 0%
Free operating cash flow! 501 477 +5%
Net cash 1,006 1,077, Th

{a} Restated to reflect the first adoption of IFRS 10 and IFRS 11

Non-GAAP measure, see definition below in the section «Presentation of financial information»
(d) In this management report, «excluding DCNS» means «excluding the impact of the 35% share in the net income floss] from DCNS», i.e. a loss of €1 17 million for 2014

{b} In this report, «organic» means «at constant scope and exchange rate».
(c)
{

and income of €40 million for 2013.

{e] Total amount proposed to the AGM on 13 May 2015, including the interim dividend of €0.34 paid in December 2014.
( Operating cash flow before interest and tax + Change in working capital requirements and provisions for contingencies - Net financial interest paid - Pension benefits
{excluding payments fo reduce deficits and changes in the United Kingdom) - taxes paid - net operating investments.

11.1.2 Presentation of financial information

Accounting policies

The consolidated financial statements of the Thales group are prepared
in accordance with IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) as
approved by the European Union at 31 December 2014

These principles, described in note 14 of the notes to the financial statements,
are consistent with those applied for the year ended 31 December 2013,
except for the following elements:

m first adoption of new consolidation standards applicable to annual
reporting periods beginning on or after | January 2014: Consolidated
Financial Statements (IFRS 10), Joint Arrangements (IFRS 11) and
Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities (IFRS 12). In this context, it was
decided that Thales Alenia Space, a 67%owned subgroup, should be
fully consolidated |the relevant changes were implemented in the financial
statements published from 2014; see note | to the consolidated financial
statements for details). It was also decided that the jointly-controlled

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

entities, which were previously accounted for under the proportionate
method, will now be consolidated using the equity method;

a the other standards applicable from | January 2014, with no significant
impact for the Group are: the amendment to IAS 32 (Financial Instruments
Presentation), the amendment to IAS 39 (Financial Instruments: Recognition
and Measurement} and the amendment to IAS 36 (Impairment of Assets)

Definition of non-GAAP financial indicators

To facilitate better monitoring and benchmarking of its operating and

financial performance, the Group presents two key non-GAAP indicators,

which allow it to exclude non-operating and non+ecurring elements. They

are determined as follows:

= EBIT, an adjusted operating metric, corresponds to income from operations
plus the share of the net income (loss) of equity affiliate companies,
excluding the amortisation of intangible assets acquired (purchase price
allocation — PPA) recorded as part of business combinations;

= Adjusted net income corresponds to the net income attributable to
shareholders of the parent company, excluding the following items,

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 2 ---

net of the corresponding tax effects: (i) amortisation of intangible assets
acquired, (i) results of disposals of assets, [iii] change in fair value of
derivative foreign exchange instruments [recorded in “other financial
results" in the consolidated accounts}, {iv) actuarial gains on long-term
benefits (accounted within the “finance cost on pensions and other long-
term benefits” in the consolidated accounts)

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

ltis reminded that only the consolidated financial statements were audited by
the statutory auditors at 31 December including the EBIT provided in note 2
“Segment information” of the consolidated financial statements. Adjusted
financial information other than that provided in note 2 “Segment information”
is subject to the verification procedures applicable to all information included
in this report.

The impact of these adjustment entries on the income statement at 31 December 2014 and 31 December 2013 is reflected in the tables below:

@ IMPACT OF ADJUSTMENT ENTRIES IN THE INCOME STATEMENT - 2014

Adjustments
Amort. of
2014 acquired Income (loss) from Change in fair Actuarial

consolidated intangible —_ disposals and value of FX differences long- Adjusted 2014
(€ million) P&L assets (PPA) others derivatives _term benefits P&L
Sales 12,974 12,974
Cost of sales (9,792) (9,792)
R&D (641) (641)
Selling, general and administrative expenses (1,434) (1,434)
Restructuring costs (114) (114)
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets (PPA) (104) 104 0
Income from operations 889 N/A
Impairment of non-current operating assets (e) =a
Income from disposals, changes in scope and others 249 (249) 0
Share of income (loss) in equity affiliate
companies (34) 27 (7)
Income from operations after income
from equity-affiliates 1,104 N/A
EBIT N/A 985
Impairment of non-current operating assets —a (e)
Financial interests net 2 2
Other financial costs (40) 12 (27)
Finance cost on pensions and other long-term
benefits (90) Is (77)
Income tax (214) (35) (1) (4) (4) (258)
Net income (loss) 762 625
Non controlling interests (48) (15) (62)
NET INCOME, GROUP SHARE 714 80 (249) 8 9 562

{a} Included in «Income from operations after income from equityaccounted companies» in the consolidated income statement and in «Net income (loss}» in the adjusted income

statement.

THALES

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5


--- Page 3 ---

12345

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report
@ IMPACT OF ADJUSTMENT ENTRIES IN THE INCOME STATEMENT - 2013
Adjustments
Amort. of
2013 acquired Income (loss) Change in fair ‘Actuarial

consolidated intangible assets from disposals. value of FX_ differences long- 2013
(€ million) P&L (PPA) and others derivatives term benefits adjusted P&L
Sales 12,698 12,698
Cost of sales (9,685) (9,685)
R&D (612) (612)
Selling, general and administrative expenses (1,400) (1,400)
Restructuring costs (122) (122)
Amortisation of acquired intangible assets (PPA} (62) 62 (0)
Income from operations 817 N/A
Impairment of noncurrent operating assets (3) —)
Income (loss) from disposals, changes in scope and
others 16 (16) ie}
Share of income (loss) in equity affiliate
companies 106 27 133
Income from operations after income from
equity-affiliates 936 N/A
EBIT N/A 1,011
Impairment of non-current operating assets rh (3)
Financial interests net (9) (9)
Other financial costs (45) 31 (14)
Finance cost on pensions and other long-term
benefits (69) (70)
Income tax (204) (21) ] (11) i} (234)
Net income (loss) 609 67 (15) 20 (0) 681
Non controlling interests (35) (3) 2 (3) (1) (39)
NET INCOME, GROUP SHARE 573 65 (13) 18 (1) 642

(a) Included in «income from operations afier income fom equityaccounied companies» in the consolidated income statement and «Net income (loss) in the adjusted income statement.

1113 Order intake

(€ million) 2014 2013 Total change Organic change
ORDER INTAKE
Aerospace 5,024 4,297 +17% +11%
Transport 1,652 1,454 +14% +14%
Defence & Security 7,608 7,114 +7% +4%
Total - operating segments 14,284 12,865 +11% 47%
Others 79 63
TOTAL 14,363 12,928 +11% +8%

The new orders entered in the order book during 2014 amount to
€14,363 million, representing an inerease of 11% compared to 2013
(+8% at constant scope and exchange rates!"!). At 31 December 2014,
the consolidated order book totalled €27,285 million, i.e. more than two
years of sales. The book-to-bill ratio amounted to 1.11 at the end of 2014

(1) Taking into account a postive exchange rate effect of €16 milion and a postive scope effect of E44

Nineteen large orders for an amount over €100 million were recorded
in 2014 (the same number as in 2013}

= 8 in the Aerospace segment, including a major supply contract for two
observation satellites for the United Arab Emirates (Falcon Eye), three
contracts for commercial telecommunications satellites (Inmarsat/Arabsat,
KT Sat in Korea and Telkomsat in Indonesia), contracts for the Egnos
(navigation) and Exomars (exploration) space programmes, as well as a
satellite supply contract for a European customer;

million linked to the full consolidation of Thales Raytheon Company

Systems SAS (Defence & Security) and Irixell SAS [Aerospace] from | January 2014 following changes to the shareholders’ agreements and the first consolidation of live TV

from 1 July 2014 [Aerospace].

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 4 ---

= | in the Transport segment for signalling and control systems for the
Olmedo-Orense high-speed rail line in Spain;

= 10 in the Defence & Security segment, 4 in the emerging markets (a
military communication network and a port infrastructure security contract
in Qatar; an air defence system in Indonesia; an urban security contract
for Mexico City; systems for the corvettes sold by DCNS in Egypt) and
6 in the main countries in which the Group is based (air defence radars,
Scorpion programme for the land forces and laser designation pods in
France; modernisation of military air control in the United Kingdom; and
land defence systems in Australia)

Orders with a unit value less than €10 million represent just under half of
the order intake in terms of value

With significantly marked growth in the Middle East, order intake in the
emerging markets''! continued to grow (+8% compared to 201 3} reaching
€4,267 million or 30% of total order intake. Since 2012, there has been
a 40% increase in order intake in emerging markets.

Order intake for the Aerospace segment rose sharply to €5,024 million
compared to €4,297 million in 2013 (+17%). Avionics orders increased,
boosted by continued growth in commercial and Military Avionics, both
original equipment and support. There was significant growth in the Space
business, both in the institutional segment for observation, navigation and

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

exploration satellites as well as in the Telecommunications segment, with
the signing of the previously mentioned major contracts.

Order intake for the Transport sector was particularly strong in the
fourth quarter and increased to €1,651 million in 2014 compared to
€1,454 million in 2013 (+14%]. The main lines business benefits from
contracts in Spain, Poland, Mexico and the United Kingdom in particular,
and activity is sustained in urban rail, with projects in Qatar, Brazil and
the United States.

Order intake in the Defence & Security segment totalled €7,608 million
compared to €7, 114 million in 2013 (+7%). This trend reflects the significant
growth in orders for Land and Air Systems, which reported several large
orders in the fourth quarter: the Marshall contract for the renovation of
the UK military air control, air defence radars in France and a land
defence contract in Australia. Order intake for Secure Communications
and Information Systems remains stable overall, with an increased order
intake for Protection Systems (Mexico, Qatar, France] offsetting the decline
in radiocommunications orders, following the notification in 2013 of the
major French sofwaredefined radio contract. However, as expected, and
despite several successes in surface ships systems (Egypt, United Kingdom,
Netherlands, Australia), the Defence Mission systems business did not match
the very high level of order intake achieved in 2013, driven by the mult-
annual SSOP contract for the UK Royal Navy.

lita Sales

(€ million) 2014 2013 Total change Organic change
SALES

Aerospace 5,014 4,713 +6% +1%
Transport 1,402 1,447 -3% A%
Defence & Security 6,480 6,456 +0% 2%
Total - operating segments 12,895 12,616 42% 1%
Others 79 82

TOTAL 12,974 12,698 +2%

Group sales” totalled €12,974 million at 3] December 2014 compared
to €12,698 million at the end of December 2013, which represents an
increase of 2% {-1% at a constant scope and exchange rates)

In the Aerospace segment, sales amounted to €5,014 million, up 6%
compared to 2013 (+1% at constant scope and exchange rates}. Avionics
continued to grow thanks to commercial on-Board avionics, which benefited
from increased production rates at aircraft manufacturers and the growth of
aftermarket activities, while the military business (helicopters and simulation)
sales were lower. There was also continued growth in In-Flight Entertainment
sales, following large orders in 2013. Space sales were relatively stable;
the increase in new programmes (Brazil, observation satellites) did not
offset the reduced contribution of constellation programmes (Iridium, O3b)

The Transport segment recorded sales of €1,402 million compared to
€1,447 million in 2013, representing a decrease of 3% [-4% at constant
scope and exchange rates). The main line signalling business reported sales

growth, thanks in particular to several projects in Europe (Poland, Hungary,
Austria). Nevertheless, this trend did not completely offset lower sales in the
ticketing business which saw several contracts come to an end, and in urban
rail signalling, in which several projects have had delays.

Sales for the Defence & Security segment reached €6,480 million, almost
identical to that of 2013 (-2% at constant scope and exchange rates}
Excluding the positive impact of the consolidation of 100% de Thales
Raytheon Systems SAS, Land and Air Systems reported lower sales compared
to 2013, despite the good performance of airborne optronics. There was
also a drop in sales in Defence Mission Systems, despite the growth of the
sonar business driven in particular by the rampup of the SSOP contract in the
United Kingdom. Finally, Secure Communications and Information Systems
reported a slight fall in sales; the performance of the cybersecurity and secure
networks business failed to fully offset the decline in the radiocommunications
business, mainly in the United States.

(1) In this report, “emerging markets" refers to all countries in Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and Africa.
(2) The exchange rate impact on sales is positive and amounts to €43 million while the scope impact amounts to €384 million, taking into account the full consolidation of Thales
Raytheon Systems SAS (Defence & Security] and Trixell SAS (Aerospace] from | January 2014, following changes to the shareholders’ agreements and the first consolidation

of live TV (Aerospace] from | July 2014

THALES

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5

11


--- Page 5 ---

12345

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report
11.15 Adjusted results
@ EBIT
(€ million) 2014 2013 Total change Organic change
EBIT
Aerospace 505 420 +20% +11%
in % of sales 10.1% 8.9%
Transport 32 97 -67% -68%
in % of sales 2.3% 67%
Defence & Security 620 499 +24% 421%
in % of sales 9.6% 77%
Total - operating segments 1,157 1,016 +14% +8%
in % of sales 9.0% 8.1%
Others - excluding DCNS (55) (45)
Total — excluding DCNS 1,102 971 +13% +8%
in % of sales 8.5% 7.0%
DCNS (share at 35%) (117) 40
TOTAL 985 1,011 3% 8%
in % of sales 7.0% 8.0%

For 2014, the Group reported an BIT” of €985 million, which represents
7.6% of sales compared to €1,011 million (8.0% of sales} in 2013. This
decline is entirely attributable to the strongly negative contribution of DCNS.
(-€117 million compared to a positive contribution of €40 million in 2013)
due to significant negative variances on several contracts, particularly in civil
nuclear activities. Excluding the contribution of DCNS, the Group's EBIT
totalled €1,102 million (8.5% of sales), up 13% compared to the previous
financial year, as performance plans continued to be deployed

The EBIT!"! for the Aerospace segment increased further to €505 million
(10.1% of sales) compared to €420 million (8.9% of sales) in 2013
Avionics reported significant growth in their results, due to the higher sales
volume in commercial avionics and in-flight entertainment and the results of
competitiveness measures. Space reported a stable EBIT!"! compared to the
previous year, the positive impact of performance plans offset by research
and development expenses and increasing restructuring costs.

The Transport segment reported an EBIT!") of €32 million (2.3% of sales}
compared to €97 million (6.7% of sales) in 2013. The Transport business
was affected by execution difficulties on several projects, particularly in urban
rail. Corrective measures have been implemented in order to improve the
quality of programme execution. These measures should gradually produce
benefits

Despite globally stable sales, the EBIT"! for the Defence & Security segment
increased significantly in 2014 totalling €620 million (9.6% of sales}
compared to €499 million in 2013 |i.e. 7.7% of sales}. The EBIT! for
Land and Air Systems rose sharply as better execution of contracts offset the
increased costs in self-funded R&D. Secure Communications and Information
Systems reported an increased EBIT"! in 2014, thanks to the good execution
of projects and reduced restructuring costs. likewise, the Defence Mission
Systems Business reported an increase in EBIT"'! as a result of the better
execution of contracts and lower restructuring costs.

[1] NonGAAP measure, see definition page 8

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

Adjusted financial results

The adjusted financial costs, remained practically unchanged at -€25 million
compared to -€23 million in 2013. Adjusted financial icone on pensions
and other employee benefits came to -€77 million compared to-€70 million
during the previous financial year, since the interest rates at the end of
2013, which were used to calculate the 2014 financial cost, were higher
than the 2012 rates.

Adjusted net income

The adjusted net income - Group share for 2014 was €562 million,
compared to €642 million in 2013, after an adjusted tax charge of
-€258 million compared to -€234 million, i.e., an effective tax rate
of 29% compared to 30% in 2013. The adjusted net income, Group
share, per share amounted to €2.75 compared to €3.20 at the end of
December 2013

1116 Consolidated results
Income from operations

Income from operations rose by 9% to €889m in 2014, from €817m in
2013. This increase reflects the improvement in gross profitability and tighter
control of indirect costs.

Income from operations after income from equity-
accounted companies

Income from operations after income from equityaccounted companies
came to €1,104m, compared with €936m in 2013

Aside from the growth in income from operations, the increase in income
from operations after income from equity-accounted companies reflected

= on the one hand, a significant gain on the disposal of Thales Raytheon
Systems SAS and Trixell relating to fair value adjustments (€249m, versus

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 6 ---

€16m in 2013}, after an amendment to the shareholders’ agreements
of these joint ventures led to Thales taking sole control, but with no
change in the percentage ownership of the joint shareholders of these
companies; and

= onthe other hand, a sharp fallin the share of income of equity-accounted
companies, from €106m in 2013 to a loss of €34m in 2014, due to
to the substantial net loss posted by DCNS for the year.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

Net income (loss)

Consolidated net income, Group share, totalled €714m compared with
€573m in 2013, after tax of €214m versus €203m in 2013, and
including an increase in share of income attributable to non-controlling
interests following the changes relating to Thales Raytheon Systems SAS
and Trixell mentioned above.

1117 Financial position at 31 December 2014

(€ million) 2014 2013
Operating cash flow before interest and tax 1,466 1,330
Change in working capital requirements and provisions for contingencies 287] (301)
Payment of contributions/pension benefits 122) (123)
Net financial interest paid (14) (31)
Income tax paid (98) (40)
Net operating cash flows"! 944 835
Net operating invesiments (443) (358)
Free operating cash flow 501 477
Net (acquisitions|/disposals 374] (35)
Deficit payments on pensions in the United Kingdom (69) (64)
Dividends (243) (181)
Exchange rate and others 114 (50)
Change in net cash (71) 147

{a} Excluding deficit payments on pensions in the United Kingdom.

The free operating cash flow increased compared to 2013 totalling
€501 million compared to €477 million in 2013, despite a 24% increase
in operating invesiments (€443 million compared to €358 million in 2013)
as part of the optimisation of the Group's industrial base

At 31 December 2014, net cash amounted to €1,006 million compared
to €1,077 million at the end of December 2013, taking into account in
particular the acquisition of the US company live TV for €287 million and
a significant increase in the dividend distributed (€243 million over the year
compared to €181 million for the previous year)

Shareholders’ equity, Group share, amounted to €3,771 million compared
to €3,847 million at the end of December 2013, taking into account net
consolidated income, Group share of €714 million and the significant
increase in provisions for pensions and longterm benefits (€2,557 million
compared to €1,858 million in 2013) linked to the extremely low interest
rates at the end of 2014

1.1.1.8

Proposed dividend

At the Annual General Meeting on 13 May 2015, the Board of directors will
propose the distribution of a dividend of €1.12 per share to the shareholders

(1) Non-GAAP measure, see definition page 8.

THALES

approved, the exdividend date will be 27 May 2015 and the payrnent
date will be 29 May 2015. The dividend will be paid fully in cash and will
amount to €0.78 per share, after deducting the interim dividend of €0.34
per share already paid in December 2014.

Outlook for 2015

After an order growth of almost 20% over the last two years, order intake
should remain high in 2015, with a new increase in order intake expected
from emerging markets.

1119

The continued growth in order intake over the last wo years should result in
a lowsingle digit increase in sales in 2015

This positive trend, combined with competitiveness improvement efforts and
the progressive retum to profitability of DCNS should result in an EBIT!"!
increase of around 15% compared to 2014 (based on current exchange
rates), to total €1,130 million to €1,150 million

Over the medium term, Thales confirms its objectives of a moderate increase
in sales and an improvement in its EBIT!'! margin to reach a rate of 9.5 to

10% by 2017/2018

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5

13


--- Page 7 ---

12

14

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

3.45

1.1.2. RISK FACTORS

Thales is exposed to a number of risks and uncertainties which could
materially affect its business, reputation, financial position, results or ability
to achieve its objectives. The risks described below are not the only ones
that Thales faces. Other risks, unknown to Thales on this date, or which
presently appear to be non-significant, could also have an unfavourable
impact on the business, profitability and financial position of the Group or
its ability to achieve its objectives

Generally, Thales may be faced with a number of operational, strategic,
legal and financial risks

1.121 Operational and strategic risks

1.1.2.1.1 Competitive environment

Thales operates on highly competitive markets, both in terms of international
groups, especially in a context of shrinking defence budgets in their home
countries, and in terms of local or niche companies in certain market
segments. This competitive pressure could negatively impact Thales’
commercial position, sales and profits

There is also no guarantee that competition will not intensify, particularly
in an unfavourable economic environment, or that Thales will be able to
successfully fight its current or future competitors.

In order to limit the impact of this risk, Thales continues its research and
development efforts in order to provide competitive and differentiating
elements to the Group's operating units and also works to upgrade its
product offer in order to meet the needs of its customers, in both defence
and civil markets.

Unfavourable trends in the civil aviation
market

1.1.2.1.2

Demand for air travel appears closely linked to general economic trends, but
is also affected by specific factors, such as the characteristics of aircraft fleets
in service, regulatory changes (new environmental standards, deregulation,
etc.) and the ability of airlines to access financing. Moreover, trends in oil
prices have a direct impact on the profitability, and therefore, the investment
decisions of airlines. In addition, the civil aviation market is also susceptible
to the effects of intensification (real or perceived) of terrorist activity, as well
as conflicts and epidemics or disasters, which can have an important, if
temporary, impact on air traffic and thus affect the entire civil aviation market.

The economic environment is therefore likely to remain unsettled, especially
in Europe. In order to remain profitable in a difficult market, airlines could
cancel or postpone orders and aircraft manufacturers might have to reduce
production rates. This environment could also lead the airlines to reduce
or delay their maintenance expenditure or their investments in in-flight
entertainment systems. Similarly, air navigation service providers could
reduce or delay investments in air traffic control equipment and systems.
Were they to materialise, these factors could have a negative impact on
Thales’ profitability and financial position

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

To limit the impact of this risk, Thales is pursuing action on two fronts: {i}
ongoing improvements fo its competitive performance and industrial flexibility
in order to better manage trading fluctuations during the cycle and (ii) a
comprehensive strategy seeking a balance within the business portfolio (with
exposure to the civil aviation market reduced to around 15% of Group sales}.

11213 Dependence on public procurement

Thales generates most of its business from governments, particularly in the
defence markets in France and the UK, and, to a lesser extent, in the rest
of Europe, North America and Australia. In these markets, public spending
is dependent on political and economic factors and is therefore likely to
fluctuate from one year to the next. A significant reduction in defence
budgets, particularly in Europe as part of a more restrictive budget policy,
could affect the Group's business and profitability. In fact, a reduction in the
budget resources of government customers could generate delays in order
booking, contract execution, payments or a decrease in funding for research
and development programmes

Thales has based its strategy on a balanced portfolio of defence operations
(approximately 50% of sales) and civil operations (approximately 50% of
sales). The overall solidity of the portfolio is underpinned by a diversified
base of orders with a unit value of less than €100m. Finally, the broad
geographic spread of Thales’ business, particularly through its international
operations, ensures further diversification of its customer base.

1121.4 — Political risks

A significant proportion of Thales’ sales is subject to the risk of economic
and/or political instability in the countries in which the Group operates.
The materialisation of these risks may affect the Group's financial position

and profitability,

In particular, a change in government, major political event, armed conflict,
act of terrorism, sharp deterioration in the balance of payments, industrial
action, strike or protest could lead to various types of risks. These include:

more restrictive currency control, with limitations or exclusions on
withdrawing currency from a client couniry, preventing it from honouring
its financial commitments towards Thales;

impairment of assets because of devaluations of the local currency or
other measures taken by public authorities that significantly affect the
value of operations;

expropriation (by confiscation, nationalisation, requisition, etc.) or the
forced sale of Thales’ interest in a local company, or, more broadly,
discriminatory measures that compromise Thales’ operations in a country;

a security situation entailing a risk of attack on the physical safety of its
employees and/or its facilities, which strongly limit or prevent Thales
from assuming its performance obligations under a contract, or reduce
or prohibit the use of its local industrial assets;

an unexpected breach of a contract or commitment;

an unfair call of a bond or o guarantee;

the non-certification of documents eligible for payment, or non payment
on the due dates stipulated in a contract, which prevent the anticipated
progress of that contract.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 8 ---

To limit the financial impact of these risks, Thales seeks to protect its interests
as far as possible through contractual provisions. In addition, the Group may
use government and/or private sector insurers when necessary to provide
appropriate cover. If applicable, it may also transfer receivables without
recourse to financial institutions

Lastly, the Group has deployed a global procedure for employee security,
crisis detection and reaction, protection and monitoring [see paragraph on
Security breaches in respect of sites.)

1121.5 Control of projects and programmes

Many of Thales’ products and systems are highly complex due to their
advanced technology content, the rigorous operational constraints and
harsh environments in which they operate {which require them to be
exiremely reliable) and the contractual arrangements surrounding their sale
(comprehensive prime contractorships for large-scale systems, public-private
partnerships or equivalent, local shares, compensation commitments etc.)

The actual cost of design, development and manufacture may therefore
exceed initial cost estimates, which in turn may adversely impact Thales’
results and financial position, especially considering that the associated
contracts are generally based on a fixed, alkinclusive price. In addition,
many contracts include siringent performance levels and/or tight delivery
schedules for the products or systems sold, particularly given the increased
competition. If Thales is unable to deliver these products or systems in line
with the required level of performance and/or delivery schedule, customers
may demand penalty payments or even decide to terminate the contract.
Moreover, as Thales generates most of its business from governments and/or
government agencies, it is exposed to political risks in the countries in which
it operates (see paragraph 1.1.2.1.4 Political risks). The occurrence of such
events could have a material impact on Thales’ results and financial position

Bid and project management is therefore subject to a detailed risk
management and assessment process. Thales ranks the various levels
of criticality. Critical bids and projects are specifically monitored at the
management level of the operating entities (Business Lines, Global Business
Units) and, as needed, by the Group's executive management.

Contractual risk assessment is an integral part of the tendering process.
Depending on the complexity of the bid, this procedure involves a number
of steps which progressively reveal the estimated level of profitability and
the associated risks to be assessed. Particular attention is paid to longterm
sales contracts that include fixed prices valid for the entire duration of the
agreement.

For certain contracts that run for several years and involve products and
services with a high degree of complexity, regular reviews are organised
in order to monitor the technical and financial progress

The Group continues to pay particular attention to analyses and action
plans for the management efficiency of bids and projects by measuring
and monitoring financial variance on the projects and the implementation
of corrective actions

In the context of the Ambition Boost performance programme, the Group
has also implemented action plans to improve the management of bids and
projects, engineering and the supply chain. These actions aim in particular
to:

= improve the product policy, in order to streamline new developments
and thus reduce risks;

m= improve the management of commitments made, with widespread use of
independent peer reviews, closer involvement of Engineering, Purchasing,
Production, Legal and Quality Control and the introduction of Product and
Project Design Authorities responsible for developing the technical project
solution (during the bid or product/ project execution phase};

THALES

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

= improve methods, practices and tools, to make them more relevant to
international products/ projects;

= improve the supply chain, by increasing its global dimension and enhance
the maturity level of emerging countries in the implementation of projects;

® introduce advanced training for project managers to obtain International
Project Management Association (IPMA) certification. At the end of
2014, nearly 820 project managers within the Group had gained IPIWA
certification, with approximately 220 certified during the year.

1.1216 Management of supplier risk

Purchases constitute a very significant proportion of Thales’ business,
representing nearly half its sales in manufacturing, services, equipment
and subsystems. Thales is thus exposed to the risk of industrial, technical
or financial failure of any of its suppliers, which in tum could affect the
Company's profitability and performance

There are two major types of supplier risk

= legal or regulatory noncompliance (ethics, export control, intellectual
property, etc.); these risks are handled by the departments concerned
using the Group Risk Management system with the support of the
Purchasing Department;

structural and operational risks that could disrupt supply are dealt with by
the Purchasing Department using the Group Risk Management system
The Purchasing Department has identified two key triggers: supplier
default and economic dependence. Although individual events might be
considered to have a minor financial impact, they could potentially occur
several times a year. The financial impact could become significant if
several events are considered together, due to the domino effect and the
large number of suppliers in Thales’ supplier panel

ca) Management of the risks of supplier default

Supplier default could be caused by a major incident at one of its sites, by its
external environment (shortage of raw materials - particularly critical materials
- or components, major political instability, natural disaster, etc.) or through
mismanagement. The supplier's management performance is monitored both
in operating terms (lack of procurement planning, failure to manage tier 2
suppliers, loss of control over industrial processes, plant obsolescence, etc.)
and in crossdisciplinary and financial terms (poor skills management, loss
of knowhow, fall in sales, mismanagement of working capital requirement,
cash flow problems, administration or bankruptcy protection, etc.). A
combination of problems could lead to the disappearance of a company
or its takeover by investors with different interests from those of Thales.

Faced with this risk of a supply shortage, Thales seeks to implement a dual
sourcing (or alternativesource] policy for each technology family, regularly
updated and accompanied by buffer stocks that cover its requirements until
customer contracts have been fulfilled

In addition, taking into account the increased risk of fragility of certain
suppliers in the current economic climate, Thales has introduced a special
measure aimed at identifying, from among its critical suppliers, those that
would be particularly exposed financially and implementing an appropriate
action plan to ensure continuity of supply. Apart from individual monitoring,
analysis is carried out by technology field in conjunction with the professional
bodies concerned to identify appropriate solutions.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5

15


--- Page 9 ---

12

16

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

3.45

Alongside these financial supervision measures, Purchasing and Quality
Control have stepped up their appraisal, accreditation and management of
supplier performance to better identify structural risks. Supplier performance
audits are broad-based (quality control, industrial maturity, flow optimisation,
compliance with environmental regulations, expertise in technical and
technological processes, financial solidity, etc.) and therefore allow a
complete risk analysis to be carried out. When executing a purchasing
contract, Thales closely monitors the implementation by the supplier of
measures aimed at tackling the risks identified during the selection process.

b) Management of the risks of economic dependence

The economic dependence of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)
on Thales is considered a separate risk in its own right. It is particularly
significant now that the economic crisis has disrupted the sales portfolios
of a number of them, jeopardising the operating cycle with Thales and
potentially leading to a supply shortage:

In order to mitigate this risk, the commitment rate (orders placed by Thales
as a percentage of the supplier's total annual sales) is monitored for each
panel of suppliers by market segment and for the main countries where the
Group is implanted (France, the UK, the Netherlands, etc.). If the commitment
rate exceeds 50% for more than two consecutive years, an action plan
coordinated with internal prescriptors and internal users is drawn up and
implemented in order to return to a reduced commitment rate.

The procurement policy, supplier selection and performance monitoring
processes and supervisory and risk mitigation measures are all designed to
reduce these risks, both during the bidding phase and during the preliminary
project phase

11.217 Raw materials risk

Given the nature of its business, Thales uses few raw materials. The Group's
exposure to raw materials risk is therefore negligible.

11.218 Human resources risk

a) Health and safety at work

Ensuring a healthy and safe working environment for its employees pursuant to
the laws in force, monitoring procedures, preventing health and professional
risks and employee training are key priorities for Thales

These principles are reflected in a structure designed to prevent risks related to
health and safety in the workplace, whether on Thales sites or external sites.

The formalisation of procedures concerning the implementation of a
“permanent medical unit responsible for health monitoring" and “a crisis
centre in the event of a major international health risk”, and a procedure
reserved for assignments in countries posing a major health risk, enable risks
that may arise overseas to be anticipated and managed more effectively.
Regular monitoring of the risks to which the Group's employees may be
exposed is perforned each year on the basis of dedicated indicators

Concrete measures are also implemented in relation to the health and safety
of employees in the workplace. The commitments made and initiatives
undertaken by the Group Human Resources Department and Health, Safety
and Environment Department in this area are ongoing. In particular, new
employees, whatever their country, can have a medical in the year of
recruitment with Thales, and are provided with risk prevention information
at their on-site. Thales is also committed to increase the quality of life in the
workplace. In France, a new Group agreement on “Quality of life at work"

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

was signed on 4 February 2014. Continuing the approach adopted in
the agreement signed in 2009 on the same subject, which had expired,
the agreement signed on 4 February 2014 for a period of three years
defines a general framework for prevention, with a particular focus on the
detection and prevention of psychosocial risks by implementing individual
and collective preventive actions.

Proof of the Group's continuing commitment to certification, 90 Thales
entities (representing 72% of the workforce) had obtained OHSAS 18001
certification by the end of 2014.

b) Talent development

If Thales is not attractive enough to recruit the qualified staff it needs in a
timely manner and retain and motivate its employees to develop and conduct
its business, sales and operating profitability could be negatively affected
Thales’ success and performance effectively depend on its capacity to recruit
employees in the different employment markets, in France and abroad,
the quality of the key skills and the commitment of its employees, and its
capacity to globally manage the talents required for the development of its
activity worldwide.

Moreover, the lack of sufficient employees to carry out the workload
and/or of the necessary skills over a sustained period would be likely to
affect operating profitability by leading, for example, to increased use of
subcontractors or temporary staff.

Thales therefore attaches great importance to its attractiveness and
positioning as a top employer, ensuring a good external image which
will boost recruitment and an internal situation that will contribute to retain
employees

As an attractive and recognised employer in France, Thales also intends to
build its image in all the countries where the Group is already present or
is intending to develop.

Thus, particular attention is paid to the systematic deployment of recruitment
tools and organisations in emerging markets. In addition, a global recruitment
function, attached to the HR general management has been created to
help the Group develop in these geographical zones. The global process
of identification and management of the Group's talents has also been
reinforced, by encouraging exchanges between management teams in
different parts of the organisation.

Thales is also continuing its dynamic skills management policy for the Group's
main professional families. A Steering Committee per family, composed of
operational and HR managers, annually analyses developments in the jobs,
expertise, and the needs of the Company, and establishes action plans
(training, anticipated management of internal mobility, external recruitment
etc.). To complement this tool, each year the Group's internal University
updates the key programmes in response to changing needs.

11.219 Environmental risks

For many years, Thales has conducted regular analysis and update of
environmental risks in accordance with its business activities, scientific and
technical developments and the emerging environmental challenges

This analysis aims at:

= ensuring that employees and surrounding residents are not exposed to
health and environmental risks (pollution, asbestos, etc.) through their
activities or work environment, whether on Thales or external sites;

= ensuring the compliance of activities and products (substances, waste,
etc.);

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 10 ---

analysing the impact of new regulations, including on product design;

analysing the impact of the environment on activities (water stress, climatic
events, etc.;

specifying an appropriate organisation and associated action plans,
either at Group level or locally, according to the results of this analysis.

In support of this analysis, an Environmental Management System has
been deployed at all sites in order to ensure the control and limitation
of the products’ and activities’ environment impacts. Integrated into the
Group commitments, this management system is applied to the different
functions. As such, environmental competences have been widened to
include engineering, research, procurement and contracts, for example
through organisational management, special training, communication tools
and sharing experiences

At the end of 2014, 117 entities had been certified ISO 14001,
representing 88% of the Group's workforce

At 31 December 2014, the amount of reserves for environmental
contingencies amounted to €8. 1m

1.1.2.1.10 Security breaches in respect of sites
and employees

Thales is exposed to attempts to breach the security of its sites (attempts
by unauthorised persons to access confidential information, threats to the
physical security of sites and facilities, etc.). The occurrence of such events
could affect the rollout of the Group's activities and its reputation and,
consequently, its results and financial situation

In order to minimise this risk, the Group Security Department has drafted a
policy for regulating access to all Group sites. This policy is applied by the
Group's network of security officers. In its defence businesses, the Group is
subject to different national regulations requiring it to implement measures
to protect its employees and industrial assets.

The Group is therefore subject to a large number of audits and inspections
by the national supervisory authorities.

In addition, the Group has deployed a global procedure for employee
security, crisis detection and reaction, protection and monitoring to ensure
they have an appropriate level of security in the countries in which they
perform their work. In certain countries, this global procedure runs alongside
a local intervention system, which ensures a quick response to incidents.

11.21.11 Risk of IT system failure

The Group operates ~ directly or through service providers — complex IT
systems and infrastructure that are essential to the smooth running of its
commercial, industrial and financial processes. The malfunction or failure
of these systems may have external causes (viruses or hacking, power cuts
or network failures, natural disasters, etc.) or internal causes (malicious acts,
breaches of data confidentiality, hurnan error, obsolescence]. Any such
malfunction or failure could have an impact on the Group's operations and
its financial results.

The Group has put in place business continuity measures in the event of
power cuts or the loss of network connections to critical sites. There is also
an action plan that covers the Group's international operations, which is
aimed at safeguarding its critical information systems (from data backups
to the implementation of redundancy protection and back-up systems) and
involves the regular testing of these systems.

In addition, rules for protecting the Group's IT systems and the sensitive
information they contain have been formalised into a set of internal reference

THALES

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

documents circulated for application to all entities, via a network of IT
System Security Managers, with the aim of minimising risks related to IT
system security on a worldwide basis. These rules ensure that the systems
are designed in a secure manner and that any anomalies are detected and
resolved appropriately. Compliance with these rules is monitored through
surveys, vulnerability assessments and audits

With regard to IT system users and administrators, a range of awareness-
raising initiatives have been implemented and will continue to be improved
and enhanced

Lastly, the Thales IT system security and anti-cyber crime strategy has been
approved by the Group's corporate management, in close cooperation
with the national and governmental authorities of the countries concerned.

1121.12 Risk related to failure of equipment
or technology

Thales systems and equipment are highly complex and technical and
are likely to be integrated within high-value civil or military platforms. A
malfunction of any such systems, equipment or technologies could result in
client claims or third-party litigation. Thales could thus be held liable in the
event of damage to property or personal injury. Were they to occur, such
events would be liable to impact Thales’ results and financial position, as
well as its reputation.

In order to limit the impact, Thales has put Group-wide standards in place
(Design Authority, quality, documentation, contractualisation and risk
management). In addition, Thales conducts a policy to maintain appropriate
insurance coverage (see section 1.1.2.4 Insurance })

1.1.2..13 Risk of lower impact of performance
improvement measures

In 2010, Thales initiated a five-year competitiveness plan called Probasis,
with the aim of reducing the Group's cost base. This plan, which mainly
focused on improving project execution and optimising purchasing costs,
targeted gross savings of €1.3bn, representing a positive net impact on EBIT
of some €300m at the end of 2014. In total, this plan will have generated a
positive net impact on EBIT of more than €350m at the end of 2014 (€50m
at end-2011, plus €99m in 2012, €120m in 2013 and €90m in 2014)

To continue the initiatives carried out under the Probasis plan, in 2014 the
Group introduced the “Ambition Boost" performance programme, aimed at
improving the Group's overall performance, with the target of achieving an
EBIT margin of 9.5-10% by 2017/2018 and returning to growth

This global performance plan provides a common frarnework within which
the units can implement plans and initiatives adapted to their own issues in
terms of performance improvements.

The objectives are validated during the multi-year budget preparations,
and cover all Group issues in terms of growth, competitiveness and talent
development.

The actual results may differ significantly from the objectives. The performance
initiatives are based on the economic and commercial assumptions used in
the Group's multi-year budget. The accuracy of these assumptions may be
affected by changes in the execution of Thales’ operations or its environment,
such as the development of new businesses, increased competitiveness on
domestic and export markets or unfavourable changes in regulations or
legislation

Furthermore, the future earnings and financial position of Thales could be
negatively impacted if the initiatives planned under the Ambition Boost

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5

17


--- Page 11 ---

12

18

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

3.45

framework could not be fully implemented or if they failed to generate the
expected results according to the original timetable. The cost of implementing
these initiatives could also be higher than forecast.

Thales pays particular attention to the management of the Ambition Boost
programme and the monitoring of performance improvement initiatives.
The Group's corporate management regularly reviews the progress of the
main initiatives. Expected impacts for all initiatives for the year are regularly
updated as part of the Group's steering process.

11.21.14 Risks relating to strategic acquisitions
and investments

Thales regularly looks to acquire new companies (as well as making strategic
investments and combining business activities through joint ventures, etc.)
in order to round out its technological portfolio and strengthen its presence
in certain markets. Integrating these businesses within Thales could prove
more difficult and take longer than envisaged, requiring a more significant
involvement by senior managers and the teams concerned and, in turn,
negatively impacting the Group's results and financial position

In addition, there are no guarantees that the newly acquired companies will
perform as well as expected in accordance with the initial business plans,
which form the basis of the investment decision. This type of variance could
lead to the recognition of impairment losses on goodwill and other intangible
assets, thereby negatively impacting Thales’ results and financial position.

Before any planned acquisitions, Thales conducts audits and due diligence
with the assistance of external consultants where necessary, in order to
analyse the fundamentals of the target company. A review is also conducted
at each key stage in the acquisition process to confirm Thales’ interest and
specify the necessary conditions and parameters to ensure a successful
outcome. The newly acquired company is then integrated into Thales’
financial reporting system so that its performance can be monitored.

11.21.15 Risks related to minority investments

Thales generates part of its sales from companies in which control is shared
with, or exercised by, other partners; in accordance with the accounting
principles in force on 1 January 2014, these companies are consolidated
using the equity method'"!

Moreover, the share in net income of equity affiliates is included in Thales’
EBIT??) and adjusted net income"!. A deterioration in the performance of
these companies may therefore impact on the Group's income and financial
position. Accordingly, the net loss recorded by DCNS in 2014 had a
significant negative impact on Thales’ EBIT and net income.

Since the influence exercised by Thales over these minority investments varies,
decisions that are detrimental to the interests of Thales may be taken, without
Thales necessarily having the means to oppose them

In addition, the risk of disagreement or blockage, inherent in any jointly
controlled entity, exists, particularly in those where important decisions require
the unanimity of members or where there are limited exit rights

Furthermore, the application of management rules and principles in these
entities may differ from those adopted by Thales for entities over which it
exerts exclusive control. This also means that the ability to carry out analysis
and give instructions regarding financial or operational data, or even to
access this data, may be more limited than in the entities over which Thales
exerts exclusive control

As a result, the Group aims to define appropriate governance methods by
seeking to be represented on the Board of directors (or a similar decision-

(1) See note 17 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 83 and 84.
(2) Non-GAAP measure, see definition on page 8.
(3) See note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended on page 47.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

making body), and more generally, to negotiate contractual provisions that
are in Thales’ best interests

1.122 Legal and compliance risks

1.1221 Compliance with laws and regulations

The Group operates its business in a strict and evolving complex legal and
regulatory environment, both nationally and internationally.

The legal and regulatory framework in which Thales operates covers a
broad range of areas, relating in particular to company law, financial market
regulation, fiscal legislation, labour law, export control and measures to
combat corruption and money laundering

Thales is able to monitor developments within this legal and regulatory
framework through its international network. The Company is not always able
to foresee them, however, and in this respect its business could be affected

Despite the steps taken by Thales as a Company to comply with all applicable
legislation, risks still exist due to their inherent nature, the interpretative powers
of regulatory agents, the extraterritorial reach of certain regulations, and
changes in legal/judicial precedent and sanctioning powers.

In most cases, regulators in conjunction with the judicial authorities have
the right to initiate legal proceedings, which could expose the Group or its
employees to civil, administrative or criminal rulings. Such a ruling could,
if applicable, involve a temporary ban on trading, which would in turn
have an adverse impact on the Group's profitability and financial position

Using a risk map validated by the Risk Management Committee, the Audit,
Risks & Internal Control Department carries out assessments and audits of the
implementation and improvement of compliance plans within the Group's
Units. Compliance actions rely for these needs on networks of compliance
officers who may be specialists (export control), on risk advisors in charge
of the prevention of each of the major risks identified and monitored by
the Risk Assessment Commitiee, or on a dedicated organisation as regards
international trade (see below)

The Audit, Risks & Internal Control Department takes into account these
compliance areas when preparing its audit plan.

Regular reports are submitted to the Audit and Accounts Committee of the
Thales Board of directors, which in turn may issue compliance audit directives
within the entire Group.

a) Management of commercial activities

Because of its presence in more than 50 countries and the diversity of
its markets and business segments, Thales is subject to national laws,
particularly those resulting from the transposition of international conventions
(OECD convention, UN convention to fight corruption, European Union
convention, Council of Europe conventions, etc.) and to international norms
and standards to fight corruption

Infringement of these laws could have serious legal and financial
consequences for the individuals or entities concerned. It could also have a
significant impact on the image and reputation of the Group as a whole.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 12 ---

In response to the regulatory requirements in terms of prevention of corruption
and business ethics in general, Thales has for a number of years operated
a strict international compliance and integrity programme. It is implemented
on the basis of a coherent set of directives that is included in the Group's
reference system, dedicated units and independent control resources.

The corruption risk prevention programme, which is assessed regularly
and modified to reflect changes in legislation, and in external and internal
risks, was certified by Mazars and by ADIT in July 2014. The ADIT/
Mazars benchmark is compliant with national and international laws and
regulations concerning the fight against corruption (French law, the United
Kingdom Bribery Act, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA],
the OECD AntiBribery Convention on Bribery of Foreign Public Officials
in International Business Transactions), the tenth principle of the United
Nations Global Compact and best practices in terms of anti-corruption
procedures. Furthermore, this benchmark is focused on five main areas
{control environment, risk assessment, control, monitoring, information and
communication) set out in over 200 control points. It was validated by an
International Advisory Board and by the Central Anti-Corruption Service
(Service Central de Prévention de la Corruption - SCPC) of the French
Ministry of Justice.

The risks inherent in sales are borne in mind in all the business management
processes. From the preliminary phase of a project, these operating processes
envisage action plans to mitigate business risks, focusing particularly on the
prevention of corruption

Thales strictly governs the use of agents and consultants through a very
detailed procedure, which requires in-depth preliminary verifications (due
diligence} ~ reinforced by the analysis of red flags or risk factors, as well
as appropriate representations and engagements from these consultants.
Designed by the Group's Ethics & Corporate Responsibility Department,
this procedure is regularly revised in conjunction with the Group's Legal
Depariment and the Sales Department.

In addition, to underpin its strategy of strengthening its presence internationally
and its establishment in target countries, Thales vets and selects local
industrial partners. The qualification and selection process is designed to
secure sustainable partnerships with domestic industrial players meeting
a set of criteria relating to integrity and business ethics, competence and
expertise. This system, updated in 2014, is part of a process of deploying
adapted and reasonable measures for prior verification (due diligence)
concerning third parties.

An international, dedicated network, independent of the operational
commercial structures, conducts the verifications required, enhanced by
outside studies and diagnostics performed by companies that specialise in
business intelligence — during the vetting and selection phases for agents,
consultants and local industrial partners for Thales.

In addition, by relying on risk mapping and rigorous internal control
procedures, Thales’ Audit, Risks & Internal Control Department regularly
conducts compliance and integrity audit missions which cover all processes
to manage commercial risks.

Thales is particularly keen to make its employees aware of ethical business
conduct as soon as they join the Group. Adherence and accountability
are key to the awareness and training model designed by the Ethics and
Corporate Responsibility Department. A broad array of tools (Code of

{1) Advancing UK AeroSpace, Defence & Security Industries.
(2) AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of Europe.

(3) Intemational Chamber of Commerce.

(4) International Business Community, representing 22 employer organisations.
(5) International Organisation for Standardisation.

{6} International Forum on Business Ethical Conduct.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

Ethics, reference guide, best practice guides, etc.) and training sessions
(face-toface training and elearning) is available to staff throughout their
professional careers. Special attention is paid to employees involved in the
sales processes, project management and purchasing. The training plan for
“Business Ethics and Preventing Corruption”, which is worldwide in scope,
is as a priority intended for this group of employees.

Thales also continues to disseminate and foster best practices among its
suppliers and subcontractors, requiring them to subscribe to the terms of its
Purchasing & Corporate Responsibility Charter. In this connection, in France
in 2012 Thales received government recognition for responsible supplier
relations. This is a three-year label given to French businesses that have
demonstrated long-term balanced relations with their suppliers.

Thales also actively participates in national professional organisations
(MEDEF, GIFAS, ADS!"), etc.) and international organisations (ASD”!, ICC"),
B20", etc.) dealing with business ethics, and within the working groups
of intergovernmental organisations (OECD, United Nations, ISO"), etc.). In
September 2013, Thales signed the recommendations of the Chairmen and
CEOs of member companies in the B20 "Transparency and Anticorruption”
Task Force intended for Heads of State of the G20, which call on them to
step up the fight against corruption by facilitating the emergence of new
approaches (industry actions, public/private sector dialogue, etc.)

The Group actively participates in a variety of initiatives in the fight against
corruption, both at European level (Business Ethics Committee of the ASD)
and under the global sectoral initiative of the Aeronautics and Defence
industries (IFBEC®) whose most recent world forum took place in Brussels
in November 2014.

Thales is also a stakeholder in international standardisation work carried out
within the ISO on compliance and anti-corruption programmes.

At the same time, since 2012, Thales has been ranked by TI - an NGO
working to combat corruption worldwide - as one of the top 10 companies
of the Defence sector. The Transparency International report”) published in
October 2012 presents an analysis of the corruption prevention programmes
of the world’s biggest defence sector companies. The companies are
assessed in five areas (leadership, governance and organisation — risk
assessment — company codes and policies — training — personnel and
helplines) with regard to the ethics and anti-corruption systems they have
put in place.

Lastly, for the third consecutive year, Thales obtained the “Global Compact
Advanced" level of the UN Global Compact, which, by respecting 21
specific criteria, is the highest level of reporting and performance in
responsible development. Of the 8,300 companies that are members of the
Global Compact, only 400 have obtained the Global Compact Advanced
level to date, including 40 French companies

b) Export control

Exports account for a significant proportion of Thales’ business. Many
of the Group's products and systems are designed for military or dual
use applications. Consequently, the export of these products or systems
to customers located outside Thales’ domestic markets where they are
manufactured, particularly in the defence sector, may be subject to limitations,
export licences or specific export controls (imposed by the countries in
which Thales operates, as well as by other countries where the suppliers of

(7) Defence Companies Anticorruption Index 2012 Transparency International ~ hitp://companies.defenceindex.org/teport

THALES

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5


--- Page 13 ---

12

20

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

3.45

component products or technologies are based, most notably the United
States)

There are no guarantees that (i) the export controls to which Thales is subject
will not be tightened, (ii) new-generation products or systems developed by
Thales will not be subject to similar or tighter controls and, (iii) geopolitical
factors will not make it impossible for Thales or its suppliers to obtain export
licences for certain customers or make it more difficult for Thales to execute
previously signed contracts. Further limitations on access to military markets
would thus have a negative impact on Thales’ business, profitability and
financial position

Thales has put in place systems and formal procedures to ensure compliance
with applicable regulations and controls, and reinforces these measures
through awarenessraising programmes with dedicated elearning modules
and alerts on legislative and regulatory changes relating to export control that
are relevant to Thales’ business. Operating Units have access to a network
of specialists within the Group, in charge of monitoring the application
within operational units of compliance rules determined at Group level
as well as monitoring the necessary authorisations and conformity of their
implementation

<) Competition
Thales’ business activities are subject to a wide range of national and

international regulations mainly aimed at combating anti-competitive
practices

Infringement of these rules could lead to severe sanctions, such as fines,
payment of damages, and legal bans. They could also have a serious
impact on the Group's reputation

To avoid any such infringements, Thales has initiated an awareness-aising
programme to these rules, in particular through the rollout of a dedicated
elearning tool and training programmes

d) Intellectual property

Thales is exposed to two main types of intellectual property risk: dependence
on third-party technology and third-party actions against the Company for
perceived infringement of their intellectual property rights

To reduce the tisk of reliance on critical third-party technology, Thales has
implemented an identification process and management of each situation
with a precise, strategic “Make/Team/Buy” (MTB) plan

Given the nature of its activities and the specific features of its products,
Thales conducts most of its research and development work in-house and
controls the technology which is critical to the business. Thales’ extensive
intellectual property portfolio (over 15,000 patents, as well as software and
know-how} and its presence throughout the value chain (equipment, systems
and systems of systems) reduce its reliance on third-party technology. As a
result, Thales’ dependence on such technology can be considered very low.

To reduce the risk of third-party actions for alleged infringement of their
intellectual property rights by Thales entities, the Group identifies and
analyses this risk in the context of its own patent filing procedures and/or
when embarking on technical research or product development.

In the event of a third-party infringement claim against a Thales company,
the legal and technical analysis of the allegedly infiinging products and
intellectual property rights are handled centrally by Thales experts, with the
assistance of specialist external consultants where needed

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

11.222 Litigation
Due to the nature of its business activities, Thales is exposed to the risk of
technical and commercial litigation

To prevent disputes or limit their impact, Thales’ policy is to systematically
seek alternative methods of dispute resolution. This policy is reviewed on a
regular basis to take into account changes in the Company's core areas of
business and is backed by employee training programmes.

In addition, Thales implemented a procedure several years ago to centralise
all civil and criminal litigation and claims. These are handled by the Group
Legal and Contracts Department, with the support of the Group companies
concerned.

Atthe end of 2002, a group of French manufacturers, including Thales and
one of its subsidiaries, collectively received a request for arbitration relating
to the execution of old contracts. In proportion to each industrial partner's
involvement, Thales would have been liable for around 20% of the total
claim of $260 million. Under an agreement signed in 2003, the client
withdrew its request for arbitration

In November 2012, the claimant filed a new request for arbitration for a
revised amount of €226m. The Industrial Partners are strongly challenging
this claim and at this date it is not possible to evaluate any potential financial
tisk. Consequently, Thales has not recognised any provision. This procedure
is still in process

The Company is not aware of any other governmental, legal or arbitration
procedures, pending or threatened, that are likely to have or that have had
a significant impact on the financial situation or profitability of the Company
and/or Group over the last 12 months.

1123 Financial risks

1.1231 — Liquidity

The Group's liquidity risk is the risk of it being unable to meet its cash
needs out of its financial resources. In particular, it relates to Thales’ level
of exposure to changes in the main market indicators that could lead to an
increase in the cost of credit, or even to a temporary limitation of access to
external sources of financing,

The Group manages this risk by trying to anticipate its cash needs and
ensures that these are covered by the Group's shorterm and long-term
financial resources as follows

m shareholders’ equity, listed by heading in note 8 to the consolidated
financial statements;

= gross debt, listed by maturity in note 6 to the consolidated financial
statements;

committed, undrawn credit facilities granted by banks as backup to the
commercial paper programme and acting as a financial reserve. These
are described in more detail in note 6 to the consolidated financial
statements

The principle of centralising the entities’ shortterm assets and liabilities (cash
pooling) is applied to the combination of entities in the same currency zone
(euro zone, sterling zone, dollar zone and Australian dollar zone, etc.) and,
in some cases, in the same country.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 14 ---

Through the consolidation and centralisation of cash requirements and
surpluses of its Units, the Group is in a position to

= simplify cash management and match the cash positions of units to
produce a single consolidated position that is easier to manage; and

= gain prime access to financial markets through the parent company’s
financing programmes, rated by Standard & Poor's and Moody's (see
below)

At 31 December 2014, cash recorded under consolidated assets amounted
to €2,481.4m (compared with €2,563.7m at end-201 3}, including

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

= €2,051.4m held by the parent company and available for immediate
use (€2,051.7m in 2013);

= €430m in the bank credit balances of subsidiaries (€512m in 2013),
most of them outside of France. This figure includes, inter alia, payments
received in the last few days of the financial year and subsequently
transferred to the corporate treasury account.

Cash at bank and equivalents at yearend is solely invested in bank deposits,
in very short-term bank certificates of deposit with firsttier banks or in money
market funds. At the date of publication, Thales’ credit risk ratings were as
follows:

Moody’s Standard & Poor's
Medium and longterm loans AQ BBB+
Outlook Negative Stable
Commercial paper & shortterm loans Prime] A2

A decrease of Thales’ credit risk rating would not place at risk financial
covenants included in financing contracts. The coming into effect of the
unique clause providing for accelerated repayment would only apply in the
event that the State no longer held its golden share and, simultaneously, the
ratio of consolidated net financial debt to EBITDA (earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortisation) were to exceed 3

A lower rating would result in an increase (capped) in the margins applicable
to the committed credit facility of €1.5bn (described in note 6 to the
consolidated financial statements}; at the same time, these margins would
be improved (with a minimum threshold) in the event of a rating upgrade.

11.232 Interest rates

Thales is exposed to interest rate volatility and in particular its impact on the
conditions associated with variable-+ate financing. To limit this risk, Thales
operates an active policy of interest rate hedging

The Corporate Financing and Treasury Department consolidates data on
Thales’ exposure to interest rate risk and uses the appropriate financial
instruments to hedge those risks.

Thales policy is to control interest rate and counterpart risks and to optimise
its funding and banking operations

The breakdown of Thales’ debt by type of interest rate is described in note
6 to the consolidated financial statements. The table below summarises the
Group's exposure to interest rate risk before and after hedging. Based on
the Group's average net cash (taking into account hedging instruments), a
1% tise in interest rates would have a positive impact on net financial interest
in 2014 of €8.4m (compared to €1 2m in 2013)

<1 year > year Total

(€ million) Fixed rate Variable rate Fixedrate Variable rate Fixed rate Variable rate
Financial liabilities (22.2) (86.0) (1,387.2) (36.5) (1,409.4) (122.5)
Financial assets - 2,538.2 - - - 2,538.2
Net exposure before taking account of derivatives (22.2) 2,452.2 (1,387.2) (36.5) (1,409.4) 2,415.7
Derivatives (4.9) 49 981.8 (981.8) 976.9 (976.9)
Net exposure after taking account of derivatives (27.1) 2,457.1 (405.4) (1,018.3) (432.5) 1,438.8

1.1233 Foreign exchange

Due to the international nature of its business, Thales is exposed to the risk
of exchange rate fluctuations.

a) Business-related currency risk

Businesselated currency risk occurs when some of the business is billed in
a currency other than that of the related costs.

a. As a general rule, Thales is structurally immune to exchange rate
fluctuations for a significant part of its business activity. More than
40% of Thales’ sales are generated in the euro zone, which is also
where most of its industrial operations are located. More generally, the
reinforcement of the Group's international industrial footprint allows the
Company to manufacture and invoice in local currency, which helps
to reduce exchange rate risk on local sales

THALES

b. The accounts of Thales subsidiaries located in countries where the
official currency is not the euro are translated into euros in the Group's
consolidated financial statements. A fall in these currencies against the
euro is likely to have a negative impact on the accounts. Its impact on
profitability is limited, however, since the cost base of these subsidiaries
is essentially in the same currency as their sales. The main currencies are
the Pound sterling, the US dollar, the Canadian dollar and the Australian
Dollar.

¢. For certain Group businesses (civil avionics and tubes, civil space, etc.),
the US dollar ("USD") is the reference transaction currency. For business
activities outside the dollar zone (the in-flight entertainment business is
based essentially in the United States and is therefore largely immune
to this risk], a specific currency risk hedging policy is implemented

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5

21


--- Page 15 ---

12345

22

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

@ For equipment transactions (avionics and tubes}, this policy is defined on
the basis of sales forecasts in USD, after accounting for corresponding
purchases in USD. For these transactions, net exposure to dollar risk
represents around 3.5% of the Group's total sales for 2014.

@ For longer-term programmes in markets traditionally denominated in
USD (primarily in civil space), each bid is examined for profitability
in the light of the effect of currency fluctuations, after accounting for
corresponding purchases in USD, and, if necessary, is specifically
hedged through market transactions (forward exchange-rate contracts
and options)

Where necessary, a similar approach is adopted for other Thales
activities if a customer specifically requires a contract denominated in
USD on an ad hoc basis

Overall, net exposure represented around 3.5% of the Group's total
sales for 2014.

@ As well as this direct dollar risk, which concerned around 7% in total
of consolidated sales at end-2014, the Group is also exposed to an
“indirect” dollar risk on contracts denominated in currencies other than
the dollar. This occurs when it is bidding against companies that benefit
from a cost base in dollars. Analysis by product line and region shows
that approximately one quarter of total sales may be exposed to this
“indirect” dollar risk.

The “dollar risk" is thus the main currency risk that Thales needs to hedge
The figures correspondling to the hedging of businessrelated dollar risk are
a follows

= USD 3,191m, the amount of financial instruments hedging net firm
commitments (USD risk against the euro, Canadian dollar and pound
sterling) at 31 December 2014 compared with USD 2,495m at

1 December 2013;

= USD 198m, the amount of financial instruments hedging bids in USD
against the euro, Canadian dollar and pound sterling at 31 December
2014 compared to USD 281m at 31 December 2013

Operating receivables and payables denominated in foreign currency are
exchange-rate hedged and therefore not exposed to currency risk.

The change in value of financial instruments (forward transactions) used
as cash flow hedges is recognised in shareholders’ equity. A decrease
(increase) of 5% in the US dollar compared to the Euro, Pound sterling and
Canadian dollar, would have increased (decreased) shareholders’ equity
by approximately €132m at 31 December 2014, compared with €103m
at 31 December 2013. The premium/discount component is not eligible
to cash flow hedge accounting and is recognised through profit and loss
In 2014, the change in market value of the discount/premium was +€7m

The change in value of financial instruments matched with portfolios of sales
offers which are not eligible for hedge accounting is recognised in profit and
loss. A decrease [increase] of 5% in the US dollar compared to the euro,
pound sterling and Canadian dollar, would have increased (decreased)
the result by approximately €2m at 31 December 2014, compared with
€2m at 31 December 2013

Foreign currency-denominated financial debt does not generate any exposure
in profit and loss, as it is either denominated in the functional currency of the
entity in which it is recognised, or is used as a net foreign investment hedge.

b) Management of risks relating to foreign currency-
denominated assets

The Group may hedge a portion of its foreign currency-denominated assets,

mainly those likely to be disposed of at a future date. The main criteria for

determining whether or not a given foreign currency-denominated asset

should be hedged are as follows

a the nature of the business involved;

m the structure of Thales’ commitment with respect to jointh-held companies,
in particular the specific features of the shareholders’ agreement in each
joint venture:

The actual application of this policy also depends on

a the objective of optimising hedges in the light of market conditions
(availability of foreign currency, interest rates, hedging rate, etc.);

m the risks inherent in the future value of the assets being hedged and the
nature of the business of the corresponding subsidiaries

SUMMARY OF ASSET RISKS AT 31 DECEMBER 2014 FOR THE MAIN CURRENCIES,

(€ million) GBP usb AUD
Assets 1,883.1 1,120.7 805.1
Liabilities 2,099.6 872.8 447.9
Net position before management (216.5) 247.9 357.2
Offbalance-sheet position - - -
NET POSITION AFTER MANAGEMENT (216.5) 247.9 357.2

11234 Shares

Thales was not exposed to any significant equity risk at end-2014, excluding
the risk on treasury shares.

At 31 December 2014, Thales held 1,876,732 treasury shares,
representing 0.90% of the share capital

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

11235  Off-balance-sheet commitments

a) Pension commitments

Defined-benefit pension plans are in place for certain Thales employees,
mainly in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, and are externally
funded by the Company under the provisions of the applicable national
legislation

At 31 December 2014, Thales’ commitments in the United Kingdom and
the Netherlands toward current employees (access to these plans has been
closed to new employees in the UK|, former employees and retired employees
amounted to €5,429.3m for both countries, hedged by €4,189.8m in

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 16 ---

investments, representing an underlying shortfall of €1,239.5m. At 31
December 2014, these investments consisted of.

= 34% in equities;

= 39% in fixed-rate bonds;

= 11% in inflationlinked bonds;

= 7% in alternative liquid investments;

= 8% in alternative longterm investments (e.g. real estate, infrastructure, etc.);
= 1% in cash

Changing market parameters could affect the amount of the shortfall and
the annual costs of defined-benefit plans. At 31 December 2014, the main
risk variables were as follows, listed in order of importance:

= a reduction or increase in the discount rate applied to liabilities, which
could increase or reduce the unfunded status; this variable is partly offset
by changes in the value of fixedrate hedging bonds held as plan assets
and interest rate swaps;

changes in the total return on invesiments in equities and other assets;

changes in the forecast inflation rate;

a substantial change in mortality tables;
= exchange rate fluctuations (mainly sterling against the euro).

Thales has introduced quarterly reporting on its pension plan positions
and makes regular projections measuring the sensitivity of unfunded status
to possible changes in market parameters taking into account correlation
factors. In some countries, such as the UK and the Netherlands, Thales is
committed to defined-benefit pension schemes, but plan assets are managed
by trustees in accordance with the applicable regulations and in consultation
with the Group. Plan assets are allocated with regard to the longterm maturity
of the commitments they cover.

b) Parent company guarantees

Thales, as the parent company, issues guarantees on commitments undertaken
by its subsidiaries on commercial contracts. These guarantees are centralised
by the Group Corporate Financing & Treasury Department.

Guarantees are issued out of an envelope of €3bn dedicated each year to
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer by the Board of directors. Prior
to each renewal of the authority granted to the Chairman & Chief Executive
Officer, the Group's Treasury and Funding Department reports to the Board
of directors on the level of use of this envelope, based on the monitoring
carried out by the Group Corporate Financing & Treasury Department.

At 31 December 2014, outstanding guarantees issued by the parent
company in support of its subsidiaries stood at €13,161m. This figure
includes all commitments given in relation to Thales Alenia Space (matched
by a counter-guarantee from Finmeccanica in proportion to its 33% interest
in Thales Alenia Space}

Thales manages risks connected to these parent company guarantees and
optimises the financial conditions of the transactions guaranteed. The main
objectives of this risk management policy are as follows:

to limit risks to those corresponding to normal commitments on commercial
contracts, particularly in terms of volume and duration;

to limit the issue of guarantees to commitments made by wholly-owned
subsidiaries, with guarantees on commitments by consortia or joint ventures
only in proportion to the Group's equity interest or counter-guaranteed by
the other shareholder in proportion to its interest;

to enable its subsidiaries to benefit, when appropriate, from the credit
rating of the parent company by controlling the financial conditions of
the transactions guaranteed.

THALES

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

Client credit

Credit risk relates to the risk that a party to a contract will default on its
commitments or fail to pay what it owes.

1.1.2.3.6

a) Risk relating to failure of a private sector customer

Non-governmental customers (aircraft manufacturers, airlines, private
infrastructure operators and industry) account for approximately 25% of
Thales’ sales. These customers may encounter major and/or prolonged
financial difficulties that could lead to payment defaults or order cancellations.
Such occurrences could have a negative impact on Thales’ sales, profitability
and financial position

To mitigate these risks, Thales conducts regular analysis of the ability of
customers to meet their obligations. When necessary, Thales may request
bank guarantees or corporate guarantees, or may use credit insurers.

b) Credit risk relating to Public Sector customers

Public, Government and institutional customers account for around 75%
of Thales’ sales. Thales works with a large number of countries. Some of
these could present a significant credit risk which could, for example, lead
them to suspend an order in production, or make them be unable to pay
on delivery, as agreed under the terms of the contract. To limit its exposure
to these risks, Thales takes out insurance with export credit agencies (such
as Coface in France) or private insurers

At 31 December 2014, only two customers accounted for annual sales for
Thales in excess of €500m: the French State (around €2.5bn) and the UK
government (approx. €1bn). At 31 December 2014, these two countries
still had firstclass or high-quality ratings (France AA by S&P and Aal by
Moody's; UK AAA by S&P and Aal by Moody's}

124 Insurance

Thales’ Insurance and Risk Management Department, based at head office
and reporting to the SEVP Finance & Information Systems, is responsible
for the Group's insurance activities and insurable risk management. It is in
charge of Group operations and oversees policy implementation by Group
companies

The Group covers the financial consequences of the risk of accidental
damage suffered or caused by property or people using appropriate
insurance policies with leading international insurance and reinsurance
companies

The insurance policies arranged by the Group to cover these major risks
relate fo areas such as

= damage to property and consequent operating losses;

transport;

testing and development;

aviation liability, including liability for aeronautical products and hull/
test flight insurance;

civil ability for space products;

risks of damage to or by naval vessels by subsidiaries, as naval equipment
suppliers;

general third-party liability;

environmental liability;
liability of executive officers and directors;

1 individual accident — repatriation assistance for employees on assignment.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5

23


--- Page 17 ---

12

24

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

3.45

Whilst certain damageable events were notified to insurers, the Group had
no major loss in 2014

Thales’ policy is to arrange cover on the insurance market based on the rates
and limits that it considers reasonable, in view of the conditions offered by
the market. Limits are applicable to insurance for major risks, while general
exclusions for the entire market (e.g. asbestos) also apply to Thales.

The maximum coverage limit of €1.3bn in 2014 for damage to property
and consequent business interruptions takes into account an estimate of the
maximum loss caused to an industrial site which the Group could incur for
direct damages and business interruptions.

Levels of liability cover depend on the quantification of a reasonable claim
expectancy for Thales, as identified by the risk map of the main business
activities and at Group level, and on cover capacity available on the
insurance market. The insurance coverage for aviation liability commitments,
which is covered by a specific programme, amounts to USD 2bn

The insurance industry, which was affected by the recent financial crisis, is
still trying to reduce its overall risk exposure. We are witnessing an increase
in insurance premiums, a rise in deductibles and additional limits on the
scope of cover. In addition, there are fewer insurers with the necessary
resources and financial capacity to insure major industrial risks. There are
no guarantees that Thales will be able in the future to maintain current levels
of insurance under similar financial conditions.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

In order to reduce its exposure to insurance market volatility, Thales insures
major risks on a twotier basis:

the Group's contribution, through captive insurance and reinsurance
companies, towards the settlement of claims, to a maximum net
retention of €12m per year, for damage to property and consequent
business interruptions, transport, general third-party liability, testing and
development and space risks;

= transfer to insurers of payment for catastrophic losses.

An active Prevention and Protection policy for industrial sites is designed
to reduce the magnitude and frequency of the accidental risks of fire or
explosion and to detect other exposures, such as environmental or natural
disasters and the vulnerability of critical industrial facilities. In 2014, more
than 80% of the assets insured were the subject of a “multi peril” audit by
the insurers during their visits to the principal operating sites and infrared
thermography inspections by an outside organisation specialised in the
prevention of electrical damage.

In accordance with Group processes, measures were taken to minimise
business interruption and the consequences of any unforeseen events. An
organisational structure and crisis management tools are in place to deal as
efficiently as possible with the immediate consequences of a catastrophic
event and to take the necessary emergency measures.

Thales continues to roll out professional indemnity cover for its staff. In
addition, specific and/or local cover has been arranged to comply with
the regulations in force and to satisfy the specific requirements of certain
activities or projects, particularly public-private partnerships.

www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 18 ---

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

1.1.3 SOCIAL, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIETAL INFORMATION

Table of reconciliation decree No. 2012-557 of 24 April 2012

In accordance with decree no. 2012-557 of 24 April 2012 and with Article
R. 225-105-1 of the French Commercial Code on transparency obligations
for companies on social and environmental matters, in its management
report, Thales provides information on the Group's social, environmental and
societal issues. This information, which has been verified by a declaration

of inclusion and an assurance report moderated by independent verifiers,
presented on pages 239 et seq. for the social, environmental and societal
data, is presented in full in chapter 5 on “Corporate Responsibility” in this
registration document

Decree no. 2012 - 557 of 24 April 2012 Page Section
1) SOCIAL INFORMATION 206 5.1 SOCIAL INFORMATION
a) Employment 206 5.1.1 A responsible employment policy
Total workforce and breakdown of employees by gender, age 206 5.1.1.1 Employment in the Group
and geographical area 215 5.1.6 Gender equality and diversity
Rectuitments and redundancies/dismissals 208 5.1.1.2 Rectuitments
208 5.1.1.3 Departures
Remuneration and salary progression 213 5.1.4 AGroup employee profitsharing policy
b) Organisation of work
Organisation of working hours 215 5.1.5.5 Working time
Absenteeism 215 5.1.5.3 _ Information on workrelated accidents and absenteeism
¢) Employee relations
Organisation of social dialogue, especially procedures for 210 5.1.2.1 Collective bargaining
providing information to and consulting with staff and negotiating 210 5.1.2.2 Appropriate social dialogue bodies
on her of collective agreements
d) Health & safety
Health and safety conditions at work 214 5.1.5 A safe and healthy working environment: workplace

Summary of health and safety agreements entered into with trade
union organisations or employee representatives with regard to
health and safety at work

Frequency and severity of workrelated accidents and sick leave 215
and occupational influences

health and safety

5.1.5.3 Information on work+elated accidents and absenteeism

e) Training
Policies implemented for training 212 5.1.3.5 Training
Total number of training hours
f)_Equal opportunities
Measures taken to promote gender equality 215 5.1.6 Gender equality and diversity
Measures taken to promote the employment and integration of — 216 5.1.6.2.2 The employment of people with disabilities throughout the
disabled persons world
216 5.1.6.2.3 The employment of people with disabilities in France
232 5.3.1.2 Group initiative to support people with disabilities
Antidiscrimination policy 215 5.1.6 Gender equality and diversity
216 5.1.6.2 __ Promoting cultural diversity
g) Promotion of and compliance with the International Labour Organisation fundamental conventions:
Respect for freedom of association and right to collective 214 5.1.5 A safe and healthy working environment: workplace
bargaining health and safety
215 5.1.6 Gender equality and diversity

Elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and
occupation

Elimination of forced or compulsory labour

Effective abolition of child labour

THALES REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5

25


--- Page 19 ---

12345

26

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

Decree no. 2012 - 557 of 24 April 2012 Page Section
2) ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION 220 BA ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
a) General policy 220 5.2.1 General policy on environmental issues
Organisation of the Company to take account of environmental 221 §.2.1.2 Environmental organisation
questions and, if applicable, environmental assessment and 222 5.2.1.4 Control and prevention of environmental risks and
certification processes pollution
Employee training and information training initiatives on 221 §.2.1.3 Stakeholders training and information
protection of the environment
Measures taken to prevent environmental risks and pollution 222 5.2.1.4 Control and prevention of environmental risks and
pollution
Amount of provisions and guarantees set aside for environmental 223 5.2.1.5 Guarantees, provisions and compensation
risks
b) Pollution and waste management 223 5.2.2 Pollution and waste management
Measures taken to prevent, reduce and clean up discharges into 223 5.2.2.1 Limiting discharges
the air, water and soil seriously affecting the environment 230 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
Measures taken to prevent, recycle and eliminate waste 223 §.2.2.2 Preventing production, recycling and eliminating waste
230 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
Mitigation of noise and other forms of pollution related to a 224 5.2.2.3 Fighting pollution
business activity
¢) Sustainable use of resources 224 5.2.3 Sustainable use of resources
Water consumption and supply in accordance with local 224 5.2.3.1 Consumption of water and measures to improve its
constraints efficient use
230 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
Consumption of raw materials and measures taken to improve 224 §.2.3.2 Consumption of raw materials and measures to improve
efficiency of their use their efficient use
228 5.2.6.1 _ Innovation for the development of green technologies
Energy consumption, measures taken to improve energy 225 5.2.3.3 Energy consumption and, where applicable, measures to
efficiency and use of renewable energy improve energy efficiency and renewable energy use
230 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
land use 225 §.2.3.4 land use
d) Climate change 225 5.2.4 Fighting climate change
Greenhouse gas emissions 225 5.2.4.1 Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from activities
230 5.2.7 Environmental indicators
Adaptation to the consequences of climate change 226 5.2.4.2 Contribution to fighting climate change
e) Protection of biodiversity 227 5.2.5 Protection of biodiversity
Measures taken to preserve and develop biodiversity 227 5.2.5 Protection of biodiversity
REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014 THALES www.thalesgroup.com


--- Page 20 ---

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

Group management report

Decree no. 2012 - 557 of 24 April 2012 Page Section
3) INFORMATION ON SOCIETAL COMMITMENTS IN FAVOUR OF 232 5.3 SOCIETAL INFORMATION
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
a) Territorial, economic and social impact of the Company's 232 5.3.1 Territorial, economic and social impact of the Group's
activities activities
In terms of regional employment and development 232 5.3.1.1 Regional policies and actions of Geris Consultants in
on resident or local populations France
b) Relations with people or organisations with an interest in the 233 5.3.2 Stakeholder relationships
Company's activities, especially associations for inclusion,
teaching establishments, associations for defence of the
environment, consumer associations and local residents’
associations
Conditions for dialogue with these people or organisations 233 §.3.2.1 Partnerships with professional, international and non-
governmental organisations
Partnership or sponsorship operations 209 §.1.1.4.3 Educational partners and links with schools and students
227 24.24 In the definition of international standards and
partnerships
227 5.2.5 Protection of biodiversity
233 §.3.2.2 Thales initiatives with charitable organisations
¢) Subcontractors and suppliers 234 3.3 Relations with suppliers: a responsible approach
Recognition of social and environmental issues in the procurement 221 §.2.1.3.2 Involving suppliers
policy 234 5.3.3 Relations with suppliers: a responsible approach
Importance of subcontracting and recognition of subcontractors’ +222 5.2.13.3 — Relations with stakeholders
and suppliers’ corporate responsibility in relations with them 227 52424 In the definition of international standards and
partnerships
227 5.2.5 Protection of biodiversity
234 5.3.3 Relations with suppliers: a responsible approach
d) Fair business practices 235 5.3.4 Loyal practices
Actions undertaken to prevent corruption 235 5.3.4.1 Anticorruption
238 5.3.5 Societal indicators
Measures taken to ensure consumer health and safety 236 5.3.4.2 Health and safety of consumers
e) Other actions undertaken to promote Human Rights 235 5.3.4 Loyal practices
214 5.1.5 A safe and healthy working environment: workplace
health and safety
215 5.1.6 Gender equality and diversity
229 5.2.6.2 — Ecoresponsible products
237 5.3.4.3 Actions to support Human Rights
239 5.4 Statutory auditors’ independent third-party report

on consolidated social, environmental and societal
information published in the management report

1.1.4 EVENTS SINCE YEAR-END

No significant events after reporting period

THALES

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

123 4 5

27


--- Page 21 ---

12

28

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2014

345 Group management report
1.1.5 | SUMMARY STATEMENT OF SHARE TRANSACTIONS IN 2014 CARRIED OUT BY
DIRECTORS, NON-VOTING DIRECTORS AND RELATED PERSONS

In accordance with Article 223-26 of the General Regulations of the French Related persons in the sense of Article L. 621-1 8-2 c} of the French Monetary

Financial Markets Authority (AME) and Financial Code are people who have, under the conditions defined

In accordance with Article L. 621-18-2 a) of the French Monetary and by decree in the Council of State, close personal relations with the people

Financial Code, the members of the Board of directors are subject fo this 'Ndicated in Article L. 621-18:2 o] and b) above:

disclosure requirement To the best of the Company's knowledge, the following disclosures have

Pursuant to Article L. 621-18-2 b) of the French Monetary and Financial been made fo the AMF for publication on its website {hitp://www.omF

Code, the Company has declared to the AMF that all members of the ance-org)

Executive Committee come under the category of non-voting directors in

respect of obligations to declare share transactions

Total amount of transaction

Director's name Financial instrument Type of transaction lin €) Unit price(in €)

Patrice Caine Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 35,400.00 29.50
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 102,030.00 34.01
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 109,410.00 36.47

Physical person

related to P. Caine Shares Sale 322,759.44 44.8277

Alex Cresswell Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 44,655.13 34.01
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 151,248.00 32.88
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 263,400.00 26.34
Shares Sale 61,054.50 46.50
Shares Sale 213,900.00 46.50
Shares Sale 448,041.80 44.8041
FCPE investment fund units Sale 18,912.47 62.16
FCPE investment fund units Sale 7,199.53 48.05

Jean-Loic Galle Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 56,050.00 29.50
Shares Sale 82,175.00 43.25

Michel Mathieu Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 136,040.00 34.01
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 136,040.00 34.01
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 7,890.32 34.01
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 128,149.68 34.01
Shares Sale 167,984.39 41.996
Shares Sale 168,840.00 42.21
Shares Sale 10,024.72 43.21
Shares Sale 162,815.28 43.21

Physical person

related to M. Mathieu — Shares Sale 14,968.80 41.58
Shares Sale 14,979.60 41.61
Shares Sale 15,123.60 42.01
Shares Sale 15,066.00 41.85
Shares Sale 15,066.00 41.85
Shares Sale 15,164.16 1226

Hervé Multon Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 29,500.00 29.50
Shares Sale 44,500.00 44.50

Pierre Eric Pommellet Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 493,200.00 32.88
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 120,351.00 36.47
Other financial instruments Exercise of stock options 255,075.00 34.01
Shares Sale 345,675.00 46.09
Shares Sale 152,097.00 46.09
Shares Sale 691,350.00 46.09

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2014

THALES

www.thalesgroup.com
