

--- Page 1 ---

172

i'1C.1 Business and economic environment

C11 The Siemens Group

C.1.1.1 ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
We are a globally operating technology company with core ac-
tivities in the fields of electrification, automation and digital-
ization, and we occupy leading market positions worldwide in
the majority of our businesses. We can look back on a success-
ful history spanning 167 years, with groundbreaking and revo-
lutionary innovations such as the invention of the dynamo,
the first electric streetcar, the construction of the first public
power plant, and the first images of the inside of the human
body. On a continuing basis, we have around 343,000 employees
as of September 30, 2014 and business activities in nearly all
countries of the world and reported consolidated revenue of
€71.920 billion in fiscal 2014. We operate 289 major produc-
tion and manufacturing plants worldwide. In addition, we have
office buildings, warehouses, research and development facili-
ties or sales offices in almost every country in the world.

Siemens comprises Siemens AG, a stock corporation under the

Federal laws of Germany, as the parent company and a total
of about 800 legal entities, including minority investments.

| Reportable segments as of September 30, 2014

Our Company is incorporated in Germany, with our corporate
headquarters situated in Munich. Siemens operates under the
leadership of its Managing Board. The Siemens Managing
Board is the sole management body and has overall business
responsibility in accordance with the German Stock Corporation
Act (Aktiengesetz, AktG). At all other organizational levels
within our Company, management responsibility is assigned to
individuals who make decisions and assume personal responsi-
bility (CEO principle). This principle establishes clear and direct
responsibilities and fosters efficient decision-making.

Below the Managing Board, Siemens was structured organiza-
tionally into four Sectors (Energy, Healthcare, Industry and
Infrastructure & Cities), Financial Services (SFS), Cross-Sector
Services, Corporate Units and Countries in fiscal 2014. The
Sectors were principally broken down into Divisions and these
in turn into Business Units.

In fiscal 2014, the Sectors formed four of our reportable seg-
ments. In addition to our four Sectors, we had two additional
reportable segments: Equity Investments and SFS. The following
figure shows our reportable segments as of September 30, 2014.

Total Sectors

Healthcare
Sector

Energy
Sector

Industry
Sector

therein therein
> Industry Automation

> Drive Technologies

therein
> Power Generation > Diagnostics
Wind Power

> Power Transmission

Infrastructure & Cities
Sector

Financial
Services

Equity
Investments
therein:
> Transportation &

Logistics
> Power Grid
Solutions & Products
> Building
Technologies

During fiscal 2014, we initiated a change in the organizational
structure of Siemens, which became effective as of October 1,
2014. Beginning with fiscal 2015, we eliminated the Sectors and
bundled the businesses of the former Energy, Industry and
Infrastructure & Cities Sectors into seven reportable segments,

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

which consist of the following Divisions: Power and Gas;
Wind Power and Renewables; Energy Management; Build-
ing Technologies; Mobility; Digital Factory; and Process
Industries and Drives.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 2 ---

| Global presence’

Europe, C.LS.,?
Africa, Middle East My,

revenue (in millions of €)?
3 8,732 i 54% of total worldwide
orders (in millions of €)?
41,542 Hf seu ortense
211,000 #4 sees:
va 62% of total worldwide

major

1 3 9 A production plants?
48% of total worldwide
2

-2 <a

Zoxso~DS)

Americas Il/I{I1j\), Asia, g a
Ny
Mn,

Australia ||'\\;
MN My

18,756 BA scuscimten se 44.433 Eh seemsnitonste
V

20% of total worldwide

20,880 Hf srertenee 15,929 Hh sextnninesio
V

20% of total worldwide

70 7 0 0 0 $f SO ot total worldwide 62 0 0 0 r fp employees’

; 18% of total worldwide
major
76 Fae production plants® major
26% of total worldwide 7 4. i production plants?
26% of total worldwide
| 1. Allfigures refer to continuing operations. 2 Commonwealth of Independent States. 3 By customerlocation. 4 Asof September 30,2014. 5 15 employees or more.
247 | 0. Consolidated Financial Statements
337 Additional Information
213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | C.10 | Compensation Report and legal disclosures
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242 | C11 | Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship of German Commercial Code)

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks

173


--- Page 3 ---

174

The following figure shows the main transfers of the businesses
from the three Sectors Energy, Industry and Infrastructure &
Cities as of September 30, 2014 to these Divisions as of
October 1, 2014.

| Transfer of businesses as of October 1, 2014

Energy Sector

Industry Sector

Infrastructure & Cities Sector

Power | |wind ower| | Trans. Ince tech | |portationa| |Solutionsa| | Tech”
Generation’ root Automation F Aerie a 1
mission nologies Logistics’ Products: nologies
Power Wind Power Energy Digital Process Building
and Manage- Industries Mobility Tech-
and Gas dl Factory 5 5
Renewables’ ment and Drives nologies
1 All businesses except for solutions for oil and gas 2. Beginning with the ai nesses except for rail electrification go to Eneray
industries go to Power and Gas, oil and gas solutions postal automation business is reported jement; Rail electrification goes to Mobility
go to Process Industries and Drives. managed portfolio activities.

For more details on these organizational changes see —> c.1.1.2
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION.

In addition, the former Healthcare Sector became a separately
managed business within Siemens effective October 1, 2014.
The above mentioned seven Divisions together with Health-
care form our Industrial Business.

Beginning of fiscal 2015, Siemens’ reportable segments are as
follows:

| Reportable segments as of October 1, 2014

ludes solar and hydro business.

SFS, which acts as business partner for Siemens'’s other Divi-
sions and Healthcare and also conducts its own business with
external customers, is a reportable segment which is reported
outside our Industrial Business. Beginning with fiscal 2015,
Equity Investments ceased to be a reportable segment and
became part of Centrally managed portfolio activities, which
are reported within the Reconciliation to Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements.

Industrial Business

Power Wind Power Energy Building Digital Process Financial
and Manage- Tech- Mobility 9 Industries Healthcare 5
and Gas + Factory . Services
Renewables ment nologies and Drives
108 | A. | To our Shareholders 131[8. | Corporate Governance 171 |C. | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 4 ---

Our Divisions are responsible for developing and implementing
their strategy; for developing and producing their portfolio of
products and services; and for managing their sales channels.
As “global entrepreneurs” they have end-to-end business re-
sponsibility worldwide, including with regard to their operating
results. They therefore have “right of way” over the regional
units in business matters.

As of October 1, 2014, Healthcare became a separately managed
unit, which includes among others, the set-up of customized
structures (e.g. sales structures, R&D), systems (especially IT)
and functions (e.g. human resources, procurement).

Beginning with fiscal 2015, our businesses are supported by our
Corporate Core, which comprises the units Corporate Develop-
ment; Governance &Markets; Communications and Govern-
ment Affairs; Legal and Compliance, Human Resources; Corpo-
rate Technology; and Controlling and Finance and by our
Corporate Services, which consist of the units Information
Technology; Supply Chain Management; Export Control and
Customs; Business Process Services; and Siemens Real Estate.
The Corporate Core issues binding company-wide guidelines in
coordination with the Managing Board and oversee their imple-
mentation. In addition, the Heads of selected corporate func-
tions (Governance &Markets, Communications and Govern-
ment Affairs, Legal and Compliance, Human Resources,
Controlling and Finance) have an unrestricted right to issue
instructions in relation to their function across all parts of the
company in accordance with the Bylaws for the Managing
Board of Siemens AG and to the extent legally permissible.

During the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we disbanded our
Regional Cluster organization. Following this organizational
change, we have designated 30 Lead Countries which are indi-
vidually responsible for managing a number of other Coun-
tries regarding market penetration. The Lead Countries and
their assigned Countries are responsible for the local customer
relationship management and for implementing the business
strategies of the Divisions. Each Lead Country reports directly
to the Managing Board.

Except otherwise stated, financial measures presented in this
Combined Management Report are based on our organizational
structure as of September 30, 2014. Based on this organiza-
tional structure, we provide financial measures for our four
Sectors and for two Businesses, each combining two Divisions
within a Sector as well as for eight Divisions of our Sectors.
These financial measures include: orders, revenue, profit and
profit margin. Divisions within a Sector may do business with
each other, leading to corresponding orders and revenue. Such
orders and revenues are eliminated on a Sector level. Further-
more, our reportable segments may do business with each
other, leading to corresponding orders and revenue. Such
orders and revenue are eliminated on the Siemens level within
Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other reconciling items
and are not included in orders and revenue with external cus-
tomers (external orders and external revenue, respectively)
reported in this document. For Equity Investments we report
profit, and for SFS we report profit and total assets. Free cash
flow and further financial measures are reported for each
reportable segment in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. For information related to the definition of these
financial measures and to the reconciliation of segment finan-
cial measures to the Consolidated Financial Statements, see
—> NOTE 35 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

175


--- Page 5 ---

176

C.1.1.2_ BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

Until September 30, 2014, our business activities focused on
the four Sectors Energy, Healthcare, Industry and Infrastruc-
ture & Cities. In addition to these four Sectors, we had two addi-
tional reportable segments: Equity Investments and SFS. For
more information on the portfolio transactions described
below, see —> NoTE 4 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

Energy

The businesses of the former Energy Sector offer a wide spec-
trum of products, solutions and services for generating and
transmitting power, and for extracting, converting and trans-
porting oil and gas.

In fiscal 2014, the Energy Sector comprised four Divisions:
Power Generation; Wind Power; Power Transmission; and
Energy Service. In addition, the Sector included two Sector-
led businesses: solar and hydro. Results for these businesses
were included in results for the Sector. Siemens has decided
to exit solar business activities after completing projects in
progress.

The businesses of our former Power Generation Division offer
an extensive portfolio of products and solutions for generating
electricity from fossil fuels and for producing and transporting
oil and gas. The Division’s customers include both energy pro-
viders and industrial companies. Due to the broad range of the
offerings, the Division's revenue mix may vary from reporting
period to reporting period depending on the share of revenue
attributable to products, solutions and services. Because typical
profitability levels differ among these three revenue sources,
the revenue mix in a reporting period accordingly affects
Division profit for that period.

In May 2014, we announced the acquisition of the Rolls-Royce
Energy aero-derivative gas turbine and compressor business
of Rolls-Royce plc, U.K. With the acquisition, we intend to
strengthen our position in the growing oil and gas industry as
well as in the field of decentralized power generation. In Sep-
tember 2014, we have entered into an agreement with Dresser-
Rand to acquire all of its issued and outstanding common
shares by way of a friendly takeover bid. With its comprehen-
sive portfolio of compressors, steam turbines, gas turbines and
engines, Dresser-Rand is a leading supplier for the oil &gas,
process, power and other industries in the related energy infra-
structure markets worldwide. The acquisition complements our
existing offerings, notably for the global oil &gas industry and
for distributed power generation.

Beginning with fiscal 2015, substantially all of the former Divi-
sion’s businesses will be included in the new Power and Gas

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Division. Our solution business for the oil and gas industry will
be included in the new Process Industries and Drives Division.

The businesses of our former Wind Power Division manufac-
ture wind turbines for onshore and offshore applications, in-
cluding both geared turbines and direct drive machines. The
product portfolio is based on four product platforms, two for
each of the onshore and offshore applications. The revenue mix
of these businesses may vary from reporting period to report-
ing period depending on the project mix between onshore and
offshore projects in the respective period. Beginning with fiscal
2015, these businesses were combined with our solar and hydro
activities in the new Wind Power and Renewables Division.

The businesses of our former Power Transmission Division
provide energy utilities and large industrial power users
with turnkey power transmission solutions as well as discrete
products, systems and related engineering and services. These
offerings are used to process and transmit electrical power
from the source, such as power plants and onshore and off-
shore wind farms, to various points along the power trans-
mission network. Beginning with fiscal 2015, these businesses
are part of the new Energy Management Division.

The businesses of the former Energy Service Division offer
comprehensive services for products, solutions and technol-
ogies, covering performance enhancements, maintenance ser-
vices, customer trainings and consulting services for the for-
mer Divisions Power Generation and Wind Power. Financial
results relating to the Energy Service Division were included in
these Divisions. Beginning with fiscal 2015, the Division was
renamed Power Generation Services. Results for that Division
will be included in the new Power and Gas and Wind Power and
Renewables Divisions.

Healthcare

Healthcare offers customers a comprehensive portfolio of
medical solutions across the treatment chain - from preven-
tion and early detection to diagnosis, treatment and follow-up
care. We are a major supplier of technology to the healthcare
industry worldwide and a trendsetter in medical imaging, labo-
ratory diagnostics, healthcare IT and hearing instruments. In
addition, we provide technical maintenance, professional and
consulting services, and, together with SFS, financing to assist
customers in purchasing our products.

In August 2014, we announced our plan to sell our hospital
information system business to the U.S.-based company Cerner
Corp. Since the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, these activities
formerly included in the Healthcare Sector fulfilled the require-
ments to be reported as discontinued operations. Results for
prior periods are reported on a comparable basis.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 6 ---

Because a large part of our revenue stems from recurring busi-
ness, our business activities are to a certain extent resilient to
short-term economic trends but are dependent on regulatory
and policy developments around the world. We are currently
operating in alow growth environment, impacted by healthcare
reforms, budgetary constraints and consolidation of healthcare
service providers, predominantly in the U.S. and Europe.

In fiscal 2014, the Healthcare Sector included four Divisions:
Imaging &Therapy Systems, Clinical Products, Diagnostics
and Customer Solutions. The Sector also included Audiology
Solutions, a Sector-led business. In addition to our Sector-level
financial results, we also reported financial results for our
Diagnostics Division.

Beginning with fiscal 2015, Siemens Healthcare will be man-
aged separately under the Siemens umbrella. This will enable
Healthcare to adjust to markets flexibly and in a more focused
way. It means in essence, a sales organization optimized to
meet the needs of Healthcare and a Healthcare specific set up
of support and central functions. In addition, Siemens an-
nounced in November 2014 the sale of its hearing aid business
Audiology Solutions to the investment company EQT and the
German entrepreneurial family Striingmann as co-investors.

Industry

With the businesses included in the former Industry Sector, we
are one of the world’s leading suppliers of innovative and envi-
ronmentally friendly products and solutions for industrial com-
panies, particularly those in the process and manufacturing
industries. Our end-to-end automation solutions, drive technol-
ogies, industrial IT and industry software, in-depth industry
expertise and technology-based services help our customers
use resources and energy more efficiently, improve productiv-
ity, and increase flexibility.

In fiscal year 2014, the Sector consisted of three Divisions:
Industry Automation, Drive Technologies and Customer Ser-
vices. Financial results relating to the Customer Services Divi-
sion were included in the results for Industry Automation and
Drive Technologies. During the third quarter of fiscal 2014,
nearly all activities of the Metals Technologies business for-
merly included in the Industry Sector fulfilled the requirements
to be reported as discontinued operations. These activities
are to become part of a joint venture with Mitsubishi-Hitachi
Metals Machinery Inc., in which Siemens will hold a 49% stake.
Results for prior periods are reported on a comparable basis.

The businesses of the former Industry Automation Division
offer a unique combination of automation technologies, indus-
trial controls and industry software that supports customers in
optimizing the complete product development and production

processes — from product design to production to sales and ser-
vice. In line with “Industrie 4.0" - a German high-tech indus-
trial strategy - we are working on the convergence between
the real and the virtual worlds of production, sometimes called
“Digital Enterprise.” Our portfolio is geared largely to the man-
ufacturing industry and its major markets such as automotive,
aerospace and production equipment as well as food and bev-
erage, pharmaceutical and chemical. Therefore our business
activities can be strongly affected by economic cycles because
these markets tend to react quickly to changes in the overall
economic environment.

With the businesses of the former Drive Technologies Divi-
sion we are one of the world’s leading suppliers of integrated
drive systems. With our products and systems for innovative
applications and industry-specific solutions as well as end-to-
end services, we are increasing the productivity, energy effi-
ciency and reliability of machinery and installations in indus-
tries such as shipbuilding, cement, mining, and pulp and
paper. Advanced industry software facilitates our offerings’
optimal integration. Our reliable gears, couplings, and drive
solutions are partly also in high demand in other Divisions of
the Siemens Group, mainly for rail transport and wind turbines.
With our e-Car business, we develop motors and inverters for
electric cars and thereby address an additional future growth
market. The industries served by our businesses, particularly
the process industries, the energy industry and the infrastruc-
ture sector, generally show a delayed response to changes in
the overall economic environment. In contrast, our business
activities that serve customers in the manufacturing industries
can be strongly affected by economic cycles.

With a comprehensive portfolio of services and a global net-
work of experts, our businesses of the former Customer
Services Division support our industrial customers with tech-
nology-based industry services across entire lifecycles of their
plants and machinery — from planning and engineering to
operation and modernization.

Beginning with fiscal 2015, we serve the industrial market
with two new Divisions that tailor their strategies to specific
customer industries. The Digital Factory Division primarily
addresses the manufacturing industry and its major markets:
automotive, aerospace, and machine tool and production equip-
ment over the complete product lifecycle of our customers.
The Process Industries and Drives Division focuses largely on
the process industries like pharmaceutical, food &beverage,
chemical and related industries as well as drive solutions for
infrastructure topics. The related business activities within the
former Industry Automation and Drive Technologies Divisions
were accordingly realigned into the two new Divisions. In order
to streamline the process automation activities in the oil &gas

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

77


--- Page 7 ---

178

industries, the former Energy Power Generation Division's
oil &gas solutions business is part of the new Process Indus-
tries and Drives Division. The former Customer Services
Division is managed within the new Digital Factory Division.

Infrastructure & Cities

The businesses of the former Infrastructure & Cities Sector of-
fer a wide range of technologies that increase the functionality
and sustainability of metropolitan centers and urban infra-
structures worldwide, such as integrated mobility solutions,
building and security systems, power distribution equipment,
grid automation and control products and solutions, smart grid
applications and low and medium-voltage products. We apply
our IT and automation expertise to optimize infrastructures —
making better use of existing systems and reducing operating
costs while increasing energy efficiency and improving safety
and security.

In fiscal 2014, the Sector consisted of five Divisions: Rail Sys-
tems; Mobility and Logistics; Low and Medium Voltage; Smart
Grid; and Building Technologies. Financial results of the Rail
Systems and the Mobility and Logistics Divisions were com-
bined and reported together as the results of the Sector's Trans-
portation & Logistics Business. Financial results of the Divisions
Low and Medium Voltage and Smart Grid were combined and
reported together as the Sector's Power Grid Solutions & Prod-
ucts Business.

The offerings of the former Rail Systems Division comprise
Siemens’ rail vehicle business — including high-speed trains,
commuter trains, passenger coaches, metros, people movers,
light rail vehicles, locomotives, bogies, traction systems and
rail-related services. We combine our expertise in the fields of
mass transit, regional and long-distance transportation, driver-
less systems, traction systems, bogies and onboard power
supplies in order to offer comprehensive know-how for reliable
and efficient rail vehicles.

The business activities of the former Mobility and Logistics
Division hold leading positions as global providers of the inte-
grated technologies that enable people and goods to be trans-
ported safely, efficiently and in an environmentally friendly
manner. Our offerings encompass rail automation and intelli-
gent traffic and transportation systems. The products, services
and IT-based solutions in our portfolio combine innovation
with comprehensive industry know-how. In fiscal 2014, our of-
ferings also comprised our airport logistics business for cargo
tracking and baggage handling and our postal automation
business for letter and parcel sorting. In the third quarter of
fiscal 2014, Siemens announced that it no longer intends to sell
this business. The activities are to be carved out and operated
as a separate business under the Siemens umbrella so that this

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

business can operate better and more flexible in its medium-
sized competitive environment. Beginning with fiscal 2015, the
airport logistics and postal automation business is reported
within Centrally managed portfolio activities, which are part of
the Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements.

The principal customers of the businesses included in our for-
mer Rail Systems and Mobility and Logistics Divisions are pub-
lic and state-owned companies in the transportation and logis-
tics sectors. Markets served by these businesses are driven
primarily by public spending. Customers of these businesses
usually have multi-year planning and implementation hori-
zons, and their contract tenders therefore tend to be indepen-
dent of short-term economic trends.

Beginning with fiscal 2015, the business activities of the former
Rail Systems and Mobility and Logistics Divisions are combined
to form the Mobility Division. The Mobility Division also includes
the rail electrification business of the former Smart Grid Division.

The business activities of the former Low and Medium Volt-
age Division supply public energy providers, industrial compa-
nies and municipal utilities with a complete range of products,
systems and solutions for power distribution infrastructures.
Our portfolio includes highly reliable power supply solutions
for conventional power plants and renewable energy systems
as well as intelligent, compact substations for urban and rural
distribution networks. We also offer energy-efficient solutions
for heavy industry, the oil&gas industry and the process
industry. Energy-efficient solutions and energy storage systems
for the integration of renewable energies into power grids
round off our portfolio. Business activities included in our Low
and Medium Voltage Division generally tend to react quickly to
changes in the overall economic environment.

Beginning with fiscal 2015, the business activities of the former
Low and Medium Voltage Division are included in the new
Energy Management Division.

The business activities of the former Smart Grid Division offer
power providers, network operators, industrial enterprises and
cities an end-to-end portfolio of products and solutions for
developing intelligent grid infrastructures. Smart grids enable
a bidirectional flow of energy and information. They are re-
quired for the integration of more renewable energy sources
into conventional power transmission and distribution net-
works. In addition, power providers can run their plants more
efficiently with data gained from smart grids. Software solu-
tions that analyze data from smart grids will continuously gain
importance. Our offerings include both in-house technology
development and systems from software partners. The principal
customers are power producers, grid operators, multi utilities,

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 8 ---

cities and rail operators. Changes in the overall economic envi-
ronment generally have a delayed effect on our business activ-
ities. Furthermore, parts of our businesses are driven by public
spending. Customers in the public sector usually have multi-
year planning and implementation horizons, and their contract
tenders therefore tend to be independent of short-term eco-
nomic trends.

Beginning with fiscal 2015, all businesses of the former Smart
Grid Division except for the rail electrification business are in-
cluded in the new Energy Management Division. As described
above, the rail electrification business is included in the new
Mobility Division as of fiscal 2015.

The Building Technologies Division is a leading provider of
automation technologies and services for safe, secure and effi-
cient buildings and infrastructures throughout the lifecycle of
buildings. The Division offers products, solutions and services
for fire safety, security, building automation, heating, venti-
lation, air conditioning and energy management. The large
customer base is widely-dispersed. It includes public and com-
mercial building owners, operators and tenants, building con-
struction general contractors and system houses. Changes in
the overall economic environment generally have a delayed
effect on our business activities.

At the beginning of fiscal 2015, the Building Technologies Divi-
sion includes the same business activities as it did at the end of
fiscal 2014.

Equity Investments

In fiscal 2014, Equity Investments in general comprised equity
stakes held by Siemens that are accounted for by the equity
method or as available-for-sale financial assets and that for
strategic reasons are not allocated to a Sector or a Division, re-
spectively, SFS, Centrally managed portfolio activities, Siemens
Real Estate (SRE), Corporate items or Corporate Treasury. Our
main investments within Equity Investments were our 50%
stake in BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgerate GmbH (BSH), our
17% stake in OSRAM Licht AG (OSRAM), our 12% stake in Atos SE
(AtoS) and our 49% stake in Enterprise Networks Holdings
B.V. (EN), which in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, was re-
named Unify Holdings B.V. (Unify). In the fourth quarter of fiscal
2014, Siemens signed an agreement to sell its stake in BSH to
Robert Bosch GmbH. The transaction is expected to be com-
pleted in the first half of calendar 2015. Equity Investments
ceased to be a reportable segment beginning with fiscal 2015.
As of October 1, 2014, equity stakes formerly included in Equity
Investments are reported within Centrally managed portfolio
activities, which are part of the Reconciliation to Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Financial Services

Financial Services (SFS) provides business-to-business finan-
cial solutions. With its specialist financing and technology
expertise in the areas of Siemens businesses, SFS supports cus-
tomer investments with leasing solutions and equipment,
project and structured financing. SFS provides capital for
Siemens customers as well as other companies and manages
financial risks of Siemens.

SFS operates the Corporate Treasury of the Siemens Group,
which includes managing liquidity, cash and interest risks as
well as certain foreign exchange, credit and commodities risks.
Business activities and tasks of Corporate Treasury are reported
in the segment information within Reconciliation to Consoli-
dated Financial Statements. For further information on Corpo-
rate Treasury activities see —> c.4.1 PRINCIPLES AND OBJECTIVES OF
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT.

C.1.2 Economic environment

C.1.2.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

Fiscal year 2014 started with a divergent global economic
development. While emerging countries showed a mixed pic-
ture with growth slowing down in the BRIC countries (Brasil,
Russia, India, China), early economic indicators in many indus-
trial economies (U.S., U.K., Japan, countries of the Euro zone)
signaled improvements. In the Euro zone, years of economic
stagnation and recession seemed set to come to an end. Given
the importance of these “heavy weights” for the world econ-
omy, expectations for fiscal 2014 were quite positive. Indeed,
with growth of 2.8% year-over-year, global gross domestic
product (GDP) growth had accelerated in the second half of cal-
endar 2013 compared to the first half, when GDP grew by 2.1%
year-over-year. However, these promising prospects did not
materialize in 2014 for several unforeseeable reasons. The un-
usually strong winter of 2013/2014 disrupted large parts of the
U.S. economy and led to negative GDP growth in the U.S. in the
first quarter of calendar 2014. With the start of calendar 2014,
the first of a series of geopolitical conflicts escalated: the con-
flict in Ukraine brought about substantial uncertainty for the
whole year. In the Middle East, several military conflicts got
worse: Israel and Palestinians again went to war; Libya fell back
into political chaos; the militant group “Islamic State” made sig-
nificant military advances in Syria and Iraq and triggered an
American-led intervention. All these shocks to the global econ-
omy led to increased uncertainty and weighed on global econ-
omic activity. Accordingly, global GDP grew only by 2.7% and
not by 3.2% as expected in October 2013. The slowdown of fixed
investment growth and value added manufacturing growth —
both important indicators for Siemens as a producer of capital
goods — was even stronger: Fixed investments grew by only

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

179


--- Page 9 ---

180

3.6% in 2014 and not by 5.2% as expected in October 2013,
global value added in manufacturing grew by only 3.5% and
not by the expected 4.0%, hurting Siemens’ industrial and
energy-related businesses in particular.

From a geographical perspective, the region Europe, C.I.S.,
Africa, Middle East was the only of our three reporting regions
delivering faster GDP growth in 2014 than in 2013. However,
with 1.6% the level of growth is still lower than in the other re-
porting regions. In addition, last year's expectation was 0.5 per-
centage points higher. The main reasons for the disappointing
performance are the still very sluggish development in Europe,
in particular the Euro zone, and recessions in both Russia and
Ukraine. In Germany, the fiscal year started promisingly with
sentiment indicators continuously improving, followed by a
strong first quarter of calendar 2014 (which was partly due to
mild winter weather). However, in the course of year 2014 the
uncertainties caused by the geopolitical conflicts increasingly
weighed on economic activity and slowed down GDP growth
for the full year.

In the Americas region, growth slowed down slightly to 2.0%.
A year earlier, the expectation was for growth of 2.7%. The
harsh winter mentioned above, which reduced consumption
and factory output in some areas of the U.S. and Canada, was
one reason for the slowdown. In addition, the economies of
most Latin American countries grew substantially slower than
estimated last year. For example GDP growth for Brazil was
marked down from 3.1% to a negative 0.1% from October 2013
to October 2014. The pattern was similar for Argentina, Chile,
Venezuela and Peru. One important driver for this weak perfor-
mance was globally weaker commodity markets.

In Asia, Australia, GDP growth for calendar 2014 is estimated
at 4.8%, virtually the same level as in previous years. Compared
to last year’s expectation this is 0.3 percentage points lower,

| World real GDP growth (in % compared to previous period)"

reflecting slower growth in China (7.3% against 8% expected
last year), which is largely explained by continued downturns
in real estate and manufacturing investment. India suffered
from investment shifts before the general election that took
place from April to May 2014.

|_ Real GDP growth per region (change in % compared to prior year)"

World | Europe, C.L.S.2 Americas Asia,
Africa, Australia
Middle East
5 48 49
4
3 2.7.26
5 2.0 23

nan IHS Global Insight as of October 15, 2014
yy calendar year.

ndar year 2014

Ith of Independent States.

The partly estimated figures presented here for GDP, fixed
investments and manufacturing value added are calculated by
Siemens based on an IHS Global Insight report dated Octo-
ber 15, 2014.

Our businesses are dependent on the development of raw
material prices. Key materials to which we have significant cost
exposure include copper, various grades and formats of steel,
and aluminum. In addition, within stainless steel we have
exposure related to nickel and ferro-alloy materials.

The average monthly price of copper (denominated in € per
metric ton) for September 2014 was 1% lower than the average
monthly price in September 2013. Prices on a fiscal-year average

2010 200

2012 2013 2014

4g 21

37-35

Nowe uoas

mE Quarterly GDP growth (seasonally adjusted annual rate)

Quarterly GOP lly adjusted annual rate)

1 Siemens AG, based on an IHS Global Insight report as of October 15, 2014

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

mmm Annual GDP gi
mm Annual GDP gi

| Corporate Governance

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 10 ---

were still 10% lower in fiscal 2014 than the average for fiscal
2013, reflecting modest demand during fiscal 2014.

Average monthly prices of aluminum traded on the London
Metal Exchange recently rebounded and were 17% higher
in September 2014 compared to September 2013. Prices on a
fiscal-year average were nevertheless 8% lower in fiscal 2014
than the average of fiscal 2013. Significantly rising premiums
for physically delivered aluminum have added to the prices of
the London Metal Exchange contracts. The aluminum industry
is in a situation of a global oversupply due to rapid expansion
of capacities, while regional markets in the western world face
a tighter supply.

The average monthly steel prices for September 2014 declined
by 8% compared to the average monthly prices in Septem-
ber 2013. Prices on a fiscal-year average were 7% lower in fiscal
2014 than the average for fiscal 2013.

Our main exposure to the prices of copper, aluminum and
related products is in the new Divisions Energy Management
and Process Industries and Drives. Our main price exposure
related to carbon steel and stainless steel is in our new Divi-
sions Power and Gas and Wind Power and Renewables. In addi-
tion, Siemens is generally exposed to energy and fuel prices,
both directly (electricity, gas, oil) and indirectly (energy used
in the manufacturing processes of suppliers, fuels included in
logistics costs).

Siemens employs various strategies to reduce the price risk in
its project and product businesses, such as long-term contract-
ing with suppliers, physical and financial hedging and price
escalation clauses with customers.

C.1.2.2, MARKET DEVELOPMENT

In fiscal 2014, the addressed market of our Energy Sector devel-
oped stable year-over-year. Wind power markets showed the
strongest growth (both onshore and offshore). Markets for
power transmission grew slightly while market volume for
large gas turbines declined year-over-year.

Markets of the Power Generation Division declined in fiscal
2014 compared to fiscal 2013. In particular the advanced gas
turbine market remained difficult with a market size in fiscal
2014 clearly below fiscal 2013. In addition, production over-
capacities have been resulting in increased price pressure.
During the fiscal year, the overall market environment for fossil
power generation faced project shifts in various regions lead-
ing to tough competition. While key countries such as the
U.S. or China have been facing market delays, countries of the
Middle East, especially Saudi-Arabia showed higher invest-
ments in gas-fired power plants year-over-year. Demand for
industrial gas and steam turbines developed roughly flat.

Markets served by our Wind Power Division grew clearly in fis-
cal 2014 fueled by strong demand in Europe, which is the most
mature geographic market in the world for onshore and off-
shore wind power. In particular, Europe is home to almost all
offshore installations currently active worldwide. Within the
Americas, growth in the U.S. was driven by onshore wind proj-
ects, following the extension of an existing production tax
credit (PTC) for renewable energy into the first quarter of fiscal
2014. Market development in the Asia, Australia region was
characterized by intense local competition, particularly in
China. While China has the largest wind market in the world,
market access for foreign companies remains to be very diffi-
cult and limited. The competitive situation in the wind power

| Development of raw material prices (Index: Beginning of fiscal 2010 = 100)

FY 2010 FY 2011 FY 2012 FY 2013 FY 2014
170
160
150
140
130
120
110
100
90
80
— mmm Aluminium (HG) mm Steel HRC
Soure hange (LME) for iminium, CRU HRC Germany for steel; cash prices in € per ton
247 |. | Consolidated Financial Statements
337 | E. | Additional information
213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | C.10 | Compensation Report and legal disclosures
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242 | 11 | Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship of German Commercial Code)

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

181


--- Page 11 ---

182

markets differs between the market segments. In the market
for onshore wind farms, competition is widely dispersed with-
out any one company holding a dominant share of the market.
In contrast, there are only a few major players in the market for
offshore wind farms, which are technologically more complex.
Several competitors have managed to return to profitability
through cost reduction measures and restructuring. Previously
existing overcapacities have been adjusted to better match
demand. Consolidation is moving forward in both on- and off-
shore wind power through the market exit of smaller players,
and especially in offshore through joint ventures between
established players and new market entrants. The key drivers
for consolidation are technology and market access challenges,
which increase development costs and the importance of risk
sharing in offshore wind power.

Markets addressed by our Power Transmission Division grew
slightly in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013, due mainly
to strong demand from parts of Europe and the Middle East,
including Germany, the U.K. and Saudi Arabia, where large
transmission projects were awarded. In contrast, investments
in Russian electrical infrastructure went down significantly in
fiscal 2014. Markets in Asia remained stable year-over-year.
While growth in China slowed down somewhat, India awarded
a new contract for a large high-voltage direct current (HVDC)
project. On a currency-adjusted basis, market volume in the
Americas increased slightly year-over-year. Including currency
translation effects, markets in the Americas declined slightly
year-over-year.

In fiscal 2014, markets served by our Healthcare Sector grew
slightly year-over-year. Growth was again driven by emerging
markets, which continued to build up their healthcare infra-
structures and expand access to modern medical technology
for a broader population. Market development in industrialized
countries remained weak, impacted by healthcare reforms and
budgetary constraints. On a regional basis, markets in the
Americas grew moderately. Market conditions in our large U.S.
market remained challenging as service providers faced ongo-
ing pressure on utilization and reimbursement rates associated
with medical devices. The U.S. market for Healthcare IT contin-
ues to grow, but at a slower pace than in previous years.
Healthcare markets in the Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East
region declined slightly. During fiscal 2014, European health-
care markets saw some stabilization. The market situation in
Germany was challenging. Demand stagnated and price pres-
sure was strong. Decreasing public grants to the country’s
health insurance system is burdening the financial situation of
hospitals and thus their willingness to invest. Growth in China
slowed down compared to the previous fiscal year. Markets in

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

China are experiencing a shift in demand, from an emphasis on
large clinics to increased investment in small and midsize
regional clinics. Along with this change, competitive and price
pressure rose, due mainly to increasing numbers of local ven-
dors. Overall, the trend toward consolidation in the healthcare
industry continues. Competition among the leading companies
is strong, including with respect to price.

In fiscal 2014, markets served by our Industry Sector, consist-
ing of our Industry Automation and Drive Technologies Divi-
sions, grew slightly year-over-year. At the beginning of the
fiscal year, growth came mainly from stronger demand in
long-cycle industries and restocking by customers in China.
Towards the end of the fiscal year, demand also began to pick
up in short-cycle industries. Within the main industries served
by our Divisions, demand in the automotive industry was par-
ticularly strong, with many countries reporting significant in-
creases in production, especially in Europe. The machine build-
ing industry developed less favorable in the beginning of the
fiscal year due to weaker growth in many emerging economies,
which are important markets for export-oriented industrialized
countries. In the last months of fiscal 2014, demand in the
machine building industries picked up somewhat. On a regional
basis, our markets in Europe experienced a slight recovery in
fiscal 2014, due to a more positive overall economic environ-
ment year-over-year, particularly including Spain, Poland and
the Netherlands. While markets in Germany grew year-over-
year, growth was held back by stagnation in original equip-
ment manufacturing (OEM) industries, which were impacted
by lower demand from emerging markets. Overall, demand in
Europe for industrial investment goods was held back as pro-
duction capacities of our customers still did not reach full utili-
zation. In the Americas, except the U.S., growth in end-cus-
tomer markets slowed down in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal
2013. This was particularly evident in Brazil. Within the U.S.,
demand in the oil and gas industries grew strongly. In contrast
markets for electrical investment goods expanded modestly.
Within the Asia, Australia region, growth slowed down year-
over-year in several countries, particularly including Australia,
India, Indonesia and Thailand. Growth in China was solid year-
over-year. While growth in China benefited from restocking ef-
fects, it was supported also by strong demand from the coun-
try’s automotive and infrastructure industries, and, to a lesser
extent, by demand in parts of the construction machinery mar-
kets and food machinery, elevators and rubber machines mar-
kets. Competition of Industry's business activities can be
grouped into two categories: multinational companies that of-
fer a relatively broad portfolio and companies that are active
only in certain geographic or product markets. Consolidation is
taking place mostly in particular market segments and not

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 12 ---

across the broad base of our portfolio, with the exception of
the acquisition of Invensys by Schneider Electric. Consolidation
in solution-driven markets is going in the direction of in-depth
niche market expertise, whereas consolidation of the product-
driven market follows the line of convergence. Most major
competitors have established global bases for their businesses.
In addition, competition has become increasingly focused on
technological improvements and cost position.

In fiscal 2014, the broad overall market for the offerings of the
Infrastructure & Cities Sector grew slightly. The market for rail
systems showed growth, non-residential construction markets
were recovering, and the market for power grid solutions and
products remained challenging.

Markets served by the Transportation &Logistics Business
grew moderately in fiscal 2014, fueled e.g. by large contract
awards in the U.K. and in Saudi Arabia within the Europe, C.LS.,
Africa, Middle East region. Europe remained the largest market
for the Business. Growth in the Americas region benefited from
demand for passenger locomotives and urban transport prod-
ucts in the U.S. The Asia, Australia region showed the highest
growth rates of all regions. This growth was fueled, amongst
others, by a recovery in China, which began to increase its
investments in high-speed trains.

In fiscal 2014, markets for our Power Grid Solutions & Prod-
ucts Business declined slightly year-over-year including weaker
demand from some emerging markets countries. Overall, the
decline is caused by weak demand in the Europe, C.LS., Africa,
Middle East region. The market situation in southern Europe
remained particularly challenging. In Germany, which is under-
taking a massive shift to renewable energy ("Energiewende’”),
utilities continued to delay major grid investments due to un-
certainty in the regulatory environment. The Americas re-
ported modest growth in real terms, particularly in the U.S.,
where the economy is gaining momentum in construction and
oil and gas markets. The overall market development was more
positive in the Asia, Australia region, particularly including
demand in the utility business within emerging economies.
Furthermore, markets in the oil and gas business and in the
non-residential construction business grew year-over-year, par-
ticularly in China.

In fiscal 2014, markets addressed by our Building Technol-
ogies Division grew slightly in aggregate year-over-year. Within
our non-residential construction markets, some segments
developed more favorably than the market overall. Among
them were data centers and the pharmaceutical industry,
which showed clear growth in construction activities compared

to fiscal 2013. Within Europe, non-residential construction
markets saw some stabilization in fiscal 2014, but remained
weak due to the economic situation and austerity programs in
some southern and western European countries. In contrast,
markets in the Middle East, in Asia and Australia grew consid-
erably year-over-year. In the Americas, growth in non-residen-
tial construction markets began to accelerate during the fiscal
year. There is usually a time lag of three to four quarters be-
fore Building Technologies businesses begin to participate in
such growth.

Infrastructure & Cities principal competitors are multinational
companies. The Sector also faces competition from niche com-
petitors and from new entrants, such as utility companies and
consulting firms, exploiting the fragmented energy efficiency
market. The Sector's solution businesses also compete with en-
gineering, procurement and construction providers, and com-
petitors in the service field often include small local players.

C.1.3 Strategy

C.1.3.1 VISION 2020
In May 2014, we presented our entrepreneurial concept
“Vision 2020.”

Shaped by our history, culture and values, our mission defines
how we understand ourselves. As an expression of a strong
brand, it formulates our aspiration: We make real what matters,
by setting the benchmark in the way we electrify, automate
and digitalize the world around us. Ingenuity drives us and
what we create is yours. Together we deliver.

There are three stages in which we will lead our Company into
the future:

> In the short term, we want to “drive performance.” To
achieve this aim, we are retailoring our structures and re-
sponsibilities. We are also focusing on business excellence.
In addition, we want to get those businesses back on track
that have not reached their full potential and make them
competitive again.

> “Strengthen core” is our aim in the medium term. We in-
tend to strengthen our successful businesses along the value
chain of electrification by, among other things, allocating
resources in a more rigorous way in order to expand in
strategic growth fields.

> Inthe long term, we want to “scale up.” We will intensify our
efforts to seize further growth opportunities and tap new
fields.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

183


--- Page 13 ---

184

We have linked the success of Vision 2020 to the attainment of
seven overarching goals:

> Implement stringent corporate governance: We want to
simplify and accelerate our processes, while reducing com-
plexity in our Company and strengthening our corporate
governance functions. We expect that these measures en-
able us to reduce our costs by roughly €1 billion. The savings
are expected to be mainly effective in fiscal 2016.

> Create value sustainably: We are tapping attractive growth
fields and getting those businesses that have not yet reached
their full potential back on track.

> Execute financial target system: We are rigorously imple-
menting our financial target system.

> Expand global management: To reflect our global orienta-
tion more strongly in the future, we want more than 30% of
our Division and Business Unit managers to be based outside
Germany.

> Be partner of choice for our customers: We want to be our
customers’ partner of choice. To measure customer satisfac-
tion, we use the Net Promoter Score (NPS) - a comprehensive
customer satisfaction survey that we conduct every year. Our
goal is to improve our score by at least 20%.

> Be an employer of choice: Highly committed and satisfied
employees are the basis of our success. We are — and want to
remain — an attractive employer. That is why we conduct a
global engagement survey to measure employee satisfaction.
In the categories Leadership and Diversity, we aim to achieve
an approval rating of over 75% on a sustainable basis.

> Foster an ownership culture: In the future, our employees
will have an even greater stake in their company’s success.
We want to increase the current number of employee share-
holders by at least 50%.

C.1.3.2 STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK

We have defined a comprehensive strategic framework that
integrates the key fields of company management. These key
fields are:

> Ownership culture;

> Customer and business focus;

> Governance; and

> our management model “One Siemens.”

a) Ownership culture

One engine of sustainable business is our ownership culture,
in which every employee takes personal responsibility for our
Company’s success. “Always act as if it were your own Company” —
this maxim applies to everyone at Siemens, from Managing
Board member to trainee.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

b) Customer and business focus

We expect that the megatrends digital transformation, global-
ization, urbanization, demographic change and climate change
will provide growth opportunities. We are focusing on our posi-
tioning along the value chain of electrification. This is where
our core business lies. From power generation to power trans-
mission, power distribution and smart grid to the efficient
application of electrical energy — in every one of these inter-
related fields, electrification, automation and digitalization are
the key business drivers.

> Power generation: The field of efficient power generation —
encompassing conventional and renewable energy sources
as well as comprehensive services — is addressed by our
Divisions Power and Gas, Wind Power and Renewables, and
Power Generation Services.

> Power transmission, power distribution and smart grid:
Solutions for power transmission and distribution as well as
technologies for smart grids are all bundled at our Energy
Management Division.

> Energy application: Our Divisions Building Technologies,
Mobility, Digital Factory and Process Industries and Drives
are delivering technologies for the efficient application of
energy in building technology, transportation and industry.

> Imaging and in-vitro diagnostics: Healthcare is responsible
for our medical imaging and in-vitro diagnostics businesses.

In all areas related to project financing, Financial Services is a
reliable partner to our customers.

We want to set clear priorities for resource allocation and
address promising growth fields, for example:

> Flexible and small gas turbines;

> Offshore wind power;

> Distribution grid automation and software;

> Urban and interurban mobility;

> Digital-twin software;

> Key sectors in process industries;

> Image-guided therapy and molecular diagnostics; and

> Business analytics and data-driven services, software and
IT solutions.

Flexible and small gas turbines: In the area of power genera-
tion, the trend is increasingly toward decentralized energy
supply. Customers worldwide are relying more and more on
individualized energy supplies and demanding tailor-made
solutions. As a result, we see major growth potential in the
field of flexible and small gas turbines.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 14 ---

Offshore wind power: Among renewable sources of energy,
wind power will play a key role over the long term. Offshore
wind turbines deliver high yields and are subject to less fluctu-
ation than other renewables. We want to continue building on
the leading position in offshore wind power that we have cap-
tured in recent years. We consider double-digit market growth
realistic in this field in the medium term.

Distribution grid automation and software: Energy manage-
ment is becoming increasingly vital — for distribution grids as
well as industrial and private energy producers and consumers.
Energy management systems make it possible to integrate in-
creasingly decentralized power supplies into the energy cycle,
while mitigating the negative impact of the fluctuations that
occur when power is generated from renewable sources — thus
improving the utilization of existing power grids. Our intelli-
gent, integrated automation solutions offer customers decisive
added value.

Urban and interurban mobility: In strong demand, intelligent
mobility solutions are providing major impulses for growth —
particularly in the areas of urban transportation and automated
traffic-control solutions. We see stronger growth potential in
this area as well.

Digital-twin software: The virtual and real worlds are merging
more and more. Already today, our software solutions are help-
ing customers develop products much faster, more flexibly and
more efficiently. Not only products but also the plants in which
they are produced have digital twins that can be used to co-
ordinate and integrate product design and production plan-
ning. The digital models are always up-to-date — as planned, as
built, as maintained —- while allowing improvements through-
out entire lifecycles.

Key sectors in process industries: Some industry sectors —
oil&gas and food &beverage, for example - are growing at
above-average rates. We want to participate in this growth.
That is why we are bundling our expertise in process industries
and drive technologies and continuing to expand our related
portfolio of products and software solutions.

Image-guided therapy and molecular diagnostics: The in-
creasing use of molecular biological methods and progress in
the life sciences are accelerating technological change in health-
care. To improve quality and efficiency, societies worldwide are
also demanding new solutions for next-generation healthcare.

Business analytics and data-driven services, software and
IT solutions: We have a comprehensive understanding of our

customers’ business processes. In the future, we want to lever-
age this knowledge even better by analyzing the data gener-
ated in these processes, providing recommendations for im-
provement and action, and thus creating value. The resulting
competitive advantages for our customers are increasingly
derived from cloud-based solutions and services powered
by data-analytics software.

c) Governance

We want to lead Siemens in such a way that we focus on our
customers at all times and further expand our market penetra-
tion while maintaining lean and flexible structures. That is why
we have selected a market-integrative setup that combines a
common regional organization with a coordinated vertical
approach. Against this backdrop, we have retailored the struc-
tures and responsibilities of our businesses, our Regions and
our corporate governance functions:

> We have removed layers from our Company, thus bringing
our businesses closer to customers and key markets. We re-
placed our 14 Regional Clusters with 30 Lead Countries. The
CEOs of these countries now report directly to our Managing
Board.

> We have also eliminated the Sector level and consolidated
our business activities into nine Divisions and one separately
managed unit, Healthcare. This change is increasing our
customer proximity and accelerating our decision-making.

> In addition, we have made governance even more stringent
across all levels of our organization. Our Managing Board
leads the Company and maintains the balance between our
businesses and regions. It is supported by strong, efficient
governance functions, our Corporate Core. This Corporate
Core ensures fast, unbureaucratic decision-making across
key company functions.

d) Management model “One Siemens”

To enable us to manage our Company more effectively, we have
expanded “One Siemens” into an integrated management
model that combines under one roof the overarching targets
and priorities with which we are implementing our strategy
throughout the Company. It encompasses a financial frame-
work, an operating system and Corporate Memory as well as
sustainability and citizenship.

Financial framework

To measure and compare our development against the market
and in our competitive environment, we used a system of
defined key indicators. We have now refined and expanded
this financial target system, which is explained in more detail
in — C.2 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SYSTEM.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

185


--- Page 15 ---

186

Operating system and Corporate Memory

We manage our Company in accordance with specific, clearly
defined priorities. Our One Siemens operating system sets the
following four priorities: Customer proximity, innovation, busi-
ness excellence, as well as people excellence and care. In addi-
tion, the Corporate Memory - our knowledge management —
ensures that we learn from mistakes and keep our work focused
on success.

Customer proximity: Profitable growth is based on proximity
to our customers and on an understanding of their individual
requirements. To meet and exceed our customers’ expecta-
tions, we invest in local sales presence and support for spe-
cific groups of market partners. Our key account management
approach is just one successful example of this. We are repre-
sented in virtually every country in the world by Regional Com-
panies that operate as local partners to our customers. We also
exploit our in-depth knowledge of customer processes and
continually develop our offerings for key verticals in a targeted
manner - across organizational boundaries. To regularly gauge
the satisfaction of our customers around the world, we use a
uniform measure, the Net Promoter Score.

Innovation: Innovation is essential for ensuring long-term
competitiveness. This applies to our entire portfolio of prod-
ucts, solutions and services. Added value for our customers is
based increasingly on software and IT solutions. As a result, we
have made this field a particular focus of our attention - for
example, through research and development activities in soft-
ware architecture and platforms. Tools such as partner net-
works are enabling us to manage highly effective innovation
processes and an open innovation culture. We are concentrat-
ing on new technology-driven growth areas as well as innova-
tive business models.

Business excellence: We want to do an excellent job of man-
aging our businesses while pursuing our aim of continuous
improvement. For this, we have developed outstanding tools
that we intend to apply with even greater rigor in the future.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

These tools enable us, for instance, to benchmark our per-
formance against the best and to increase our productivity.
Tightening our risk management approach is helping us iden-
tify project risks while still in the bidding phase and thus
avoid costly project delays. Last but not least, we are fostering
our service business across organizational boundaries — for
example, by developing service platforms.

People excellence and care: Excellent employees are the
heart and soul of Siemens. That is how it has always been. And
we want it to be even more so in the future. Therefore we are
anchoring an ownership culture at our Company. For us, this is
not an abstract idea but a concrete goal that we are pursuing
with measures we can track. After all, the behavior, motivation
and values of the people who work for Siemens mold our cul-
ture. In an attractive working environment, we promote lifelong
learning and personal development. Integrity - supported by a
well-established compliance system - remains the principle
that guides our conduct. Our share programs are enabling us
to increase employee participation in our Company's success,
while bringing us closer every day to a lived ownership culture.

Sustainability and citizenship

We contribute to sustainable development by maintaining a
responsible balance at company level between profit, planet
and people.

> Profit: by having a range of products, solutions and services
that makes a difference worldwide, because it provides cus-
tomers with decisive competitive advantages.

> Planet: by utilizing our planet's limited resources responsibly
and by enabling our customers to improve their own environ-
mental performance.

> People: by living a culture that strengthens our employees’
sense of responsibility worldwide, fosters their development
and places integrity at the center of our Company’s activities.
As good corporate citizens, we are also contributing to the
sustainable development of society through our portfolio, our
local presence worldwide and our role as a thought leader.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 16 ---

i11C.2 Financial performance system

C.2.1 Overview

Within One Siemens, we have established a financial frame-
work — for revenue growth, for profitability and capital effi-
ciency, for our capital structure, and for our dividend policy.

C.2.2 Revenue growth

Within the framework of One Siemens, we aim to grow our rev-
enue faster than the average weighted revenue growth of our
most relevant competitors. In fiscal 2014, we calculated our rev-
enue growth for this comparison using actual revenue as pre-
sented in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our primary
measure for managing and controlling our revenue growth is
comparable growth, which excludes currency translation and
portfolio effects. We provide figures for both comparable and
actual revenue growth in this Annual Report, within —> c.3.1
ORDERS AND REVENUE BY REGION.

| Revenue growth

[ Revenue current period

—_____—_-1| x 100%
Revenue prior-year period

Actual

| Adjusted EBITDA margins’

Margin | Target range

Energy
FY 2014 8.1% = —

10 - 15%
FY 2013 9.9% _——
Healthcare
FY 2014 ae]

15 - 20%
FY 2013 0
Industry
FY 2014 16.4; ——

11-17%
FY 2013 3B,
Infrastructure & Cities
FY 2014 2

8- 12%
FY 2013 3.7% = —

1 Adjusted EBITDA margins of respective markets through business cycle.
mmm Target range

In line with common practice in the financial services busi-
ness, our financial indicator for measuring capital efficiency at
Financial Services (SFS) is return on equity after tax, or ROE
(after tax). For information on the calculation of ROE (after
tax) and its components, see —> c.2.6.1 RETURN ON EQUITY (ROE)
(AFTER TAX).

FY 2014 (2)% | | Return on equity (ROE) (after tax)
FY 2013 (2)% |
Comparable SFS’ profit after tax
Fy 2014 — —______—_ «100%
ie SFS' average allocated equity

FY 2013 (1)% ml

| 4 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects FY 2014 =

FY 2013 7),

C.2.3 Profitability and capital efficiency

Within the framework of One Siemens, we aim to achieve mar-
gins through the entire business cycle that are comparable to
those of our relevant competitors. For purposes of this compar-
ison in fiscal 2014, we used defined adjusted EBITDA margin
ranges, which are based on the results of the respective rele-
vant competitors of our four Sectors. Information regarding
the calculation of adjusted EBITDA is presented in > c.3.4
RECONCILIATION TO ADJUSTED EBITDA.

| mmm Target range: 15 ~ 20%

For purposes of managing and controlling profitability at the
Group level, we use net income as our primary measure. This
measure is the main driver of basic earnings per share (EPS)
from net income, which we use for communicating with
the capital markets. For an analysis of this measure, refer to
—> €.3.3 INCOME.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

187


--- Page 17 ---

188

Beginning with fiscal 2015, we defined profit margin ranges for
our Industrial Business (for the new organizational set up of
Siemens, see —> C.1.1.1 ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION),
which are based on the profit margins of the respective rele-
vant competitors. Their determination is based on our en-
hanced profit definition for our Industrial Business, which is
also effective beginning with fiscal 2015. In contrast to the
profit definition we used for fiscal 2014, the enhanced defini-
tion eliminates income statement effects resulting from amor-
tization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations.
This type of amortization is basically a technical consequence
of the purchase price allocation resulting from an acquisition,
and therefore has nearly no operational business relevance.
Moreover, by eliminating these income statement effects, we
improve the comparability of our Industrial Businesses’s profits
with that of their relevant competitors. Beginning with fiscal
2015, profit for SFS is also presented excluding amortization
of intangible assets acquired in business combinations. Except
for this adjustment, the profit definition remains unchanged.

|_ Profit margin ranges

Margin range
Power and Gas 11-15%
Wind Power and Renewables 5 - 8%
Energy Management 710%
Building Technologies 811%
Mobility 6- 9%
Digital Factory 14-20%
Process Industries and Drives 8- 12%
Healthcare 15 - 19%
SFS (ROE (after taxes)) 15 - 20%

Beginning with fiscal 2015, we incorporated a measure called
total cost productivity into our One Siemens framework, to em-
phasize and evaluate our continuous efforts to improve produc-
tivity. We define this measure as the ratio of cost savings from
defined productivity improvement measures to the aggregate
of functional costs for the Siemens Group. We aim to achieve
an annual value of 3% to 5% for Total cost productivity.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Within the framework of One Siemens we seek to work profit-
ably and as efficiently as possible with the capital provided by
our shareholders and lenders. For purposes of managing and
controlling our capital efficiency in fiscal 2014, we used return
on capital employed, or ROCE, for continuing operations as
our primary measure. We aimed to achieve a range of 15% to
20%. An analysis of this financial measure is provided in
> c.3.3 Income. For information on the calculation of ROCE and
its components, see -> c.2.6.2 RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE).

Return on capital employed (ROCE)
|_ (continuing operations)

Income from continuing operations before interest after tax
x 100%

Average capital employed

FY 2014

7?
BY

| mmm Target range: 15-20%

FY 2013

Beginning with fiscal 2015 and within the scope of further
development of One Siemens, we intend to use ROCE for con-
tinuing and discontinued operations as the primary measure for
managing and controlling our capital efficiency. Going forward
all activities of the Group are included in this financial measure.
We continue to aim for a ROCE in the range of 15% to 20%. ROCE
for continuing and discontinued operations amounted to 17.3%
in fiscal 2014, compared to 13.5% a year earlier.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 18 ---

C.2.4 Capital structure

Sustainable revenue and profit development is supported by a
healthy capital structure. A key consideration within the frame-
work of One Siemens is to maintain ready access to the capital
markets through various debt products and preserve our ability
to repay and service our debt obligations over time. Our pri-
mary measure for managing and controlling our capital struc-
ture is the ratio of industrial net debt to adjusted EBITDA.
This financial measure indicates the approximate amount of
time in years that would be needed to cover industrial net debt
through income from continuing operations, without taking
into account interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. In
fiscal 2014, we aimed to achieve a ratio in the range of 0.5 to
1.0. For more information regarding adjusted EBITDA and for an
analysis of our capital structure ratio, see —> c.3.4 RECONCILIA-
TION TO ADJUSTED EBITDA and —> €.4.2 CAPITAL STRUCTURE.

| Capital structure (continuing operations)

Industrial net debt

Adjusted EBITDA

At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, the Managing Board, in
agreement with the Supervisory Board, will submit the follow-
ing proposal to allocate the unappropriated net income of
Siemens AG for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014: to
distribute a dividend of €3.30 on each share of no-par value
entitled to the dividend for fiscal year 2014 existing at the date
of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, with the remaining
amount to be carried forward. Payment of the proposed divi-
dend is contingent upon approval by Siemens shareholders
at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on January 27, 2015. The
prior-year dividend was €3.00 per share.

The proposed dividend of €3.30 per share for fiscal 2014 rep-
resents a total payout of €2.706 billion based on the estimated
number of shares entitled to dividend at the date of the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting. Based on net income of €5.507 billion
for fiscal 2014, the dividend payout percentage is 49%. The per-
centage for fiscal 2013 was 57%, based on a total dividend pay-
out of €2.533 billion and a net income of €4.409 billion.

|_ Dividend payout percentage

Total dividend payout

x 100%
FY 2014 0.15 = —— Netincome
FY 2013 0.35 SS —__
FY 2014 a
| mmm Target ange: 0.5 -1.0 FY 2013 TT

Beginning with fiscal 2015, we intend to achieve a ratio of up to
1.0, and thereby maintain our healthy capital structure.

C.2.5 Dividend and share buybacks

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. In fiscal 2014, we intended to propose a dividend pay-
out which, combined with outlays during the fiscal year for
publicly announced share buybacks, results in a sum represent-
ing 40% to 60% of net income, which for this purpose we may
adjust to exclude selected exceptional non-cash effects.

In November 2013, we announced a share buyback of up to
€4 billion ending latest on October 31, 2015. In May 2014, we
started to repurchase shares. Through the end of fiscal 2014,
outlays for our publicly announced share buybacks (excluding
incidental transaction charges) totaled €1.079 billion and repre-
sent 20% of net income.

The percentage for fiscal 2013 was 26% with outlays for share
buybacks in the amount of €1.152 billion.

Beginning with fiscal 2015, we intend to realize a dividend pay-
out range, without the effect of share buybacks, of 40% to 60%
of net income, which for this purpose we may adjust to exclude
selected exceptional non-cash effects. As in the past, we intend
to fund the dividend payout from Free cash flow.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

189


--- Page 19 ---

190

C.2.6 Additional information

for financial performance measures

C.2.6.1 RETURN ON EQUITY (ROE) (AFTER TAX)
The following table reports the calculation of ROE (after tax) of

SFS as defined under One Siemens.

ended September 30,

(in millions of €) 2014 2013
Calculation of income taxes of SFS
Profit of SFS (Income before income taxes, BIT) 465 409
Less: Income of SFS from investments accounted for using the equity method, net! (66) (85)
Less: Tax-free income components and others? (41) (26)
Tax basis 358 298
Tax rate (flat) 30% 30%
Calculated income taxes of SFS 107 89
Profit after tax of SFS
Profit of SFS (IBIT) 465 409
Less: Calculated income taxes of SFS (107) (89)
Profit after tax of SFS 357 320
ROE (after tax) of SFS
(|) Profit after tax of SFS 357 320
(Il) Average allocated equity of SFS? 1,976 1,874
()/ (ll) ROE (after tax) of SFS 18.1% 17.1%
1 For information on Income (loss) of SFS invest- are classified from at ec ilable-for-sale finan: 3 Average allocated equity SFS for a fiscal yi
ments accounted for using the equity method net, assets and are therefore not included in the (Income) loss mined as a five-point average in allocated
Se -> C.3.4 RECONCILIATION TO ADJUSTED EBITDA, of SFS from investme! nted for using the equity of the respective quarters starting with the al
2. Taxfree income components include forms of financing meth net. Such already taxed or generally equity of SFS as of September 30 of th ious fiscal
which are generally exempted from income taxes. secllbotoieianett prise an adjustment for year
ainohe con ores cbeult components tisenito che material taxable Income (loss) of SFS from investments
ale/divestment of equity investments, which accounted for using the equity method, net,
108 | A | To our Shareholders 131 | B. | Corporate Governance 171 | c | Combined Management Report
172 | ©.) | Business and economic environment
187 | C.2 | Financial performance system
193 | C.3 | Results of operations
205 | C4 | Financial position
210 | C.5 | Net assets position


--- Page 20 ---

C.2.6.2 RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE)

As part of One Siemens, we managed and controlled our capital
efficiency in fiscal 2014 using the financial measure ROCE for
continuing operations. The following tables report this financial
measure as defined under One Siemens and also provide a rec-
onciliation to ROCE for continuing and discontinued operations.

(in millions of €) 09/30/2014 06/30/2014 03/31/2014 12/31/2013 09/30/2013
Capital employed Fiscal 2014
Total equity 31,514 28,633 28,336 30,372 28,625
Plus: Long-term debt 19,326 18,364 18,587 18,377 18,509
Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 1,620 4,092 3,757 2,883 1,944
Less: Cash and cash equivalents (8,013) (8,210) (8,585) (8,885) (9,190)
Less: Current available-for-sale financial assets (925) (907) (799) (666) (601)
Plus: Post-employment benefits 9,324 10,473 9,614 8,771 9,265
Less: SFS Debt (18,663)| _(17,017)[__(16,428)| __(16,022)| (15,600)
Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment? (1,121) (1,114) (1,134) (1,166) (1,247)
Capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations) 33,063 34,313 33,348 33,665 31,706
Less: Assets classified as held for disposal presented as discontinued operations (2,325) (1,689) (14) (758) (768)
Plus: Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal

presented as discontinued operations 1,559 1,275 20 232 258
Capital employed (continuing operations) 32,297 33,898 33,354 33,138 31,195

|
i

(in millions of €) 09/30/2013 06/30/2013 09/30/2012
Capital employed Fiscal 2013
Total equity 28,625 27,909 26,620 30,551 31,424
Plus: Long-term debt 18,509 19,140 20,182 16,651 16,880
Plus: Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 1,944 3,656 2,752 3,709 3,826
Less: Cash and cash equivalents (9,190) (6,071) (7,892) (7,823)| (10,891)
Less: Current available-for-sale financial assets (601) (506) (533) (517) (524)
Plus: Post-employment benefits 9,265 9,325 9,890 9,856 9,801
Less: SFS Debt (15,600) (15,004)| _ (14,879)| _—(14,490)| (14,558)
Less: Fair value hedge accounting adjustment? (1,247) (1,323) (1,473) (1,570) (1,670)
Capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations) 31,706 37,127 34,667 36,367 34,289
Less: Assets classified as held for disposal presented as discontinued operations (768) (4,783) (4,616) (4,589) (4,693)
Plus: Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal

presented as discontinued operations 258 1,948 1,948 2,045 2,010
Capital employed (continuing operations) 31,195 34,291 31,999 33,823 31,606

1D f Jue repre value mainly es in interest rates. A

air value hedg

nted above. For further
see - NOTE 30 in

> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

247
337 |

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship
225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

C10
can

of German Commercial Code)

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis

191


--- Page 21 ---

192

‘ar ended September 30,

(in millions of €) 2014 2013
Income from continuing operations before interest after tax
Net income 5,507 4,409
Less: Other interest expenses/income, net (606) (455)
Plus: SFS Other interest expenses/income? 630 556
Plus: Net interest expenses from post-employment benefits 295 297
Less: Taxes on interest adjustments? (87) (111)
Income before interest after tax 5,739 4,695
Less: Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (108) (231)
Income from continuing operations before interest after tax 5,632 4,465
Return on capital employed (ROCE) (continuing and discontinued operations)
(I) Income before interest after tax 5,739 4,695
(II) Average capital employed (continuing and discontinued operations)? 33,219 34,831
()/() ROCE (continuing and discontinued operations) 17.3% 13.5%
Return on capital employed (ROCE) (continuing operations)
(I) Income from continuing operations before interest after tax 5,632 4,465
(II) Average capital employed (continuing operations)? 32,777 32,583
(1 (Ml) ROCE (continuing operations) 17.2% 13.7%

SFS Other interest

SOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME.

C.2.6.3 DEFINITIONS OF OTHER

FINANCIAL MEASURES.

We also use other financial measures in addition to the mea-
sures described above, such as orders and order backlog for the
assessment of our future revenue potential. We define and cal-
culate orders and order backlog as follows:

Under our policy for the recognition of orders, we generally
recognize the total contract amount for an order when we enter
into a contract that we consider legally effective and compul-
sory based on a number of different criteria. The contract
amount is the agreed price or fee for that portion of the contract
for which the delivery of goods and/or the provision of services
has been irrevocably agreed. Future revenue from long-term
service, maintenance and outsourcing contracts is recognized
as orders in the amount of the total contract value only if there
is adequate assurance that the contract will remain in effect for
its entire duration (e.g., due to high exit barriers for the cus-
tomer). Orders are generally recognized immediately when the
relevant contract is considered legally effective and compul-
sory. The only exceptions are orders with short overall contract
terms. In this case, a separate reporting of orders would provide
no significant additional information regarding our perfor-
mance. For orders of this type, the recognition of orders thus
occurs when the corresponding revenue is recognized.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Order backlog represents an indicator for the future revenues
of our Company resulting from already recognized orders. Order
backlog is calculated by adding the orders of the current fiscal
year to the balance of the order backlog as of the end of the
prior fiscal year and then subtracting the revenue recognized in
the current fiscal year. If the amount of an order already recog-
nized in the current or the previous fiscal years is modified or
if an order from the current fiscal year is cancelled, we adjust
orders for the current quarter and also our order backlog
accordingly, but do not retroactively adjust previously pub-
lished orders. However, if an order from a previous fiscal year is
cancelled, orders of the current quarter and, accordingly, the
current fiscal year are generally not adjusted; instead, the exist-
ing order backlog is revised directly. Aside from cancellations,
the order backlog is also subject to currency translation and
portfolio effects.

There is no standard system for compiling and calculating or-
ders and order backlog information that applies across compa-
nies. Accordingly, our orders and order backlog may not be
comparable with orders and order backlog measures reported
by other companies. We subject our orders and our order back-
log to internal documentation and review requirements. We
may change our policies for recognizing orders and order back-
log in the future without previous notice.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 22 ---

11 1C.3 Results of operations

C.3.1 Orders and revenue by region

Orders for fiscal 2014 totaled €78.350 billion, and revenue came
in at €71.920 billion. Both represented a 2% decrease year-over-
year, due in part to unfavorable currency translation effects.
The resulting book-to-bill ratio was 1.09 for Siemens in fiscal
2014. On a comparable basis, excluding currency translation
and portfolio effects, orders and revenue both grew 1% year-
over-year.

The order backlog (defined as the sum of order backlogs of the
Sectors) was €100 billion as of September 30, 2014, up from
€94 billion a year earlier.

|_ Orders (location of customer)

Year ended » Change therein
September 30
Compa Cur-| Port
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 | Actual] rable'] rency| _ folio
Europe, C.1.S.2
Africa, Middle East | 41,542] 43,889] (5)%| (4)%J| (1)% 0%
therein Germany 10,986 | 11,616 | (5)%| (5)% 0% 0%
Americas 20,880 | 21,070] (1)% 4% | _(5)% 1%
therein U.S. 14,842 | 13,592 9% 11% | (3)% 1%
Asia, Australia 15,929 | 14,796 8% 12% | (4)% 0%
therein China 6,641 6,053 10% 12% | _(2)% 0%
Siemens 78,350 | 79,755 | (2)% 1% | (3)% 0%
1 Excluding currency translation and portfolio effects.
2. Commonwealth of Independent States

Orders related to external customers in fiscal 2014 decreased
2%, largely due to a moderate decline in Infrastructure & Cities
where prior-year orders included a €3.0 billion contract for
trains and maintenance in the U.K. Slight decreases in Health-
care and Energy were only partially offset by order growth in
Industry.

In the region Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East, the decline
in orders was due mainly to a double-digit decrease in Infra-
structure & Cities caused by a lower volume from large orders
compared to a year earlier. Orders came in slightly lower in
the Americas, despite 9% order growth in the U.S. Key growth
drivers here included Siemens’ largest-ever order for light rail
vehicles in the U.S. and a rebound in the U.S. wind business
after a sharp drop in the previous year. Clear order growth in
Asia, Australia was due in part to a higher volume from large
orders in Energy. In addition, China contributed to the regional
development with a sharp increase in Infrastructure & Cities
and double-digit order growth in Industry.

On a global basis, orders from emerging markets, as these mar-
kets are defined by the International Monetary Fund, remained
level year-over-year, and accounted for €27.471 billion, or 35%,
of total orders for fiscal 2014. Comparable order growth in
emerging markets was 6% year-over-year.

|_ Revenue (location of customer)

Year ended Change therein
September 30
Compa: Cur- Port:
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 | Actual rable’ rency folio
Europe, C.1S.?
Africa, Middle East | 38,732] 39,390] (2)%| (1)%| (1)%| 0%
therein Germany | 10,857| 10,652| 2%| 2% %| 0%
Americas 18,756| 19,644] (5)%| 0%] (5)%| 0%
therein U.S. 12,876 | 13,110| (2)%| 1% | (3)%| 1%
Asia, Australia 14,433| 14,411] 0%| 4%] (4)%| 0%
therein China 6,442| 5,866| 10%| 12%| (2)%| 0%
Siemens 71,920] 73,445] (2)%| 1%| (3)%| 0%

1 Excluding currency translatio effects.

hc

2 Comm

lependent Sta

Revenue related to external customers declined 2% com-
pared to fiscal 2013. Clear revenue growth year-over-year in
Infrastructure & Cities resulting from the continuing execution
of large rolling-stock projects, was more than offset by a clear
decline in Energy, which saw revenue fall in many of its
businesses and in all three reporting regions. Industry revenue
came in near the prior-year level and Healthcare reported
a slight decline, both including unfavorable currency trans-
lation effects.

While revenue in Asia, Australia came in near the prior-year
level, it included double-digit revenue growth in China that
resulted from a sharp increase in Infrastructure & Cities and a
solid contribution from Industry. In the Americas, revenue was
lower year-over-year in all Sectors, due in part to currency trans-
lation headwinds as mentioned above. A double-digit decrease
in Energy revenue in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East more
than offset clear growth in Infrastructure & Cities. Emerging
markets reported a 2% decline compared to fiscal 2013 and
accounted for €24.312 billion, or 34%, of total revenue in fiscal
2014. Comparable revenue growth in emerging markets was 3%
year-over-year.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

193


--- Page 23 ---

194

| orders and revenue by quarter (in millions of €)

Orders Revenue Book-to-bill ratio
an 0S wn | 2,7) 1.01 |
ao | 2} aT ao | 7 1.09 =
av | 377 ay |) aa 1.07 =
qn. | 23 v4 | 16777 1.21 —
an | e203 | 25) 0.99 |
eo | en | 13 1.09 =
a | _ a: | v2 1.21 —
q23 | 137 qos | 17277 1.09 i
|
C.3.2 Segment information analysis
C.3.2.1 ENERGY
| Sector
Year ended Ser % Change therein
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Actual Comparable" Currency Portfolio
Profit 1,569 1,955 (20)%
Profit margin 6.4% 7.3%
Orders 28,646 28,797 (1)% 4% (3)% (1)%
Total revenue 24,631 26,638 (8)% (3)% (3)% (1)%
External revenue 24,380 26,425 (8)%
therein.
Europe, C.I.S.,? Africa, Middle East 12,766 14,382 (11)%
therein Germany 2,507 2,246 12%
Americas 7,013 7,155 (2)%
Asia, Australia 4,601 4,888 (6)%
la ency translation and port 2 Commonw

Energy Sector profit of €1.569 billion in fiscal 2014 was down
significantly compared to a year earlier, due mainly to continu-
ing profitability challenges including a revenue decline anda
less favorable business mix. Both periods included substantial
burdens on profit. In the current period, the impacts included
€538 million in charges at Power Transmission and €272 mil-
lion in charges at Wind Power. Burdens on Sector profit a year
ago included €301 million in charges for the “Siemens 2014”
program, a loss of €255 million at Siemens’ solar activities,
€171 million in charges at Power Transmission, among others,
€94 million in charges related to onshore wind turbine blades
and €46 million in charges related to compliance with sanc-
tions on Iran at Power Generation. The Power Generation Divi-
sion increased its profit year-over-year, benefiting from a gain
on the sale of the Division’s turbo fan business and a positive
effect from a successful project completion. Power Trans-
mission posted a sharply higher loss year-over-year, and Wind
Power reported a loss compared to a profit in fiscal 2013.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Revenue for the Sector came in 8% lower than a year ago on
decreases in all three reporting regions, reflecting weak order
development at Power Generation and selective order intake at
Power Transmission in the past. Power Generation and Power
Transmission posted revenue declines compared to the prior
year, while Wind Power clearly increased its revenue. Orders
for the Sector came in 1% lower than in the prior year. On a
regional basis, an increase in the Asia, Australia reporting
region was more than offset by a decline in the Americas.
Negative currency translation effects took three percentage
points from both revenue and order development during the
year. The book-to-bill ratio for Energy was 1.16, and its order
backlog was €58 billion at the end of the fiscal year. Out of the
order backlog as of September 30, 2014, orders of €19 billion
are expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal 2015 and the
remainder in the periods thereafter.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172
187
193
205
210

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 24 ---

| orders by Business

Year ended September 30, % Change there

(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Actual Comparable" Currency Portfolio
Power Generation 15,478 16,366 (5)% 0% (4)% (2)%
Wind Power 7,748 6,593 18% 19% (2)% 0%
Power Transmission 5,586 5,700 (2)% 2% (4)% 0%

14. Excluding currency translation an

| Revenue by Business

Year ended September 30, % Change there

(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Actual Comparable" Currency Portfolio
Power Generation 13,909 15,242 (9)% (4)% (3)% (2)%
Wind Power 5,500 5,174 6% 9% (3)% 0%
Power Transmission 5,310 6,167 (14)% (10)% (3)% 0%

| 1. excluding currency translation and portfolio ef

| Profit and Profit margin by Business

Profit Profit margin
Year ended September 30, Year et

(in millions of €) 2014 2013 % Change 2014
Power Generation 2,186 2,126 3% 15.7%
Wind Power (15) 306 nia (0.3)%
Power Transmission (636) (156) >(200)% (12.0)%

Profit at Power Generation in fiscal 2014 increased moderately
year-over-year to €2.186 billion, despite a 9% revenue decline.
The current period benefited from a €73 million gain on the sale
of the Division’s turbo fan business and a positive €72 million
effect from a successful project completion in the turnkey busi-
ness. The Division continues to face challenges in an increas-
ingly competitive market for large gas turbines. For comparison,
profit development a year earlier was held back by €163 million
in “Siemens 2014” charges and €46 million in charges related to
compliance with sanctions on Iran. Revenue for the Division
decreased 9% year-over-year on declines in all three reporting
regions, due in part to negative currency translation. Order in-
take was below the level of the prior year, including strong neg-
ative currency translation effects, as declines in the Americas
and Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East were only partially offset
by an increase in Asia, Australia. On an organic basis, order
intake was on the same level as in the prior year.

Wind Power reported a loss of €15 million in fiscal 2014, com-
pared to a profit of €306 million in fiscal 2013. The Division
recorded charges of €272 million for inspecting and replacing
main bearings in onshore wind turbines and for repairing
offshore and onshore wind blades. The revenue mix was
clearly less favorable year-over-year, due to a significantly lower

contribution from the higher-margin offshore business. In addi-
tion, the Division's production costs were higher compared to
the prior year. For comparison, fiscal 2013 profit was burdened
by €94 million in charges related to inspecting and retrofitting
onshore turbine blades, but benefited from positive effects re-
lated to project completions and the settlement of a claim
related to an offshore wind-farm project. Revenue was up 6% as
an increase in the onshore business, particularly in the Ameri-
cas, more than offset the above-mentioned decline in the off-
shore business. Order intake was up significantly year-over-
year as order intake in the Americas region grew sharply, driven
mainly by a recovery in the U.S., the Division’s largest national
market for onshore wind power, from a low basis of comparison
in the prior year that resulted from uncertainty about continu-
ation of production tax incentives.

Power Transmission reported a loss of €636 million, substan-
tially wider than the loss a year earlier mainly due to project
execution challenges. In the current year, the Division took
charges totaling €298 million related to two high voltage direct
current (HVDC) transmission line projects in Canada, resulting
from revised estimates for civil engineering and infrastructure
provided by suppliers as well as penalties for associated project
delays, among other factors. In addition, the Division took

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

195


--- Page 25 ---

196

charges of €240 million primarily related to grid connections to
offshore wind-farms resulting from transport, installation and
commissioning costs, compared to charges of €171 million in
the prior year. The Division reached several material milestones
with respect to its North Sea grid connection projects in fiscal
2014. Finally, profit development in fiscal 2014 was also held
back by a less favorable revenue mix due to a high proportion
of projects with low or negligible profit margins. In the prior

C.3.2.2 HEALTHCARE

year, the Division recorded €129 million in charges for the
“Siemens 2014” program. Revenue was down 14% on decreases
in all reporting regions, due mainly to selective order intake in
prior periods primarily in the solutions business. Order intake
was down 2% year-over-year on decreases in the Americas
and Asia, Australia, held back by negative currency translation
effects. On an organic basis, orders grew 2%. Legacy projects
are expected to hold back results going forward.

| Sector
Year ended September 30, % Change there
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Actual | __Comparable" Currency Portfolio
Profit 2,027 2,033 0%
Profit margin 16.3% 16.1%
Orders 12,819 13,004 (1)% 3% (4)% 0%
Total revenue 12,429 12,649 (2)% 2% (4)% 0%
External revenue 12,401 12,626 (2)%
therein
Europe, C.I.S.,? Africa, Middle East 4,391 4,392 0%
therein Germany 880 903 (2)%
Americas 4,729 4,815 (2)%
Asia, Australia 3,281 3,419 (4)%
| 4. Excluding currency translation and portfolio 2 Commonw of Independent

The Healthcare Sector delivered €2.027 billion in profit in fiscal
2014, close to the level of the prior year. Results in the current
period include burdens on profit from currency effects due to
the greater strength of the euro compared to fiscal 2013. These
unfavorable effects were strongest at the Sector's imaging and
therapy systems businesses and at Diagnostics, and they more
than offset a €66 million positive effect related to the sale of a
particle therapy installation in Marburg, Germany. For compar-
ison, Sector profit in fiscal 2013 was burdened by €80 million in
charges associated with the Sector's “Agenda 2013" initiative.

Despite negative currency effects, profit at Diagnostics rose
significantly to €417 million. For comparison, profit of €350 mil-
lion a year earlier was held back by €35 million in charges for
the Sector's “Agenda 2013” initiative. Purchase price allocation
(PPA) effects related to past acquisitions at Diagnostics were
€163 million in fiscal 2014. A year earlier, Diagnostics recorded
€169 million in PPA effects.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Revenue and orders for Healthcare in fiscal 2014 declined
slightly year-over-year. Negative currency translation effects
affected reported results for most of the Sector's businesses,
and also reduced reported revenue and orders in Asia, Australia
and the Americas compared to fiscal 2013. On a comparable
basis, both revenue and orders were up. The book-to-bill ratio
was 1.03, and Healthcare's order backlog was €4 billion at the
end of fiscal 2014. Out of the order backlog as of September 30,
2014, orders of €3 billion are expected to be converted into rev-
enue in fiscal 2015 and the remainder in the periods thereafter.

The Diagnostics business reported revenue of €3.834 billion in
fiscal 2014, a 3% decrease from €3.942 billion a year earlier.
Aclear decline in the Americas was due primarily to headwinds
from currency translation as mentioned above. On a compara-
ble basis, Diagnostics revenue was up 1% year-over-year.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 26 ---

C.3.2.3 INDUSTRY

| sector
Year ended September 30, % Change there
(in millions of €) 2014 2013, Actual | __Comparable! Currency Portfolio
Profit 2,252 1,563 44%
Profit margin 13.2% 9.2%
Orders 17,103 16,688 2% 5% (3)% 0%
Total revenue 17,064 16,896 1% 4% (3)% 0%
External revenue 15,346 15,256 1%
therein.
Europe, C.1.S.,? Africa, Middle East 8,906 8,839 1%
therein Germany 4,141 4,145 0%
Americas 2,592 2,718 (5)%
Asia, Australia 3,848 3,699 4%

14 Excluding currency translation and 2 Commonn

In fiscal 2014, profit at Industry rose sharply to €2.252 billion,
supported by a more favorable revenue mix and improved pro-
ductivity compared to the prior year. For comparison, profit in
the prior-year period was burdened by €375 million in “Siemens
2014” charges. Through most of fiscal 2014, the market environ-
ment for the Sector’s businesses was clearly more favorable
than a year earlier. While reported orders and revenue for the
year were up 2% and 1%, respectively, both were held back by
negative currency translation effects that took away three per-
centage points from reported growth.

| orders by Business

On a geographic basis, order and revenue development was
supported largely by growth in Asia, Australia, driven by China,
and by a slight increase in Europe, C.IS., Africa, Middle East.
Reported orders and revenue in the Americas region were
lower compared to the prior-year period, held back by negative
currency translation effects. The book-to-bill ratio was 1.00, and
Industry's order backlog was €7 billion at the end of fiscal 2014.
Out of the order backlog as of September 30, 2014, orders of
€5 billion are expected to be converted into revenue in fiscal
2015 and the remainder in the periods thereafter.

Year ended September 30, % Change there
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Actual Comparable’ Currency Portfolio
Industry Automation 8,412 8,143 3% 5% (3)% 1%
Drive Technologies 9,210 9,024 2% 5% (3)% 0%
| 1 excluding currency translation and
| Revenue by Business
Year ended September 30, % Change there
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Actual Comparable’ Currency Portfolio
Industry Automation 8,353 8,194 2% 4% (3)% 1%
Drive Technologies 9,211 9,208 0% 3% (2)% 0%
14. Excluding currency translation and po
247 Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

337 |:

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)


--- Page 27 ---

| profit and Profit margin by Business

Profit Profit margin
Year ended Septembe
(in millions of €) 2014 % Change
Industry Automation 1,401 1,038 35%
Drive Technologies 843 527 60%

Profit at Industry Automation increased substantially year-
over year to €1.401 billion on an improved business mix and
higher results in all businesses, up from €1.038 billion in the
prior-year period which included €114 million in “Siemens 2014”
charges. Profit development further included higher revenue
and lower acquisition-related effects. In particular, PPA effects
related to the acquisition of UGS Corp. in fiscal 2007 were
€93 million in the current period compared to €147 million a
year earlier. In addition, the Division recorded PPA effects of
€44 million related to LMS International NV (LMS), acquired in
the second quarter of fiscal 2013. For comparison, PPA effects
related to LMS in the prior year were €33 million, while de-
ferred revenue adjustments and inventory step-ups totaled
€43 million.

Order and revenue development for the Division was driven
mainly by double-digit growth in Asia, Australia, led by China.
In addition, order growth of 3% year-over-year included a mod-
erate increase in the Americas. Revenue came in 2% above
the prior year and included a slight increase in Europe, C.LS.,

C.3.2.4 INFRASTRUCTURE & CITIES

Africa, Middle East. Reported revenue in the Americas showed
a slight decline due to unfavorable currency translation effects.

Profit at Drive Technologies in fiscal 2014 increased to
€843 million on contributions from most of its businesses.
Profit development included a higher share of revenue from
the Division's higher-margin motion control business and an
improved cost position. For comparison, profit of €527 million a
year earlier was burdened by €243 million in “Siemens 2014”
charges. Due to unfavorable currency translation effects,
reported revenue was level year-over-year while orders grew
2% on a higher volume of large internal orders from Siemens’
rail business.

On a geographic basis, double-digit order growth in China drove
a moderate increase in Asia, Australia while orders in Europe,
C.LS., Africa, Middle East came in slightly above their prior-year
level. Revenue was flat in these two reporting regions. Both
orders and revenue came in lower in the Americas, held back
by unfavorable currency translation effects.

| sector
Year ended Septe! % Change there
(in millions of €) 2014 Actual Currency Portfolio
Profit 1,487 >200%
Profit margin 7.9%
Orders 21,001 (4)% (4)% (2)% 2%
Total revenue 18,934 6% 6% (3)% 3%
External revenue 18,291 7%
therein.
Europe, C.I.S.2 Africa, Middle East 11,560 10,494 10%
therein Germany 2,763 2,635 5%
Americas 4,075 4,288 (5)%
Asia, Australia 2,656 2,367 12%

| 1 excluding currency translation an

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 28 ---

In fiscal 2014, Infrastructure & Cities executed its projects
solidly, improved its productivity, and again won a number of
very large infrastructure orders. Profit for the Sector rose to
€1.487 billion and all its Businesses contributed to the increase
year-over-year. For comparison, profit of €291 million in the
prior year was impacted by €468 million in “Siemens 2014”
charges as well as project charges including charges of
€270 million related to high-speed trains. Transportation &
Logistics, which posted a loss in the prior fiscal year due to the
project charges just mentioned and a majority share of the Sec-
tor's “Siemens 2014” charges, delivered a profit of €440 million
in fiscal 2014 and made the strongest contribution to the
Sector's profit improvement year-over-year. Power Grid Solu-
tions & Products and Building Technologies improved their prof-
its sharply year-over-year, to €566 million and €501 million, re-
spectively. While both Businesses posted lower revenue, they
improved productivity and generated a more favorable revenue
mix year-over-year.

| Orders by Business

Sector revenue in fiscal 2014 rose 6% compared to the prior
fiscal year, due to a double-digit increase at Transportation &
Logistics. This business continued to execute large rolling stock
projects won in prior periods, and also recorded four quarters of
revenue from the acquisition of Invensys Rail which closed
during the third quarter of the prior year. Large orders in the
current period included a contract worth €1.6 billion for two
driverless subway lines in Saudi Arabia. A year earlier, large
orders included among others a contract worth €3.0 billion for
trains and maintenance in the U.K., and as a result fiscal 2014
orders for the Sector came in 4% lower year-over-year. On a geo-
graphic basis, the Sector reported double-digit revenue in-
creases in Asia, Australia and Europe, C.I.S, Africa, Middle East,
only partly offset by a decline in the Americas. For orders,
double-digit increases in the Americas and Asia, Australia
were more than offset by a double-digit decline in Europe,
C.LS., Africa, Middle East. On a book-to-bill ratio of 1.11, Infra-
structure & Cities’ order backlog rose to €31 billion at the end of
fiscal 2014. Out of the order backlog as of September 30, 2014,
orders of €10 billion are expected to be converted into revenue
in fiscal 2015 and the remainder in the periods thereafter.

Year ended September 30, % Change there
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Actual Comparable" Currency Portfolio
Transportation & Logistics 9,184 10,040 (9)% (13)% (1)% 5%
Power Grid Solutions & Products 6,481 6,392 1% 6% (5)% 0%
Building Technologies 5,587 5,769 (3)% (1)% (2)% 0%
14. Excluding currency translation an
| Revenue by Business
Year ended Se % Change there
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Actual Comparable" Currency Portfolio
Transportation & Logistics 7,615 6,318 21% 14% (2)% 8%
Power Grid Solutions & Products 6,005 6,102 (2)% 3% (4)% 0%
Building Technologies 5,569 5,754 (3)% (1)% (2)% 0%
11. Excluding currency translation and pi
|_ Profit and Profit margin by Business
Profit Profit margin
Year ended September 30, ied September 30,
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 % Change 2014 2013
Transportation & Logistics 440 (448) nia 5.8% (7.1)%
Power Grid Solutions & Products 566 403 41% 9.4% 6.6%
Building Technologies 501 351 43% 9.0% 6.1%
|
247 | 0. Consolidated Financial Statements
337 | E. Additional Information

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)


--- Page 29 ---

200

Transportation & Logistics contributed a profit of €440 mil-
lion in the current fiscal year, compared to a loss of €448 mil-
lion a year earlier. Profit development in the current fiscal was
driven primarily by significantly higher revenue and solid proj-
ect execution. Profit also benefited from a €55 million net effect
from the release of accruals related to the “Siemens 2014” pro-
gram and a €27 million positive effect stemming from a change
in risk assessment for a rail project. For comparison, the loss in
the prior fiscal year was due to substantial profit impacts, in-
cluding the above-mentioned €270 million in project charges,
which stemmed from delays for receiving certification for new
high-speed trains, and €267 million in “Siemens 2014" charges.
Prior-year profit was also burdened by €76 million in trans-
action and integration costs and PPA effects of €23 million
related to the acquisition of Invensys Rail, which closed during
the third quarter of fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2014, full-year PPA ef-
fects related to the acquisition of Invensys Rail were €53 mil-
lion and integration costs amounted to €34 million. Revenue at
Transportation & Logistics rose substantially year-over-year, as
the Business has been executing a number of its large roll-
ing-stock orders. Orders declined 9% compared to fiscal 2013,
due primarily to lower volume from large orders. For example,
fiscal 2014 included the Business’s share of the above-men-
tioned €1.6 billion order from Saudi Arabia, while the prior fis-
cal year included the entire €3.0 billion order from the U.K.
mentioned above. Both revenue and order development in
fiscal 2014 benefited from the acquisition of Invensys rail.

Profit at Power Grid Solutions & Products rose to €566 million
from €403 million in the prior fiscal year. Profit grew on im-
proved productivity as well as a more favorable revenue mix.
For comparison, profit in fiscal 2013 was burdened by €97 mil-
lion in “Siemens 2014” charges. Slightly lower revenue year-
over-year included declines in the Americas and the Asia,
Australia regions. A slight increase in orders included the Busi-
ness’s share of the above-mentioned order from Saudi Arabia.
Revenue and order development in fiscal 2014 was strongly
affected by negative currency translation effects. On an organic
basis, revenue was up 3% and orders rose 6% year-over-year.

Building Technologies increased its profit to €501 million
compared to €351 million in the prior fiscal year. Profit growth
year-over-year was supported by higher productivity and a
more favorable business mix related to the Division’s high-
er-margin product and service businesses. For comparison,
profit in fiscal 2013 was held back by €100 million in “Siemens
2014” charges. Both revenue and orders declined 3% year-over-
year. On a regional basis, lower volume was due mainly to the
Americas.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

C.3.2.5 EQUITY INVESTMENTS

In fiscal 2014, Equity Investments generated €328 million in
profit, down from €411 million a year earlier. Profit at Equity
Investments in both fiscal years included equity investment
income related to our stake in BSH. Beginning with the second
quarter of fiscal 2014, we started to report results related to our
stake in BSH in phase with results of Siemens, rather than with
the lag of one quarter. This one-time catch-up effect contrib-
uted €59 million to profit at Equity Investments in fiscal 2014.
Late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we announced an
agreement to sell our stake in BSH to Robert Bosch GmbH.
Profit at Equity Investments in the prior year benefited from a
positive effect of €301 million stemming from a partial reversal
of a fiscal 2009 impairment of our stake in NSN, which was sold
at the end of fiscal 2013. This positive effect was only partly
offset by an equity investment loss related to our share in Unify
Holdings B.V. (formerly named Enterprise Networks) of €96 mil-
lion. This loss was due largely to additions to our net invest-
ment in Unify, which required us to recognize previously un-
recognized losses.

C.3.2.6 FINANCIAL SERVICES (SFS)

Year ended September 30, % Change
(in millions of ©) 2014 2013
Income before income taxes 465 409 14%
Total assets 21,970 18,661 18%

SFS delivered €465 million in profit (defined as income before
income taxes) in fiscal 2014. For comparison, profit of €409 mil-
lion in the prior-year period was burdened primarily by a
€52 million impairment of an equity stake in a power plant
project in the U.S. SFS continued to successfully support
Siemens business and grow in its focus areas leading to higher
interest income and associated expenses. Total assets rose to
€21.970 billion at the end of fiscal 2014, compared to €18.661 bil-
lion at the end of fiscal 2013, including positive currency trans-
lation effects and substantial early terminations of financings.

C.3.2.7 RECONCILIATION TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements includes
Centrally managed portfolio activities, Siemens Real Estate
(SRE) and various categories of items which are not allocated to
the Sectors and to SFS because the Company's management
has determined that such items are not indicative of the Sec-
tors’ and SFS' respective performance.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 30 ---

Centrally managed portfolio activities

Centrally managed portfolio activities reported a profit of
€44 million in fiscal 2014, compared to a loss of €113 million
in fiscal 2013. Results for the prior year included €100 million in
charges related to two large projects remaining from the Metals
Technologies business, formerly reported within Industry, that
were not classified as discontinued operations.

Siemens Real Estate (SRE)

Income before income taxes at SRE was €241 million in fiscal
2014, compared to €168 million in fiscal 2013. As in the past,
income from SRE continues to be highly dependent on dis-
posals of real estate.

Corporate items and pensions

Corporate items and pensions reported a loss of €938 million in
fiscal 2014, compared to a loss of €836 million in fiscal 2013.
Within these figures, the loss at Corporate items was €545 mil-
lion, compared to a loss of €419 million in fiscal 2013. The

C.3.3 Income

current period included expenses resulting from changes in
the fair value of warrants issued together with US$3 billion in
bonds in fiscal 2012, as well as negative effects related to legal
and regulatory matters. The fair value of the warrants depends
on the underlying Siemens and OSRAM share prices as well as
their respective volatilities. Because this effect is accounted
for in Corporate items, results for Corporate items are expected
to remain variable in coming periods. Centrally carried pen-
sion expense totaled €393 million in fiscal 2014, compared to
€416 million in fiscal 2013.

Eliminations, Corporate Treasury

and other reconciling items

Income before income taxes from Eliminations, Corporate
Treasury and other reconciling items was a negative €48 mil-
lion in fiscal 2014, compared to a negative €70 million in
the same period a year earlier. The change year-over-year in-
cluded higher interest income from liquidity at Corporate
Treasury.

d September 30,

(in millions of €) 2014 2013 % Change
Energy 1,569 1,955 (20)%
Healthcare 2,027 2,033 0%
Industry 2,252 1,563 44%
Infrastructure & Cities 1,487 291 >200%

Total Sectors profit 7,335 5,842 26%

Equity Investments 328 411 (20)%

Financial Services (SFS) 465 409 14%

Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements (700) (850) 17%

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 7,427 5,813 28%

Income tax expenses (2,028) (1,634) (24)%

Income from continuing operations 5,400 4,179 29%

Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 108 231 (53)%

Net income 5,507 4,409 25%
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 134 126
Net income attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG 5,373 4,284 25%

As a result of the developments described in —> c.3.2 SEGMENT
INFORMATION ANALYsIs, Income from continuing operations
before income taxes increased 28% year-over-year. With a
lower effective tax rate compared to fiscal 2013 (27% in fiscal
2014 vs. 28% in fiscal 2013), Income from continuing opera-
tions increased 29% year-over-year.

In fiscal 2014, the hospital information system business, for-
merly included in the Healthcare Sector, and nearly all of the
Metals Technology business, formerly included in the Industry
Sector, were classified as discontinued operations. Income
from discontinued operations, net of income taxes in fiscal
2014 was €108 million compared to €231 million a year earlier.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

201


--- Page 31 ---

While Income from discontinued operations in the current
period benefited from a positive €64 million tax effect related
to former Communications activities, the prior year included
Income from discontinued operations of €277 million related to
OSRAM, which was spun off in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013.

As a result of the changes in Income from continuing opera-
tions and Income from discontinued operations, Net income
and Net income attributable to shareholders were 25% higher
than a year earlier.

C.3.4 Reconciliation to adjusted EBITDA

The following table gives additional information on topics
included in Profit and Income before income taxes and pro-
vides a reconciliation to adjusted EBITDA based on continuing
operations.

| For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013

Corresponding basic EPS rose 25% to €6.37 compared to €5.08
in the prior year, primarily reflecting higher Net income attri-
butable to shareholders of Siemens AG.

In fiscal 2014, ROCE from continuing operations was 17.2%,
thus clearly returning to our target range of 15 to 20%. In fiscal
2013, ROCE from continuing operations was 13.7%. The increase
was due primarily to the substantial increase in Income from
continuing operations and a slightly lower average capital
employed. For more detail on the calculation of ROCE, see
—> €.2.6.2 RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE).

Profi In
investments accounted
for using the
equity method, net
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 2014 2013
Sectors
Energy Sector 1,569 1,955 129 (9)
therein: Power Generation 2,186 2,126 32 32
Wind Power (15) 306 52 (8)
Power Transmission (636) (156) 29 20
Healthcare Sector 2,027 2,033 6 8
therein: Diagnostics 417 350 -
Industry Sector 2,252 1,563 2 (4)
therein: Industry Automation 1,401 1,038 -
Drive Technologies 843 527 2 (5)
Infrastructure & Cities Sector 1,487 291 28 26
therein: Transportation & Logistics 440 (448) 16 18
Power Grid Solutions & Products 566 403 10 8
Building Technologies 501 351 2
Total Sectors 7,335 5,842 165 (10)
Equity Investments 328 411 297 372
Financial Services (SFS) 465 409 66 85
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements
Centrally managed portfolio activities 44 (113) 55 69
Siemens Real Estate (SRE) 241 168 -
Corporate items and pensions (938) (836) (2)
Eliminations, Corporate Treasury and other reconciling items (48) (70) 1 (6)
Siemens 7,427 5,813 582 510
|
Beginning with fiscal 2015, we calculate EBITDA without the
elimination of income (loss) from investments accounted for
using the equity method, net.
108 | A | To our Shareholders 131 | B. | Corporate Governance 171 | c | Combined Management Report

202

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 32 ---

Financial income Adjusted EBIT Amortization and Depreciation and Adjusted EBITDA | Adjusted EBITDA marg
(expenses), net impairment of other mpairments of
angible assets property, plant and
equipment and goodw

2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013

(41) (27) 1,481 2,022 101 132 406 478 1,988 2,631 8.1% 9.9%
(22) (16) 2,177 2,110 57 68 204 222 2,438 2,399
(12) (6) (55) 320 31 32 109 103 85 454
(10) (10) (655) (167) 14 13 89 114 (552) (39)

23 (19) 1,999 2,045 245 266 308 311 2,551 2,622 20.5% 20.7%
25 (27) 392 377 184 196 200 211 776 784

2 (16) 2,248 1,583 242 296 302 342 2,792 2,220 16.4% 13.1%
4 (4) 1,396 1,041 196 240 119 123 1711 1,404
(2) (11) 843 542 45 56 182 219 1,070 817

a7) (14) 1,476 279 127 154 170 226 1,772 658 9.4% 3.7%
(12) (7) 435 (459) 65 39 57 99 556 (321)
(3) (6) 560 401 22 57 70 78 652 536
(2) 501 352 40 58 40 46 581 456
(33) (75) 7,203 5,928 715 848 1,185 1,356 9,103 8,131
29 23 1 16 - - - - 1 16
552 389 (153) (64) 5 5 190 225 41 166
(2) (2) (9) (180) 1 2 3 2 (5) (177)
(103) (109) 344 278 1 1 263 307 608 586
(360) (246) (576) (590) 19 17 59 74 (498) (498)
35 30 (83) (94) - (29) (34) (112) (128)
118 9 6,728 5,293 741 873 1,670 1,931 9,139 8,097

247 | 0. Consolidated Financial Statements
337 | E. Additional Information

213
214
215
225

C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position

7 | Subsequent events

C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

C.9 | Report on expected developments and
associated material opportunities and risks

242
242

C10
can

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

203


--- Page 33 ---

C.3.5 Selected information based
on new organizational structure

In May 2014, we announced a new organizational structure
that became effective with the beginning of fiscal 2015. In gen-
eral, financial measures presented in this Combined Manage-
ment Report are based on our organizational structure during
fiscal 2014. In this subchapter, we present selected financial
results for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 as they would have looked

if the new organizational structure as of beginning of fiscal
year 2015 had already been in place. As described in more detail
in > c.7 sussequent events, Audiology Solutions, formerly
reported within Healthcare, was classified as discontinued op-
erations in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. This classification is
already reflected in the numbers presented. Profit amounts are
reported in accordance with our enhanced definition of seg-
ment profit, which is described in more detail in — c.2 FINAN-
CIAL PERFORMANCE SYSTEM.

Orders Revenue
Year ended September 30, Year ended September 30,
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 2014 2013
Power and Gas 13,996 15,100 12,720 14,016
Wind Power and Renewables 7,759 6,870 5,567 5,382
Energy Management 11,210 11,405 10,708 11,672
Building Technologies 5,587 5,769 5,569 5,754
Mobility 9,280 9,707 7,249 5,823
Digital Factory 9,233 8,897 9,201 8,950
Process Industries and Drives 9,968 9,695, 9,645 9,834
Healthcare 12,126 12,338 11,736 11,983
Industrial business 79,158 79,781 72,396 73,414
|
I
Profit Profit margin
Year ended September 30, Year ended September 30,
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 2014 2013
Power and Gas 2,215 2,129 17.4% 15.2%
Wind Power and Renewables 6 7 0.1% 0,1%
Energy Management (86) 254 (0.8)% 2.2%
Building Technologies 511 377 9.2% 6.6%
Mobility 532 (232) 7.3% (4.0)%
Digital Factory 1,681 1,320 18.3% 14.8%
Process Industries and Drives 773 510 8.0% 5.2%
Healthcare 2,072 2,123 17.7% 17.7%
Industrial business 7,703 6,488 10.6% 8.8%
Financial Services 466 410
Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements (862) (1,177)
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 7,306 5,722
Income tax expenses (2,014) (1,652)
Income from continuing operations 5,292 4,070
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 215 340
Net income 5,507 4,409
|
108 | A. | To our Shareholders 131 | B. | Corporate Governance 171 | c. | Combined Management Report

204

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 34 ---

i11C.4 Financial position

C.4.1 Principles and objectives
of financial management

Siemens is committed to a strong financial profile, which pro-
vides the financial flexibility to achieve growth and portfolio
optimization goals largely independent of capital market con-
ditions.

Financial management at Siemens is executed according
to applicable laws and internal guidelines and regulations. It
includes the following activities:

LIQUIDITY MANAGEMENT

Siemens’ principal source of financing is cash inflows from
operating activities. Corporate Treasury generally manages
cash and cash equivalents for Siemens and has primary respon-
sibility for raising funds in the capital markets for Siemens
through various debt products, with the exception of countries
with conflicting capital market controls. The relevant consoli-
dated subsidiaries in these countries obtain financing primarily
from local banks. Siemens follows a prudent borrowing policy
that is aimed towards a balanced financing portfolio, a diversi-
fied maturity profile and a comfortable liquidity cushion. Espe-
cially since the beginning of the global financial markets crisis,
Siemens monitors very closely the funding options available in
the capital markets, trends in the availability of funds and the
cost of such funding in order to evaluate possible strategies
regarding its financial and risk profile.

CASH MANAGEMENT

Cash management comprises the management of bank partner
relationships and bank accounts as well as the execution of
payments, including the administration of cash pools, on a
global level. Siemens strives to raise efficiency and transpar-
ency through a high level of standardization and continuous
advancement of payment processes. Where permissible, the
execution of intercompany and third party payments is effected
centrally through group-wide tools with central controls to en-
sure compliance with internal and external guidelines and
requirements. To ensure efficient management of Siemens’
funds, Corporate Treasury has established a central cash man-
agement approach: to the extent legally and economically fea-
sible, funds are pooled and managed centrally by Corporate
Treasury. Conversely, funding needs within Siemens are cov-
ered centrally by Corporate Treasury via intercompany current
accounts and/or loans where legally and economically feasible.

FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

Investments of cash and cash equivalents are subject to credit
requirements and counterparty limits. Corporate Treasury
pools and centrally manages Siemens’ interest rate exposure as
well as certain commodity, currency and credit risk exposures

and uses financial derivative instruments in transactions with
external financial institutions to offset such concentrated expo-
sures. Especially since the beginning of the global financial
market crisis, Siemens monitors very closely the counterparty
risk in its financial assets and financial derivative instruments.
For more detailed information about financial risk manage-
ment at Siemens, see —> noTE 31 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

MANAGEMENT OF POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
Siemens’ funding policy for post-employment-benefits is part
of its overall commitment to sound financial management,
which includes a continuous analysis of the structure of its pen-
sion liabilities. For more detailed information about Siemens’
pension plan funding, see -> note 22 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CON-
SOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

CAPITAL STRUCTURE MANAGEMENT

To effectively manage Siemens’ capital structure, Siemens
seeks to maintain ready access to the capital markets through
various debt products and to preserve its ability to repay and
service its debt obligations over time.

C.4.2 Capital structure

As of September 30, 2014 and 2013 our capital structure was
as follows:

September 30, % Change

(in millions of €) 2014 2013
Total equity attributable to
shareholders of Siemens AG 30,954 28,111 10%
As percentage of total capital 60% 58%

Short-term debt and current

maturities of long-term debt 1,620 1,944

Long-term debt 19,326 18,509
Total debt 20,947 20,453 2%
As percentage of total capital 40% 42%
Total capital
(total equity and total debt) 51,900 48,564 7%

For information on changes in equity and debt, see — c.5 NET
ASSETS POSITION.

We believe that sustainable revenue and profit development is
supported by a healthy capital structure. A key consideration of
our capital structure management is to maintain ready access
to the capital markets through various debt products and to
preserve our ability to repay and service our debt obligations

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

205


--- Page 35 ---

206

over time. In fiscal 2014, the target range for our capital struc-
ture was 0.5 — 1.0. The ratio is defined as the item Industrial net
debt divided by the item Adjusted EBITDA. This financial perfor-
mance measure indicates the approximate amount of time in
years that would be needed to cover industrial net debt through
continuing income, without taking into account interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization.

Our capital structure ratio as of September 30, 2014 decreased
to 0.15 from 0.35 a year earlier. The change was due to a de-
crease in industrial net debt and an increase in adjusted EBITDA
compared to the prior year. We actively manage this ratio
through our ongoing share buybacks. Our announced acquisi-
tions and divestments of businesses will also have a noticeable
impact on it in fiscal 2015.

For further information on the calculation of adjusted EBITDA
and its changes, see —> C.3.4 RECONCILIATION TO ADJUSTED EBITDA.
For further information with respect to our capital structure,
the calculation of industrial net debt and its changes, and our
credit rating, see —> note 26 in — D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

C.4.3 Investing activities

Additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equip-
ment from continuing operations was €1.831 billion in fiscal
2014, nearly unchanged from the level in the same period a
year earlier. In fiscal 2014, we directed €1.356 billion of these
additions to intangible assets and property, plant and equip-
ment within the Sectors to investments for technological inno-
vations, extending our capacities for designing, manufacturing
and marketing new solutions and for the necessary replace-
ments of fixed assets. The majority of the additions in fiscal
2014 took place in the focus areas of investing activities of the
former Sectors described below, which will basically continue
to be the focus areas regarding the investing activities of the
Industrial Business in fiscal 2015. The remaining portion in fis-
cal 2014, €475 million, related mainly to SRE and its responsibil-
ity for uniform and comprehensive management of Company
real estate worldwide.

The businesses of the former Energy Sector includes invest-
ments mainly in improving its global footprint to secure com-
petitiveness by improving its cost position and strengthening
technological innovations. These investments include mainly
spending in capacities and facilities related to the business of
the former Power Generation Division, such as new test facili-
ties for highly efficient gas turbines, and for the technology-
driven wind power market, particularly in northern Europe.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Healthcare's investments are mainly driven by the medical
imaging and therapy systems and laboratory diagnostics busi-
nesses. Large parts of the additions are related to intangible
assets, such as licenses as well as developing and implement-
ing software and IT solutions.

The businesses of the former Industry Sector spend a large por-
tion of its additions to intangible assets, particularly software,
and property, plant and equipment for additional capacities for
innovative products, for optimization of its global footprint;
and for the replacement of fixed assets.

The businesses of the former Infrastructure &Cities Sector
spend large amounts of their additions to intangible assets and
property, plant and equipment for investments in innovations
at the former Power Grid Solutions & Products Business, partic-
ularly including the business activities of the former Low and
Medium Voltage Division, and at the Building Technologies
Division. The businesses also invest significant amounts in the
replacement and expansion of technical equipment in order to
improve productivity and their respective positions in grow-
ing market segments, particularly at the former Transporta-
tion & Logistics Business.

The changes of additions to intangible assets and property,
plant and equipment from fiscal 2013 to 2014 were as follows:

Additions to intangible assets and property,
|_ plant and equipment (in millions of €)

Siemens (continuing operations)
FY 2014 1,831 SS)

1%
FY 2013 1,808 |
Energy Sector
FY 2014 449 =

6%
FY 2013 425 ——
Healthcare Sector
FY 2014 303 _

26%
FY 2013 241 _
Industry Sector
FY 2014 358 _—

(7)%
FY 2013 384 =
Infrastructure & Cities Sector
FY 2014 247 =

3%
FY 2013 239 _

For information with respect to acquisitions of businesses, see
—> €.1.1.2 BUSINESS DESCRIPTION.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 36 ---

C.4.4 Cash flows

|_ cash flows
Continuing operations | _ Discontinued operations Continuing and
discontinued operations
Year ended September 30 ied Septem ar ended September 30,
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
Cash flows from:
Operating activities 7,230 7,186 (131) 154 7,100 7,340
Investing activities (4,364) (4,759) 339 (317) (4,026) (5,076)
therein: Additions to intangible assets and property,
plant and equipment (1,831) (1,808) (67) (204) (1,898) (2,012)
Free cash flow 5,399 5,378 (198) (50) 5,201 5,328
Financing activities (4,485) (3,715) (2) 319 (4,487) (3,396)

Cash flows from operating activities —- Continuing operations
provided cash from operating activities of €7.230 billion in fis-
cal 2014, nearly unchanged from the level a year earlier. In both
periods, the major component of cash inflows was income
from continuing operations, which increased to €5.400 billion
in fiscal 2014 from €4.179 billion in the prior year. Included
therein were amortization, depreciation and impairments of
€2.411 billion in the current period and €2.804 billion in the
prior year. A decrease in operating net working capital led to
cash inflows of €0.1 billion in the current period compared to
outflows of €1.7 billion due to a build-up in operating net work-
ing capital a year earlier. The positive change year-over-year in
operating net working capital related mainly to Energy, in par-
ticular to the Wind Power Division, and to Infrastructure &
Cities’ Transportation &Logistics Business. In fiscal 2014 we
recorded negative effects related to changes in other assets and
liabilities, particularly personnel-related liabilities, compared to
positive effects in the prior year. The current period included
cash outflows of approximately €0.5 billion corresponding to
charges to income taken for the “Siemens 2014" program, com-
pared to €0.4 billion in such outflows in the prior year.

Discontinued operations used cash of €131 million in fiscal
2014, compared to cash provided of €154 million in the prior
year, which included significant cash inflows at OSRAM.

Cash flows from investing activities —- Cash used in investing
activities for continuing operations amounted to €4.364 billion
in fiscal 2014, compared to cash used of €4.759 billion in the
prior year. In the current period, cash outflows from investing
activities were due mainly to two factors. Firstly, SFS executed
its planned asset growth during fiscal 2014 and we recorded
cash outflows totaling €2.501 billion for a net increase in new
business volume at SFS. Secondly, we had additions to intan-
gible assets and property, plant and equipment of €1.831 bil-
lion, which related mainly to investments within the Sectors.

For comparison, the prior year included cash outflows from the
financing activities at SFS of €2.175 billion and additions to in-
tangible assets and property, plant and equipment of €1.808 bil-
lion. In the prior year, cash outflows for acquisitions of
businesses, net of cash acquired, totaled €2.786 billion. This
total included the preliminary purchase price (excluding cash
acquired) of €1.987 billion related to Infrastructure & Cities’ ac-
quisition of Invensys Rail, and €670 million related to Indus-
try’s acquisitions of LMS International NV. Also in the prior year
cash inflows from the disposal of investments, intangibles and
property, plant and equipment were €2.462 billion. This total
included proceeds of €1.7 billion relating to the sale of our 50%
stake in NSN and €0.3 billion relating to the sale of our AtoS
convertible bonds.

Discontinued operations provided cash of €339 million in fiscal
2014, compared to cash used of €317 million in the prior year.
The current period included proceeds (excluding cash sold)
of €0.5 billion related to the sale of the Water Technologies
Business Unit.

Free cash flow from continuing and discontinued operations
of €5.201 billion in fiscal 2014 was near the high level of the
prior year. On a sequential basis, Free cash flow during fiscal
2014 and fiscal 2013 developed as follows:

|_ Free cash flow (in millions of €)"

azo | 3,450 ed
3204 | 1,048 —
ga204 | 1,402 —
Q12014 (699) =
4203 | 4,336 _L
Q3 2013 1,053 —_—
22013 | 1,335 SS
qi203 | (1,395) |
| 4. Continuing and discontinued operations.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

207


--- Page 37 ---

208

Cash flows from financing activities — Financing activities for
continuing operations used cash of €4.485 billion in fiscal 2014,
compared to cash used of €3.715 billion a year earlier. In the
current period, the major cash outflows were dividends of
€2.533 billion paid (for fiscal 2013) to shareholders of
Siemens AG and the repayment of €1.452 billion in long-term
debt. In addition we recorded cash outflows of €1.066 billion for
the purchase of treasury shares under Siemens’ share buyback
program and paid interest totaling €617 million. These cash
outflows were partly offset by cash inflows of €801 million from
the change in short-term debt and other financing activities
related to the issuance of commercial paper and by proceeds of
€527 million from the issuance of long-term debt, related to a
total of US$700 million in privately placed floating-rate instru-
ments. For comparison, in the prior year we paid dividends of
€2.528 billion (for fiscal 2012) to shareholders of Siemens AG
and €2.927 billion for the repayment of long-term debt. We re-
corded €1.394 billion in cash outflows for the purchase of treas-
ury shares and €479 million for the payment of interest. In the
prior year these cash outflows were partly offset by cash inflows
from the issuance of long-term debt totaling €3.772 billion.

C.4.5 Capital resources
and requirements

Our capital resources consist of a variety of short- and long-
term instruments including debt instruments and credit facili-
ties. In addition to cash and cash equivalents and available-for-
sale financial assets, liquid resources consist of future cash
flows from operating activities.

Our capital requirements include, among others, scheduled
debt service, regular capital spending, ongoing cash require-
ments from operating and SFS financing activities, dividend
payments, pension plan funding, portfolio activities and share
buybacks.

DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES

As of September 30, 2014 we recorded in total €18.2 billion in
bonds, €1.7 billion in loans from banks, €0.9 billion in other
financial indebtedness, primarily consisted of US$-commercial
paper, and €0.1 billion in obligations under finance leases.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Below we present the maturity profile of our assignable and
term loans and our bonds, issued mainly in Euro and US$ and
to a lower extent in £, as of September 30, 2014:

Bonds and loans maturity profile
| (ominal amounts outstanding in billions of €)

4.6

2.0 1.9"

za |
Hl

2042 | 2066

2017 | 2018 | 2019

I legal

st

In order to optimize the Company's position with regard to in-
terest income and interest expense, and to manage the associ-
ated interest rate risk, Corporate Treasury uses derivative finan-
cial instruments to comprehensively and actively manage our
interest rate risk relative to a benchmark. The interest rate risk
relating to SFS is managed separately, considering the term
structure of SFS's financial assets and liabilities.

We have three credit facilities at our disposal for general corpo-
rate purposes. The credit facilities as of September 30, 2014
consisted of €6.8 billion in committed, unused lines of credit.

Further information about our debt and credit facilities, interest
rate risk management and the use of financial instruments
for hedging purposes is provided in -> notes 21, 30 AND 31 in
—> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 38 ---

NET DEBT

Net debt results from total debt less total liquidity. Total liquid-
ity refers to the liquid financial assets we have available at the
end of a reporting period to fund our business operations and
pay for near-term obligations. Total liquidity comprises Cash
and cash equivalents as well as current Available-for-sale finan-
cial assets, as stated in the Consolidated Statements of Finan-
cial Position. Management uses the Net debt measure for inter-
nal finance management, as well as for external communication
with investors, analysts and rating agencies.

The changes in Net debt from fiscal 2013 to 2014 may also be
presented as follows:

| changes in Net debt (in millions of €)

September 30,

(in millions of €) 2014 2013
Short-term debt and current maturities
of long-term debt 1,620 1,944
Long-term debt 19,326 18,509
Total debt 20,947 20,453
Cash and cash equivalents (8,013) (9,190)
Available-for-sale financial assets (current) (925) (601)
Total liquidity (8,938) (9,790)

Net debt! 12,008 10,663

need a considerable portion of our cash and cash e¢

rrent available-for-sale financial assets for

tion. The dedu f these items
ersi

(7,147)

Cash
decreas
net working capital’

operating activities

Total cash flows from operating activities?

ebt as of
30, 2014

Cash flows from
investing activities?

Changes in certain

financing activities?

less advance payments rei ntracts an

trade and other receivables of €200 million, for trade

OFF-BALANCE-SHEET COMMITMENTS

As of September 30, 2014 and 2013 we recorded €6.687 billion
and €5.970 billion, respectively, of the undiscounted amount of
maximum potential future payments related to guarantees. The
increase in these commitments included guarantees related to
the disposition of businesses and agreements related to our
project businesses. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013 we
recorded also €3.217 billion and €3.120 billion, respectively, of
future payment obligations under non-cancellable operating
leases and €132 million and €223 million, respectively, for com-
mitments to make capital contributions to the equity of various
companies.

Further information about these off-balance-sheet commit-
ments is provided in —> note 27 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

As of September 30, 2014 and 2013 we recorded also irrevoca-
ble loan commitments of €3.604 billion and €2.950 billion.
A considerable portion of these commitments resulted from

f €205 million and cash out
sts and in estimated earnings on uni

2. Continuing operations.

in fi
of treasury s
impact such as

forbillings 3
m:
f €657 million.

d advance:

asset-based lending transactions, meaning that the respective
loans can be drawn only after the borrower has provided suffi-
cient collateral. The increase in these commitments year-over-
year was due mainly to new business volume at SFS, including
positive currency translation effects.

OTHER CAPITAL RESOURCES AND REQUIREMENTS
For information related to the expected payments for dividend
and share buybacks, see —> c.2.5 DIVIDEND AND SHARE BUYBACKS.

For information related to expected cash inflows and outflows
in connection with portfolio transactions, see —> note 4 in
—> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

With our ability to generate positive operating cash flows,
our total liquidity of €8.9 billion and our €6.8 billion in unused
lines of credit and given our credit ratings at year-end, we
believe that we have sufficient flexibility to fund our capital
requirements. Also in our opinion, our working capital is
sufficient for our present requirements.

247

Consolidated Financial Statements
337 | ©

Additional Information

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

209


--- Page 39 ---

210

111C.5 Net assets position

Structure of Consolidated Statements
|_ of Financial Position (in millions of €)

Total liabilities

Total assets

Le |

104,879

101,936 101,936
Toa cument Total current
iors soos ‘bit om
(46%) (46%) 5%)
therein
Total liquidity 9,790 Total
oo liab 35,443
36,767 @5%)
(35%)
; 54,999
(54%) Total equity
; 31,514 Bes
(20%) 5%)
Sep. 30, Sep, 30,

Our total assets in fiscal 2014 were influenced by positive cur-
rency translation effects of €2.8 billion, led by the US$. Within
total assets of €104.879 billion, total assets related to SFS
increased to €21.970 billion as of September 30, 2014 from
€18.661 billion a year earlier. Within total liabilities, SFS debt
increased to €18.663 billion from €15.600 billion a year earlier.
Both changes were driven by planned asset growth at SFS
during fiscal 2014. SFS assets represented 21% of Siemens’ total
assets as of September 30, 2014, compared to 18% a year earlier.
SFS debt represented 18% of Siemens total liabilities and equity,
compared to 15% at the end of fiscal 2013.

During fiscal 2014 we classified a number of businesses as held
for disposal. These classifications affected a number of line
items in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position,
which are noted in the discussion below. The relevant busi-
nesses include the following: the Metals Technologies busi-
ness formerly within Industry, the Hospital Information System
business and Microbiology business formerly within Health-
care, and our equity investment stake in BSH.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

September 30,

(in millions of € 2014 2013
Cash and cash equivalents 8,013 9,190
Available-for-sale financial assets 925 601
Trade and other receivables 14,526 14,853
Other current financial assets 3,710 3,250
Inventories 15,100 15,560
Current income tax assets 577 794
Other current assets 1,290 1,297
Assets classified as held for disposal 3,935 1,393
Total current assets 48,076 46,937

Cash and cash equivalents decreased by €1.177 billion from the
prior-year level. For detailed information regarding the change,
see — C.4.4 CASH FLOWS.

The line items Trade and other receivables and Inventories
decreased by €328 million and €461 million, respectively, year-
over-year. The main factor in the decreases was assets related
to the Metals Technologies business, which were classified as
held for disposal. These decreases were partly offset by positive
currency translation effects.

The line item Other current financial assets increased by
€461 million year-over-year, which included higher loans receiv-
ables of SFS.

Assets classified as held for disposal increased by €2.542 billion
due mainly to the classification of assets related to the Metals
Technologies business, our stake in BSH and the Hospital Infor-
mation System business. This increase was partly offset by a
reduction in assets due to the sale of the Water Technologies
business.

September 30
(in millions of €) 2014 2013
Goodwill 17,783 | _ 17,883
Other intangible assets 4,560 5,057
Property, plant and equipment 9,638 9,815
Investments accounted for using
the equity method 2,127 3,022
Other financial assets 18,416 | 15,117
Deferred tax assets 3,334 3,234
Other assets 945 872
Total non-current assets 56,803 | 54,999

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 40 ---

Goodwill decreased slightly to €17.783 billion as of Septem-
ber 30, 2014 compared to €17.883 billion a year earlier. The
decrease was mainly related to goodwill in the Metals Techno-
logies, Hospital Information System and Microbiology busi-
nesses, which were classified as assets classified as held for
disposal. This decrease was nearly offset by positive currency
translation effects.

Other intangible assets decreased to €4.560 billion as of Sep-
tember 30, 2014, compared to €5.057 billion a year earlier. The
major factor in the decrease was amortization.

Investments accounted for using the equity method decreased
by €894 million year-over-year. The main factor was the classi-
fication of our stake in BSH as assets classified as held for dis-
posal, partly offset by an investment in the joint venture re-
lated to the TurboCare Business Unit within Energy.

The line item Other financial assets increased to €18.416 billion
as of September 30, 2014 compared to €15.117 billion a year ear-
lier. The change was due primarily to higher loans receivable
driven by planned asset growth at SFS in fiscal 2014 and also to
a minor extent positive currency effects.

Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt de-
creased by €324 million year-over-year. The main factors in the
decrease were the redemption of €1.0 billion in 5.375% p.a.
instruments and €400 million in 0.375% p.a. instruments,
partly offset by the issuance of commercial paper.

Other current liabilities decreased to €17.954 billion as of Sep-
tember 30, 2014 from €19.701 billion a year earlier. The main
factors were a decrease in billings in excess of costs and esti-
mated earnings on uncompleted contracts and related ad-
vances, mainly in Energy and Industry, and, to a lesser extent,
lower personnel-related liabilities. The decrease in Industry re-
lated primarily to the Metals Technologies business, where lia-
bilities were classified as liabilities associated with assets clas-
sified as held for disposal.

Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for disposal
increased to €1.597 billion as of September 30, 2014 from
€473 million a year earlier. The main factor in the increase was
the above-mentioned classification of liabilities associated
within Metals Technologies business.

September 30,
| (in millions of €) 2014 2013
September 30, Long-term debt 19,326 | 18,509
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 Post-employment benefits 9,324 9,265
Short-term debt and current Deferred tax liabilities 552 504
maturities of long-term debt 1,620 1,944 Provisions 4,071 3,907
Trade payables esse) 7.599) Other financial liabilities 1,620 1,184
Other current financial liabilities 1,717 1,515 Other liabilities 1,874 2,074
Current provisions pases) 4,485 Total non-current liabilities 36,767 | 35,443
Current income tax liabilities 1,762 2,151
Other current liabilities 17,954 | 19,701 |
Liabilities associated with assets
classified as held for disposal 1,597 473
Total current liabilities 36,598 | 37,868 Long-term debt increased by €817 million as of September 30,
2014, compared to the prior year, due mainly to positive cur-
rency translation effects and the issuance of US$700 million in
privately placed floating-rate instruments.
247 | 0. Consolidated Financial Statements
337 | E. Additional Information
213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | C10 | Compensation Report and legal disclosures
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242 | C11 | Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship of German Commercial Code)
225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

211


--- Page 41 ---

212

As of September 30, 2014, the funded status of our defined ben-
efit plans showed an underfunding of €9.1 billion, unchanged
from the prior year. Within these figures, underfunding for
pension plans amounted to €8.5 billion, as of September 30,
2014 and 2013, respectively. An increase in our defined benefit
obligation (DBO) by €2.418 billion mainly resulted from the im-
pact of decreasing market interest rates which was offset partly
by the effect of a refined determination of the discount rate. At
the same time, plan assets increased by €2.427 billion due
mainly to a positive return, primarily driven by fixed-income
and equity investments.

September 30,
(in millions of €) 2014 2013
Total equity attributable
to shareholders of Siemens AG 30,954 | 28,111
Equity ratio 30% 28%
Non-controlling interests 560 514
Total liabilities and equity 104,879 | 101,936

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Total equity attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG in-
creased from €28.111billion at the end of fiscal 2013 to
€30.954 billion at the end of fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2014, the main
factors relating to the increase in total equity attributable to
shareholders of Siemens AG were €5.373 billion in net income
attributable to shareholders of Siemens AG and €825 million in
other comprehensive income, net of income taxes. These in-
creases were partly offset by dividend payments of €2.533 bil-
lion (paid for fiscal 2013) and the repurchase of 11,331,922
treasury shares at average costs per share of €95.27 totaling
€1.080 billion (including incidental transaction charges).

For additional information on our net assets position, see the
corresponding notes in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 42 ---

11 1C.6 Overall assessment of the economic position

We reached most of the goals for fiscal 2014 that we set in our
Annual Report for fiscal 2013, particularly including 1% organic
revenue growth and net income and basic EPS (net income)
growth of well over 15% compared to the prior year. We also
achieved a return on capital employed (ROCE) in our target
range. Among the primary measures of our economic position,
only our capital structure ratio was outside the target range, as
we kept our capital structure conservative in fiscal 2014.

During the fiscal year, we finished the remaining measures
from the “Siemens 2014” program, which helped to increase our
cost productivity. Furthermore, we initiated “Vision 2020,” a
long-term and comprehensive concept for sustainable value
creation. With this concept we aim to achieve profitable growth
through greater customer proximity and accelerated innova-
tion, while further optimizing our portfolio, streamlining our
management structures and processes, and fostering an “owner-
ship culture” throughout the Company.

Revenue for fiscal 2014 was €71.920 billion, a 2% decline com-
pared to the prior fiscal year. Within the change, Infrastruc-
ture & Cities and Industry reported higher revenue while Energy
and Healthcare reported declines. Overall, the decline was due
to negative currency translation effects. On an organic basis,
excluding currency translation and portfolio effects, revenue
was up 1% year-over-year, with three Sectors contributing to
the increase and only Energy reporting a decline year-over-year.
This fulfilled our expectation that organic revenue would
remain near the prior-year level in fiscal 2014.

Orders for fiscal 2014 were €78.350 billion, fulfilling our expec-
tation for a book-to-bill ratio above 1, which came in at 1.09.
Order development followed the pattern for revenue: while
reported orders were 2% lower year-over-year, organic orders
were up 1% on increases in three of the four Sectors. Energy
and Infrastructure & Cities again won large order volumes from
major contract wins, demonstrating the trust that customers
place in our ability to execute large projects despite setbacks in
certain project businesses in recent years. While Energy's Wind
Power Division achieved a strong order increase year-over-year,
the volume from large orders at Infrastructure & Cities came in
lower than a year earlier, when the Sector won an extraordi-
narily large contract worth €3.0 billion in the U.K.

Total Sectors profit for fiscal 2014 was €7.335 billion. As ex-
pected, this was a substantial increase from €5.842 billion a
year earlier, when the Sectors took €1.2 billion in charges for
the “Siemens 2014” productivity improvement program.

Higher Total Sectors profit was the main driver for growth in
net income and basic EPS from net income. These primary

indicators of our economic performance rose 25% year-over-year
to €5.507 billion and €6.37, respectively, which clearly fulfilled
our forecast for an increase of basic EPS from net income of at
least 15%.

Total Sectors profit margin in fiscal 2014 was 10.0%, in the mid-
dle of our forecast of 9.5% to 10.5% given in our Annual Report
for fiscal 2013. Infrastructure & Cities and Industry were key
drivers in meeting this expectation, as both Sectors showed im-
pressive performance improvements in fiscal 2014. Healthcare
maintained its profit and profit margin near the high level
achieved in the prior fiscal year. In contrast, the performance of
the Energy Sector was disappointing. Profit fell significantly and,
contrary to our expectation, profit margin also declined year-
over-year due mainly to sharply higher project-related charges.

The Sectors’ results regarding adjusted EBITDA margin followed
the same pattern. Infrastructure & Cities and Industry increased
their EBITDA margins significantly year-over-year, with the for-
mer re-entering its target range and the latter approaching the
top of its target range. Healthcare again achieved an EBITDA
margin above its target corridor. Energy fell even further below
its EBITDA margin range than it was in fiscal 2013.

ROCE is a primary measure of our capital efficiency. As we fore-
cast in our Annual Report for fiscal 2013, ROCE for continuing
operations for fiscal 2014 returned to the target range of 15% to
20%. We increased our income compared to a year earlier and
decreased our average capital employed slightly year-over-year.
As a result, ROCE for continuing operations rose to 17.2% from
13.7% in fiscal 2013.

Free cash flow from continuing and discontinued operations
for fiscal 2014 came in at €5.201 billion, 2% lower than the high
level we achieved a year earlier. While cash inflows from oper-
ating activities declined moderately year-over-year, we partly
offset this change by reducing cash outflows for investments in
intangible assets and property, plant and equipment.

Our primary measure for evaluating our capital structure is
defined as the ratio of industrial net debt to adjusted EBITDA.
Our target for this ratio in fiscal 2014 was 0.5 to 1.0. As the net
result of the portfolio measures that we initiated in fiscal 2014
is expected to result in a significant net cash outflow in fiscal
2015, we kept our capital structure in fiscal 2014 more conser-
vative. As a result of a combination of sharply lower industrial
net debt and clearly higher EBITDA from continuing operations
year-over-year the ratio declined to 0.15, down from 0.35 a
year earlier. Thus we did not fulfill our forecast for the capital
structure ratio, which was to approach the lower end of the
target range.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

213


--- Page 43 ---

214

Our “Vision 2020" concept mentioned above, which was initi-
ated in fiscal 2014, focuses Siemens on profitable growth
along the value chain of electrification. During the year we
announced a number of portfolio changes for this purpose,
including acquisition of two major energy businesses: the
Rolls-Royce aero-derivative gas turbine and compressor busi-
ness and the Dresser-Rand oil and gas equipment business. We
have also announced planned divestments of our hearing aid
business and our stake in the home appliance business BSH. To
streamline our processes, we reduced layers of management by
eliminating the Sector structure and reducing the number of
our Divisions, effective with the beginning of fiscal 2015. We
also streamlined our regional go-to-market structure, with a
smaller number of entities that have greater ability to penetrate

1:1 C.7 Subsequent events

In November 2014, we announced the sale of our hearing aid
business to the investment company EQT and the German
entrepreneurial family Striingmann as co-investors. The trans-
action volume is €2.15 billion plus an earn-out component and
includes that the new owners will also be allowed to continue
using the Siemens product brand for the hearing aid business
over the medium term. The hearing aid business so far rep-
resents a Business Unit within Healthcare. The transaction is
subject to approval by the regulatory authorities. Closing is
expected in the first quarter of calendar year 2015. The hearing
aid business is presented as held for disposal and discontinued
operations since the first quarter of fiscal 2015.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

attractive geographic markets and get closer to our customers.
With regard to innovation, we expect to intensify R&D activi-
ties e.g. to shorten product development cycles and increase
our application of new technologies, such as data analytics. To
better balance risks and rewards when we take on innovative
projects, we intend to explicitly rely on our so-called corporate
memory as an early-warning system that takes advantage of
the experience and expertise we already possess.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. As in the past, we intend to fund the dividend payout
from Free cash flow. The Siemens Managing Board, in agree-
ment with the Supervisory Board, proposes a dividend of €3.30
per share, up from €3.00 a year earlier.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 44 ---

i: 1C.8 Sustainability and citizenship

C.8.1 Sustainability at Siemens

C.8.1.1 OVERVIEW

Siemens has defined sustainability to mean achieving profit-
able and long-term growth, acting responsibly on behalf of
future generations and to keep the three dimensions of sus-
tainability - people, planet, profit - in balance. We are aware of
the associated high standards and the possibility of conflicting
goals. Nevertheless, we are convinced that sustainability,
especially in the sense of resource efficiency is a business
opportunity, and worth seizing.

Sustainability is a guiding principle within our Company, incor-
porated in our philosophy, central theme of our corporate strat-
egy, and integral part of the Siemens Management model. In
our Sustainability activities we focus on three areas: “Sustain-
able business practices,” “Contribution to our customers’ com-
petiveness,” and “Contribution to sustainable development of
societies” in order to achieve sustainable progress for Siemens,
its customers and societies.

> “Sustainable business practices” comprises our commitment
to embedding sustainability throughout our organization
and operations. We want to be a role model ourselves and
walk the talk across all areas of the Company covering oper-
ational businesses, countries, and corporate functions.

> The second area means that we contribute to our customers’
competitiveness with our products, solutions and services
and enable them to increase energy efficiency, save re-
sources and reduce carbon emissions at a significant cost
advantage.

> Siemens contributes to the sustainable development of soci-
eties with its innovative products and solutions, local opera-
tions, thought leadership and the fostering of long-term
relationships with local communities through Corporate
Citizenship projects with partners.

C.8.1.2 SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT

AND ORGANIZATION

The importance we attach to the topic of sustainability is evi-
dent in its central position within the Company's organization
and in our programs and the measures we execute. Efficient
sustainability management is a company-wide task that requires
a clear organizational structure and a thorough anchoring of
sustainability in our corporate culture. All our sustainability ac-
tivities are steered by the Chief Sustainability Officer, who is a
member of our Managing Board. In order to coordinate and
manage our sustainability activities efficiently, we established
the Siemens Sustainability Board, the Sustainability Office and
the Siemens Sustainability Advisory Board.

The Siemens Sustainability Board, which is chaired by the
Chief Sustainability Officer, is the central steering committee
for sustainability at Siemens. In its regular meetings it directs
our sustainability activities as part of our sustainable strategy
and adopts appropriate measures and initiatives. Our Chief Sus-
tainability Officer also manages the Sustainability Office,
which is responsible for driving sustainability further within
Siemens and for coordinating the sustainability activities and
other company-wide programs and measures.

To help us maintain an objective perspective on our sustain-
ability challenges and performance, we have also created the
Siemens Sustainability Advisory Board, composed of eight
eminent figures in science and industry from a range of disci-
plines and regions of the world. None are employees of
Siemens. Furthermore, a network of assigned Sustainability
Managers in the businesses and regional units ensure that sus-
tainability measures are implemented and multiplied through-
out the Company.

C.8.1.3 COLLABORATING FOR SUSTAINABILITY

Our sustainability efforts are based on our Business Conduct
Guidelines, which provide the ethical and legal framework
within which we conduct our business activities. They contain
the basic principles and rules for our conduct internally and
externally. Specific issues, such as those relating to the environ-
ment, are covered in more detailed regulations and guidelines.
The Business Conduct Guidelines are binding for all companies
controlled by Siemens.

Furthermore, we believe that close collaboration with stake-
holders supports us in addressing complex, interlocking sus-
tainability challenges and topics. Maintaining an intensive dia-
logue with partners along the supply chain and with external
stakeholder groups and organizations is important for us:
Siemens is actively engaged with leading global sustainability
organizations, such as the World Business Council for Sustain-
able Development (WBCSD) and the World Resources Institute
(WRI). We also liaise regularly with a broad group of stakehold-
ers on key sustainability issues, track their most material topics
and use them as guide for our activities.

In addition, we are committed to international standards and
guidelines for sustainability. For example, we signed on to the
United Nations Global Compact in 2003 and became a signatory
to the Global Compact’s CEO Water Mandate in 2008; since fiscal
2011, we are a member of the steering committee of the Global
Compact'’s “Caring for Climate” initiative. We regularly report on
our sustainability performance using the guidelines (G3.0) of
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), which aim at high transpar-
ency and comparability for corporate sustainability reporting.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

215


--- Page 45 ---

216

C.8.2 Employees

| Indicators'

Year ended S!

2014 2013
Employee turnover rate? 9.1% 10.8%
Female employees in management
positions (percentage of all management
positions)? 15.6% 15.6%
Expenses for continuing education
(in millions of €)* 276 265
Expenses per employee for continuing
education (in €)* 769 670
1 Continuing and discontinued operations.
2 ployee turnover rate is defined as the ratio of voluntary and involuntary
exits from Siemens during the year average number of employees.
include all managers with disciplinary

Excellent employees are one of Siemens’ vital strengths. They
have made Siemens what it is today and their expertise, capa-
bilities and high level of engagement are laying the foundation
for our future success. To stay competitive, we need to contin-
uously win and retain the best and brightest employees world-
wide. As an employer of choice, we empower our diverse and
engaged people worldwide with a high-performance culture,
encourage life-long learning and development, offer an attrac-
tive working environment and ensure occupational health
and safety.

Employees by segments as of September 30, 2014
| (in thousands)"

Energy: 81 (24%) Other: 33 (10%)

i,
Financial Services:
Healthcare: 48 (14%) LY 343 [3% )
Industry: 90 (26%) i 88 (26%)

1 erations

Siemens believes that employee engagement is a key driver for
sustainable company performance. An engaged workforce
drives innovation, growth and profitability. Since 2010, the
Siemens Global Engagement Survey has been seen as an im-
portant management tool. In general the Engagement Survey
will be conducted on a biennial basis to allow more time to set

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

measures and to follow-up on improvements. Due to the
launch of our “Vision 2020" concept and the related organiza-
tional changes the survey originally scheduled for 2014 was
postponed to 2015.

Demographic change, lifelong employability and cross-gener-
ation collaboration are Siemens’ key employee-related chal-
lenges to be mastered, and we see differences between regions
and labor markets. To remain an employer of choice, we are
taking appropriate action based on local needs.

C.8.2.1 DIVERSITY

As a global player, the vast and diverse range of our employees’
capabilities, experience and qualifications forms a substantial
competitive advantage and supports our value proposition as
an employer.

All our activities, measures and programs fostering Diversity
follow these principles:

> we want to have the best person for every position,
> we want to provide opportunities for diversity
of experience and interaction, and
> we want to achieve diversity of thinking across our Company.

We've developed our management recruitment processes to
ensure that the preliminary selection of candidates reflects the
diversity of our customers and employees at all levels and in all
regions. For example the percentage of women in management
at Siemens globally has nearly doubled since fiscal 2002 to
15.6%.

C.8.2.2 TALENT ACQUISITION AND EMPLOYEE
DEVELOPMENT

Attracting, contacting, hiring, promoting and systematically
developing the best employees worldwide for Siemens - that is
our goal in Talent Acquisition and Employee Development.

In order to meet our requirements for qualified staff, we attract
new talent to Siemens and also work on retaining our existing
workforce for the long term. To attract new talents, Siemens has
a wide array of programs in place. The Performance Manage-
ment Process (PMP) helps leaders and employees determine
clear personal goals and share the feedback necessary to
achieve them. The process also supports us in setting compen-
sation, providing professional development opportunities and
identifying talents throughout the Company. To reflect the focus
on high-performance within Siemens, our compensation sys-
tem for our top executives and senior management worldwide
includes a variable component.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 46 ---

C.8.2.3 LEARNING AND CONTINUING EDUCATION
We encourage our employees at all locations to develop their
qualifications and expertise. In fiscal 2014, we invested around
€276 million for continuing education (without travel ex-
penses), which equals about €769 per employee. The expenses
include courses and training programs both for individual em-
ployees and for entire company units.

Siemens Learning Campus and Siemens Leadership Excellence,
two corporate-level organizations, are responsible for imple-
menting the global learning portfolio: Siemens Learning
Campus offers regional learning opportunities to employees in
all countries, ranging from courses for employees and manag-
ers, through tailored training programs and services for groups,
to solutions for entire organizations. Additionally Siemens
Leadership Excellence (SLE) is addressing our current and
future senior and top leaders. Siemens continues to be one of
Germany's largest providers of professional education for sec-
ondary school graduates (7,100 places for Siemens trainees and
2,800 places for trainees from other companies). As in previous
years, we again made 10% of our trainee positions available to
disadvantaged youths.

C.8.2.4 SIEMENS EQUITY CULTURE

Siemens established its first employee share program in
Germany as early as 1969. Building on this successful program
in Germany, Siemens decided in 2008 to extend employee and
management participation. Today, Siemens offers approxi-
mately 97% of its employees in 60 countries the opportunity to
acquire Siemens shares with the Company’s financial support.
The Share Matching Plan is based on a simple principle: Em-
ployees participating in the plan will receive one Siemens share
without payment of consideration (matching share) for every
three Siemens shares bought and continuously held over a
period of three years. Only condition: The employee still needs
to be employed by Siemens. The main idea of the plan has
always been to make stock ownership available to employees at
all income levels.

We are convinced that empowering employees with shares
motivates them to assume greater responsibilities and helps
them identify more closely with the company they work for - a
fundamental prerequisite for the sustainable development of
Siemens.

C.8.2.5 EMPLOYEE RIGHTS AND RELATIONS

TO EMPLOYEE REPRESENTATIVES

Fair-minded collaboration among Company management, em-
ployees and employee representatives plays a central role at
Siemens. As one of the largest corporate employers in Germany
and worldwide, we are committed to our social responsibil-
ity and respect and uphold the fundamental rights of our

employees - which already apply worldwide and are firmly
anchored in our Business Conduct Guidelines. Underscoring
this commitment, Siemens, the Siemens Central Works Coun-
cil, the German trade union IG Metall and the global industrial
union IndustriAll have signed an international framework
agreement on the principles of corporate responsibility.

C.8.2.6 OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND

HEALTH MANAGEMENT

Occupational safety and health management are key elements
of our Company’s sustainable strategy and an integral part of
our business processes. We therefore develop central programs
and processes that are applied locally and adapted to the respec-
tive business needs. Occupational safety and health manage-
ment are an integral part of our Business Conduct Guidelines,
our internal monitoring systems, and our risk management and
internal controls. In addition, occupational safety is part of an
international framework agreement between Siemens AG, the
Central Works Council of Siemens AG, IG Metall and the global
union IndustriAll.

Promote a culture of safety — In the past, occupational safety
was often characterized by a focus on technical protective
measures, an approach which achieved considerable success.
We are convinced, however, that further improvement can be
achieved only through an actively practiced occupational
safety culture and optimal working conditions — in every coun-
try and for all Siemens employees as well as those of our con-
tractors. Both, as a company and as individuals, we are respon-
sible for ensuring that the working environment at Siemens is
safe at all times and for every employee. At present, local man-
agement systems and best practices exist which we can build
on. We will achieve sustainability, however, only through a
global and consistent approach.

Our customers, suppliers and regulatory authorities expect
high safety standards from us. Safe behavior is governed not
only by complying with laws, regulations and procedures,
but also by the personal values of managers and employees.
Our “Zero Harm Culture @ Siemens” program, which has been
launched in fiscal 2012 is having an increasingly positive
impact. It contains three principles:

> Zero incidents — it is achievable.
> Health and safety - no compromises!
> We take care of each other!

In addition to this global approach of “Zero Harm Culture @
Siemens,” our businesses and countries themselves improve
safety locally through various activities depending on the cur-
rent safety performance and the business needs. Management
attention is of utmost importance to foster and improve safety.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

217


--- Page 47 ---

218

Therefore, the responsible CEO of the affected unit shows com-
mitment by personally reporting every work related fatality, its
cause and the measures taken to the Siemens Managing Board.

In fiscal 2014 the overall number of fatalities was lower than in
fiscal 2013. We attribute this to the numerous and rigorous
actions and specific initiated projects. An implemented process
for the assessment of suppliers is supporting these activities.
Furthermore, Supply Chain Management and Business have
developed collaborative plans to improve the EHS profile of
suppliers. Regrettably, we report seven fatalities. Of that three
fatalities are with contractors (all are work-related fatalities)
and four with Siemens employees (one business trip fatality
and three commuting accidents). In the previous year, there
were five fatalities involving Siemens employees and ten in-
volving contractors.

Promoting health — Siemens has established a high standard
of occupational health and safety to avoid work-related health
risks and promote employees’ health. We help our employees
assume responsibility for their own personal behavior in
health-related matters, and support health-promoting general
conditions within the Company. We promote the physical,
mental and social well-being of our employees through a range
of activities governing the five topics of healthy work environ-
ment, psychosocial well-being, physical activity, healthy nutri-
tion and medical care.

C.8.3 Research and development

C.8.3.1 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT -
ORGANIZATION AND STRATEGY

In fiscal 2014, we continued to focus on the following areas in
research and development (R&D):

> ensuring long-term future viability,
> enhancing technological competitiveness, and
> optimizing the allocation of R&D resources.

Our R&D activities are geared toward ensuring economically
sustainable energy supplies and developing software solutions,
which are essential to maintaining the long-term competitive-
ness of our businesses. Accordingly, major focus areas include:

> increasing the efficiency of renewable and conventional en-
ergy sources for power generation and improving low-loss
electricity transmission systems,

> developing new solutions for smart grids and technologies
for storing energy from fluctuating renewable sources,

> further development of industrial software to accelerate pro-
cesses at every point along the value chain,

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

> using smart analytical systems and our domain expertise to
develop new services from previously unstructured data
(Examples of such services include anticipatory maintenance
work and cost-efficient warehousing offers.), and

> making medical imaging, in-vitro diagnostics, and health-
care IT an integral part of outcome oriented treatment plans.

Another major focus is promoting more efficient energy use in
buildings, industrial facilities, and the transport sector. Exam-
ples include the development of electric drives and mass trans-
portation systems such as local and long-distance trains and
subways.

Across all focus areas, we recognize the vital importance of
sophisticated software solutions. This is true not just for the
areas mentioned above but also in nearly all of the other fields
in which Siemens is active.

R&D activities are carried out by the businesses of our former
Sectors and our Corporate Technology (CT) department. CTis a
worldwide network with primary locations in Germany, the
U.S., China, Russia, India, and Austria. The more than 7,400 CT
employees contribute their in-depth understanding of funda-
mental technologies, models, and trends, as well as their
wealth of software and process expertise. The businesses focus
their R&D efforts on the next generations of their products and
solutions. In contrast, the aim of CT is to work with our operat-
ing units to develop the Group’s technology and innovation
strategies, especially for the next generation of their products
and solutions. In addition, CT strives to secure the technologi-
cal and innovative future through commonly developed core
technology initiatives such as future of automation, data to
business or system integration. With its global network of ex-
perts, our corporate research unit serves as a strategic partner
for Siemens’ operating units. CT makes important contributions
along the entire value chain, from research and development
to production technology, manufacturing processes, and the
testing of products and solutions. All of CT's activities are cho-
sen to optimize the allocation of R&D resources, with a balance
between support the current offerings of our businesses and
development of longer-term opportunities.

CT is also networked with leading universities and research
institutes worldwide. Close collaborative approaches with such
partners are also a substantial part of our Open Innovation (OI)
concept, in which we receive input from internal as well as
external experts that significantly contributes to the innovative
power of the Company. With OI we aim to overcome the bar-
riers of silo thinking, to prove and truly leverage the potential
of an open network enterprise.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 48 ---

In addition, Siemens takes part in publicly funded research pro-
grams. The most important research areas include the develop-
ment of sustainable technologies including recycling, the com-
munication of machines, the creation of new materials and
bio-technology.

CT offers extensive process and production consulting services
for development and manufacturing units at Siemens. CT em-
ploys more than 4,200 software developers at locations in Asia,
Europe, and the Americas. These specialists help our Business
Units develop concepts from the initial idea to the finished
product. In addition, CT strategically handles the intellectual
property of Siemens. Around 440 experts help the Company
register patents and trademarks, establish them, and put them
to profitable use.

C.8.3.2 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT FIGURES

In fiscal 2014, we reported research and development expenses
of €4.065 billion, compared to €4.048 billion in fiscal 2013. The
resulting R&D intensity, defined as the ratio of R&D expenses
and revenue, was 5.7%, above the R&D intensity in fiscal 2013.

| R&D intensity

CT incurred additional R&D expenses.

|_ R&D indicators’

(in thousands)

Employees?

Inventions?
Patent first filings* 4.3 4.0

As of September 30, 2014, Siemens held approximately 56,100
granted patents worldwide in its continuing operations. As of
September 30, 2013, it held approximately 56,000 granted pat-
ents. In terms of the number of published patent applications
in calendar year 2013, Siemens ranked fourth in Germany and
second in Europe. Siemens was also ranked thirteenth in the
statistics for patents issued in the U.S. in calendar year 2013.

| Rank in patent office statistics

Research and development exp

| (in billions
FY 2014 4.065 SS) -
FY 2013 4.048 _ 5.5%
| 1 R&D intensity is defined as the ratio of R&D expenses and revenue.

R&D expenses and intensity for the Sectors in fiscal 2014 and
2013:

| R&D expenses

Year ended September 30,

2013 2012
Germany — German Patent
and Trade Mark Office (DPMA) 4 3
Europe — European Patent Office (EPO) 2 2
U.S. = United States Patent
and Trademark Office (US PTO) 13 11

In our continuing operations, we had an average of approxi-
mately 13,200 R&D employees in Germany and approximately
15,600 employees in approximately 30 other countries during
fiscal 2014.

C.8.3.3 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

IN OUR BUSINESSES

The R&D activities of the businesses in our former Energy
Sector are focused on developing methods for the efficient
generation and transmission of electrical energy, including
advanced gas turbines that increase the efficiency and reduce
emissions of power plants, combined cycle power plants, to
increase the availability of electricity through higher flexibility
and efficient and reliable power supply for decentralized struc-
tures such as those in the oil and gas industries, innovations
for reducing the cost of wind turbines, innovations for increas-
ing the efficiency of wind turbines (offshore and onshore), the
development of an HVDC super grid and the development of a
subsea power grid to make deep-sea oil and gas extraction
more profitable.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

(in millions of €) 2014 2013
Energy 873 872
Healthcare 1,010 1,048
Industry 1,229 1,204
Infrastructure & Cities 719 231
|
| R&D intensity
Year ended September 30,
2014 2013
Energy 3.5% 3.3%
Healthcare 8.1% 8.3%
Industry 7.2% 7.1%
Infrastructure & Cities 3.8% 4.1%
|
213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 C10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242 C11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)


--- Page 49 ---

220

The R&D activities in the businesses of our former Healthcare
Sector are focused on meeting customer requirements, which
are the result of two major trends: the world’s population con-
tinues to grow steadily and to get older. These trends increase
the pressure on healthcare providers to treat more and more
people at increasingly lower costs in order to stabilize rising
healthcare expenditures. To overcome the challenges of mak-
ing healthcare more efficient and more effective, the health-
care measures have to focus on the individual patient and the
success of the treatment.

One of the R&D fields involves the development of systems that
help physicians make precise diagnoses of large numbers of
patients and are also robust, easy to use, and inexpensive to
purchase and maintain. Examples include interventional radiol-
ogy or catheter labs. Ultrasound with wireless transducers is
also ideally suited for minimally-invasive procedures such as
nerve blockades, access to blood vessels, and positioning for
therapeutic interventions and biopsies.

Another focus area is automating clinical work processes and
optimizing laboratory diagnostics, with a goal of enabling physi-
cians to identify diseases more precisely and at an earlier stage.
Physicians are then able to monitor the effect of medications
more accurately and benefit from the evaluation and analytical
capabilities of modern computer technology. As a result, thera-
pies can be tailored more closely to a patient's needs. Healthcare
also develops products that meet the specific, targeted require-
ments of the healthcare systems of emerging countries.

One of the R&D priorities of the businesses in our former
Industry Sector is the software-based integration of product
development, production planning, production processes and
services within the framework of product lifecycle manage-
ment. The objective is to accelerate processes at every point
along the value chain. Innovative technologies can cut the time
from design to market in the manufacturing industry by up to
50%. The further development of automation and drive tech-
nology, and industrial software in particular, plays a major role
here. This applies to the product development and production
process as well as to the integration of the drive system. More-
over, the businesses of the former Industry Sector are striving
to achieve greater energy efficiency, reduce raw material con-
sumption, and lower emissions. These objectives also guide
the development of technology-based service concepts such as
energy management and remote maintenance systems.

R&D activities of the businesses in our former Infrastruc-
ture & Cities Sector focus on urban growth issues. Main research
fields therefore cover sustainable technologies for major metro-
politan areas and their infrastructures. The main aims are to in-
crease energy efficiency, reduce burdens on the environment,

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

increase cost-effectiveness, and improve the quality of life in
cities. To this end, the businesses develop building technologies
that conserve energy, solutions for ensuring an efficient and
secure supply of electricity in cities, and intelligent traffic and
transport systems. In addition, researchers are looking for ways
to integrate buildings into smart grids. Through such integration,
the buildings can feed the electricity they produce into the grids
and provide additional power during times of peak demand.

C.8.4 Supply chain management

The principal goal of supply chain management (SCM) at
Siemens is to ensure the availability and quality of the materi-
als we require to serve our customers also considering innova-
tion strength and sustainability of our suppliers. We aim to
strengthen our competitiveness by achieving substantial sav-
ings in our purchasing volume. In fiscal 2014, Siemens’ pur-
chasing volume amounted to approximately €37 billion, which
equaled roughly half of our total revenue. Our primary strate-
gies for achieving savings in purchasing include:

> Siemens-wide managed volume,
> Sourcing from emerging markets, and
> E-sourcing.

The successful restructuring of our SCM function since the end
of fiscal 2013 led to a substantial decrease of the cost for the
SCM organization, driven by optimizing towards a less complex
setup and process improvements. Going forward, we will con-
tinue with reshaping the SCM function in alignment with Vision
2020 to support the new Siemens organization structure overall.

We also continue to strengthen Siemens’ innovation power by
benefiting from the innovative strength in our supplier net-
work. In May 2014, we held our “1** Siemens Supplier Innova-
tion Day,” the first event of its kind on Siemens corporate level.
With this event, we established a platform for regular dialogue
with our top innovative suppliers at the CEO level. With this
dialogue, we aim to increase our innovation capabilities, realize
shared growth potential and ensure long-term cost leadership.

Sustainability requirements — as a guiding principle for our
supply chain management - are an integral part of all relevant
supplier management processes — such as supplier selection,
supplier qualification and evaluation, and supplier develop-
ment. We require all of our suppliers to comply with the princi-
ples of our Code of Conduct for Siemens Suppliers, which in-
clude, besides others, respect for the basic rights of employees,
strong safety &health and environmental protection standards
as well as zero-tolerance on corruption &bribery. We also re-
quire them to support its implementation in their own supply

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 50 ---

chains. We have established and continually further develop
a risk-based system of appropriate processes to enable us to
systematically identify potential risks in our supply chain. It
consists of sustainability self-assessments by suppliers, risk
evaluation conducted by our purchasing department, sustain-
ability questions within supplier quality audits and sustainabil-
ity audits by external auditors. To further encourage sustain-
able business conduct throughout our entire global supply
chain, we are committed to building our suppliers’ competence
and intensifying knowledge transfers related to sustainability.

C.8.5 Distribution and customer relations

Our Divisions have global responsibility for their business,
sales and results. They are able to support customers around
the world directly from their respective headquarters, espe-
cially for large contracts and projects. However, most of our
customers are small and medium-sized companies and organi-
zations that require local support. To address local business
opportunities with them, we are able to draw upon a large
global sales force steered by our regional companies. They are
responsible for serving our customers in the respective coun-
tries, leveraging our global network of market partners like
consultants, distributors, integrators, EPCs and machine build-
ers. We are currently selling products and services in almost
every country in the world.

Sustainable customer relationships are the basis for our long-
term success. We employ a structured key account manage-
ment (KAM) approach throughout the Company to take care of
our key customers. This means that we tailor our products and
solutions to their size and regional site structures. We also
ensure that our key account managers continually develop and
maintain relationships with them over the long term. This
approach is supplemented by our Executive Relationship Pro-
gram. In this program, members of the Company’s Executive
Management stay in direct contact with selected customers
and maintain an ongoing dialogue with them to familiarize
Siemens with their needs.

Our business success is strongly dependent on the satisfaction
of our customers. For this reason, we measure customer satis-
faction in every unit of the Company using the Net Promoter
Score (NPS). This internationally recognized and commonly ap-
plied managerial performance indicator, which we determine
annually on a worldwide basis by means of customer surveys,
measures the referral rate of our customers. The NPS for fiscal
2014 was based on the results of more than 25,500 interviews,
compared to more than 25,200 interviews in fiscal 2013. In
fiscal 2014, our company-wide NPS once again increased com-
pared to previous fiscal year.

An elementary component of all our global marketing and sell-
ing activities is compliance with applicable laws and internal
rules and regulations. Therefore, Siemens values and compli-
ance are an integral part of our training program.

C.8.6 Environmental Portfolio

| Indicators’
Year ended September 30,
2014 2013
Revenue generated by the Siemens
Environmental Portfolio (in billions of €) 33.0 31.9
Accumulated annual customer reductions
of carbon dioxide emissions generated by
elements from the Siemens Environmental
Portfolio (in millions of metric tons) 428 369

| 4 Continuing operations.

Our Environmental Portfolio serves as an example of how we
strive to align our business activities with the aforementioned
megatrends, in this case climate change. The Environmental
Portfolio consists of products, systems, solutions and services
(Environmental Portfolio elements) that reduce negative im-
pacts on the environment and emissions of carbon dioxide and
other greenhouse gases (defined together in the following as
carbon dioxide emissions) responsible for climate change.

In addition to its environmental benefits, our Environmental
Portfolio enables us to compete successfully in attractive mar-
kets and generate profitable growth. In fiscal 2014, revenue
from continuing operations from the Environmental Portfolio
amounted to €33.0 billion, which accounted for 46% of our rev-
enue from continuing operations in this fiscal year. This rev-
enue includes revenue from newly developed and additionally
qualified elements, and excludes revenue from elements that
no longer fulfill our qualifications.

In fiscal 2010, we set ourselves a revenue target for the Environ-
mental Portfolio within the One Siemens framework: to exceed
€40 billion in revenue from the Environmental Portfolio by the
end of fiscal 2014. Due to recent and ongoing portfolio changes
we have not been able to achieve this target. Siemens’ strategic
focus on technologies for energy efficiency and climate and en-
vironmental protection will nevertheless remain in place. For
fiscal year 2014, almost three-quarter of the revenue from our
Environmental Portfolio were already generated with products
and solutions for energy efficiency.

With our Environmental Portfolio, we intend, among other
things, to help our customers reduce their carbon dioxide foot-
print, cut their energy costs and improve their profitability

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

221


--- Page 51 ---

222

through an increase in productivity. Taking together all ele-
ments of the Environmental Portfolio that were installed at cus-
tomer locations since the beginning of fiscal 2002 and remain
in use today, we have reduced customer carbon dioxide emis-
sions by 428 million metric tons in fiscal 2014, which is the
equivalent of the following thirteen cities’ combined yearly
emissions: Berlin, Bogota, Cape Town, Hong Kong, London, Los
Angeles, Melbourne, Mexico City, Moscow, New York City, Sao
Paulo, Seoul and Tokyo.

C.8.6.1 SELECTION CRITERIA

An Environmental Portfolio element can be a product, a system,
a solution or a service. Furthermore, a core component of a
system or solution may qualify as an Environmental Portfolio
element if the component provided by Siemens is key to en-
abling environmental benefits resulting from the system's or
solution’s overall application. To qualify for inclusion in the
Environmental Portfolio, an element must meet one of the se-
lection criteria described below, which are energy efficiency,
renewable energy or environmental technologies. Products,
systems, solutions and services with planned application in
military use or nuclear power are not included in the Environ-
mental Portfolio.

> Energy efficiency: The criteria for energy efficiency are an
improvement in energy efficiency of 20% or more during the
customer use phase compared to the applicable baseline, or
a reduction of at least 100,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide
equivalents per reporting period in the customer use phase.
Examples of elements that meet the energy efficiency crite-
rion are combined cycle power plants and intelligent build-
ing technology systems.

> Renewable energy: This criterion covers technologies in the
field of renewable energy sources such as wind turbines or
smart grid applications and their respective core compo-
nents.

> Environmental technologies: This criterion is related to wa-
ter and wastewater treatment, air pollution control, waste
reduction, recycling, e-car infrastructure and its core compo-
nents. It also includes the Siemens Consulting Service which
analyzes customers’ environmental impact. Additionally, a
criterion for the Healthcare Sector is an environmental
impact reduction in terms of noise, radiation or total weight
of at least 25% compared to the baseline.

C.8.6.2 GOVERNANCE AND REPORTING APPROACH

The qualification of Environmental Portfolio elements as well
as their respective reporting is based on defined processes and
criteria. The business portfolio of Siemens’ continuing opera-
tions is reviewed annually regarding the qualification of Envi-
ronmental Portfolio elements based on the criteria described
before. This covers the inclusion of newly developed elements

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

as well as the integration of additionally qualified elements
where evidence of fulfillment of the qualification criteria was
not available in prior reporting periods. For additionally quali-
fied Environmental Portfolio elements, we report their pri-
or-year revenue and prior-year contribution to reducing cus-
tomer carbon dioxide emissions on a comparable basis.
Elements that no longer fulfill our qualification criteria are ex-
cluded from our Environmental Portfolio.

We report the revenue from our Environmental Portfolio and
annual customer reductions of carbon dioxide emissions gener-
ated by it in accordance with internal regulations defined in our
Environmental Portfolio Guideline. This Guideline is based on
the Reporting Principles of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corpo-
rate Accounting and Reporting Standard, revised edition, and
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol for Project Accounting. The rev-
enue generated by the Environmental Portfolio is recognized in
accordance with revenue recognition policies as described in
—> NOTE 2 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

C.8.7 Environmental protection

| Indicators’

2014 2013
Energy efficiency improvement
compared to baseline in fiscal 2010? 11% 5%
Waste efficiency improvement
compared to baseline in fiscal 2010 12% 8%

Waste for disposal reduction
compared to baseline in fiscal 2010 8% 10%

Carbon dioxide emission efficiency
improvement compared to baseline
in fiscal 2010

20% 14%

ons related to the primary fuels
our sites and the amount of energy
te the fuels consumed

To meet today’s global ecological challenges responsibly,
Siemens has a comprehensive EHS (Environmental Protection,
Health Management and Safety) management system. The pro-
cess requirements of this management system help our operat-
ing units comply with applicable laws, regulations and customer
requirements, satisfy our corporate requirements properly and
achieve our Siemens-wide environmental targets. The environ-
mental protection management system requires that our rele-
vant production and office sites must implement an environ-
mental management system which fulfills the requirements of
the internationally recognized ISO 14001 standard and also our
own internal standard, known as “Specifications on environ-
mentally compatible product and system design.” This internal

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 52 ---

standard defines requirements to reduce the environmental
impact of our products and systems during the production, use
and disposal phase and is an integral part of our business pro-
cesses. We conduct regular internal reviews of our environmen-
tal performance and progress, in order to create a cycle of con-
tinual improvement.

Our commitment to continual improvement led to two environ-
mental protection programs in fiscal 2012: “Serve the Environ-
ment” for industrial environmental protection and “Product Eco
Excellence” for product-related environmental protection. Both
programs were reconfirmed and extended in fiscal 2014. The
general objectives to improve energy and resource efficiency, to
fulfill growing international requirements with regard to envi-
ronmental protection, to increase customer benefits, and to
proactively strengthen our position as a sustainable company
will be kept. The two reconfirmed programs will run from 2015
to 2020.

C.8.7.1 INDUSTRIAL ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
Our industrial environmental protection efforts focus on opti-
mizing energy and resource efficiency at our sites. With the
current “Serve the Environment” program we have been com-
mitted to the following Siemens-wide main targets in the time
period fiscal 2011 to 2014:

> to continue our systematic effort to improve
energy efficiency, and thereby achieve corresponding
improvement in our carbon dioxide efficiency;
> to improve the waste efficiency each year by 1%; and
> to reduce waste for disposal each year by 1%.

Furthermore, Siemens continued with the water risk manage-
ment approach: In locations where there are particular water
risks or negative impacts on the environment (for example as a
result of aridity, high waste-water loads or poorly developed
technical infrastructure), the local sites need to define targets
matched to local conditions. Finally, our “Serve the Environ-
ment” program also addressed air pollution by seeking alterna-
tive solutions for any ozone-depleting substances still in legally
permissible use and control VOC (Volatile organic compounds)
emissions. For continuation of the Serve the Environment pro-
gram energy and waste efficiency aspects will be integrated
into our supply chain. Air pollution control will be considered
holistically, taking account not only of own emissions but also
of the local air immission situation at our production plants
and offices. Climate change induced impacts of water use in
our businesses will also be integrated.

We achieved the targets we set ourselves for fiscal 2014. The
energy efficiency could be improved due to implementation of
energy efficiency measures and implementation of energy

management systems. Due to this and to reasonable energy
procurement and increased share of renewable energy in elec-
tricity mix the CO, efficiency was increased considerably.

C.8.7.2 PRODUCT-RELATED

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

The major focus of product-related environmental protection is
to improve the overall environmental performance of our prod-
ucts and systems. Therefore the existing “Product Eco Excel-
lence” program will continue its approach regarding elements
related to the product life cycle by integrating aspects of the
circular economy and resource efficiency. The program has a
modular design and offers innovative solutions to accomplish
a higher transparency in terms of declarable substances, to de-
velop and integrate a set of measures to improve resource effi-
ciency of materials (e.g. scarcity, criticality) and to increase our
claim on product environmental footprint information. On the
basis of mandatory requirements as defined in our internal
environmental standard, we support the reduction of the envi-
ronmental impacts of our products and systems during product
development, production, use and end of life. Additionally, the
program aims to better prepare the operating units for future
regulatory and customer requirements, to strengthen environ-
mental communication, and to broaden environmental aware-
ness among our employees. In the time period fiscal 2012 to
fiscal 2014 for the main elements of the program following
objectives have been reached:

> Transparency was enhanced with our list of declarable sub-
stances (LoDS), comprising substances that are restricted in
use due to regional or application-specific regulations.

> Development and application of a methodological approach
for better assessing risks such as environmental, toxicologi-
cal and future availability risks associated with used materi-
als and substances. The application has been verified within
our business.

> Establishment of a harmonized procedure on the basis of ISO
14040/44 (Life-cycle-assessment) for determining the “eco-
logical footprint” of our products and thereof derived envi-
ronmental product declarations based on the requirements
of ISO 14025.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

223


--- Page 53 ---

224

C.8.8 Corporate citizenship

Siemens is committed to providing long-term benefits to the
societies in which we operate, through corporate citizenship
activities. These activities can take a variety of forms ranging
from philanthropic disaster relief to more strategic shared
value or inclusive business approaches like our mobile clinics
in India.

The responsibility for choosing and carrying out charitable
activities lies with the local units in each country. This ensures
that we provide support where it is needed most. In doing so,
we apply high management standards and strategically focus
our corporate citizenship activities in areas where our company
competencies, resources and employee volunteering can make
a meaningful difference:

> Education and Science: Our goal is to maintain a continu-
ous dialogue with young people and to identify and foster
talent from an early age on. We support educational and re-
search activities particularly in natural sciences, engineering
and healthcare.

> Social: Projects in this area aim to bring about a systematic
and lasting improvement in people's living conditions. In
addition, we provide urgent humanitarian relief, including
financial and technical assistance after natural disasters.

> Environment: We want to make an effective contribution
towards protecting the environment, particularly through
our core competencies, and raise environmental awareness
among younger generations.

> Arts and Culture: We support Arts and Culture because a
society's cultural heritage is a key aspect of its identity.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 131,|8. | Corporate Governance

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172 |C.1_ | Business and economic environment
187 | C.2 | Financial performance system

193 | C.3 | Results of operations

205 | C.4 | Financial position

210 | C5 | Net assets position


--- Page 54 ---

11 1C.9 Report on expected developments and associated
material opportunities and risks

C.9.1 Report on expected developments

C.9.1.1 WORLDWIDE ECONOMY

For the year 2015 we expect world GDP to expand by 3.2% with
fixed investment and manufacturing value added growing
even more strongly at 4.5% and 3.9%, respectively. The slight
acceleration compared to 2.7% GDP growth anticipated in 2014
is expected to be driven mainly by the U.S. economy which
seems to be on a stable recovery path. The monetary environ-
ment is still expansive which should further support growth
especially in the housing market. Nevertheless the outlook for
the world economy remains uncertain, as indicated by the
deterioration of many early indicators (especially for the Euro
zone and China), the increased volatility in equity markets in
October, and the severe decline in oil prices since summer
2014. On the one hand, the oil price decline is a symptom of
slack global demand relative to supply. On the other hand it is
a stabilizing factor for oil importing countries, because it in-
creases purchasing power for consumers and reduces costs for
many businesses. The biggest downside risks stem from geo-
political tensions. An escalation of the Ukraine conflict would
lead to a steep decline in investment activity. Similarly, further
expansion of the “Islamic State” (including control over import-
ant oil fields) could disrupt global oil markets and hit the global
economy. Further downside risks would also emerge from an
uncontrolled spread of the Ebola epidemic outside West-Africa.

In the region Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East the condition
of many Euro zone economies is a cause for concern. Given the
latest indicators, there is some danger of a possible premature
lapse of the recovery in the Euro zone. In the near term, defla-
tion is the most important threat to these economies. While
the German economy is expected to still suffer from Euro zone
weakness and geopolitical tensions, it should also benefit from.
stabilizing factors, such as a relatively strong service sector,
solid consumer demand, strong employment data, a weaker
Euro and cheaper energy. For Russia, the outlook for 2015
depends on the future course of the Ukraine conflict and the
reaction of western countries, which is not foreseeable now.
While many African countries have achieved a steeper growth
path in recent years, they might be negatively affected by lower
raw material prices and by the Ebola epidemic in West-Africa.

For the Americas, we expect the U.S. economy to be the deci-
sive force. The U.S. recovery seems to be broad-based and sup-
ported by improving labor markets. The possible start of tight-
ening monetary measures should not disrupt the underlying
recovery. The outlook for Brazil, the second-largest economy in
the Americas region, is less optimistic. The expected GDP
growth rate of 1.0% for 2015 (a little more than the population
growth rate) has to be regarded as very low, given the poor

growth rate of 2014. The newly re-elected government has to
enact substantial structural reforms to increase the growth
potential of the country.

As in past years, Asia, Australia is expected to exhibit the high-
est GDP growth. We expect China to contribute the main part of
the region’s growth. However, the Chinese economy still suf-
fers from overcapacities in several industries and fragile real
estate and banking sectors. However, the government should
be able to contain these problems if they become more severe.
China's gradual shift from an investment-driven to a consump-
tion-driven economy is expected to slow down its economy in
the near term. For India, the outlook for next year is better than
in 2014. Growth should pick up slightly. However, similar to
Brazil, the country needs structural reforms and substantial
improvements in infrastructure.

All in all, for 2015 we expect growth of the global economy to
accelerate slightly compared to 2014. However, there is an un-
usually high number of downside risks, which - even if only
some of them materialize — could substantially weigh on global
economic activity. On the upside, a quick solution of political
conflicts together with strong economic growth in the U.S.
could boost global demand.

The forecasts presented here for GDP, gross fixed investments
and manufacturing value added are based on a report from IHS
Global Insight dated October 15, 2014.

C.9.1.2 MARKET DEVELOPMENT

In fiscal 2015, we expect growth in the markets served by the
Power and Gas Division to remain on a low level. While we
anticipate slightly increasing market volume year-over-year in
advanced gas turbine markets - especially in the large-scale
range (H class) — we also expect continued price declines due
to manufacturing overcapacities and increased competitive
pressure. We expect growth in the Division's oil and gas mar-
kets to accelerate in South America and Eastern Europe (e.g.
Turkey, Azerbaijan). Investments in markets in the Americas
are likely to pick up, despite delays, due mainly to demand for
gas-fired power plants. We anticipate flat development for the
coal-fired steam power plant market, due to an anticipated
slow-down in China. We expect that clear growth in distributed
power generation will continue to support growth for the
Divisions’ markets as a whole.

For the markets served by our Wind Power and Renewables
Division, we expect growth in fiscal 2015 to come in slightly
lower than in fiscal 2014, which saw particularly strong growth
rates. For onshore wind power markets, investments in the U.S.
are expected to decline in fiscal 2015, following the strong prior

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

225


--- Page 55 ---

226

fiscal year. In Europe, we expect the onshore market to see con-
tinuous moderate growth. In both cases, market development
strongly depends on the energy policy framework, including
tax incentives in the U.S. and regulatory frameworks in Ger-
many and the U.K. We expect these latter factors to have a sim-
ilar effect on growth in the offshore wind power market, which
is dominated by Europe. We expect the offshore wind power
markets in Asia, Australia and the Americas to remain largely
undeveloped in the short term.

For the markets served by our Energy Management Division,
we expect overall moderate growth in fiscal 2015. Within the
Division's utility markets, we expect a slight increase in fiscal
2015. On a regional basis, the strongest growth in the utility
markets is expected to come from the Europe, C.LS., Africa,
Middle East region. Here we expect strong demand from the
Middle East and growth in transmission investments due to the
integration of renewable sources into existing power distribu-
tion networks. This growth may be partly offset by lower
demand from major European utility companies which have an-
nounced plans to reduce their capital expenditures. We expect
utility markets in the Americas to grow slightly in fiscal 2015.
Markets in the Asia, Australia region are expected to grow
slightly, benefiting from demand from utility companies in the
emerging countries of the region. We expect the Division’s oil
and gas market to grow moderately, with the strongest growth
rates in the Americas. Production of unconventional oil and gas
is expected to be the main growth driver in the Americas, while
growth in the Asia, Australia region is driven by investments in
liquefied natural gas (LNG) infrastructure. The Division's miner-
als markets are expected to grow slightly in fiscal 2015 driven by
demand in the Asia, Australia region. Overcapacities burden the
Division’s metals markets, which are expected to grow even
more slowly than the minerals markets. We expect a more posi-
tive outlook in the Division's chemicals and non-residential con-
struction markets. Both markets are forecast to grow moderately
in fiscal 2015 year-over-year. In all regions the chemical industry
is contributing to growth. For the non-residential construction
markets, we expect growth to be driven by the recovery of U.S.
markets and by ongoing construction investments in Asia,
Australia, particularly in China.

For the markets served by our Building Technologies Division,
‘we expect moderate growth in fiscal 2015. On a regional basis,
‘we expect growth in Europe, C.I.S., Africa, Middle East to pick
up in fiscal 2015. Within the region, we expect growth rates in
Europe including Germany to increase slightly year-over-year.
For the Middle East we expect moderate growth rates year-
over-year. Within the Americas, we expect the Division to ben-
efit from a slow but continued recovery in U.S. construction
markets. We expect markets in the Asia, Australia region to
grow moderately as in fiscal 2014.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

We expect markets served by our Mobility Division to grow
slightly in fiscal 2015. Within Europe and the Middle East we
expect decisions on large contract tenders in fiscal 2015, stem-
ming from major public rail investments in the U.K. and the
Middle East. Liberalization of the Turkish rail industry is on-
going and large contract tenders are expected in the upcoming
years. Within the Americas, we expect a continued high level of
investments in mainline passenger and urban transport infra-
structures in the U.S. Within the Asia, Australia region, we ex-
pect growth in fiscal 2015 to benefit from a recovery of China’s
high-speed rail infrastructure market. In Australia, we expect
demand to be held back by lower investments in infrastructure
industries.

In fiscal 2015, we do not expect growth momentum to acceler-
ate in markets served by our Digital Factory and Process
Industries and Drives Divisions compared to fiscal 2014. With
the exception of the oil and gas industry, we expect conserva-
tive investments in industries served by both Divisions over-
all, particularly in Europe. Furthermore, we expect demand
from emerging markets, which were growth drivers in the
past, to be weak in fiscal 2015, with the exception of China.
Within the region Europe, C.1.S., Africa, Middle East, we expect
markets in Europe to continue to grow, albeit at a slow pace.
While we expect moderate growth rates in some central Euro-
pean countries, we expect growth to remain weak in the
industrial markets of some large economies, such as France
and Italy. While we expect currency-related headwinds for
export-oriented industries in the Euro-zone to recede in fiscal
2015 compared to fiscal 2014, we expect weak demand from
emerging markets to limit growth opportunities for those
industries in fiscal 2015. The latter development is expected to
be particularly evident in Germany's export-oriented OEM
businesses, such as the machine building industry. Also, we
expect growth in Germany's large automotive industry to slow
in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, resulting in less expan-
sive investments year-over-year. Within the Americas, we
expect that growth will be driven mainly by the U.S., which
will also benefit manufacturing industries in Canada and Mex-
ico. We expect a less favorable development in Brazil and
other Latin American countries, where industrial growth is
largely dependent on mining industries. Within the Asia, Aus-
tralia region, we expect industrial markets in China to grow
moderately in fiscal 2015, but below the growth rates in previ-
ous years, as development in the country’s export-oriented
industries is held back by a stronger currency, higher labor
costs and weakness in many other emerging economies which
are important for Chinese exports. Growth in Asia, Australia is
expected to benefit from a pick-up of industrial markets in
South Korea. Industrial markets in India are expected to im-
prove slightly. Overall, rising regional political uncertainties
may further limit investment behavior.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 56 ---

For fiscal 2015, we expect slight growth in the markets served
by Healthcare. We expect markets in emerging countries to
grow faster than markets in the industrialized countries. In
emerging markets, we expect continued strong demand, in
particular for entry-level products and solutions, as these coun-
tries build up their healthcare infrastructure to provide their
populations with affordable access to modern medical technol-
ogy, including in rural areas. In contrast, demand in industrial-
ized countries is expected to be held back by healthcare
reforms and budgetary constraints. We expect industrialized
countries - especially those more reliant on government
healthcare expenditures — to continue to focus on improving
the efficiency of healthcare and on slowing the growth of
healthcare spending, thus driving demand for cost-efficient
and high-throughput products and solutions. For the healthcare
market overall, we anticipate that the trends towards entry-level
solutions, higher efficiency and focus on patient outcomes will
continue. On a regional basis, we expect that growth in the
Americas in fiscal 2015 will be supported by moderate growth
in the U.S., where we expect the trends towards higher effi-
ciency and increased accountability of healthcare providers to
continue. Our customers continue to face legislative and regu-
latory reimbursement risks as governments and regulators
seek to curb healthcare costs. Within the Europe, C.1.S., Africa,
Middle East region, we expect the gradual stabilizing of Euro-
pean markets to continue in fiscal 2015. While we expect the
markets in the region Asia, Australia to grow faster than other
regions in fiscal 2015, we expect growth to slow down year-
over-year. This is expected to be particularly evident in China,
where we expect increasing price and competitive pressure due
mainly to increasing numbers of local vendors.

Our SFS Division is geared to Siemens’ Industrial Business and
its markets. As such SFS is, among other factors, influenced by
the overall business development of the markets served by our
Industrial Business.

C.9.1.3 SIEMENS GROUP
We are basing our outlook for fiscal 2015 for the Siemens Group
and its segments on the above-mentioned expectations regard-
ing the overall economic situation and specific market condi-
tions for the next fiscal year.

This outlook excludes impacts related to legal and regulatory
matters.

We are exposed to currency translation effects, particularly in-
volving the US$, British £ and currencies of emerging markets,
such as China, India and Brazil. During fiscal 2014, the average
exchange rate conversion for our large volume of US$-denomi-
nated revenue was US$1.357 per Euro. While we expect vola-
tility in global currency markets to continue in fiscal 2015,

we have improved our natural hedge on a global basis through
geographic distribution of our production facilities during the
past. Nevertheless, Siemens is still a net exporter from the Euro
zone to the rest of the world, so a weak Euro is principally
favorable for our business and a strong Euro is principally un-
favorable. In addition to the natural hedging strategy just men-
tioned, we also hedge currency risk in our export business
using derivative financial instruments, see —> note 30in — d.6
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. We expect these
steps to help us limit effects on income related to currency in
fiscal 2015.

Revenue growth

Given our complex economic and market developments, as
described in the previous section, we expect that fiscal 2015
revenue for Siemens on an organic basis, excluding currency
translation and portfolio effects, will be flat year-over-year. We
expect that a moderate organic revenue decline particularly in
our Power and Gas Division will be offset by organic revenue
growth in other Divisions. Also, we expect a stabilizing effect
on revenue from conversion of our order backlog (defined as
the sum of order backlogs of our Industrial Business) which
totaled €100 billion as of September 30, 2014. From this back-
log we expect to convert approximately €37 billion of past
orders into current revenue in fiscal 2015. We expect that orders
for fiscal 2015 will exceed revenue, leading to a book-to-bill
ratio above 1.

Profitability

In fiscal 2015, we expect substantial gains from divestments
mentioned in this Annual Report, particularly including the sale
of our stake in BSH and the sale of our hearing aid business. We
expect that these gains will more than offset charges associated
with our “Vision 2020” concept, which includes efforts to increase
customer proximity, accelerate innovation, and streamline our
management and internal service processes. We anticipate that
such charges during fiscal 2015 will be in the mid-to-high triple-
digit-million euro range. We expect a significant rise in net
income in fiscal 2015, which will enable us to increase basic
earnings per share (EPS) from net income by at least 15% from
€6.37 in fiscal 2014. In this forecast we also expect EPS growth
to benefit modestly from our current program to repurchase
Siemens shares in a volume of up to €4 billion; repurchases
under this program in fiscal 2014 totaled €1.1 billion.

Our assumptions regarding net income for fiscal 2015 in-
clude targeted increases in selling and R&D expenses, aimed at
organic volume growth and strengthening our capacities for
innovation. As part of our One Siemens framework, we target a
total cost productivity increase of 3% to 4%. Furthermore, we
expect a significant reduction in project charges compared to
fiscal 2014.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

227


--- Page 57 ---

228

Additionally, we assume pricing pressure on our offerings of
around 2.5% in fiscal 2015, with the Wind Power and Renew-
ables Division, the Power and Gas Division and Healthcare
being affected the most. Furthermore, we expect upward pres-
sure on costs from wage inflation of around 3% to 4%.

Beginning with fiscal 2015, we defined profit margin ranges for
our Industrial Business and SFS, which are based on the profit
margins of the respective relevant competitors. The profit mar-
gin ranges for our Industrial Business and for SFS are as follows:

| Profit margin ranges

Margin rai
Power and Gas 11-15%
Wind Power and Renewables 5 8%
Energy Management 710%
Building Technologies 8-11%
Mobility 6- 9%
Digital Factory 14-20%
Process Industries and Drives 8- 12%
Healthcare 15 - 19%
SFS (ROE (after taxes)) 15 - 20%

We expect that nearly all of our Divisions and Healthcare will
reach their margin ranges in fiscal 2015. Our Energy Manage-
ment Division and our Wind Power and Renewables Division,
whose profit margins were below their respective ranges in fis-
cal 2014, are expected to significantly improve their profitability
in fiscal 2015. While we expect the profit margin for our Power
and Gas Division to be in the target range in fiscal 2015, we ex-
pect it will come in significantly below the margin of 17.4%
achieved in fiscal 2014. Besides the above-mentioned market
conditions, the reasons for this development are targeted
expense increases for growth and innovation as well as consol-
idation early in fiscal 2015 of our acquisition of the aero-deriva-
tive turbine and compressor business of Rolls-Royce, among
other factors. Overall, we expect an aggregate profit margin for
our Industrial Business of 10% to 11%, compared to 10.6% in
fiscal 2014. We expect profit for SFS, which is outside our Indus-
trial Business, to be near the prior-year level.

Within our Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial State-
ments, profit from Centrally managed portfolio activities is
expected to rise sharply year-over-year, benefiting from a gain
on the sale of our stake in BSH. This positive effect is expected
to be partly offset by burdens that may arise from remaining
Centrally managed portfolio activities. While we anticipate
that SRE will continue with real estate disposals depending on
market conditions, we expect gains from disposals to be lower
in fiscal 2015 than in fiscal 2014. Corporate items are expected

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

to cost approximately €0.6 billion in fiscal 2015, with costs in
the second half-year higher than in the first half. Among other
factors, results from Corporate items are dependent on
changes in the fair value of warrants we issued together with
US$3 billion in bonds in fiscal 2012. Centrally carried pen-
sion expenses are expected to total approximately €0.5 billion
in fiscal 2015. Because our enhanced profit definition now
excludes expenses from amortization of intangible assets
acquired in business combinations, we report these expenses
separately within our Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial
Statements. In fiscal 2014, these expenses were a negative
€0.5 billion and we expect them to be on a similar level in
fiscal 2015.

Income from discontinued operations in fiscal 2015 is expected
to rise sharply year-over-year, benefiting particularly from a
substantial gain on the sale of our hearing aid business.

Capital efficiency

Our primary measure for managing and controlling our capital
efficiency is return on capital employed from continuing and dis-
continued operations (ROCE). Due mainly to our expectations
regarding the development of net income, we expect to achieve
ROCE clearly in our target range of 15% to 20% in fiscal 2015.

Capital structure

To measure our capital structure we use the ratio of industrial
net debt to EBITDA, and seek to achieve a ratio of up to 1.0. We
expect to achieve a ratio below 1.0 in fiscal 2015, but clearly
above the fiscal 2014 level of 0.15, due to portfolio measures
that we initiated in fiscal 2014 and our share buyback program,
which are expected to result in significant net cash outflows
in fiscal 2015.

Dividend

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. Therefore in the years ahead we intend to propose a
dividend payout of 40% to 60% of net income, which for this
purpose we may adjust to exclude selected exceptional non-
cash effects. As in the past, we intend to fund the dividend pay-
out from Free cash flow.

C.9.1.4 OVERALL ASSESSMENT

We believe that our business environment will be complex in
fiscal 2015, among other things due to geopolitical tensions. We
expect revenue on an organic basis to remain flat year-over-year,
and orders to exceed revenue for a book-to-bill ratio above 1. Fur-
thermore, we expect that gains from divestments will enable us
to increase basic EPS from net income by at least 15% from €6.37
in fiscal 2014. For our Industrial Business, we expect a profit
margin of 10% to 11%. This outlook excludes impacts from legal
and regulatory matters.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 58 ---

Overall, the actual development for Siemens and its Segments
may vary, positively or negatively, from our expectations due to
the risks and opportunities described below. See — c.9.3 Risks
as well as —> c.9.4 opportunities. This report on expected devel-
opments should be read in conjunction with —> £.6 NoTEs AND
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.

C.9.2 Risk management

C.9.2.1 BASIC PRINCIPLES OF THE RISK
MANAGEMENT

Our risk management policy stems from a philosophy of pursu-
ing sustainable growth and creating economic value while
avoiding and managing inappropriate risks. As risk manage-
ment is an integral part of how we plan and execute our busi-
ness strategies, our risk management policy is set by the Man-
aging Board. Our organizational and accountability structure as
of September 30, 2014 requires each of the respective manage-
ments of our Sectors, SFS, SRE, regions and Corporate Units to
implement risk management programs that are tailored to their
specific industries and responsibilities, while being consistent
with the overall policy established by the Managing Board.

C.9.2.2 ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS
We have implemented and coordinated a set of risk manage-
ment and control systems which support us in the early recog-
nition of developments jeopardizing the continuity of our busi-
ness. The most important of these systems include our
enterprise-wide processes for strategic planning and manage-
ment reporting. Strategic planning is intended to support us in
considering potential risks well in advance of major business
decisions, while management reporting is intended to enable
us to monitor such risks more closely as our business pro-
gresses. Our internal auditors regularly review the adequacy
and effectiveness of our risk management system. Accordingly,
if deficits are detected, it is possible to adopt appropriate mea-
sures for their elimination. This coordination of processes and
procedures is intended to help ensure that the Managing Board
and the Supervisory Board are fully informed about significant
risks in a timely manner.

Risk management at Siemens is based on a comprehensive, in-
teractive and management-oriented Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment (ERM) approach that is integrated into the organization
and that addresses both risks and opportunities. Our ERM
approach is based on the worldwide accepted Enterprise Risk
Management - Integrated Framework (2004) developed by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Com-
mission (COSO). The framework connects the ERM process
with our financial reporting process and our internal control

system. It considers a company’s strategy, the efficiency and
effectiveness of its business operations, the reliability of its
financial reporting as well as compliance with relevant laws
and regulations to be equally important.

The ERM process aims for early identification and evaluation of,
and response regarding, risks and opportunities that could ma-
terially affect the achievement of our strategic, operational,
financial and compliance objectives. Our ERM is based on a net
risk approach, covering risks and opportunities remaining after
the execution of existing control measures. In order to provide
a comprehensive view on our business activities, risks and op-
portunities are identified in a structured way combining ele-
ments of both top-down and bottom-up approaches. Risks and
opportunities are generally reported on a quarterly basis. This
regular reporting process is complemented by an ad-hoc
reporting process that aims to escalate critical issues in a timely
manner. Relevant risks and opportunities are prioritized in
terms of impact and likelihood, considering different perspec-
tives, including business objectives, reputation and regulatory
matters. The bottom-up identification and prioritization pro-
cess is supported by workshops with the respective manage-
ment of the Sector, SFS, SRE, regional and Corporate Unit orga-
nizations. This top-down element ensures that potential new
risks and opportunities are discussed at the management level
and are included in the subsequent reporting process, if found
to be relevant. Reported risks and opportunities are analyzed
regarding potential cumulative effects and are aggregated at
Sector, SFS, SRE, regional and corporate level.

Responsibilities are assigned for all relevant risks and opportu-
nities with the hierarchical level of responsibility depending on
the significance of the respective risk or opportunity. In a first
step, assuming responsibility for a specific risk or opportunity
involves deciding upon one of our general response strategies,
or a combination of them. Our general response strategies with
respect to risks are avoidance, transfer, reduction or acceptance
of the relevant risk. Our general response strategies with
respect to opportunities are partial or complete realization of
the relevant opportunity. In a second step, responsibility for a
risk or opportunity also involves the development, initiation
and monitoring of appropriate response measures correspond-
ing to the chosen response strategy. These response measures
have to be specifically tailored to allow for effective risk man-
agement. Accordingly, we have developed a variety of response
measures with different characteristics: For example, we miti-
gate the risk of fluctuations in currency and interest rates by
engaging in hedging activities. Regarding our long-term proj-
ects, systematic and comprehensive project management with
standardized project milestones, including provisional accep-
tances during project execution, and complemented by clearly

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

229


--- Page 59 ---

230

defined approval processes assists us in identifying and re-
sponding to project risks at an early stage, even before entering
the bidding phase. Furthermore, we maintain appropriate
insurance levels for potential cases of damage and liability risks
in order to reduce our exposure to such risks and to avoid or
minimize potential losses. Among others, we address the risk

C.9.2.3 RISK MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION
AND RESPONSIBILITIES

of fluctuations in economic activity and customer demand by
closely monitoring the macroeconomic conditions and devel-
opments in relevant industries, and by adjusting capacity and
implementing cost-reduction measures in a timely and consis-
tent manner, if deemed necessary.

| Operational and organizational structure of the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process as of September 30, 2014

Overall responsibility for the Risk and Internal Control System.
Defines risk policy and ERM strategy.

|
Corporate Risk &Internal Control Committee (CRIC)

Reports to and supports the Managing Board in matters relating
to the implementation, operation and oversight of an effective
Risk and Internal Control System

Oversees the effectiveness of the risk management and
internal control system.

Chief Risk &Internal Control Officer

Chairman of the CRIC. Defines and monitors application of ERM strategy,
policy and methodology. Consolidates Siemens wide risk and opportunity
profile for CRIC.

_ Sector Risk &Internal
Control Committees

i Sector Management’ | |

Oversee the risk and internal control activities for their area of responsibility and provide
the Management with information necessary to report to the CRIC.

Lead Country Management

Lead Country Risk &Internal
Control Committees

Heads of Corporate Units

Implement ERM system and ensure management and monitoring of risks and opportunities in their respective organization

| 4 The term “Sector” in this cl SFS and SRE.

To oversee the ERM process and to further drive the integration
and harmonization of existing control activities to align with
legal and operational requirements, the Managing Board estab-
lished a Corporate Risk and Internal Control Department,
headed by the Chief Risk &Internal Control Officer, and a Cor-
porate Risk and Internal Control Committee (CRIC). The CRIC
obtains risk and opportunity information from the Risk Com-
mittees established at the Sector, SFS, SRE and regional level as
well as from the Heads of Corporate Units, which then forms
the basis for the evaluation of the company-wide risk and op-
portunity situation. The CRIC reports to and supports the Man-
aging Board on matters relating to the implementation, opera-
tion and oversight of the risk and internal control system and
assists the Managing Board in reporting to the Audit Commit-
tee of the Supervisory Board. The CRIC is composed of the Chief
Risk &Internal Control Officer, as the chairperson, and mem-
bers of senior management such as the Sector and SFS CEOs,
the CFO of Siemens, and selected Heads of Corporate Units.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 131] 8

| Corporate Governance

C.9.3 Risks

Below we describe the risks that could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition (including effects on
assets, liabilities and cash flows), results of operations and
reputation. The order in which the risks are presented in each
of the four categories reflects the currently estimated relative
exposure for Siemens associated with these risks and thus
provides an indication of the risks’ current importance to us.
Nevertheless, risks currently considered to entail a lower risk
exposure could potentially result in a higher negative impact
on Siemens than risks currently considered to entail a higher
risk exposure. Additional risks not known to us or that we cur-
rently consider immaterial may also negatively impact our busi-
ness operations. Unless otherwise stated, the risks described
below relate to all of our segments.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 60 ---

C.9.3.1 STRATEGIC RISKS

We operate in highly competitive markets, which are sub-
ject to price pressures and rapid changes: The worldwide
markets for our products and solutions are highly competitive
in terms of pricing, product and service quality, product devel-
opment and introduction time, customer service and financ-
ing terms. In many of our businesses, we face downward price
pressure and we are or could be exposed to market downturns
or slower growth, which may increase in times of declining
investment activities and consumer demand. We face strong
competitors, some of which are larger and may have greater
resources in a given business area, and also competitors from
emerging markets, which may have a better cost structure.
Some industries in which we operate are undergoing con-
solidation, which may result in stronger competition and a
change in our relative market position. Certain competitors
may be more effective and faster in capturing available market
opportunities, such as through heavy investments or new
entrance of IT companies into emerging service fields (e.g.
data-driven services). These factors alone or in combination
may negatively impact our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

Furthermore, we see a risk that suppliers (and to some extent
even smaller customers), especially from emerging countries
(e.g. China), could develop into serious competitors for
Siemens resulting in even more competition and thus in re-
duced volume, loss of market share, and/or lower profit margin.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be affected by the uncertainties of economic and polit-
ical conditions, particularly in the current macroeconomic
environment, which is characterized by a high degree of un-
certainty and modest recovery as well as the continuing risk
of resurgence of crisis in financial markets and/or renewed
global economic downturn: Our business environment is in-
fluenced by both domestic and global demand, which in turn is
influenced by economic conditions. These conditions and, in
consequence, the speed of economic growth and the sustain-
ability of our market environment are dependent upon the evo-
lution of a number of global and local factors. We still see a
high level of uncertainty regarding the global economic out-
look, primarily as a result of the anemic economic recovery in
the Euro zone, sluggish growth in various emerging countries,
and ongoing geopolitical tensions. The main downside risks
stem from these political tensions. A severe escalation of the
conflict in Eastern Europe would strongly affect the European
and world economy and lead to a steep decline in investment
activity. Similarly, an escalation of the conflicts in the Middle
East could disrupt global oil markets and hit the global econ-
omy. Additional risks for our market environment include such
possibilities as a prolonged decline in investment sentiment,

a renewed crisis in financial and credit markets, a renewed
banking crisis in Europe, a hard landing of the Chinese econ-
omy, a supra-regional spread of the Ebola epidemic, fluctuating
commodity prices, bankruptcies, natural disasters, political
crises including further independence debates, social unrest
and other challenges.

In general, due to the significant proportion of long-cycle busi-
nesses in our former Sectors and the importance of long-term
contracts for Siemens, there is usually a time lag between the
development of macroeconomic conditions and their impact on
our financial results. Important exceptions include our short-
cycle businesses in the former Industry Sector, particularly
those in the former Industry Automation Division and parts of
the former Drive Technologies Division as well as parts of the
former Power Grid Solutions & Products Business within the for-
mer Infrastructure & Cities Sector, which are highly sensitive to
volatility in market demand. If the moderate recovery of macro-
economic growth stalls again and if we are not successful in
adapting our production and cost structure to subsequent
changes to conditions in the markets in which we operate,
there can be no assurance that we will not experience adverse
effects (e.g. underutilization of manufacturing and engineer-
ing capacities) that may be material to our business, financial
condition and results of operations. For example, it may be-
come more difficult for our customers to obtain financing and
as a result they may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase
our products and services or to follow through on purchases or
contracts already executed. Furthermore, prices may decline as
a result of adverse market conditions to a greater extent than
currently anticipated. In addition, contracted payment terms,
especially regarding the level of advance payments by our cus-
tomers relating to long-term projects, may become less favor-
able, which could negatively impact our cash flows. Addition-
ally, if customers are not successful in generating sufficient
revenue or securing access to the capital markets, they may not
be able to pay, or may delay payment of, the amounts they owe
us, which may adversely affect our business, financial condi-
tion and results of operations.

Numerous other headwinds continue to constrain the world
economy, such as the increasing popular support for anti-EU and
anti-business parties, ongoing high public debt, and significant
fluctuations in exchange rates, energy prices and raw material
prices. These and other factors could impact macroeconomic
parameters and the international capital and credit markets, and
the resulting uncertainty could have an adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is affected by a variety of market conditions and
regulations. For example, our former Energy Sector is exposed
to the development of global demand for energy and strongly

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

231


--- Page 61 ---

232

affected by regulations and policies related to energy and the
environment. Healthcare is dependent on policy development
and regulations affecting healthcare systems around the world,
particularly in the important U.S. healthcare market. Our for-
mer Industry Sector is vulnerable to unfavorable market condi-
tions in certain segments of the automotive and manufac-
turing industries. Our former Infrastructure &Cities Sector
focuses, among other things, on business with public authori-
ties around the world and is thus vulnerable to restrictions in
public budgets.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected by continued strategic alignments
and cost-cutting initiatives: We are in a continuous process of
strategic alignments and constantly engage in cost-cutting
initiatives, including ongoing capacity adjustment measures
and structural initiatives. Capacity adjustments through
consolidation of business activities and manufacturing facili-
ties, and the streamlining of product portfolios are also part of
these cost reduction efforts. These measures may not be imple-
mented as planned, may turn out to be less effective than an-
ticipated, may become effective later than estimated or may
not become effective at all. Each of these factors alone or in
combination may negatively impact our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Any future contribution of
these measures to our profitability will be influenced by the
actual savings achieved and by our ability to sustain them.

Our businesses must keep pace with technological
changes and develop new products and services to remain
competitive: The markets in which our businesses operate ex-
perience rapid and significant changes due to the introduction
of innovative technologies. To meet our customers’ needs, we
must continuously design new products and services and up-
date existing ones, while investing in and developing new
technologies. Introducing new products and technologies
requires a significant commitment to research and develop-
ment, which in return requires expenditure of considerable
financial resources that may not always result in success. Our
sales and profitability may suffer if we invest in technologies
that do not operate or may not be integrated as expected, or
that are not accepted in the market place as anticipated, or if
our products or systems are not introduced to the market ina
timely manner, particularly compared to our competitors, or
become obsolete. We constantly apply for new patents and
actively manage our intellectual property portfolio to secure
our technological position. However, our patents and other
intellectual property may not prevent competitors from inde-
pendently developing or selling products and services that are
similar to or duplicates of ours. There can be no assurance that
the resources we invest to protect our intellectual property
will be sufficient or that our intellectual property portfolio will

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

adequately deter misappropriation or improper use of our
technology. Furthermore, in some of our markets, the need to
develop and introduce new products rapidly in order to cap-
ture available opportunities may lead to quality problems. Our
operating results depend to a significant extent on our ability
to anticipate and adapt to changes in our markets and to
reduce the costs of producing high-quality products. Among
recent technology trends, we are carefully evaluating the
potential and relevance of digitalization. We believe that the
potential and usage scenarios of this technology vary among
our products, solutions and services depending on the degree
of information technology utilized. However, we also believe
that this trend needs to be monitored closely, because it might
bear the potential to change the competitive landscape. Any
inability to adapt to the aforementioned factors could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected by portfolio measures: Our strat-
egy includes divesting activities in some business areas and
strengthening others through portfolio measures, including
mergers and acquisitions.

With respect to divestments, we may not be able to divest some
of our activities as planned, and the divestitures we do carry
out could have a negative impact on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and our reputation. As a major
divestment, we agreed that Bosch will acquire Siemens’ stake
in BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgerate GmbH.

Mergers and acquisitions are inherently risky because of diffi-
culties that may arise when integrating people, operations,
technologies and products. There can be no assurance that any
of the businesses we acquire can be integrated successfully and
as timely as originally planned, or that they will perform as
anticipated once integrated. In addition, we may incur signifi-
cant acquisition, administrative and other costs in connection
with these transactions, including costs related to integration
of acquired businesses. For example, in September 2014, we
entered into an agreement with Dresser-Rand to acquire all of
its issued and outstanding common shares by way of a friendly
takeover bid. At the beginning of May 2014, we announced the
acquisition of the Rolls-Royce Energy aero-derivative gas
turbine and compressor business of Rolls-Royce plc, U.K. (Rolls-
Royce). Furthermore, portfolio measures may result in addi-
tional financing needs and adversely affect our financial
leverage and our debt-to-equity ratio. Acquisitions may also
lead to substantial increases in intangible assets, including
goodwill. Our Statements of Financial Position reflect a signifi-
cant amount of intangible assets, including goodwill. Among
our businesses, the largest amount of goodwill is allocated to

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 62 ---

the former Diagnostics Division and the former Imaging &
Therapy Systems Division of Healthcare, and the former Indus-
try Automation Division of the former Industry Sector. If we
were to encounter continuing adverse business developments
including negative effects on our revenues, profits or cash, or
adverse effects from an increase in the weighted average cost of
capital (WACC) or from foreign exchange rate developments, or
if we were otherwise to perform worse than expected at acqui-
sition activities, then these intangible assets, including good-
will, might have to be written off, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. The
likelihood of such adverse business developments increases in
times of difficult or uncertain macroeconomic conditions.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected by our equity interests, other
investments and strategic alliances: Our strategy includes
strengthening our business interests through joint ventures,
associated companies and strategic alliances. Certain of our
investments, particularly in our former segment Equity Invest-
ments, are accounted for using the equity method, including,
among others, Unify (formerly EN) and, after contractual clos-
ing of the transaction, our Metals Technologies joint venture
with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. Furthermore, we hold other
investments, for example Atos SE and OSRAM Licht AG. Any
factors negatively influencing the profitability of our equity and
other investments, including negative effects on revenues,
profits or cash, could have an adverse effect on our equity
pick-up related to these equity interests or may result in a write-
off of these investments. In addition, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could also be adversely
affected in connection with loans, guarantees or non-compli-
ance with financial covenants related to these equity and other
investments. Furthermore, such investments are inherently
risky as we may not be able to sufficiently influence corporate
governance processes or business decisions taken by our
equity investments, other investments and strategic alliances
that may have a negative effect on our business. In addition,
joint ventures bear the risk of difficulties that may arise when
integrating people, operations, technologies and products.
Strategic alliances may also pose risks for us because we com-
pete in some business areas with companies with which we
have strategic alliances.

We are subject to changes of regulations, laws and policies
concerning our products: As a diversified company with global
businesses we are exposed to various product-related regula-
tions, laws and policies influencing our processes. Recently,
some jurisdictions around the world have adopted certain reg-
ulations, laws and policies requiring us to extend our recycling
efforts, limit the sourcing and usage of certain raw materials,
and request that suppliers provide additional due diligence and

disclosures on sourcing and usage of the regulated raw materi-
als. In particular, there is U.S. legislation concerning the sourc-
ing of “conflict minerals” from mines located in the conflict
zones of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and its
adjoining countries. This U.S. legislation requires manufactur-
ers listed on U.S. stock exchanges to investigate and disclose
their use of any conflict minerals originating in the DRC or ad-
joining countries. Many of our customers fall into this category.
If their (sub-)suppliers do not provide them with requested in-
formation and do not take other steps to ensure that no such
conflict minerals are included in minerals or components sup-
plied to them, they may be forced to disclose information about
the use of conflict minerals in their supply chain in filings with
the SEC. Thus, our customers pass on these transparency obli-
gations within their supply chain in which we are also involved.
We exercise our duty within the supply chain, as our customers
request transparency in the supply chain and as the obligation
to do so already forms an element of customer contracts. If we
are unable to achieve sufficient confidence throughout our
supply chain, or if any of these risks or similar risks associated
with these kinds of regulations, laws and policies were to
materialize, our business, financial condition, results of opera-
tions and reputation could be adversely affected.

C.9.3.2 OPERATIONAL RISKS

Our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected by cost overruns or additional
payment obligations related to the management of our
long-term, fixed-price or turnkey projects: We perform a por-
tion of our business, especially large projects, under long-term
contracts that are awarded on a competitive bidding basis.
Some of these contracts are inherently risky because we may
assume substantially all of the risks associated with complet-
ing a project and the post-completion warranty obligations. For
example, we face the risk that we must satisfy technical re-
quirements of a project even though we may not have gained
experience with those requirements before we win the project.
The profit margins realized on fixed-priced contracts may vary
from original estimates as a result of changes in costs and pro-
ductivity over their term. We sometimes bear the risk of unan-
ticipated project modifications, shortage of key personnel,
quality problems, financial difficulties of our customers, cost
overruns or contractual penalties caused by unexpected tech-
nological problems, unforeseen developments at the project
sites, unforeseen changes or difficulties in the regulatory or
political environment, performance problems with our suppli-
ers, subcontractors and consortium partners or other logistical
difficulties. Certain of our multi-year contracts also contain
demanding installation and maintenance requirements in
addition to other performance criteria relating to timing, unit
cost and compliance with government regulations require-
ments, which, if not satisfied, could subject us to substantial

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

233


--- Page 63 ---

234

contractual penalties, damages, non-payment and contract ter-
mination. There can be no assurance that contracts and proj-
ects, in particular those with long-term duration and fixed-
price calculation, can be completed profitably.

Increased IT security threats and higher levels of profes-
sionalism in computer crime could pose a risk to our
systems, networks, products, solutions and services as well
as to those of our service providers: Our business portfolio
includes a broad array of systems, networks, products, solu-
tions and services across our businesses that rely on digital
technologies. We observe a global increase in IT security
threats and higher levels of professionalism in computer crime,
which pose a risk to the security of systems and networks and
the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data. We attempt
to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures,
including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of
our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and
protective systems such as firewalls and virus scanners. To the
extent we employ service providers, such as in the area of IT
infrastructure, we have contractual arrangements in place in
order to ensure that these risks are reduced in a similar man-
ner. Nonetheless, our systems, networks, products, solutions
and services, as well as those of our service providers remain
potentially vulnerable to attacks. Depending on their nature
and scope, such attacks could potentially lead to the leakage of
confidential information, improper use of our systems and net-
works, manipulation and destruction of data, defective prod-
ucts, production downtimes and supply shortages, which in
turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and reputation.

We may face operational failures and quality problems in
our value chain processes: Our value chain comprises all
steps, from research and development to supply chain manage-
ment, production, marketing, sales and services. Operational
failures in our value chain processes could result in quality
problems or potential product, labor safety, regulatory or envi-
ronmental risks. Such risks are particularly present in our
former Sectors in relation to our production and construction
facilities, which are located all over the world and have a high
degree of organizational and technological complexity. From
time to time, some of the products we sell might have quality
issues resulting from the design or manufacture of such prod-
ucts or from the software integrated into them. Our Healthcare
business, for example, is subject to regulatory authorities
including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Euro-
pean Commission’s Health and Consumer Policy Department,
which require us to make certain efforts to safeguard our prod-
uct quality. If we are not able to comply with these require-
ments, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and reputation may be adversely affected.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Furthermore, failures on the part of service providers we
employ, such as in the area of IT, may have an adverse effect on
our processes and operations and our ability to meet our com-
mitments to customers or increase our operating costs. Any
operational failures or quality issues could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of opera-
tions and reputation.

We are dependent upon hiring, developing and retaining
highly qualified management and technical personnel:
Competition for highly qualified personnel remains intense
in the industries and regions in which our businesses operate.
In many of our business areas, we intend to expand our busi-
ness activities, for which we will need highly skilled employ-
ees. Our future success depends in part on our continued abil-
ity to hire, integrate, develop and retain engineers and other
qualified personnel. We address this risk with various measures,
for example succession planning, employer branding, retention
and career management. However, there can be no assurance
that we will continue to be successful in attracting and retain-
ing all the highly qualified employees and key personnel needed
in the future, including in appropriate geographic locations, and
any inability to do so could have an adverse effect on our busi-
ness, financial condition, results of operations and reputation.

We may face interruption of our supply chain, including the
inability of third parties to deliver parts, components and
services on time and in the contractually agreed quality,
and we may be subject to rising raw material prices: Our
financial performance depends in part on reliable and effective
supply chain management for components, sub-assemblies
and other materials. Capacity constraints and supply shortages
resulting from ineffective supply chain management may lead
to delays and additional cost. We rely on third parties to supply
us with parts, components and services. Using third parties to
manufacture, assemble and test our products reduces our con-
trol over manufacturing yields, quality assurance, product
delivery schedules and costs. The third parties that supply us
with parts and components also have other customers and may
not have sufficient capacity to meet all of their customers’
needs, including ours, during periods of excess demand. Com-
ponent supply delays can affect the performance of our former
Sectors. Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid
supply-related problems, there can be no assurance that we
will not encounter supply problems in the future or that we will
be able to replace a supplier that is not able to meet our
demand. This risk is particularly evident in businesses with a
very limited number of suppliers. Shortages and delays could
materially harm our business. Unanticipated increases in the
price of components or raw materials due to market shortages
or other reasons could also adversely affect the performance of
our former Sectors. Furthermore, we may be exposed to the

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | C2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 64 ---

risk of delays and interruptions of the supply chain as a conse-
quence of natural disasters in case we are unable to identify
alternative sources of supply or ways of transportation in
a timely manner or at all. A general shortage of materials, com-
ponents or sub-components as a result of natural disasters also
bears the risk of unforeseeable fluctuations in prices and
demand, which might adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Our former Sectors purchase raw materials including so-called
rare-earth metals, copper, steel, aluminum and oil, which ex-
pose them to fluctuations in energy and raw material prices. In
recent times, commodities prices have been subject to volatile
markets, and such volatility is expected to continue. If we are
not able to compensate for our increased costs or pass them on
to customers, price increases could have an adverse impact on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
contrast, in times of falling commodity prices, we may not fully
profit from such price decreases as we attempt to reduce the
risk of rising commodity prices by several means, such as long-
term contracting or physical and financial hedging. In addition
to price pressure that we may face from our customers expect-
ing to benefit from falling commodity prices or adverse market
conditions, this could also adversely affect our business, finan-
cial condition and results of operations.

C.9.3.3 FINANCIAL RISKS

We are exposed to market price risks: We are exposed to fluc-
tuations in exchange rates, especially between the U.S. dollar
and the euro, because a high percentage of our business
volume is conducted in the U.S. and as exports from Europe. In
addition, we are exposed to currency effects involving the
currencies of emerging markets, in particular the Chinese
Yuan. A strengthening of the euro (particularly against the U.S.
dollar) may change our competitive position, as many of our
competitors may benefit from having a substantial portion of
their costs based in weaker currencies, enabling them to offer
their products at lower prices. As a result, a strong euro in rela-
tion to the U.S. dollar and other currencies could have an
adverse impact on our revenues and results of operations.
Certain currency risks as well as interest rate risks are hedged
using derivative financial instruments. Depending on the
development of foreign currency exchange and interest rates,
our hedging activities could have significant effects on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
Changes in the fair value of warrants issued together with
US$3 billion bonds in fiscal 2012 depends mainly on the under-
lying Siemens and OSRAM share prices as well as their respec-
tive volatilities, irrespective of the fact that our potential
obligation related to the warrant writer position to physically
deliver Siemens and OSRAM shares could be covered out of
existing stock. Accordingly, exchange rate, interest rate and

share price fluctuations may lead to higher volatility and
adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

We are exposed to volatile credit spreads: Regarding our
Corporate Treasury activities, widening credit spreads due to
uncertainty and risk aversion in the financial markets might
lead to adverse changes of fair market values of our financial
assets, in particular concerning our derivative financial instru-
ments. In addition, widening credit spreads could lead to
increasing refinancing costs if the Euro zone sovereign debt
crisis with its ongoing significant impact on global financial
markets and the European financial sector in particular, contin-
ues or even worsens. Any such development could also further
increase the costs for buying protection against credit risks due
to a potential increase of counterparty risks.

Our future financing via Corporate Treasury may particu-
larly be affected by the uncertainty of economic condi-
tions and the developments of capital and financial mar-
kets: Our Corporate Treasury is responsible for the financing
of the Company. Negative developments in foreign exchange,
money or capital markets, such as limited availability of funds
(particularly U.S. dollar funds), may increase our overall cost
of funding. The ongoing Euro zone sovereign debt crisis con-
tinues to have an impact on global capital markets. The result-
ing higher risk awareness of governments led to more regula-
tions on the use of financial instruments through (1) the
Regulation on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and
trade repositories (European Market Infrastructure Regula-
tion) and (2) other similar regulations in other jurisdictions,
which may have an impact on the future availability or the
costs of adequate hedging instruments for the Company.
It may even lead to further regulations of the financial sector
as well as to the use of financial instruments that could
adversely influence our future possibilities of obtaining debt
financing, and/or may increase our refinancing costs. Deterio-
rating credit quality or even default of business partners may
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Downgrades of our rating could increase our cost of capital
and therefore could negatively affect our business: Our
business, financial condition and results of operations are influ-
enced significantly by the actual and expected performance of
the former Sectors and SFS, as well as our portfolio measures.
An actual or expected negative development of our business,
financial condition or results of operations could result in the
deterioration of our credit rating. Downgrades by rating agen-
cies could increase our cost of capital, may reduce our potential
investor base and may negatively affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

235


--- Page 65 ---

236

Our financing activities subject us to various risks, includ-
ing credit, interest rate and foreign exchange risk: We pro-
vide our customers with various forms of direct and indirect
financing in connection with large projects. We also finance a
large number of customer orders, for example, the leasing of
medical equipment, mainly through SFS. SFS also bears credit
risk by financing third-party equipment or by taking direct or
indirect participation in financings, such as syndicated loans.
In part, we take a security interest in the assets we finance or
we receive additional collateral. Our business, financial condi-
tion and results of operations may be adversely affected if the
credit quality of our customers deteriorates or if they default on
their payment obligation to us, if the value of the assets in
which we have taken a security interest or additional collateral
declines, if interest rates or foreign exchange rates fluctuate, or
if the projects in which we invest are unsuccessful. Potential
adverse changes in economic conditions could cause a decline
in the fair market values of assets, derivative instruments as
well as collateral, resulting in losses which could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected by several parameters influenc-
ing the funded status of our pension benefit plans: The
funded status of our pension plans may be affected by an
increase or decrease in the defined benefit obligation (DBO), as
well as by an increase or decrease in the value of plan assets.
Asignificant increase in the underfunding may have a negative
effect on our rating. Pensions are accounted for in accordance
with actuarial valuations, which rely on statistical and other
factors in order to anticipate future events. These factors
include key pension plan valuation assumptions such as the
discount rate, rate of future compensation increases and
pension progression. Actual developments may differ from
assumptions due to changing market and economic conditions,
thereby resulting in an increase or decrease in the DBO. Signif-
icant movements in financial markets or a change in the port-
folio mix of invested assets could result in corresponding
increases or decreases in the value of plan assets, particularly
equity securities. Also, changes in pension plan assumptions
could affect defined benefit costs. For example, a change in dis-
count rates may result in changes in the defined benefit costs
in the following fiscal year. In order to comply with local pen-
sion regulations in selected foreign countries, we may face a
risk of increasing cash outflows to reduce an underfunding of
our pension plans in these countries, if any.

With respect to sales-related bank guarantees to be issued
in the course of orders or supplies, we are exposed to cer-
tain risks arising from our banks’ rating and its develop-
ment: Frequently customers request from the supplier that

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

guarantees customary for the business are procured from banks,
such as down-payment or warranty bonds, as part of the order.
Sometimes customers may also set minimum requirements as
to the creditworthiness of acceptable guarantors. Accordingly,
situations may arise with respect to existing orders that, during
the order's execution phase, customers request the provision of
alternative security upon the deterioration of a guaranteeing
bank's creditworthiness.

Examinations by tax authorities and changes in tax regula-
tions could adversely affect our business, financial condi-
tion and results of operations: We operate in nearly all coun-
tries of the world and therefore are subject to many different tax
regulations. Changes in tax law in any of these jurisdictions
could result in higher tax expense and payments. Furthermore,
legislative changes could impact our tax receivables and liabil-
ities as well as deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. In
addition, the uncertain tax environment in some regions could
limit our ability to enforce our rights. As a globally operating
organization, we conduct business in countries subject to com-
plex tax rules, which may be interpreted in different ways. Future
interpretations or developments of tax regimes may affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. We are
regularly examined by tax authorities in various jurisdictions.

For further information on derivative financial instruments,
hedging activities and financial risk management, see -> NoTE
30 AND 31 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

C.9.3.4 COMPLIANCE RISKS

We are subject to regulatory risks associated with our inter-
national operations: Protectionist trade policies and changes
in the political and regulatory environment in the markets in
which we operate, such as import and export controls, tariffs
and other trade barriers including debarment from certain mar-
kets and price or exchange controls, could affect our business
in several national markets, impact our sales and profitability
and make the repatriation of profits difficult, and may expose
us to penalties, sanctions and reputational damage. In addi-
tion, the uncertainty of the legal environment in some regions
could limit our ability to enforce our rights and subject us to
continually increasing costs related to designing and imple-
menting appropriate compliance programs and protocols.

As a globally operating organization, we conduct business with
customers in countries, such as Iran, Syria, Cuba and countries
in Eastern Europe, that are subject to export control regulations
embargoes, economic sanctions or other forms of trade restric-
tions imposed by the U.S., the European Union or other coun-
tries or organizations. New or expanded export control regu-
lations, economic sanctions, embargoes or other forms of
trade restrictions imposed on Iran, Syria or on other sanctioned

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 66 ---

countries in which we do business may result in a curtailment
of our existing business in such countries or indirectly in other
countries and in amendments to our policies. We are also aware
of initiatives by institutional investors, such as pension funds or
other companies, to adopt or consider adopting policies prohib-
iting investment in and transactions with, or requiring divest-
ment of interests in entities doing business with, Iran and other
countries identified as state sponsors of terrorism by the U.S.
Secretary of State. It is possible that such initiatives may result
in us being unable to gain or retain investors, customers or sup-
pliers. In addition, the termination of our activities in sanctioned
countries may expose us to customer claims and other actions.
Our reputation could also suffer due to our activities with coun-
terparties in or affiliated with these countries. As previously
disclosed, Siemens has decided that, subject to certain limited
exceptions, it will not enter into new contracts with customers
in Iran and has issued group-wide policies establishing the
details of its general decision.

We expect that sales to emerging markets will account for an
increasing portion of our total revenue, as our business natu-
rally evolves and as developing nations and regions around the
world increase their demand for our offering. Emerging market
operations involve various risks, including civil unrest, health
concerns, cultural differences such as employment and busi-
ness practices, volatility in gross domestic product, economic
and governmental instability, the potential for nationalization
of private assets and the imposition of exchange controls. The
Asian markets, in particular, are important for our long-term
growth strategy, and our sizeable operations in China are influ-
enced by a legal system that is still developing and is subject
to change. Our growth strategy could be limited by govern-
ments supporting local industries. Our former Sectors, partic-
ularly those that derive their revenue from large projects,
could be adversely affected if future demand, prices and gross
domestic product in the markets in which those former Sectors
operate do not develop as favorably as expected due to such
regulatory measures. If any of these risks or similar risks asso-
ciated with our international operations were to materialize,
our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Current and future investigations regarding allegations of
public corruption, antitrust violations and other illegal acts
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations and on our reputation:
We engage in a substantial amount of business with govern-
ments and government-owned enterprises around the world.
We also participate in a number of projects funded by govern-
ment agencies and intergovernmental and supranational orga-
nizations such as multilateral development banks. If we are
found to have been engaged in public corruption, antitrust

violations and other illegal acts, such activities may impair our
ability to do business with these or other organizations. Cor-
ruption, antitrust and related proceedings may lead to criminal
and civil fines as well as penalties, sanctions, injunctions
against future conduct, profit disgorgements, disqualifications
from directly and indirectly engaging in certain types of busi-
ness, the loss of business licenses or permits or other restric-
tions. Accordingly, we may be required to record material pro-
visions to cover potential liabilities arising in connection with
such investigations and proceedings, including potential tax
penalties. Moreover, any findings related to public corruption
that are not covered by the 2008 and 2009 corruption charge
settlements, which were concluded with American and German
authorities, may endanger our business with government
agencies and intergovernmental and supranational organiza-
tions, further monitors could be appointed to review future
business practices and we may otherwise be required to further
modify our business practices and our compliance program.

Our involvement in ongoing and potential future corruption or
antitrust proceedings could damage our reputation and have
an adverse impact on our ability to compete for business from
public and private sector customers around the world. If we or
our subsidiaries are found to have engaged in certain illegal
acts or not to have taken effective steps to address allegations
or findings of corruption or antitrust violations in our business,
this may impair our ability to participate in business with gov-
ernments or intergovernmental organizations and may result
in our formal exclusion from such business. Even if we are not
formally excluded from participating in government business,
government agencies or intergovernmental or supranational
organizations may informally exclude us from tendering for or
participating in certain contracts. For example, legislation of
member states of the European Union could in certain cases
result in our mandatory or discretionary exclusion from public
contracts in case of a conviction for bribery and certain other
offences or for other reasons. As described in more detail in
—> NOTE 28 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
we and certain of our subsidiaries have in the past been ex-
cluded or currently are excluded from some contracting, in-
cluding with governments, development banks and multilat-
eral financial institutions, as a result of findings of corruption
or other misconduct. Ongoing or potential future investiga-
tions into allegations of corruption or antitrust violations could
also impair existing relationships with, and our ability to ac-
quire new private sector business partners. For instance, such
investigations may adversely affect our ability to pursue poten-
tially important strategic projects and transactions, such as
strategic alliances, joint ventures or other business combina-
tions, or could result in the cancellation of certain of our exist-
ing contracts and third parties, including our competitors,
could initiate significant third-party litigation.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

237


--- Page 67 ---

238

In addition, future developments in ongoing and potential
future investigations, such as responding to the requests of
governmental authorities and cooperating with them, could
divert management's attention and resources from other issues
facing our business. The materialization of any of these risks
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condi-
tion and results of operations and on our reputation.

We are subject to environmental and other governmental
regulations: Some of the industries in which we operate are
highly regulated. Current and future environmental and other
governmental regulations or changes thereto may require us
to change the way we run our operations and could result in
significant increases in our operating or production costs. In
addition, while we have procedures in place to ensure compli-
ance with applicable governmental regulations in the conduct
of our business operations, it cannot be excluded that viola-
tions of applicable governmental regulations may be caused
either by us or by third parties that we contract with, including
suppliers or service providers, whose activities may be at-
tributed to us. Any such violations expose us to the risk of lia-
bility, reputational damage or loss of licenses or permits that
are important to our business operations. In particular, we
could also face liability for damage or remediation for environ-
mental contamination at the facilities we design or operate. For
example, we are required to bear environmental clean-up costs
mainly related to remediation and environmental protection
liabilities, which have been accrued based on the estimated
costs of decommissioning facilities for the production of ura-
nium and mixed-oxide fuel elements in Hanau, Germany, as well
as a nuclear research and service center in Karlstein, Germany.
For further information, see —> note 23 in -> D.6 NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Under certain circum-
stances, we establish provisions for environmental risks. With
regard to certain environmental risks, we maintain liability in-
surance at levels that our management believes are appropri-
ate and consistent with industry practice. We may incur envi-
ronmental losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of
such insurance, and such losses may have an adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of our operations.
In addition, our provisions for environmental liabilities may
not be sufficient to cover our ultimate losses or expenditures
resulting therefrom.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations
could suffer as a result of current or future litigation: We are
subject to numerous risks relating to legal, governmental and
regulatory proceedings to which we are currently a party or to
which we may become a party in the future. We routinely be-
come subject to legal, governmental and regulatory investiga-
tions and proceedings involving, among other things, requests
for arbitration, allegations of improper delivery of goods or

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

services, product liability, product defects, quality problems,
intellectual property infringement, non-compliance with tax reg-
ulations and/or alleged or suspected violations of applicable
laws. In addition, we may face further claims in connection with
the circumstances that led to the corruption charges. For addi-
tional information with respect to specific proceedings, see
—> NOTE 28 in —> D.6 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
There can be no assurance that the results of these or any other
proceedings will not materially harm our business, financial con-
dition and results of operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately
prevail on the merits in any such proceedings, we may have to
incur substantial legal fees and other costs defending ourselves
against the underlying allegations. Under certain circumstances
we record a provision for risks arising from legal disputes and
proceedings. In addition, we maintain liability insurance for cer-
tain legal risks at levels our management believes are appropriate
and consistent with industry practice. Our insurance policy, how-
ever, does not protect us against reputational damage. Moreover,
we may incur losses relating to legal proceedings beyond the lim-
its, or outside the coverage, of such insurance or exceeding any
provisions made for legal proceedings related losses. Finally,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain ade-
quate insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms in
the future. Each of these risks may have an adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

C.9.3.5 ASSESSMENT OF THE OVERALL

RISK SITUATION

The most significant challenges have been mentioned first in
each of the four categories Strategic, Operations, Financial and
Compliance with the risks caused by highly competitive mar-
kets currently being our most significant. Even though the as-
sessments of individual risk exposures have changed during
fiscal 2014 due to developments in the external environment as
well as the effects of our own mitigation measures, the overall
risk situation for Siemens did not change significantly as com-
pared to the prior year. At present, no risks have been identified
that either individually or in combination could endanger our
ability to continue as a going concern. We are confident that we
can continue to successfully counter the challenges arising
from the risks mentioned above.

C.9.4 Opportunities

Within our comprehensive, interactive and management-ori-
ented Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) approach that is inte-
grated into the organization and that addresses both risks and
opportunities, we regularly identify, evaluate and respond to
opportunities that present themselves in our various fields of
activity. Below we describe our most significant opportunities.
Unless otherwise stated, the opportunities described below

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 68 ---

relate to all of our segments. The order in which the opportuni-
ties are presented reflects the currently estimated relative ex-
posure for Siemens associated with these opportunities and
thus provides an indication of the opportunities’ current impor-
tance to us. Nevertheless, opportunities currently considered
to entail a lower opportunity exposure could potentially result
in a higher positive impact on Siemens than opportunities cur-
rently considered to entail a higher opportunity exposure. The
described opportunities are necessarily not the only ones we
encounter. In addition, our assessment of opportunities is sub-
ject to change as our Company, our markets and technologies
are constantly developing. As a consequence, new opportuni-
ties may arise, existing opportunities may cease to be relevant,
or the significance of an opportunity may change. Generally,
opportunities are assessed to the best of our knowledge, con-
sidering certain assumptions, including market development,
market potential of technologies or solutions, and anticipated
developments in customer demand or prices, among other
things. When opportunities materialize, they may have a lower
effect than previously estimated on the basis of the underlying
assumptions. It is also possible that opportunities we see today
will never materialize.

In our view, the overall opportunity situation did not change
significantly as compared to the prior year.

We constantly strive to develop new technologies, offer new
products, solutions and services, and improve existing ones:
We invest in new technologies that we expect will meet future
demands in accordance with the megatrends demographic
change, urbanization, climate change, globalization and digital
transformation (for further information see —> c.1.3 sTRATEGY).
Furthermore, a growing awareness for cyber security could lead
to additional business for high quality solutions offered by the
former Industry Sector's Industry Automation Division.

We see further opportunities in the growth potential of
emerging markets as well as established markets: We ex-
pect that in coming years growth in our markets will be driven
by countries in Asia and the Middle East, in particular by coun-
tries such as Indonesia and Turkey. Within One Siemens, we
take measures aimed at continuously increasing our share of
revenue from emerging markets. Our "Vision 2020” concept,
which puts a stronger focus on getting close to customers is
expected to result in higher market penetration (for further
information, see —> c.1.3 STRATEGY).

We believe that developing the capability to design, manufac-
ture and sell so-called SMART products (simple, maintenance-
friendly, affordable, reliable, and timely-to-market) will pro-
vide us with opportunities to gain market share and enhance
our local presence in these strategic growth markets. Adding

further SMART products to our portfolio and developing stron-
ger sales channels would enable us to increase our revenues by
serving large and fast-growing geographic markets, where cus-
tomers making a purchase decision may consider price more
strongly than product features without compromising on prod-
uct quality and reliability.

Through selective acquisitions, equity investments and
partnerships we constantly strive to strengthen our lead-
ing technology position, open up additional potential mar-
kets and further develop our product portfolio: We con-
stantly monitor our current and future markets for opportunities
for strategic acquisitions, equity investments or partnerships to
complement organic growth. Such activities could help us to
strengthen our market position in our existing markets, provide
access to new markets or complement our technological port-
folio in selected areas.

Localizing value chain activities in low-cost countries could
further improve our cost position: Localizing certain value
chain activities, such as procurement, manufacturing, mainte-
nance and service in markets such as the BRIC countries, other
emerging markets, and the Middle East could enable us to re-
duce costs and strengthen our global competitive position, in
particular compared to competitors based in countries with a
more favorable cost structure.

We are in the process of continuously developing and im-
plementing initiatives to reduce costs, adjust capacities,
improve our processes and streamline our portfolio: In an
increasingly competitive market environment, a competitive
cost structure complements the competitive advantage of
being innovative. We believe that further improvements in our
cost position can strengthen our global competitive position
and secure our market presence against emerging and incum-
bent competitors. For example, we expect to create sustainable
value from productivity measures in connection with our
“Vision 2020" (for further information, see —> c.1.3 STRATEGY).
Moreover, fostering a stringent claim management process can
help materialize opportunities by enforcing our claims towards
our contract partners even stronger.

We are realigning our organization: As of November, 2013,
we disbanded our Regional Cluster organization. Following this
organizational change, we have designated 30 Lead Countries
which are individually responsible for managing a number
of other countries regarding market penetration. Each Lead
Country reports directly to the Managing Board. By implement-
ing this move, Siemens intends to intensify its customer access
and expand its regional business. We expect this new setup to
further enhance our local market penetration and our customer
proximity going forward.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

239


--- Page 69 ---

240

As of October 1, 2014, we have also eliminated the Sector level
and consolidated our business activities into nine Divisions and
one separately managed unit, Healthcare (for details see
—> ©.1.1.1 ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION). This change is
expected to increase our customer proximity and accelerate our
decision-making. In addition, we have made governance even
more stringent across all levels of our organization. Our Man-
aging Board leads the Company and maintains the balance be-
tween our businesses and Regions. It is supported by strong,
efficient corporate governance functions, our Corporate Core,
which is expected to ensure fast, nonbureaucratic deci-
sion-making across key company functions (for details, see
> €.1.3 STRATEGY).

C.9.5 Significant characteristics
of the accounting-related internal
control and risk management system

The following discussion describes information required pursu-
ant to Section 289 (5) and Section 315 (2) no. 5 of the German
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and explanatory report.

The overarching objective of our accounting-related internal
control and risk management system is to ensure that finan-
cial reporting is conducted in a proper manner such that the
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Man-
agement Report are prepared in accordance with all relevant
regulations.

As described in -> c.9.2 RISK MANAGEMENT, Our ERM approach is
based on the worldwide accepted “Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment — Integrated Framework" developed by the COSO. As one of
the objectives of this framework is reliability of a company’s
financial reporting, it also includes an accounting-related per-
spective. The accounting-related internal control system (control
system) implemented by us is based on Internal Control —
Integrated Framework (2013), an internationally recognized
framework also developed by the COSO. The two systems are
complementary.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 13118

| Corporate Governance

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintain-
ing adequate internal control over financial reporting. At the
end of each fiscal year, our management performs an evalua-
tion of the effectiveness of its control system, both in design
and operating effectiveness. We have a standardized procedure
under which necessary controls are defined, documented in
accordance with uniform standards, and tested regularly on
their effectiveness. Nevertheless, there are inherent limitations
in the effectiveness of any control system, and no system, in-
cluding one determined to be effective, may prevent or detect
all misstatements.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared on the ba-
sis of a conceptual framework which primarily consists of com-
pany-wide uniform Financial Reporting Guidelines and a chart
of accounts, both issued centrally and to be applied consistently
throughout Siemens. New laws, accounting standards, and
other official announcements are analyzed on an ongoing basis
with regard to their relevance and impact on the Consolidated
Financial Statements and the Combined Management Report
and where necessary, our Financial Reporting Guidelines and
the chart of accounts are adjusted accordingly. In quarterly clos-
ing letters, accounting departments of Siemens AG and its sub-
sidiaries are informed about current topics from an accounting
and closing process perspective and any deadlines that must be
met for the respective closing processes.

The base data used in preparing the Consolidated Financial
Statements consists of the closing data reported by the opera-
tions of Siemens AG and its subsidiaries, which are derived
from the various accounting records. The preparation of the
closing data of most of our subsidiaries is supported by an
internal shared services organization. Furthermore, other ac-
counting activities, such as governance and monitoring related
activities, are bundled on regional level. In addition, for some
areas requiring specialized know-how such as valuations relat-
ing to post-employment benefits support from external service
providers is obtained and used. The reported closing data is
used to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements in the
consolidation system. The steps necessary to prepare the Con-
solidated Financial Statements are subject to both manual and
automated controls at all levels.

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 70 ---

The specialist skills required of employees involved in the ac-
counting process are assessed when the employees are initially
selected; thereafter, the employees receive regular training. As
a fundamental principle, at the different levels and based on
materiality considerations, items must be verified by at least
one other person (four eyes principle) and specific procedures
must be adhered to for the authorization of the data. Additional
control mechanisms include target-performance comparisons
and analyses of the composition of, and changes in, individual
line items, both in the closing data reported by units and in the
Consolidated Financial Statements. Accounting-related IT sys-
tems provide for defined access rules in order to ensure that
accounting related data is protected from unauthorized access,
use or modification. Every unit included in our Consolidated
Financial Statements is subject to the rules and regulations of
the Corporate Information Security Guide.

On a quarterly basis, an internal certification process is ex-
ecuted. Management of different levels of our organization,
supported by confirmations of management of entities under
their responsibility, confirms the accuracy of the financial data
that has been reported to Siemens’ corporate headquarters and
reports on the effectiveness of the related control systems.

In addition, we have set up a Disclosure Committee - compris-
ing selected heads of Corporate Units — which is responsible for
reviewing certain financial and non-financial information prior
to publication.

The Supervisory Board, through the Audit Committee, is also
integrated into our control system. In particular, the Audit
Committee oversees the accounting process, the effectiveness
of the control system, the risk management system and the
internal audit system, and the independent audit of financial
statements. In addition, it conducts an audit of the documents
related to the Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG and
the Consolidated Financial Statements and discusses the
Annual Financial Statements of Siemens AG, the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Combined Management Report of
these statements with the Managing Board and the indepen-
dent auditors.

Through audits on a continuous and Siemens wide basis our
internal corporate audit function monitors compliance with
our guidelines and the reliability and functional operation of
our control system as well as the adequacy and effectiveness
of our risk management system.

In addition we have rules for accounting-related complaints
and a Code of Ethics for Financial Matters.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATED TO THE
ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SIEMENS AG
(GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE)

Siemens AG as the parent company of the Siemens Group is
integrated into the company-wide accounting-related internal
control system described above. Generally, the information set
out above also applies for Annual Financial Statements of
Siemens AG prepared in accordance with the German Com-
mercial Code.

The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accor-
dance with IFRS. Where required, i.e. for purposes of preparing
statements for local regulatory or tax purposes, data is adopted
in accordance with relevant regulations by means of reconcili-
ation at account level. Accordingly, accurately determined IFRS
closing data also forms an important basis for the Annual
Financial Statements of Siemens AG. In the case of Siemens AG
and other group companies required to prepare financial state-
ments in accordance with German Commercial Code, the
conceptual framework described above is complemented by
mandatory regulations specific to German Commercial Code
within our Financial Reporting Guidelines and a German Com-
mercial Code chart of accounts. The manual and system-based
control mechanisms referred to above generally also apply
when reconciling the IFRS closing data to the Annual Financial
Statements of Siemens AG.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

241


--- Page 71 ---

242

111 C.10 Compensation Report and legal disclosures

The Compensation Report outlines the principles underlying
the determination of the total compensation of the members of
the Managing Board of Siemens AG, and sets out the structure
and level of the remuneration of the Managing Board mem-
bers. It also describes the policies governing and levels of com-
pensation paid to Supervisory Board members. The Compensa-
tion Report is an integral part of the Combined Management
Report and is presented in —> 8.4 COMPENSATION REPORT.

The Corporate Governance statement pursuant to Section 289a
of the German Commercial Code is an integral part of the Com-
bined Management Report and is presented in —> 8.2 corPoRATE
GOVERNANCE STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 289A OF THE GERMAN
COMMERCIAL CODE.

The Takeover-relevant information (pursuant to Sections 289
para. 4 and 315 para. 4 of the German Commercial Code) and
explanatory report are an integral part of the Combined Man-
agement Report and are presented in -> 8.5 TAKEOVER-RELEVANT
INFORMATION (PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 289 PARA. 4 AND 315 PARA. 4 OF
THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE) AND EXPLANATORY REPORT.

The Compliance Report outlines the principles of our Compli-
ance System which aims to ensure that all our worldwide busi-
ness practices are in line with our Business Conduct Guidelines
and in compliance with all applicable laws. In addition, it de-
scribes our approach on compliance risk management, busi-
ness partner compliance due diligence, cooperation with third
parties and the Siemens Integrity Initiative. The Compliance
Report is an integral part of the Combined Management Report
and is presented in —> 8.3 COMPLIANCE REPORT.

111 C.11 Siemens AG (Discussion on basis of German Commercial Code)

Unlike our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Report-
ing Standards (IFRS), the Annual Financial Statements of
Siemens AG have been prepared in accordance with the rules
set out in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch).

C.11.1 Business and economic environment

Siemens AG is the parent company of the Siemens Group.
Siemens AG is a technology company with core activities in the
fields of electrification, automation and digitalization. Siemens AG
includes one additional operating business, Siemens Real Estate.
Furthermore Siemens AG is significantly influenced by directly
or indirectly owned subsidiaries and investments. Siemens AG
holds directly and indirectly 640 legal entities including
non-controlling interests. Siemens AG also includes the Group's
corporate headquarters functions.

The economic environment for Siemens AG is largely the same
as for the Siemens Group and is described in detail in — c.1.2
ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT.

108 | A. | To our Shareholders 131] 8

| Corporate Governance

C.11.2 Results of operations

Statement of Income of Siemens AG in accordance
|_with German Commercial Code (condensed)

September 30 % Change
(in millions of €) 2014 2013
Revenue 30,934 30,305 2%
Cost of sales (22,109)| (22,016) 1%
Gross profit 8,824 8,289 6%

as percentage of revenue 29% 27%
Research and development
expenses (2,781) (2,878) 3%
Selling and general
administrative expenses (4,036) (4,173) 3%
Other operating income
(expenses), net (20) (178) 89%
Financial income, net

thereof income from

investments 2,870

(prior year 3,893) 2,243 3,631 (38)%
Result from
ordinary activities 4,230 4,692 (10)%
Income taxes (444) (840) 47%
Net income 3,786 3,852 (2)%
Profit carried forward 110 115 (4)%
Assets reduction due
to spin-off = (1,800) 100%
Allocation to other
retained earnings (988) 476 nia
Unappropriated net income 2,907 2,643 10%

171 | C._ | Combined Management Report

172) C4
187 | c.2
193 | C3
205 | C4
210 1c.5

Business and economic environment
Financial performance system
Results of operations

Financial position

Net assets position


--- Page 72 ---

The increase in Revenue is due primarily to revenue increases
of €1.002 billion in the Energy Sector, €251 million in the Indus-
try Sector and €73 million in the Infrastructure & Cities Sector.
These increases were partly offset by revenue declines of
€419 million in the Healthcare Sector and €16 million in
Siemens Real Estate. As a consequence of the mutual agree-
ment procedure with tax authorities related to transfer pricing,
Siemens AG received compensatory payments from Siemens
Healthcare U.S. The payments amounted to €259 million, com-
pared to €670 million in the prior year, and were booked as rev-
enue by the Healthcare Sector. On a geographic basis, revenue
grew 31% year-over-year in the Asia, Australia region and de-
clined 12% in the Americas region and 3% in the Europe, C.LS.,
Africa, Middle East region. Exports from Germany accounted
for 73% and 70% of revenue in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respec-
tively. In fiscal 2014, orders for Siemens AG amounted to
€32.3 billion, nearly level compared to the prior year.

The increase in Gross profit included increases of €421 million
in the Energy Sector, €279 million in the Industry Sector
and €269 million in the Infrastructure & Cities Sector. These
increases were partly offset by a decrease of €335 million in the
Healthcare Sector. A year earlier, gross profit was burdened by
charges for the company-wide “Siemens 2014” productivity im-
provement program. While both years included project charges,
these were higher in fiscal 2014. In particular, the Energy
Sector's Power Transmission Division took charges including
€361 million related primarily to grid-connections to offshore
wind-farms and €197 million related to onshore HVDC trans-
mission line projects.

Research and development (R&D) expenses decreased due
primarily to a reduction of €196 million in the Infrastructure &
Cities Sector. This decrease was partly offset by increases of
€46 million in the Energy Sector and €16 million in the Health-
care Sector. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue (R&D
intensity) decreased by one percentage point, to 9% year-over
year. On an average basis, we employed 12,600 people in R&D
in fiscal 2014, compared to 12,500 in fiscal 2013. For additional
information see —> c.8.3 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.

The improvement in Other operating income (expenses), net
resulted from an increase in other operating income of
€161 million, only slightly offset by an increase of €4 million in
other operating expenses. Within other operating income, pos-
itive effects included €137 million from higher allocation of
central infrastructure and support services to Sectors and
Divisions outside Siemens AG, and gains totaling €110 million
related to the sale of concessions and industrial property rights
to Siemens Schweiz AG.

The decline in Financial income, net was primarily attribut-
able to lower income from investments, which decreased by
€1.023 billion. Other financial income was €395 million lower
compared to the prior year, while net interest income came in
€29 million higher.

The primary factor for the decrease in income from invest-
ments was lower dividend payments. In fiscal 2013, we received
a dividend payment of €3.000 billion from Siemens Beteiligungs-
verwaltung GmbH &Co. OHG. We received no such dividend
payment in fiscal 2014. In contrast, income from profit transfers
from Siemens Beteiligungen Inland GmbH increased by
€909 million. In addition, gains (losses) from the disposal of
investments came in €755 million higher year-over-year, in-
cluding a gain of €321 million from the sale of our 17% stake in
OSRAM Licht AG to Siemens Beteiligungen Inland GmbH.

The decrease in other financial income resulted mainly from a
realized loss related to interest and foreign currency derivatives
amounting to €309 million, compared to income amounting to
€548 million in the prior year. In addition, expenses from com-
pounding of pension provisions increased by €161 million.
These factors were partly offset by reversals of impairments of
shares in investments of €214 million.

The decline in Income tax expenses was due mainly to prior-
year one-time special effects.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 | E,

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

243


--- Page 73 ---

244

C.11.3 Net assets and financial position

Statement of Financial Position of Siemens AG in
|_ accordance with German Commercial Code (condensed)

The increase in Financial assets was due primarily to the pur-
chase of a 14.26% stake in Atos SE from Siemens Beteiligungen
Inland GmbH amounting to €779 million and a capital increase
of €500 million relating to Siemens Bank GmbH. In addition,
loans increased €297 million and securities in non-current

ptember 30, % Change
(in millions of €) 2014 2013 assets came in €350 million higher. These increases were partly
Assets offset by the sale of our 17% stake in OSRAM Licht AG to
Non-current assets Siemens Beteiligungen Inland GmbH. The sale price amounted
Intangible and tangible assets 2,419 2,437 (1% to €715 million and the book value amounted to €395 million.
Financial assets 42,121 40,530 4%
44,540 42,967 4% The decline in Receivables and other assets was due primar-
Current assets ily to lower receivables from affiliated companies as a result of
Receivables and other assets 15,816 17,032 (7)% intra-group financing activities.
Cash and cash equivalents,
=n a= a a Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities
Prepaid expenses Aa a aa are significantly affected by the liquidity management of
Deferred tax assets 2,222 2,467 (0y% Siemens AG. The liquidity management is based on the finance
‘Active difference resulting strategy of the Siemens Group. Therefore, the change in liquid-
from offsetting 40 46 (13)% ity of Siemens AG resulted not only from business activities of
Total assets 65,400 64,868 1% Siemens AG.
Liabilities and equity The increase in Equity was attributable to net income for
Equity 18,798 18,295 3% the year of €3.786 billion and issuance of treasury stock of
€330 million in conjunction with our share-based compensa-
Special reserve with tion program. These factors were partly offset by dividends paid
an equity portion 759 767 (D% in fiscal 2014 (for fiscal 2013) of €2.533 billion (for additional
Provisions information see -> c.2.5 DIVIDEND AND SHARE BUYBACKS). In addi-
Pensions ang similar 11,103 10,432 6% tion, the equity reduction was due to share buybacks during
Other provisions 7,369 7,827 ©% the year amounting to €1.079 billion. The equity ratios at Sep-
78,472 18,260 1% tember 30, 2014 and 2013 were 29% and 28%, respectively.
Liabilities
Liabilities to banks 208 138 51% The increase in Pension and similar commitments included
Advanced payments received 677 1,349 (50)% interest and service costs amounting to €1.007 billion and the
Trade payables, liabilities effect from the adjustment of the discount rate amounting to
to affiliated companies and €277 million. These factors were partly offset by pension pay-
other liabilities 26,189 25,771 2% ments amounting to €514 million.
27,075 27,257 (1)%
Deferred income 236) 230) 2% The decrease in Other provisions was due primarily to a de-
Total liabilities and equity 65000) ea 868) ik) crease of €176 million in provisions for personnel expenses and
a decline of €98 million in provisions for operating expenses.
The increase in Trade payables, liabilities to affiliated com-
panies and other liabilities was due primarily to higher liabil-
ities to affiliated companies as a result of intra-group financing
activities.
108 | A | To our Shareholders 131 | B. | Corporate Governance 171 | c | Combined Management Report
172 | ©.) | Business and economic environment
187 | C.2 | Financial performance system
193 | C.3 | Results of operations
205 | C4 | Financial position
210 | C.5 | Net assets position


--- Page 74 ---

C.11.4 Employees

| Indicators

Year ended September 30,

2014 2013
Employee turnover rate" 4.1% 3.0%
Female employees in management positions
(percentage of all management positions)? 11.8% 11.3%
Expenses for continuing education
(in millions of €)? 98 94
Expenses per employee for continuing
education (in €)? 919 864

1. Employee turnover rate is defined as the ratio of voluntai
from Siemens AG during the fi

and involuntary exits
year to the average number of employees.

2. Employees in management positions include all managers with disciplinary
responsibility, plus project managers.

3 Without travel expenses.

As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the numbers of employees
were 106,860 and 108,234 respectively.

Employees of Siemens AG
|_as of September 30, 2014 (in thousands)

r: B (8%)

Energy: 25 (24%)

Siemens Real Estate:

Healthcare: 10 (10%) 107 [2 2%)

\

Industry: 36 (33%) 1

Infrastructure & Cities:
26 (24%)

For additional information see -> c.8.2 EMPLOYEES.

C.11.5 Subsequent events

There have been no events of particular significance since the
end of fiscal 2014.

C.11.6 Risks and opportunities

The business development of Siemens AG is fundamentally
subject to the same risks and opportunities as the Siemens
Group. Siemens AG generally participates in the risks of its sub-
sidiaries and equity investments in line with its percentage of
each holding. For additional information see -> c.9.3 risks and
> C.9.4 OPPORTUNITIES.

As the parent company of the Siemens Group, Siemens AG is
integrated into the group-wide risk management system. For
additional information see —> c.9.2 RISK MANAGEMENT.

The description of the internal control system for Siemens AG
required by Section 289 para. 5 of the German Commercial Code
is included in -> c.9.5 SIGNIFICANT CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ACCOUNT-
ING RELATED INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM.

For additional information regarding the use of financial
instruments see NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF
SIEMENS AG.

C.11.7 Outlook

Due to the interrelations between Siemens AG and its subsid-
iaries and the relative size of Siemens AG within the Group, the
outlook of the Group also largely reflects our expectations for
Siemens AG. We expect that the anticipated market and rev-
enue developments for fiscal 2015 described in statements made
by the Siemens Group will be mainly reflected in the revenue of
Siemens AG. In fiscal 2015, we continue to execute the Group's
“Vision 2020" concept. In particular, we expect that gains
from divestments will significantly influence the profit of
Siemens AG. For additional information see -> c.9.1 REPORT ON
EXPECTED DEVELOPMENTS.

We intend to continue providing an attractive return to share-
holders. Therefore in the years ahead we intend to propose a
dividend payout of 40% to 60% of net income of Siemens
Group, which for this purpose we may adjust to exclude
selected exceptional non-cash effects.

Consolidated Financial Statements

Additional Information

247
337 |

213 | C.6 | Overall assessment of the economic position 242 | c.10
214 | C7 | Subsequent events 242: | C.11
215 | C.8 | Sustainability and citizenship

225 | C.9 | Report on expected developments and

associated material opportunities and risks

Compensation Report and legal disclosures
Siemens AG (Discussion on basis
of German Commercial Code)

245


--- Page 75 ---

The Consolidated Financial Statements
are prepared in accordance with Inter-
national Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) as adopted by the European Union
(EU), the supplementary requirements
of German law pursuant to Section

315a (1) of the German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch) and full IFRS as
issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB). They give a true
and fair view of the net assets, financial
position and results of operations

of the group in accordance with these
requirements.

[] www.siEMENS.COM/AR/CONSOLIDATED-FINANCIAL-STATEMENTS.
