

--- Page 1 ---

General Information About This

Management Report

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

is combined group management report by the SAP Group
(collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” “SAP” “Group,” or “Company”) and
management report of SAP SE has been prepared in accordance
with sections 289, 315, and 315a of the German Commercial
Code and German Accounting Standards (GAS) No. 17 and 20.
ie management report is also a management commentary
complying with the International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) Practice Statement Management Commentary.

of the information in this report relates to the situation on
ecember 31, 2014, or the fiscal year ended on that date,
unless otherwise stated.

OF

The report contains references to additional information in
other parts of the SAP Integrated Report that is available
online. This additional information is not part of the
management report.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This management report contains forward-looking statements
and information based on the beliefs of, and assumptions
made by, our management using information currently
available to them. Any statements contained in this report that
are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as
defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. We have based these forward-looking statements on

our current expectations, assumptions, and projections about
future conditions and events. As a result, our forward-looking
statements and information are subject to uncertainties and
risks, many of which are beyond our control. If one or more of
these uncertainties or risks materializes, or if management's
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results
could differ materially from those described in or inferred from
our forward-looking statements and information. We describe
these risks and uncertainties in the Risk Management and
Risks section.

he words “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,”

could,” “counting on," “is confident,” “development,” “estimate,

expect,” “forecast,” “future trends,” “guidance,” “intend,”

“may, “might,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,”
“strategy,” “want,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions as
they relate to us are intended to identify such forward-looking

statements. Such statements include, for example, those

56

made in the Operating Results section, our quantitative and
qualitative disclosures about market risk pursuant to the
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), namely
IFRS 7 and related statements in our Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, the Expected Developments and
Opportunities section, the Risk Management and Risks section,
and other forward-looking information appearing in other
parts of this report. To fully consider the factors that could
affect our future financial results, both this report and our
Annual Report on Form 20-F should be considered, as well as
all of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date specified or the date of this report. We
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements as a result of new information that
we receive about conditions that existed upon issuance of this
report, future events, or otherwise unless we are required

to do so by law.

This report includes statistical data about the IT industry and
global economic trends that comes from information published
by sources including International Data Corporation (IDC), a
provider of market information and advisory services for the
information technology, telecommunications, and consumer
technology markets; the European Central Bank (ECB); and
the International Monetary Fund (IMF). This type of data
represents only the estimates of IDC, ECB, IMF, and other
sources of industry data. SAP does not adopt or endorse any of
the statistical information provided by sources such as IDC,
ECB, IMF, or other similar sources that is contained in this
report. In addition, although we believe that data from these
sources is generally reliable, this type of data is imprecise.

We caution readers not to place undue reliance on this data.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 2 ---

Overview of the SAP Group

Founded in 1972, SAP today is the world’s leader in application
and analytics software for enterprises in terms of market
share and the market leader in mobile enterprise management.
Further, SAP is the enterprise cloud company with the greatest
number of users and the fastest-growing major database
company. Our continued growth over more than four decades
is attributable to relentless innovation, a diverse portfolio, and
our ability to anticipate ever-changing customer requirements.
With more than 282,000 customers in over 180 countries,

the SAP Group includes subsidiaries in all major countries and
employs more than 74,400 people.

Our company's culture puts our customers’ success at the
center of everything we do. With Run Simple as our operating
principle, we focus on helping our customers master
complexity and run their businesses better, which is the most
intractable challenge facing business today.

SAP is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany; our legal corporate
name is SAP SE. The corporation is listed on the Frankfurt
Stock Exchange as well as several regional stock exchanges in
Germany and the New York Stock Exchange in the United
States. At the end of 2014, our market capitalization was
€716 billion. SAP is a member of Germany's DAX, the Dow Jones
EURO STOXX 50, and the Dow Jones Sustainability index.

Overview of the SAP Group

We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers for
the use of our cloud solutions and for licensing of on-premise
software products and solutions. Additional sources of revenue
are support, professional services, development, training, and
other services.

As of December 31, 2014, SAP SE controlled directly or
indirectly a worldwide network of 287 subsidiaries in more
than 180 countries to distribute our products, solutions,

and services. Distributorship agreements are in place with
independent resellers in many countries. For more information,
see the Strategy and Business Model section.

Our subsidiaries perform tasks such as sales and marketing,
consulting, research and development, cloud delivery,
customer support, training, or administration. For a complete
list of subsidiaries, associates, and other equity investments,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (35).

57


--- Page 3 ---

Strategy and Business Model

OUR VISION AND MISSION

Our vision is to help the world run better and improve people's
lives. Our mission is to help our customers run at their best. To
fulfill our mission, we apply our Run Simple operating principle
to help customers run their businesses simpler and master
complexity, which is the most intractable challenge businesses
face today. We do this by delivering technology innovations
that we believe address the challenges of today and tomorrow
without disrupting our customers’ business operations.

For more than 40 years, we have managed highly advanced,
mission-critical business processes that enable entire
industries. We continue to deliver sophisticated solutions for
25 industries and 12 lines of business in a simple manner.

t is our challenge to do the most sophisticated things for our
customers, yet in simple ways.

OUR GOALS FOR SUSTAINED BUSINESS SUCCESS

We have strong ambitions for sustainable business success,
oth for our company and for our customers. We believe the
most important indicators to measure this success comprise
oth financial and non-financial indicators: growth, profitability,
customer loyalty, and employee engagement.

Growth: SAP uses various revenue metrics to measure growth.
We expect full-year 2015 non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and
support revenue to be in a range of €1.95 billion to €2.05 billion
at constant currencies (2014: €1.10 billion). Further, we expect
full-year 2015 non-IFRS cloud and software revenue to increase
by 8% to 10% at constant currencies (2014: €14.33 billion).
Looking beyond 2015, we have updated our 2017 ambition. By
2017, SAP's rapidly growing cloud subscriptions and support
revenue is expected to be close to software license revenue
and is expected to exceed software license revenue in 2018. In
2017, we expect non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support
revenue to reach a range of €3.5 billion to €3.6 billion in 2017.
Non-IFRS total revenue is expected to reach €21 billion to

€22 billion in 2017. Further, we have also introduced high-level
2020 ambitions with 2020 non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and
support revenue expected to reach €7.5 billion to €8.0 billion
and total revenue is expected to be in a range of €26 billion to
€28 billion.

58

Profitability: SAP expects full-year 2015 non-IFRS operating
profit to be in a range of €5.6 billion to €5.9 billion at constant
currencies (2014: €5.64 billion). We expect non-IFRS operating
profit in a range of €6.3 billion to €7.0 billion in 2017 and ina
range of €8 billion to €9 billion in 2020.

Customer loyalty: SAP has used Customer Net Promoter Score
(NPS) as a key performance indicator to measure customer
loyalty since 2012. As we gather experience with the metric and
as our business evolves, we expanded our customer base when
conducting the 2014 assessment to better reflect our business
completely. In addition to our on-premise customers, in
2014, for the first time we included Ariba, SuccessFactors, and
Sybase customers in the survey. Therefore, the 2014 Customer
NPS score is not fully comparable to the prior year’s score.

In 2014, we achieved a global Customer NPS of 19.1% (2013:
12.1%). This very positive score exceeded our 2014 target of
16%. We aim to achieve a Customer NPS score of 24% in 2015.

Employee engagement: We use the employee engagement
index to measure motivation and loyalty of our employees, how
proud they are of our company, and how strongly they identify
with SAP. We saw a solid increase in our score in 2014 (2014:
79%) compared to 2013 (2013: 77%) and remain committed to
achieving a score of 82% in 2015.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 4 ---

These four goals affirm our commitment to innovation and
sustainability, and help us deliver on our vision and mission.

In addition to primary key performance indicators (KPIs),
which directly measure our performance on our four goals, we
manage a number of secondary performance indicators, which
influence the primary KPIs in a variety of ways. Our integrated

report seeks to clarify some of those relationships, for example,

the link between our energy consumption and our profitability.

Our main goals are presented with more detail throughout the
report.

For more information on our strategic goals, see the Performance
Management System; Expected Developments and Opportunities;
Customers; and Employees and Social Performance sections.

OUR STRATEGY: THE CLOUD COMPANY

POWERED BY SAP HANA

As described above, complexity has become a significant
challenge to business. With our history and focus on software
innovation, we believe SAP is uniquely positioned to tackle the
challenge of complexity for our customers by enabling them

to Run Simple. We are realizing the potential of Run Simple
through our strategy to become “THE cloud company powered
by SAP HANA.” Together, SAP HANA and SAP Cloud powered
by SAP HANA equal Run Simple.

SAP HANA simplifies IT landscapes, technology, and business
models. By moving most of our applications and analytics to
the SAP HANA platform, we are simplifying the solutions we
can offer our customers. We further simplify how customers
consume our solutions by bringing them onto our cloud — SAP
Cloud powered by SAP HANA. The cloud can offer a better
user experience while radically simplifying business processes.

Strategy and Business Model

We will focus on three key initiatives to deliver on our
commitment to Run Simple:

Simplify consumption: We continue to streamline and simplify
consumption of our portfolio of products. Our focus will remain
on solutions specific to 25 industries and 12 lines of business.
We will support our customers with a mix of public cloud,
managed cloud, and on-premise capabilities through a world-
class platform based on SAP HANA.

Simplify business processes: At the foundation of our
innovation and strategy is SAP HANA. With SAP HANA as the
common platform, we help our customers dramatically
accelerate the speed of their business by radically simplifying
their IT stack and enabling smarter and faster business
processes.

Simplify user experience: With SAP Fiori we provide a holistic
and consistent consumer grade user experience based on
modern design principles and across lines of business, tasks,
and devices.

We see enormous potential to increase our share of our
customers’ overall IT spend. Through simplification, customers
can dramatically reduce their expenditures on hardware

and services, shift the savings to innovation, transform their
businesses, and create positive societal impact.

We aim to better innovate and grow by:

— Building simple, yet sophisticated applications by lines of
business and industries that deliver superior customer
experience, coverage of end-to-end processes, and insights

— Continuing to invest in SAP HANA as an industry-leading
platform for innovation and promoting SAP HANA Cloud
Platform as a world-class platform as a service (PaaS)

— Continuing to be the world’s leading business network,
connecting businesses, devices, and people to drive
unparalleled collaboration and productivity

59


--- Page 5 ---

For example, by enhancing their efficiency, we help customers
cope with resource scarcity and reduce their energy usage
and emissions. By partnering with our banking customers, we
help them bring banking services to the “unbanked,” thereby
creating opportunity for people seeking to enter the modern
economy. Through software focused on healthcare, education,
and public services, we help create a positive social impact

by enhancing people's quality of life. In all of these ways, our
solutions are advancing our vision to help the world run

better and improve people's lives.

OUR BUSINESS MODEL
Our vision and mission also unlock our ability to create positive
economic, environmental, and social impact. As we help

our customers tackle complexity and run at their best, they
contribute to the world's economies, create jobs, and unleash
the potential of their employees. As we help them become
more efficient, they can mitigate their environmental footprint.
And as we help them run their businesses simpler, they free

up space for innovation, creating opportunities for people and
communities.

To realize our vision, SAP provides business solutions to
customers throughout the world based on our deep expertise
in business processes across industries. Through our
customers — which represent 98% of the top 100 most valued
brands in the world, according to the annual ranking from
Interbrand — we can increase our ability to create value.

60

Playing this role for our customers requires us to deploy
several key types of capital. First, we rely on financial capital
provided by our investors. But what truly enables our success
is the intellectual and social capital of our employees. They
are the gateway to our knowledge, expertise, and business
relationships. For this reason, engaged, highly skilled, and agile
employees are central to our business model and success.

Our direct sales organizations drive most business development.
Sales go-to-market strategies are established at the global
level, and then adapted and executed by regional subsidiaries.
Our customer-facing employees, in close collaboration with
sales support and marketing, drive demand, build pipeline, and
enhance relationships with customers within our target
industries. Our marketing efforts cover large enterprises as well
as small and midsize enterprises. We believe our broad
portfolio of solutions and services enables us to meet the needs
of customers of all sizes and across industries. We will

amplify our efforts in the digital channel through additional
e-commerce and digitally native offerings that further enable

a low-touch or no-touch customer journey.

Our extensive ecosystem provides scalability to meet the
demand for SAP innovation and provide customers with a wide
selection of third-party competencies. We have developed

an independent sales and support force through independent
value-added resellers. We have also established partnerships
with hardware and software suppliers, systems integrators, and
third-party consultants. For more information, see the Partner
Ecosystem section.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 6 ---

Historically, our sales model was focused on charging a one-
time, upfront fee for a perpetual license to our software that
was typically installed at the customer site. In addition, the
customer usually concluded a maintenance contract that
covered support and software updates. As we have seen
customer preferences evolve, we are increasingly delivering our
solutions in the cloud, which we believe is a simple and efficient
software consumption model. Our cloud solutions are offered
through a subscription-based software-as-a-service (SaaS)
model. Depending on the solutions offered, the customer pays
either usage-based or periodic fees to use our software. This
software is installed at an SAP or an SAP partner location, and
the customer accesses the software over the Internet.

To help companies invest in SAP solutions and the associated
services and hardware, the SAP Financing service offers
customers payment plans optimized for maximum economic
benefit. It can help preserve liquidity, provide an alternative
to credit from customers’ existing banking relationships, and
balance their budgetary priorities — while giving them the
flexibility to choose the best possible solution.

By executing on our strategy, SAP contributes to the creation
of holistic, long-term value for society in a number of ways.
SAP's greatest strength in making environmental impact comes
through the solutions we deliver. For example, our software
enables our customers to have more efficient and sustainable
supply chains or provide greater transparency of energy
consumption and emissions.

Strategy and Business Model

We also apply our expertise in business processes across
industries to direct our innovations to the world's greatest
challenges, such as the social and environmental strains posed
by a rapidly expanding global middle class. Our goal is to create
long-term value by providing solutions that not only address
the current challenges faced by our customers, but also those
of the future. In this way, we see our role moving beyond the
creation of new and efficient solutions: We want to fundamentally
help change how people use software, conduct business, and
live their lives. This objective underscores how SAP can create
its greatest impact through the use of our solutions by more
than 282,000 customers worldwide.

At SAP and within our ecosystem, we support job creation and
economic prosperity through demand for highly qualified
workers to develop, sell, implement, and enhance our software
for our customers. Our solutions also enable customers to
provide greater learning and talent development opportunities
for their employees. In addition, SAP solutions, such as those
for manufacturing, are designed not only to ensure health and
safety during the production process, but also to increase

the quality of the resulting consumer products, which impact
millions of people throughout the world.

61


--- Page 7 ---

Products, Research & Development,

and Services

STEERING OUR CUSTOMERS THROUGH
UNPRECEDENTED CHANGE

The world is operating in a time of accelerated change that has
created new complexity, challenges, and opportunities for
both our customers and SAP. Digitalization represents more
than a trend but a paradigm shift, one that is shaping whole
industries, business models, and sources of competitive
advantage.

Software is at the heart of this transformation — for many
organizations, it is the new differentiator. We recognize that
enterprise software today must do far more than run business
processes. It is an enabler for navigating complexity and
unlocking innovation. Throughout our history, we have helped
our customers manage other major paradigm shifts impacting
their business, from the massive expansion of the Internet

to globalization. Today, we are supporting their transition to a
cloud-based world, as increasingly complex business problems
demand simple solutions.

We help customers Run Simple by innovating with the SAP
HANA platform as our foundation. This strategy combines ease
of use and flexibility with sizeable computing power. Through
the capabilities of SAP HANA, we can now enable a real-time
enterprise; we can leverage Big Data to achieve deeper insight;
and we can empower users through the ease of mobile apps,
so that people can access what they need securely and flexibly.

hese developments — similar to packaged software in the
980s and client/server architecture in the 1990s — signal a
new wave of innovation at SAP. Wherever they are on their
journey, we are helping our customers reinvent how they do
usiness while making the transition seamless and providing

a holistic and consistent user experience. As we aim to become
“THE cloud company powered by SAP HANA,’ we are going far
eyond incremental change to achieve radical simplification

— enabling our customers to stay ahead of trends, make better
decisions faster, and propel innovation.

62

SAP HANA
Nothing signifies the changes we are making at SAP — and for
our customers — more than SAP HANA. The platform holds the
power to simplify both the user experience and the overall IT
landscape, creating a smaller data footprint, increased system
throughput, and easier data processing and operation. For

this reason, we have evolved SAP HANA from a database to a
full business platform that will act as the basis for our
products going forward.

he SAP HANA platform combines database, data processing,
and application platform capabilities in-memory. By providing
advanced capabilities — such as predictive text analytics,
spatial processing, and data virtualization — on the same
architecture, it further simplifies application development and
rocessing across Big Data sources and structures.

To take our capabilities to the next level, we built the open SAP
HANA Cloud Platform, which is the embodiment of our

SAP Cloud powered by SAP HANA strategy. The cloud platform
enables ease and flexibility in building, extending, and
integrating business applications — available to all SAP partners,
customers, and third-party developers.

Realizing that one size does not fit all, we are providing a bridge
for our customers in the transition to the cloud. We also offer
to manage mission-critical software such as SAP Business Suite
and SAP Business Warehouse as well as custom SAP HANA
applications in our cloud data centers.

Our overarching goal is to create the broadest integration
offering in the industry where customers can connect SAP and
third-party software across heterogeneous environments

by leveraging application lifecycle management to reduce IT
complexity. Our customers can enhance the power of an

Combined Management Report


--- Page 8 ---

integrated landscape with a refreshing user experience across
multiple devices and interfaces. At the same time, all core
applications can be built and run in the cloud or on premise,
giving developers a powerful tool to build applications with
flexibility and efficiency.

APPLICATIONS

As the market leader in enterprise application software, we
offer end-to-end solutions specific to 25 industries grouped in
six industry sectors and 12 lines of business, localized by
country and for companies of any size.

Industries

Industry Sector Industry Portfolio

SAP for Consumer Products
SAP for Life Sciences

SAP for Retail

SAP for Wholesale Distribution

Consumer

Discrete manufacturing SAP for Aerospace & Defense
SAP for Automotive
SAP for High Tech

SAP for Industrial Machinery & Components

SAP for Chemicals
SAP for Mill Products
SAP for Mining

SAP for Oil & Gas
SAP for Utilities

Energy and natural
resources

Financial services SAP for Banking

SAP for Insurance

Public services SAP for Defense & Security
SAP for Healthcare
SAP for Higher Education & Research

SAP for Public Sector

Services SAP for Engineering, Construction & Operations
SAP for Media

SAP for Professional Services

SAP for Sports & Entertainment

SAP for Telecommunications

SAP for Travel & Transportation

Products, Research & Development, and Services

Lines of Business

— Asset Management
— Commerce

— Finance

— Human Resources
— Manufacturing

— Marketing

— R&D/Engineering
- Sales

— Service

— Sourcing and Procurement
— Supply Chain

— Sustainability

Today, we are delivering solutions that simplify how applications
are built, consumed, and deployed. Our SAP Business Suite
powered by SAP HANA software optimizes business-critical
processes for companies from large enterprises to small
businesses. Building on SAP HANA, we are providing an
innovative suite of business applications unifying analytics and
transactions into a single in-memory platform, thereby
helping customers to dramatically simplify their IT landscape.

At the same time, we are building functional innovations that
serve each line of business and industry to address the specific
and evolving needs of our customers, for example:

Human capital management: On-premise solutions

from SAP, as well as cloud solutions for human resources from
SuccessFactors, an SAP company, help HR organizations
transform business strategies into measurable business
outcomes by simplifying HR processes and helping increase
employee engagement. We combine global and industry
expertise with a unique combination of key HR enablers:
amodern user experience, talent and core HR applications,
embedded content, and analytics.

63


--- Page 9 ---

Customer engagement and commerce: Solutions from SAP
and software from hybris, an SAP company, serving the
commerce, marketing, sales, and service lines of business, enable
business-to-business (B2B) and business-to-consumer
(B2C) companies everywhere to provide real-time, consistent,
contextual, and relevant experiences to their customers
regardless of channel or device. SAP solutions for customer
engagement and commerce are a direct response to the

fact that the traditional focus of customer relationship
management (mostly sales force automation) is no longer
enough to satisfy the demands of a customer-driven market.

Finance: In 2014, we launched the SAP Simple Finance solution
to address the critical need for flexibility in the most complex
finance processes and IT landscapes. Created through close
collaboration with our customers, SAP Simple Finance is a
comprehensive solution of finance applications that decreases
runtime for financial analysis, delivers instant insight, and is
easy to use and consume. Continuing to leverage SAP HANA as
a driver of simplicity, we launched SAP S/4HANA (SAP
Business Suite 4 SAP HANA) in early 2015, a next-generation
and innovative business suite that will redefine business
processes and drive business value for our customers.

FREEDOM, FLEXIBILITY, AND ELEGANT DESIGN
As our customers adapt to shifting business conditions, we
also provide them with the freedom and flexibility of our mobile
solutions. These solutions enable companies to better
serve customers and provide employees with secure access to
important tools and data anywhere, anytime — using their
mobile devices. Mobile solutions from SAP allow our customers to:
— Innovate rapidly to deliver user-centric capabilities for
employees, consumers, and partners
— Lower their total cost of ownership by streamlining
operations and processes
— Protect themselves against security risks and challenges
at the device, app, and content levels

64

Regardless of how our customers consume our software, we
are building applications using the SAP Fiori user experience
(UX), which delivers a personalized, responsive, and simple UX.
Applying modern and consistent design principles, SAP Fiori

is the new face of SAP software. We also offer a portfolio of UX
services, including design, rapid deployment, and custom
development, to enhance customer engagement.

BUSINESS NETWORK

The cloud has profoundly changed the way people interact,
and this impact will only grow as enterprises connect and
collaborate in new ways with their global networks of
customers and partners. We believe these new networks are
transforming how companies do business, and we are
helping to lead this wave of innovation.

With our sourcing, procurement, and travel and expense
management solutions from SAP; Ariba, an SAP company;
Fieldglass; and Concur Technologies, we now run the world’s
largest business network, connecting more than 1.7 million
companies. SAP internal analysis shows that businesses
conduct more than US$700 billion in commerce on the network
annually, and it holds the potential to alter the B2B landscape.
Procurement leaders can achieve cost savings, integrate
sourcing and procurement operations, improve supplier
collaboration, and realize purchasing compliance. Combining our
innovations and core applications, the network is helping
companies interact outside of silos and gain far greater
visibility into different parts of their operations.

By digitizing business transactions and facilitating the sharing
of information across global value chains, we are providing
customers with a greater ability to connect with others and
take action. As a result, we are facilitating far more than simple
transactions but helping companies tap into information

and insights, incorporate them into their business processes,
and make better real-time decisions. Customers can easily
identify and connect with high-quality suppliers, collaboratively
enhance supplier performance, transact seamlessly with
intelligent rules, and drive additional savings through dynamic
discounting.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 10 ---

Our vision for the network extends to managing all of a company’s
business expenditures. Therefore, we have moved from a
procurement network to a business network to a network of
networks that includes all types of parties: suppliers, B2B
partners, logistics providers, financial service providers, and
individuals, as well as travel agents.

ANALYTICS

SAP HANA has increased the efficiency with which our
customers can use analytics to drive business decisions. SAP
HANA is able to bridge the historical divide between
transactions and analytics that had hindered real-time decision
making. Now transactions and analytics can be combined

into a single in-memory platform, allowing customers to access
a “single source of truth” for real-time planning, execution,
reporting, and analysis on very large volumes of data.

With the amount of data growing exponentially, our software is
helping customers have access to immediate, actionable
intelligence, thereby simplifying their business processes. They
can retrieve available data in real time. Our analytics offerings
deliver outstanding business value by providing insights to
better manage every aspect of the enterprise — from integrated
planning and metrics monitoring to risk and compliance.

Namely, analytics solutions from SAP comprise:

— Enterprise business intelligence: Engaging companies more
fully with information, with solutions that enable users to
add new information and see updates in real time

- Agile visualization: Bringing data to life in real time through
intuitive visualizations

— Advanced analytics: Combining the power of predictive
processing with intuitive modeling and advanced data
visualization

Products, Research & Development, and Services

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

From the earliest days of SAP, we have worked diligently to
stay ahead of trends and develop new solutions to meet the
challenges faced by our customers and those they serve. Our
research and development (R&D) is a global effort that centers
on bringing together the creative ideas and talents of our
customers as well as valued partners from industry, technology,
the public sector, and academia. Our focus on co-innovation
ensures that we keep up with groundbreaking research and
ultimately turn it into solutions that create a real-world impact.

In 2014, we made organizational changes to enhance collaboration
between our R&D teams, thereby speeding up innovation.
Rather than operating independently, research and development
is now embedded in our development organization, so that

the exploration and execution of ideas are happening side by
side, with each informing the other.

Our product development organization is truly global, with the
majority of our R&D teams located in 14 SAP Labs locations

in 12 countries. Research teams are also based throughout the
world and span a network across multiple locations.

We follow a dual and complementary research and innovation
approach. First, topic-focused research teams within existing
development units drive innovation projects. These teams
focus on improving existing products as well as delivering
short-term innovation with a time horizon of up to two years.

65


--- Page 11 ---

Second, we established a dedicated central unit that pursues
both short-term and long-term strategic innovation. This

unit supports projects with a time horizon of two to five years
by providing a protected environment for business ideas and
focusing on a limited number of new solutions. It also develops
the future generation of high-growth opportunities in areas
such as the Internet of Things or personalized medicine. With a
time horizon of five to eight years, these projects focus on
technologies, applications and new business models that do
not fit the product portfolio but hold the potential to open

up new opportunities, markets, and user groups for SAP.

SAP Innovation Center locations, based in Potsdam and Walldorf,
are part of this organization. They combine the creativity and
agility of a startup culture with the backbone of a world market
leader in enterprise applications. As the future end users of

our innovations, our customers and partners are involved during
the entire runtime of projects and come from industries and
companies of all sizes, from longstanding SAP customers to
early stage startups with no current SAP footprint. With a focus
on the SAP HANA platform and our cloud and mobile solutions,
these innovation centers strive to open up new application
areas for SAP software, ranging from personalized cancer
therapy to smart services that leverage the connectivity of
things with the Internet.

Regardless of the setting, SAP embeds methods such as
design thinking into all projects and researches innovative
approaches to generate and evaluate applications,
technologies, and business ideas.

R&D Investment

SAP's strong commitment to R&D is reflected in our expenditures:
In 2014, we increased our R&D expense (IFRS) slightly by

€49 million, to €2,331 million (2013: €2,282 million). We spent
13.3% of total revenue on R&D in 2014 (2013: 13.6%). Our
non-IFRS R&D expense as a portion of total operating expenses
declined slightly from 18.9% to 18.5% year-over-year.

66

At the end of 2014, our total full-time equivalent (FTE) count in
development work was 18,908 (2013: 17,804). Measured in
FTEs, our R&D headcount was 25% of total headcount (2013:
27%). Total R&D expense not only includes our own personnel
costs but also the external cost of works and services from the
providers and cooperation partners we work with to deliver
and enhance our products. We also incur external costs for
translating, localizing, and testing products, for obtaining
certification for them in different markets, patent attorney
services and fees, strategy consulting, and the professional
development of our R&D workforce.

Research and Development (IFRS)

€ millions | change since previous year

1,729 1,935 2,261 2,282 2,331

+9% +12% +17% +1% +2%

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Patents

As a market leader in enterprise applications, SAP actively
seeks intellectual property protection for innovations and
proprietary information. Our software innovations continue to
strengthen our market position in enterprise solutions and
services. Our investment in R&D has resulted in numerous patents.
SAP holds a total of more than 6,800 validated patents
worldwide. Of these, 916 were granted and validated in 2014.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 12 ---

While our intellectual property is important to our success,
we believe our business as a whole is not dependent on any
particular patent.

SERVICE AND SUPPORT

Many of our customers are experiencing profound shifts in how
they use technology and run their businesses. Our service and
support professionals focus on helping them navigate these
changes with greater speed, efficiency, and impact. A prime
example is our recognition that customers have different needs
and goals to innovate and make use of the cloud, while
reserving their investment to date. Regardless of their path,
we have a broad offering to chart their course. Our teams
regularly partner with customers to create a road map,
removing obstacles and building a business case for migration.

n 2014, we began a significant transformation of our
rofessional consulting service and support teams, bringing
them together into one organization called Global Service &
Support. Our goal with the SAP ONE Support program is to
rovide customers with an integrated support experience
regardless of whether their landscape is on premise, in the
cloud, or a hybrid of the two. Customers also benefit from

a simplified experience with SAP with the next generation of
remium support engagements.

n addition, SAP ONE Support is designed to enhance SAP
Enterprise Support services to simplify the customer
experience. This includes a multitude of aspects, such as
removing underlying complexity typically associated in
managing end-to-end support across hybrid landscapes,
elping customers choose how to migrate to the cloud, and
driving innovation while building on existing on-premise
investments. We simplify customer interactions with us
through a single touch point for all services across the entire
solution landscape, creating a unified experience across
multiple channels as well as expanding opportunities for
co-innovation.

Products, Research & Development, and Services

Our new SAP ONE Service approach goes far beyond the
traditional consulting model. We combine strong engineering
skills with experienced program management and the domain
capabilities of consulting. In a cloud-based environment, this
framework is critical to support our customers in building

and running end-to-end solutions for the future, mapping their
technology strategy to their business strategy, and prioritizing
the steps to migrate to SAP HANA and the cloud.

An important element of our organization is education. Each
year, more than 500,000 individuals are trained by SAP
Education, making it one of the largest IT training organizations
in the world. In 2014, we updated SAP Learning Hub, providing
customers with an even easier-to-use, cloud-based platform
that allows for flexible, individualized training. Winner of the
prestigious Technology Services Industry Association (TSIA)
Star Award in the fall of 2014, this platform solution further
simplifies the user experience of SAP software.

SAP has been a frontrunner in the adoption of Massive Open
Online Courses (MOOCs) for use in an enterprise context.
openSAP is SAP's enterprise MOOC provider delivering 18
courses through the end of 2014 free of charge on topics

such as SAP HANA, cloud, user experience, sustainability, and
business innovation. openSAP has reached over 500,000
course enrollments with more than 170,000 individual learners.

In addition, the SAP University Alliances program brings SAP to
over 2,000 universities in more than 80 countries, and aims to
develop highly-qualified graduates with critical skills for the
21st-century workforce. In partnership with SAP’s six University
Competence Centers around the world, universities

gain access to an ever-expanding range of SAP software and
curriculums, enabling faculty to help students better
connect business and IT concepts to practice.

67


--- Page 13 ---

Acquisitions

SAP views acquisitions as strategic investments in people,
technologies, and growth. In 2014, SAP focused on acquisitions
that would enhance its position as a cloud and business
network company and advance its mission of helping customers
Run Simple.

NEW ACQUISITIONS
— In May, SAP acquired Fieldglass, a leading provider of cloud
solutions for procuring and managing contingent labor

and third-party services. Combined with the collaborative,
network-based procurement capabilities of Ariba and the
iuman resources expertise of SuccessFactors, the Fieldglass
acquisition uniquely positions SAP to deliver a platform

for businesses to manage their entire workforce — both
temporary and permanent staff.

— In June, SAP acquired SeeWhy, a leading provider of cloud-
sed behavioral target marketing solutions to help
usinesses increase customer engagement and drive
revenues.

— In December, SAP acquired Concur Technologies. With more
than 23,000 customers and 25 million active users in over
50 countries, Concur is the leader in the multibillion dollar
travel and expense management field. With the addition

of Concur’s corporate travel ecosystem to the Ariba and
Fieldglass networks, our business network — the world's
jargest — already transacts more than US$700 billion in
annual transaction volumes today, according to internal
analyses. In addition, this acquisition provides an opportunity
for us to power transactions that drive more than US$10
trillion of global spend annually.

Organic growth remains the primary driver of our strategy. We
will continue to invest in our own product development

and technology innovation, improving the speed, number of
projects, and innovations brought to market. We will also
continue to acquire targeted, strategic, and “fill-in” technology
and software to add to our broad solution offerings and
improve coverage in key strategic markets. By doing so, we will
strive to best support our customers’ needs for simplified
operations.

68

For more information about our acquisitions, see the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (4).

VENTURE ACTIVITIES

Through Sapphire Ventures (formerly called SAP Ventures),
which comprises our consolidated venture investment funds,
SAP supports investments in renowned entrepreneurs
worldwide to build industry-leading businesses. Sapphire Ventures
has invested in more than 125 companies on five continents
for more than 18 years. Some of these companies have been
acquired or have become publicly listed companies.

Sapphire Ventures invests in the next generation of global
category leaders as well as early-stage venture capital funds in
enterprise and consumer technology. Specifically, Sapphire
Ventures pursues opportunities in which it can help fuel growth
by adding expertise, relationships, geographic reach, and
capital. It invests globally with a particular focus on emerging
companies in Europe, Israel, and the United States, as well as in
Brazil, China, and India.

SAP's total commitment to Sapphire Ventures is US$1.4 billion
for use over the lifetime of its respective funds. Investments
through the funds are currently ongoing.

For more information about our consolidated investment

funds, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (35).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 14 ---

Partner Ecosystem

HELPING PARTNERS RUN SIMPLE

We engage with an extensive partner ecosystem to help
customers around the world overcome complexity, create
value, innovate, and thrive. Our partners help expand our reach
to thousands more companies and millions more users.

With more than 12,800 partners at the end of 2014, our partner
ecosystem remains an important element in our success

and we continue to create innovative ways for partners of all
kinds to collaborate with us for mutual success.

Partners operate independently of SAP, yet complement our

business in one or more of the following ways:

— Reselling SAP software and cloud services: Our partners
help companies of all sizes identify, purchase, and deploy the
ideal solutions for their businesses. Our value-added resellers
(VARs) and multitier distribution channels offer local market
and industry expertise that simplifies the customer's journey
to the right solution. We closely align our sales efforts
with those of our partners through well-defined rules of
engagement that outline each organization's roles and
responsibilities. In most markets, partners are the primary
sales channel to address the needs of small and midsize
enterprises (SMEs). Our company also sells selected
products through our own online channel, SAP Store, which
includes complementary solutions developed by our
partners. In addition, we resell applicable partner solutions as
part of our solution extensions portfolio. These partner-
developed solutions are tested, validated, and approved by
our development organizations, and supported by SAP.

Partner Ecosystem

— Developing solutions that complement SAP software: SAP
has a vibrant community of partners that develop software

on SAP platforms and create complementary products that
integrate with our applications. This community is vital in
providing our customers with a broad portfolio of industry-
specific solutions that allow customers to meet the demands
of their markets. At the same time, we maintain strategic
relationships with industry-leading technology, software, and
services firms. For example, we engage with the partner
community in the development of new and simpler products.
Our SAP PartnerEdge program for Application Development,
with more than 850 active members, enables partners to
build complementary solutions on top of our technology
platforms — and quickly monetize those solutions. Partners
can also embed SAP technology within their offerings

under an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) licensing
agreement. We work actively with partners to enable new

and innovative delivery and go-to-market approaches to
support customer needs and preferences. Aside from these
formal partnerships, companies within our ecosystem can
also certify their integration with SAP technology through the
SAP Integration and Certification Center.

Providing implementation and other services: SAP has
strong partnerships with a broad network of IT professional
services firms that provide consulting, system integration,
hosting, education, and more. These companies are critical
to helping our mutual customers simplify the implementation
and deployment of SAP solutions. In response to growing
customer demand for flexible deployment and purchase options,
we work closely with the partner ecosystem to offer
innovative cloud-based offerings and services to support
different business models.

69


--- Page 15 ---

To help our partner ecosystem Run Simple and achieve its
usiness goals, we provide an extensive array of business
support offerings. For example, our flagship partner program,
SAP PartnerEdge, offers a tiered engagement model that
rovides marketing, sales, and technical enablement, as well as
education, deal support, and other resources. In addition, we
rovide selected global partners with dedicated teams that
work closely with them to proactively engage in specialized
usiness development and technical initiatives. Many of our
artners participate in SAP Community Network, an online
community that facilitates networking and information sharing.
n addition, many also participate in the SAP Listens program,
which surveys partners for feedback and addresses partner
issues.

Our partner ecosystem is rapidly embracing our cloud, mobile,
and in-memory computing offerings, including SAP HANA, with
more than 3,200 partners or startups already building on our
platform. This ecosystem remains a key component in our efforts
to simplify our customers’ technology landscapes and improve
the lives of people everywhere.

70

Combined Management Report


--- Page 16 ---

Customers

When our customers reduce complexity and Run Simple, they
can create more sustainable business models — which, in

turn, helps us ensure our own long-term viability. That is why
we strive to provide more than just software. We continually
engage with our customers at every stage — not only during the
sales and implementation phases, but also through the
ongoing sharing of best practices and innovations.

One example of this strategy is our Customer Engagement
Initiative. This program offers customers early insight into
certain aspects of potential future products and product
enhancements so they can provide early input and feedback in
the development cycle. In addition, it offers customers the
opportunity to network on topics of mutual interest. These
networking opportunities take place at a variety of global
events, including the SAPPHIRE NOW and SAP TechEd
conferences, as well as virtual events.

CUSTOMER LOYALTY

We gauge customer loyalty through an annual survey that
measures our Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS). Customer
loyalty is one of our four enterprise-wide strategic goals,

along with growth, profitability, and employee engagement.

SAP has used Customer NPS as a key performance indicator
since 2012. As we gather experience with the metric and as our
business evolves, we expanded our customer base when
conducting the 2014 assessment to better reflect our business
completely. In addition to our on-premise customers, in

2014 for the first time we included Ariba, SuccessFactors, and
Sybase customers in the survey. Therefore, the 2014 Customer
NPS score is not fully comparable to the prior year’s score.

In 2014, we achieved a global Customer NPS of 19.1%. This very

positive score exceeded our 2014 target of 16%. We aim to
achieve a Customer NPS score of 24% in 2015.

Customers

Our increased NPS reflects our continued commitment to
listening to our customers and responding to their needs. Our
goal is to best support both their success and the success

of SAP. For example, we conducted global in-person and online
focus groups with customers to gain additional insights into
“business benefits” themes identified through the surveys.
These sessions have enabled us to identify the underlying
reasons behind issues and focus more precisely on where we
need to make improvements.

For more information on the Customer NPS, see the Performance
Management System and the Notes to Social Performance
Reporting sections of the SAP Integrated Report 2014 online.

STRONG CUSTOMER DEMAND

In 2014, we saw customers embrace our strategy by licensing
or subscribing to the full range of the SAP portfolio — from
comprehensive solutions for large enterprises to the latest
mobile apps.

Some examples by region include the following customers:

AMERICAS REGION

— Antofagasta Minerals, a Chilean-based copper mining
group, selected SAP solutions — including SAP HANA and
SuccessFactors HR solutions — to manage its operations
on a single platform and help support innovation through
Big Data analytics as well as cloud and mobile solutions.

— Bombardier Recreational Products, a Canadian-based
global leader in motorized recreational vehicles and
powersports engines, selected SAP solutions, including
SuccessFactors Employee Central, to optimize its
HR solutions and delivery.

— The National Hockey League (NHL), composed of 30
member clubs in the United States and Canada, plans to use
the power of SAP HANA to create new statistics that increase
fan engagement. This content is expected to be served to
fans through a variety of online, television, and mobile media
channels.

71


--- Page 17 ---

— Banco Central de Costa Rica selected SAP ERP,
SuccessFactors, and other software to obtain an integrated
business platform for all administrative, financial, and
accounting functions. The Central Bank of Costa Rica plans
to create a centralized and integrated business information
warehouse for efficient reporting and decision making.

— Ralph Lauren, one of the world’s most successful fashion
brands, has chosen solutions from hybris and Ariba,
both SAP companies, to pursue its growth objectives.
Ralph Lauren will use hybris solutions to improve the
consumer shopping experience through better omnichannel
capabilities and Ariba’s global procurement network to
reduce costs and enhance service quality.

ASIA PACIFIC JAPAN (APJ) REGION

— AGL Corporate Services Pty, one of Australia’s leading
renewable energy companies, recently went live with SAP
Fiori apps for purchase order approval and leave request
approval. SAP Fiori helps AGL simplify business processes
through an improved user interface and external access
to workflow tasks.

— Infosys, a global leader in technology, consulting,
outsourcing, and next-generation services has gone live with

SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA. With SAP HANA,

Infosys expects to accelerate its financial closing processes
and progressively move more and more batch activities into
a real-time environment.

— Singapore Health Services, one of the largest healthcare
groups in Singapore, has selected Ariba solutions to replace
its existing procurement platforms. Singapore Health
Services expects to improve collaboration with vendors and
standardize purchasing practices across its network.

— Tatung Group, a major computer and electronic home
appliance company in Taiwan, has chosen SAP as its
strategic partner for co-innovation and simplification of all
business processes on SAP HANA. Over a five-year
period, Tatung plans to implement multiple SAP solutions to
transform its business, simplify operations, and become
aleader in the “smart energy” industry.

72

— Mitsui Knowledge Industry (MKI), an IT services provider in
Japan, selected the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service. In
addition to its own professional data analysis service, MK! now
aims to provide a market forecasting service for various
commodities through a highly available and efficient enterprise
cloud infrastructure.

EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AND AFRICA (EMEA) REGION

— The Department of Zakat and Income Tax (DZIT), reporting
to the Ministry of Finance of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia,
selected the SAP Fraud Management analytic application
powered by SAP HANA with the goal of reducing fraud
exposure. With the help of SAP, DZIT looks to replace manual
processes and increase the revenue for the Kingdom of
Saudi Arabia.

— The Kenya Electricity Transmission Company has selected
the SAP HANA platform for innovation and the SAP Fiori user
experience to simplify its user interface. With these solutions,
Ketraco expects to increase its capacity to provide a
premium customer experience based on real-time data and
analysis.

— Spire Healthcare, a provider of private healthcare in
the United Kingdom, selected SAP HANA with the aim of
improving its patient overall experience.

- Telefonica, an international telecommunications company
based in Spain, with more than 120,000 employees selected
SuccessFactors HCM Suite as its solution to provide employees
with an optimal workplace, demonstrate a commitment
to talent, and ensure the best opportunities for professional
development.

— Euromaster, a leading integrated tire service and car
maintenance network in Europe, chose SAP Business Suite
powered by SAP HANA to help handle its finance and supply
chain processes. The company hopes to improve efficiency,
optimize network coverage and make its business processes
more efficient. Euromaster chose SAP software as SAP was the
only company offering a concrete industry-specific solution
for retail and wholesale using the power of SAP HANA.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 18 ---

Performance Management System

We use various performance measures to help manage our
performance with regard to our primary financial goals, which
are growth and profitability, and our primary non-financial
goals, which are customer loyalty and employee engagement.
We view growth and profitability as indicators for our

current performance, while customer loyalty and employee
engagement are indicators for our future performance.

MEASURES WE USE TO MANAGE OUR FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE

Measures We Use to Manage Our Operating

Financial Performance

In 2014, we used the following key measures to manage our
operating financial performance:

Cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS): This
revenue driver comprises the main revenues of our fast-
growing cloud business. We generate cloud subscriptions and
support revenue (non-IFRS) when we provide software and
the respective support for delivery in the cloud. We use the
measure cloud subscriptions and support revenue both at
actual currency and at constant currency.

Software and software-related service (SSRS) revenue
(non-IFRS): We use SSRS revenue (non-IFRS) and constant
currency SSRS revenue (non-IFRS) to measure our revenue
growth. Our SSRS revenue includes cloud subscriptions and
support revenue plus software and related support revenue.
Cloud subscriptions and support revenue and software
revenue are our key revenue drivers because they tend to affect
our other revenue streams. Generally, customers that buy
software licenses also enter into maintenance contracts, and
these generate recurring software-related service revenue in
the form of support revenue after the software sale. Maintenance
contracts cover support services and software updates and
enhancements. Software revenue as well as cloud subscriptions
and support revenue also tend to stimulate service revenue
from consulting and training sales.

Performance Management System

New and upsell bookings: For our cloud activities, we also look
at new and upsell bookings. This measure reflects the
committed order entry of a given period from new customers
and from incremental purchases by existing customers for
offerings that generate cloud subscription revenue. Thus, it is
an indicator for cloud-related sales success in a period and

for secured future cloud subscription revenue. We focus primarily
on the average contract value variant of the new and upsell
bookings measure that considers annualized amounts for
multiyear contracts. Additionally, we monitor the total contract
value variant of the new and upsell bookings measure that
considers the total committed order entry amounts regardless
of the contract durations. There are no comparable IFRS
measures for these bookings metrics.

Operating profit (non-IFRS)/operating margin (non-IFRS):
We use operating profit (non-IFRS)/operating margin (non-
IFRS) and constant currency operating profit (non-IFRS)/
operating margin (non-IFRS) to measure our overall
operational process efficiency and overall business performance.
Operating margin (non-IFRS) is the ratio of our operating
profit (non-IFRS) to total revenue (non-IFRS), expressed as a
percentage. See below for more information on the IFRS

and non-IFRS measures we use.

Measures We Use to Manage Our Non-Operating
Financial Performance

We use the following measures to manage our non-operating
financial performance:

Financial income, net: This measure provides insight especially
into the return on liquid assets and capital investments and

the cost of borrowed funds. To manage our financial income, net,
we focus on cash flow, the composition of our liquid asset and
capital investment portfolio, and the average rate of interest at
which assets are invested. We also monitor average
outstanding borrowings and the associated finance costs.

73


--- Page 19 ---

Days’ Sales Outstanding (DSO) and Days’ Payables
Outstanding (DPO): We manage working capital by controlling
the days’ sales outstanding for operating receivables, or DSO
(defined as average number of days from the raised invoice to
cash receipt from the customer), and the days’ payables
outstanding for operating liabilities, or DPO (defined as average
number of days from the received invoice to cash payment to
the vendor).

Measures We Use to Manage Overall Financial
Performance

We use the following measures to manage our overall financial
performance:

Earnings per share (EPS): EPS measures our overall
performance because it captures all operating and non-operating
elements of profit as well as income tax expense. It represents
the portion of profit after tax allocable to each SAP share
outstanding (using the weighted average number of shares
outstanding over the reporting period). EPS is influenced not
only by our operating and non-operating business, and income
taxes but also by the number of shares outstanding. We are
authorized by our shareholders to repurchase shares and
believe that such repurchases, additional to dividend distributions,
are a good means to return value to our shareholders.

Effective tax rate: We define our effective tax rate as the
ratio of income tax expense to profit before tax, expressed
as a percentage.

Operating, investing, and financing cash flows and free cash
flow: Our consolidated statement of cash flows provides
insight as to how we generated and used cash and cash
equivalents. When used in conjunction with the other primary
financial statements, it provides information that helps us
evaluate the changes of our net assets, our financial structure
(including our liquidity and solvency), and our ability to affect
the amounts and timing of cash flows in order to adapt to
changing circumstances and opportunities. We use our free
cash flow measure to estimate the cash flow remaining

74

after all expenditures required to maintain or expand our
organic business have been paid off. This measure provides
management with supplemental information to assess our
liquidity needs. We calculate free cash flow as net cash from
operating activities minus purchases (other than purchases
made in connection with business combinations) of intangible
assets and property, plant, and equipment.

MEASURES WE USE TO MANAGE OUR
NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

In 2014, we used the following key measures to manage our
non-financial performance in the areas of employee
engagement and customer loyalty:

Employee Engagement Index: We use the employee engagement
index to measure the motivation and loyalty of our employees,
how proud they are of our company, and how strongly they
identify with SAP. The index is derived from surveys conducted
among our employees. With this measure, we recognize that
we can achieve our growth strategy with engaged employees only.

Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS): This score measures

the willingness of our customers to recommend or promote
SAP to others. It is derived from our customer survey.
Conducted each year, this survey identifies, on a scale of O-10,
whether a customer is loyal and likely to recommend SAP to
friends or colleagues, is neutral, or is unhappy. We introduced
this measure in 2012, as we are convinced that we can achieve
our financial goals only when our customers are loyal to, and
satisfied with, SAP and our solutions. To derive the Customer
NPS, we start with the percentage of “promoters” of SAP —
those who give us a score of 9 or 10 ona scale of 0 to 10. We
then subtract the percentage of “detractors” — those who

give us a score of 0 to 6. The method ignores “passives,” who
give us a score of 7 or 8. In addition to our on-premise

Combined Management Report


--- Page 20 ---

customers, in 2014 for the first time we included Ariba,
SuccessFactors and Sybase customers in the survey.
Therefore, the 2014 Customer NPS score is not fully
comparable to the prior year’s score.

VALUE-BASED MANAGEMENT
Our holistic view of the performance measures described
above, together with our associated analyses, comprises the
information we use for value-based management. We use
planning and control processes to manage the compilation of
these key measures and their availability to our decision
makers across various management levels.

SAP's long-term strategic plans are the point of reference for
our other planning and controlling processes, including a
multiyear plan through 2020. We identify future growth and
profitability drivers at a highly aggregated level. This process
is intended to identify the best areas in which to target sustained
investment. Next, we evaluate our multiyear plans for our
support and development functions and break down the
customer-facing plans by sales region. Based on our detailed
annual plans, we determine the budget for the respective year.
We also have processes in place to forecast revenue and profit
ona quarterly basis, to quantify whether we expect to realize
our strategic goals, and to identify any deviations from plan. We
continuously monitor the concerned units in the Group to
analyze these developments and define any appropriate actions.

Performance Management System

Our entire network of planning, control, and reporting
processes is implemented in integrated planning and
information systems, based on SAP software, across all
organizational units so that we can conduct the evaluations
and analyses needed to make informed decisions.

NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES CITED IN THIS REPORT
As in previous years, we provided our 2014 financial outlook on
the basis of certain non-IFRS measures. Therefore, this report
contains a non-IFRS based comparison of our actual
performance in 2014 against our outlook in the Performance
Against Outlook for 2014 (Non-IFRS) section.

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures
for 2014 and 2013

The following table reconciles our IFRS financial measures

to the respective and most comparable non-IFRS financial
measures of this report for each of 2014 and 2013. Due to
rounding, the sum of the numbers presented in this table might
not precisely equal the totals we provide.

75


--- Page 21 ---

Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for the Years Ended December 31

€ millions, unless otherwise stated

2014 2013
IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Currency — Nor-IFRS IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS
Impact Constant
Currency
Revenue measures
Cloud subscriptions and support 1,087 14 1,101 = 1,098 696 61 757
Software 4,399 0 4,399 0 4,399 4,516 2 4518
Support 9,368 5 9,373 114 9,487 8,738 19 8,756
Software and support 13,767 5 13,773 113 13,886 13,254 21 13,275
Software and software-related 14,855 19 14,874 110 14,984 13,950 82 14,032
service revenue
Professional services and 2,706 t) 2,706 32 2,738 2,865 0 2,865
other service revenue
Total revenue 17,560 19 17,580 142 17,722 16,815 82 16,897
Operating expense measures
Cost of software and software-related services 2,894 350 2,543 2,629 364 = 2,265
Cost of professional services and other services -2,379 121 2,258 2,402 123 ~2,278
Total cost of revenue -5,272 471 4,801 5,031 487 4,543
Gross profit 12,288 490 12,778 11,784 570 12,354
Research and development -2,331 127 2,204 2,282 120 2,162
Sales and marketing 4,304 170 4,134 4,131 205 3,926
General and administration -892 86 -806 -866 70 -796
Restructuring 126 126 ) -70 70 0
TomorrowNow and Versata litigation 309 309 0) 31 31 0
Other operating income/expense, net 4 0 4 12 0 12
Total operating expenses =13,230 1,288 -11,942 -152--12,093_-12,336 921. -11,415

Operating profit measures

Operating profit 4,479 1,003 5,482
Operating margin (in %) 26.6 32.4

76 Combined Management Report


--- Page 22 ---

Explanation of Non-IFRS Measures

We disclose certain financial measures, such as revenue
(non-IFRS), operating expenses (non-IFRS), operating profit
(non-IFRS), operating margin (non-IFRS), earnings per share
(non-IFRS), deferred revenue (non-IFRS), and calculated cloud
billings measures (non-IFRS), as well as constant currency
revenue, expense, profit, deferred revenue, and calculated
cloud billings measures that are not prepared in accordance
with IFRS and are therefore considered non-IFRS financial
measures. Our non-IFRS financial measures may not correspond
to non-IFRS financial measures that other companies report.
The non-IFRS financial measures that we report should only be
considered in addition to, and not as substitutes for or superior
to, our IFRS financial measures.

We believe that the disclosed supplemental historical and
prospective non-IFRS financial information provides useful
information to investors because management uses this
information, in addition to financial data prepared in accordance
with IFRS, to attain a more transparent understanding of our
past performance and our anticipated future results or — in the
case of calculated cloud billings (non-IFRS) — management
uses the measures to anticipate metrics that investors use. We
use the revenue (non-IFRS) and profit (non-IFRS) measures
consistently in our internal planning and forecasting, reporting
and compensation, as well as in our external communications,
as follows:

— Our management primarily uses these non-IFRS measures
rather than IFRS measures as the basis for making financial,
strategic, and operating decisions.

— The variable components of our Executive Board members’
and employees’ remuneration are based on revenue (non-
IFRS) and operating profit (non-IFRS) measures rather than
the respective IFRS measures.

— The annual budgeting process for all management units is
based on revenue (non-IFRS) and operating profit (non-IFRS)
numbers rather than the respective IFRS financial measures.

Performance Management System

— All forecast and performance reviews with all senior
managers globally are based on these non-IFRS measures,
rather than the respective IFRS financial measures.

— Both our internal performance targets and the guidance we
provided to the capital markets are based on revenue
(non-IFRS) and profit (non-IFRS) measures rather than the
respective IFRS financial measures.

ased on
income

Our non-IFRS financial measures reflect adjustments
the items below, as well as adjustments for the relate
tax effects.

Revenue (Non-IFRS)
Revenue items identified as revenue (non-IFRS) have been
adjusted from the respective IFRS financial measures by
including the full amount of support revenue, cloud subscriptions
and support revenue, and other similarly recurring revenue
that we are not permitted to record as revenue under IFRS due
to fair value accounting for the contracts in effect at the

time of the respective acquisitions.

Under IFRS, we record at fair value the contracts in effect at the
time entities were acquired. Consequently, our IFRS support
revenue, IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue, IFRS
software and software-related service revenue, and IFRS total
revenue for periods subsequent to acquisitions do not reflect
the full amount of revenue that would have been recorded

by entities acquired by SAP had they remained stand-alone
entities. Adjusting revenue numbers for this revenue impact
provides additional insight into the comparability of our
ongoing performance across periods.

Operating Expense (Non-IFRS)
Operating expense numbers that are identified as operating
expenses (non-IFRS) have been adjusted by excluding the
following expenses:
— Acquisition-related charges
- Amortization expense/impairment charges of intangibles
acquired in business combinations and certain stand-alone
acquisitions of intellectual property (including purchased
in-process research and development)

77


--- Page 23 ---

+ Settlements of pre-existing business relationships in
connection with a business combination
+ Acquisition-related third-party expenses
— Expenses from the TomorrowNow litigation (formerly labeled
as discontinued activities) and the Versata litigation cases
— Share-based payment expenses
— Restructuring expenses

We exclude certain acquisition-related expenses for the
urpose of calculating operating profit (non-IFRS), operating
margin (non-IFRS), and earnings per share (non-IFRS) when
evaluating SAP's continuing operational performance because
these expenses generally cannot be changed or influenced

y management after the relevant acquisition other than by
disposing of the acquired assets. Since management at levels
elow the Executive Board does not influence these expenses,
we generally do not consider these expenses for the purpose

these non-IFRS measures have been adjusted from the
respective IFRS measures for the results of the share-based
ayment expenses and restructuring expenses, as well as
the TomorrowNow and Versata litigation expenses.

he adjustment for expenses and income from the Versata
itigation was introduced in 2014 (for details regarding this
itigation refer to our Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (24)). Prior-year amounts have been
adjusted to comply with the modified set of non-IFRS
adjustments. We exclude expenses and income from the
Versata litigation to provide additional insight into the
comparability of our ongoing operating performance across
periods and to continue the alignment of our non-IFRS
measures with our internal performance measures.

78

of evaluating the performance of management units. Additionally,

Operating Profit (Non-IFRS), Operating Margin
(Non-IFRS), and Earnings per Share (Non-IFRS)
Operating profit, operating margin, and earnings per share
identified as operating profit (non-IFRS), operating margin
(non-IFRS), and earnings per share (non-IFRS) have been
adjusted from the respective IFRS measures by adjusting for
the above-mentioned revenue (non-IFRS) and operating
expenses (non-IFRS).

Deferred Cloud Subscriptions and Support Revenue

(Non-IFRS) and Calculated Cloud Billings (Non-IFRS)

t is common in capital markets to use metrics based on

illings to help evaluate the performance of cloud subscription

offerings. Acommon metric of this kind is calculated cloud

illings that can be calculated as the total of a period's cloud
subscriptions and support revenue and the respective

eriod’s change in the deferred cloud subscriptions and support

revenue balance. To ease the effort of determining this metric,

we report the metric’s components as well as a calculation of
the metric itself. To allow an alignment of this calculated cloud
illings metric with our revenue reporting, we present the
calculated cloud billings metric on an IFRS basis (that is, derived

from IFRS numbers) as well as on anon-IFRS basis and a

non-IFRS at constant currency basis. The calculated cloud

illings (non-IFRS) are derived from both:

— Our cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS),
which is adjusted from the respective IFRS number for the
effect of fair value accounting for the contracts in effect
at the time of the respective acquisitions as outlined above

— Our deferred cloud subscriptions and support revenue
(non-IFRS), which is adjusted from the respective IFRS
number accordingly

Constant Currency Information

We believe it is important for investors to have information that
provides insight into our sales. Revenue measures determined
under IFRS provide information that is useful in this regard.
However, both sales volume and currency effects impact period-
over-period changes in sales revenue. We do not sell

Combined Management Report


--- Page 24 ---

standardized units of products and services, so we cannot
provide relevant information on sales volume by providing data
on the changes in product and service units sold. To provide
additional information that may be useful to investors in breaking
down and evaluating changes in sales volume, we present
information about our revenue and various values and
components relating to operating profit that are adjusted for
foreign currency effects.

We calculate constant currency revenue and operating profit
measures by translating foreign currencies using the average
exchange rates from the comparative period instead of the
current period. Constant currency deferred revenue balances
are calculated by translating the current period's opening and
closing deferred revenues balances as well as the comparative
period's closing deferred revenue balance using the opening
exchange rates of the comparative period.

Free Cash Flow

The following table shows our free cash flow measure. We use
this measure among others to manage our overall financial
performance.

Free Cash Flow
€ millions

2014 2013 Change
(in%)

Net cash flows from operating 3,499 3,832 -9

activities

Purchase of intangible assets and -737 566 30

property, plant, and equipment

(without acquisitions)

Free cash flow _ 2,762, 3,266 =15

Performance Management System

Usefulness of Non-IFRS Measures

We believe that our non-IFRS measures are useful to investors

for the following reasons:

— Our revenue (non-IFRS), expense (non-IFRS), and profit
(non-IFRS) measures provide investors with insight into
management's decision making because management uses
these non-IFRS measures to run our business and make
financial, strategic, and operating decisions. We include the
revenue adjustments outlined above and exclude the
expense adjustments outlined above when making decisions
to allocate resources. In addition, we use these non-IFRS
measures to gain a better understanding of SAP's operating
performance from period to period.

— The non-IFRS measures provide investors with additional
information that enables a comparison of year-over-year
operating performance by eliminating certain direct effects
of acquisitions, share based compensation plans,
restructuring plans, and the TomorrowNow and Versata
litigation cases.

— Non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures are widely used in the
software industry. In many cases, inclusion of our non-IFRS
measures may facilitate comparison with our competitors’
corresponding non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures.

— Our deferred cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-
IFRS) and calculated cloud billings (non-IFRS) metrics
provide additional insight into amounts that are contracted
for and invoiced and that are expected to be recognized
in cloud subscriptions and support revenue in the future.

79


--- Page 25 ---

Limitations of Non-IFRS Measures

We believe that our non-IFRS financial measures described

above have limitations, including but not limited to, the

following:

— The eliminated amounts could be material to us.

— Without being analyzed in conjunction with the
corresponding IFRS measures, the non-IFRS measures are
not indicative of our present and future performance,
foremost for the following reasons:

* While our profit (non-IFRS) numbers reflect the elimination
of certain acquisition-related expenses, no eliminations
are made for the additional revenue that result from the
acquisitions.

- While we adjust for the fair value accounting of the acquired
entities’ recurring revenue contracts, we do not adjust for

the fair value accounting of deferred compensation items

that result from commissions paid to the acquired
company's sales force and third parties for closing the
respective customer contracts.

* The acquisition-related charges that we eliminate in

eriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers are likely to recur

should SAP enter into material business combinations

in the future. Similarly, the restructuring expenses that we

eliminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers are

likely to recur should SAP perform restructurings in the
future.

- The acquisition-related amortization expense that we

iminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers

is a recurring expense that will impact our financial

performance in future years.

@

80

* The revenue adjustment for the fair value accounting of the

acquired entities’ contracts and the expense adjustment

for acquisition-related charges do not arise from a common
conceptual basis. This is because the revenue adjustment
aims to improve the comparability of the initial post-acquisition
period with future post-acquisition periods, while the
expense adjustment aims to improve the comparability
between post-acquisition periods and pre-acquisition
periods. This should particularly be considered when
evaluating our operating profit (non-IFRS) and operating
margin (non-IFRS) numbers as these combine our revenue
(non-IFRS) and expenses (non-IFRS) despite the absence of
acommon conceptual basis.

- Our restructuring charges could result in significant cash

outflows. The same applies to our share-based payment
expense because most of our share-based payments are
settled in cash rather than shares.

- The valuation of our cash-settled share-based payments

could vary significantly from period to period due to the
fluctuation of our share price and other parameters used in
the valuation of these plans.

«In the past, we have issued share-based payment awards to

our employees every year and we intend to continue doing
so in the future. Thus, our share-based payment expenses
are recurring although the amounts usually change from
period to period.

- The deferred cloud subscriptions and support revenue

(non-IFRS) and calculated cloud billings (non-IFRS) metrics
that we disclose may be impacted significantly by our
revenue recognition policies, for example, when fees from
components other than cloud subscriptions sold in

multiple element arrangements with cloud subscriptions are
reallocated to cloud subscriptions and vice versa. Thus,

our calculated cloud billings (non-IFRS) metrics for a given
period may not be indicative of the amounts that we

have actually billed to customers in the respective period.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 26 ---

We believe that constant currency measures have limitations,
articularly as the currency effects that are eliminated
constitute a significant element of our revenue and expenses
and could materially impact our performance. Therefore, we
imit our use of constant currency measures to the analysis of
changes in volume as one element of the full change ina
financial measure. Additionally, we use different prior period
exchange rates for deferred revenue versus revenue items

to adjust for currencies. We do not evaluate our results and
erformance without considering both constant currency
measures in revenue (non-IFRS) and operating profit (non-IFRS)
measures on the one hand, and changes in revenue, operating
expenses, operating profit, or other measures of financial
erformance prepared in accordance with IFRS on the other.
We caution the readers of our financial reports to follow a
similar approach by considering constant currency measures
only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior

to, changes in revenue, operating expenses, operating profit, or
other measures of financial performance prepared in
accordance with IFRS.

Despite these limitations, we believe that the presentation of
the non-IFRS measures and the corresponding IFRS measures,
together with the relevant reconciliations, provide useful
information to management and investors regarding present
and future business trends relating to our financial condition
and results of operations. We do not evaluate our growth and
performance without considering both non-IFRS measures and
the comparable IFRS measures. We caution the readers of

our financial reports to follow a similar approach by considering
our non-IFRS measures only in addition to, and not as a
substitute for or superior to, revenue or other measures of our
financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Performance Management System

81


--- Page 27 ---

Employees and Social Performance

OUR PEOPLE ARE OUR DIFFERENTIATOR

While we put our customers in the center of everything we do,
we are equally committed to caring about our employees —

the drivers behind our success. Our people are our major asset
and differentiator. They give us the competitive advantage in
the marketplace and are key to helping our customers Run Simple
and helping us realize our goal of becoming "THE cloud
company powered by SAP HANA.”

Our top priority is fostering a culture that attracts, retains, and
develops talented people. We want our people to flourish, be
creative, and unfold their full potential. Therefore, it is essential
to create an organization that is simple, to develop and retain
leaders who care, and to offer continuous learning opportunities
in a work environment that embraces diversity and celebrates
inclusion.

In 2014, we won a significant number of awards as an employer,
among them the “Great Place to Work" in Brazil, France, India,
and Turkey; “Top Employer” in Africa and the United Kingdom;
and the top spot as “Best Employer” in the IT category in
Germany. In addition, SAP America was ranked as a “Top Place
to Work” in the U.S. cities of Philadelphia and Atlanta, as well

as in the Bay Area in California.

Leadership

As acloud company, we must be able to navigate rapid change
and chart the simplest possible course through complex
problems. The ability not only to stay focused and be both
persuasive and decisive but also inspirational and open to
feedback has become imperative to our success. To develop
those competencies in our leaders is essential; and
leadership development is a major undertaking for us at SAP.

82

We adopted three leadership principles in 2014 that are essential
to our continuous growth: ensuring customer success; driving
simplicity; and developing amazing talent. These principles are
at the core of all of our leadership actions. Each speaks to the
need to adapt to changing market demands.

Our customers expect to realize value more quickly and nimbly
in the cloud, asking for solutions that navigate greater
complexity in simple and sophisticated ways. While they seek
agility, we simultaneously have to increase our ability to
become more adaptable, comfortable with volatility, uncertainty,
complexity, and ambiguity. To drive simplicity, we are fostering

a work environment based on trust by letting go of checks and
balances, and moving away from a culture of command

and control. And finally, to develop amazing talent, leaders are
requested to find a balance between business results and
people. It is mandatory that leaders actively support employee
skill-building to maximize the impact on our success.

We see leadership as a profession. We make leaders
accountable, and create a consistent leadership culture across
the organization to ensure the engagement with and the
advancement of our people. To further enhance accountability
and to measure our collective effort to foster a work environment
based on trust, we added a question to our annual global
employee survey to gauge employees’ trust in our leaders. We
measure leadership trust by using the Net Promoter Score
(NPS) methodology. Our leadership trust score increased most
significantly by 18.3 percentage points up to 46.8%, far
exceeding our already ambitious target of 35.0% for 2014. The
goal for 2015 is to even further increase the trust in our
leadership; we aim for a target of 51.0%. In addition, we made
leadership trust one of the key performance indicators for our
top leaders at SAP for 2014. Finally, we introduced mandatory
leadership training, launching a revamped, roles-based, and
interactive curriculum.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 28 ---

In 2014, we brought together 220 leaders including senior
executives, top talents, Millennials, and expert-level employees
from across the company at a leadership summit. We explored
ways to grow our business in the cloud, lead with purpose, and
cultivate engagement as well as foster trust and simplicity.

In the spirit of transparency and leadership accountability, we
asked the participants at the end of the summit to identify a
personal commitment and concrete follow-up action that were
displayed on an online “commitment wall,” accessible to all
employees in the organization.

Learning
Our learning culture at SAP aims to enable all employees at any
level or in any role to learn. We introduced a philosophy of
“everyone is a talent,” to focus on maximizing the skills of all
our employees. We have adopted a new approach to assessing
the individual potential of every person at SAP and have
updated our portfolio of development offerings for each level of
employee.

We took a number of steps throughout 2014 to ensure that SAP
is a best-in-class learning organization. We appointed SAP's
first chief learning officer to create and execute a unified strategy
for employee learning. We adopted our Success Map

global learning platform, a cloud solution that enables highly
personalized “learning on demand.” We streamlined

our learning offerings and launched Webinars, produced online
courses, and fostered peer interaction. New opportunities
include career planning and mentoring workshops, behavioral
tests, business simulations, and sponsorship pilots.

Employees and Social Performance

As we work to build an agile and heterogeneous workforce to
meet future demands and reflect our customer base, we

seek to also attract earlier generations of talent to broaden our
expertise and balance our experienced employee base

that we call “mature talents.” While putting a strong focus on
developing our own talents, we also look for new talents
externally to complement our current skills. In 2014, we made
our recruiting more dynamic, mobile, social media-friendly,
and easy to navigate. We launched a new careers site that
highlights potential career paths at SAP, catering to different
backgrounds, interests, and goals. At the same time, we
continued proven methods of recruiting such as opportunities
to talk in person and with our presence on university
campuses, both important to reach new generations.

Beyond our focus on talent, leadership, and learning, the
following four areas help us foster a winning culture that
enables us to achieve our goals and create positive impact.

Inclusion

A diverse and inclusive culture fuels our innovation,
helps us connect with customers, and makes us a better,
more attractive workplace. We focus on four key areas:

— Generational intelligence

— Gender intelligence

— Differently abled people

— Culture and identity

We continue to work toward our goal of increasing the number
of women in management from 18% in 2010 to 25% in 2017, a
goal common to players in the IT industry. Our overall
percentage of women in the workforce stayed constant at 31%
from 2013 to 2014, and the percentage of women in
management slightly increased to 21.3% in 2014 from 21.2% in
2013, marking the fifth year of growth in this area. Year-over-
year, we added another 102 women to our management team.
To further support progress, we offer executive sponsorships

for women and require that at least one female candidate is
included on the short list for leadership and other key executive
positions.

83


--- Page 29 ---

Through our employee networks and other programs, we
recognize and support diversity in its many dimensions. For
example, in 2014, we released “LGBT Allies: SAP Employee
Stories,” a video of SAP employees voicing support for the lesbian,
gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community. This
grassroots effort brought people together from different
nationalities, backgrounds, and roles. We have also expanded
our hiring of people with autism in our Autism at Work
initiative, which is now implemented in five countries; we are
targeting 1% of the total workforce by 2020.

In 2014, we repeated our annual People Weeks, a two-week
opportunity for employees to learn and exchange ideas in
in-person sessions, Webinars, and discussion forums. This
year’s motto, “Shine Through the Cloud,” was designed to
connect colleagues to our cloud strategy. A total of 36 virtual
and 600 local sessions were offered in 69 countries.

Work/Life Integration

We work to ensure that people at SAP have the ability to
manage stress, balance their personal and professional lives,
and perform at their best.

To help employees and managers invest in their health and a
balanced lifestyle, we continued our global initiatives such as
People Weeks, which place a strong focus on health, diversity,
and learning. Further, we developed the Employee Health
Support Program, which provides a personalized health report
and recommendations. Piloted in 2013 in Austria and Ireland,
the program has since been rolled out at all SAP locations in
Germany and will be offered globally.

84

In 2014, we introduced a Corporate Oncology Program for
Employees, which provides personalized analysis of cancer
treatment options supported by SAP HANA. This program
assesses individual genetic profiles of cancer cells. SAP is the
first company to offer this service to its employees. We
piloted the program in the United States and Germany and
expect to expand it in further locations.

Our Business Health Culture Index (BHCI), based on our People
Survey, assesses the degree to which our workplace culture
supports people's well-being, work/life balance, and organizational
health. In 2014, we achieved a score of 70%, compared to 67%
in 2013. Given the fast pace of change in the IT industry, we
have set a goal of maintaining a score of 70% or higher. Based
on our internal model and assumptions, we were able to
quantify the connectivity between the BHCI and our operating
profit. For each percentage point in change of the BHCI, the
impact on our operating profit was approximately between
€65 million and €75 million in 2014. For more information,

see the Integrated Performance Analysis section of the SAP
Integrated Report 2014 online.

Social Investments

Our corporate social responsibility strategy applies our talent,
technology, and strategic partnerships to create long-term,
sustainable social impact. This year, we continued to focus on
two areas that are critical to both SAP and society: education
and entrepreneurship. In 2014, SAP contributed approximately
€22 million in cash donations to non-governmental and non-
profit organizations. Eleven hundred non-profit organizations
received technology donations, including a comprehensive
implementation of the SAP Business One solution at
Specialisterne, an organization SAP works closely with that
secures employment for people with autism, and

Emprego Ligado, a social organization that offers an online job
marketplace to Brazil's working class. Our employees
volunteered about 188,000 hours in communities in 47
countries, with more than 40% of their time spent devoted to
providing their unique talents and abilities (“skills-based
volunteering”).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 30 ---

In 2014, we expanded the SAP Social Sabbatical, one of our
most successful and strategic programs, designed to cultivate
existing talent and create social impact. Each year, we send
high-performing employees from around the world to emerging
markets, where they collaborate with social enterprises and
entrepreneurs on month-long projects to solve a pressing
business challenge. Many employees say the experience is life-
changing, and they come back as stronger leaders and
innovators. Strategic “pro-bono volunteering” is being extended
to include local projects and an executive social sabbatical.

We also unveiled an innovative partnership in which SAP
helped to create a technology-focused high school in New York
City called the Business Technology Early College High School.
The public six-year school features a special business and
technology curriculum as well as mentoring and internship
opportunities with SAP and others within our ecosystem.

The school — known as BTECH - is an investment in the next
generation as well as our own future, as we help develop a
skilled workforce to drive innovation and growth. We plan to
support additional schools with similar focus in North
America in 2015.

Employees and Social Performance

Enhancing Engagement

From our earliest interactions with potential new employees to
the many ways that we develop people at SAP, we are
ultimately working to engage everyone in our vision — to help
the world run better and improve people's lives. We know

that to win in the marketplace and be successful with our cloud
strategy, we must continually expand the boundaries of what
is possible, and engagement unlocks exceptional performance.

Indeed, in 2014, we were ab
employee engagement and

le to show a correlation between
margin, further linking our financial

and non-financial performance. For each percentage point
our employee engagement index goes up or down, the impact

on our operating profit was

tween €35 million and €45

million. For more information, see the Integrated Performance
Analysis section of the SAP Integrated Report 2014 online.
Employee engagement remains one of SAP's four corporate
strategic goals, along with growth, profitability, and customer

loyalty. In our 2014 “pulse c

eck,” we achieved an overall

employee engagement score of 79%, compared to 77% in 2013.
We aim at achieving a score of 82% by 2015. Employee
satisfaction went up in every single category and in nearly all
questionnaire items, including topics addressing the confidence

in our strategic direction, in

articular.

The scores of our People Survey in 2013 revealed that our
employees were committed to execute the refreshed strategy
but wanted support to translate the strategic direction into
their daily life; subsequently this was selected as the key topic
for 2014. We attribute the success in 2014 to our efforts to
communicate and to explain the refreshed strategy. This effort

will be continued in 2015.

85


--- Page 31 ---

We still see the need to continue our simplification efforts
which will be our second focus area for increasing employee
engagement in 2015, as our score in this area only improved
slightly in 2014. We strongly believe that effective and simple
processes and structures are critical to ensure our customer's
and SAP's success. They not only save time and duplication

of effort, but they free up energy for innovation.

In addition to our learning and development opportunities,
special initiatives also support engagement. In 2014, we
launched the Hasso Plattner Founders’ Award to celebrate the
best of who we are and what we do at SAP. More than 2,000
nominations were submitted, with criteria based on transforming
problems into opportunities through innovative thinking,
reducing complexity, and making bold decisions involving risk-
taking and learning from mistakes. Our two winning teams
overcame significant technological and organizational challenges
to deliver solutions that simplify business problems, focus on
the customer, and deliver meaningful value. They showcased
the spirit of innovation, entrepreneurialism, and courage

that we will maintain as our hallmarks in the years to come.

86

Our connectivity analysis revealed that employee retention is
positively impacted by employee engagement and in 2014, our
employee retention rate worldwide was 93.5%, same as in
2013. After making minor adjustments in the assumptions of
our connectivity model, a one percentage point change in
employee retention can impact our operating profit by about
€40 million to €50 million. The average length of service at
SAP worldwide in 2014 was approximately 7.2 years (2013: 6.5
years). While we do not seek a general retention rate of 100%,
as some turnover supports innovation, a high retention rate

is a priority. As with engagement, we believe that a thriving culture
and strong leadership, along with a sense of purpose and
opportunities to develop, motivate our top talent to stay at SAP.

HEADCOUNT

On December 31, 2014, we had 74,406 full-time equivalent
(FTE) employees worldwide (December 31, 2013: 66,572). This
represents an increase in headcount of 7,834 FTEs in
comparison to 2013. Of the overall headcount increase in 2014,
5,535 resulted from acquisitions. The average number of
employees in 2014 was 68,343 (2013: 65,409).

We define the FTE headcount as the number of people we would
employ if we only employed people on full-time employment
contracts. Students employed part-time and certain individuals
who are employed by SAP but who, for various reasons,

are not currently working, are excluded from our figures. Also,
temporary employees are not included in the above figures.
The number of such temporary employees is not material.

On December 31, 2014, the largest number of SAP employees
(45%) were employed in the EMEA region (including 24% in
Germany), while 30% were employed in the Americas region
(including 21% in the United States) and 26% in the APJ region.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 32 ---

Unless otherwise stated, the main driver for the following
eadcount increases were SAP's acquisition activities (mainly
Concur). Our worldwide headcount in the field of software

and software-related services grew 34% to 15,074 FTEs (2013:
1,261). Cloud operations and support accounted for most of
the increase. Professional services and other services counted
4,639 FTEs at the end of 2014 — an increase of less than

% (2013: 14,629). Our R&D headcount saw a year-over-year
increase of 6% to 18,908 FTEs (2013: 17,804). This growth
stemmed from an increase in headcount in the area of Products &
nnovation. Sales and marketing headcount grew by 14% to
7,969 FTEs at the end of the year (2013: 15,824). General

and administration headcount rose 10% to 5,023 FTEs at the
end of the year (2013: 4,566). Our infrastructure employees
numbered 2,794 FTEs — an increase of 12% (2013: 2,488)
driven primarily in our investments in IT.

In the Americas region, headcount (FTEs) increased by 2,503,
or 13%; in the EMEA region, the increase was 2,347, or 8%; and
in the APJ region, it was 2,985, or 19%.

Our personnel expense per employee stayed essentially flat at
approximately €115,000 in 2014 (2013: approximately
€114,000). The personnel expense per employee is defined as
the personnel expense divided by the average number of
employees. For more information about employee compensation
and a detailed overview of the number of people SAP
employed, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (8).

Employees and Social Performance

Number of Employees

Full-time equivalents

53,513 55,765 64,422 66,572 74,406
15,542 afer)
11,741 takey
30,993
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

THLEMEA region iti Americas region ! APJ region

Employees by Functional Area

Full-time equivalents

Research and
development

18,908

Infrastructure
2,794

General and Professional services
administration and other services
5,023 14,639
Software and

software-related
services

15,074

Sales and
marketing

17,969

87


--- Page 33 ---

Environmental Performance:

Energy and Emissions

One of the primary ways that we can help both our customers
and SAP tackle the challenge of complexity is by increasing
efficiency. Simplification and efficiency go hand in hand, and
we have worked to enhance both by taking responsibility for
our energy usage and carbon emissions including |T-related
impact of our customers consuming our cloud offerings.

As we accelerate our shift to the cloud, we have tied our
business strategy to our environmental strategy by creating a
completely green cloud at SAP, referring to carbon neutrality
by purchasing 100% renewable electricity certificates and
compensation by offsets. This change — which we implemented
in 2014 — does more than mitigate our own impacts. It also
means that we can better serve our customers, as we simplify
their IT landscape through our cloud offerings and help

them increase their own efficiency. Our green cloud strategy is
complemented by 100% renewable energy for facilities and
electric company cars charged at SAP locations.

The evolution of our green cloud reflects the critical links we
see between our environmental and business performance. We
bring equal rigor to addressing and measuring both of these
areas. In assessing our environmental impact, we focus on energy
usage throughout SAP, as well as greenhouse gas emissions
across our value chain. Since the beginning of 2008, our energy
efficiency measures have generated a cumulative cost
avoidance of €310 million, compared to a business-as-usual
scenario, with €45 million of that amount created in 2014.

88

TOTAL ENERGY CONSUMED

Because our energy usage drives our emissions, one of the
most important measures we look at is our total energy consumed.
This includes all energy that SAP generates or purchases to
run our facilities, data centers, company cars, and corporate
jets. Our total energy consumption increased to 920 gigawatt
hours (GWh) in 2014, compared to 910 GWh in 2013.

This increase is due to significant growth in our business. In
addition, as software usage shifts to the cloud, we are
operating more of our customers’ systems in our data centers,
as well as other locations where we are supplementing

our servers. This additional cloud operation, along with the
accompanying servers and facilities, consumes more energy.

At the same time, we believe this shift has the opposite effect
for our customers, which can simplify their technology and
save energy through our shared infrastructure, reducing the
overall IT-related energy consumption through our highly
energy-efficient cloud provisioning.

As our business grows, we have maintained the efficiency gains
we have made over the past several years. For example, our
total corporate car fleet is not consuming more fuel despite the
fact that a significant number of company cars have been
added, since the average company car has become more fuel-
efficient. So, while our car fleet grew by 5%, we had efficiency
gains of 3% across the entire fleet. As a result, our total energy
consumption decreased slightly to 13,400 kilowatt hours
(kWh) per employee in 2014 (2013: 13,900 kWh).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 34 ---

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

Our goal is to reduce the net greenhouse gas emissions from

our operations to levels of the year 2000 by 2020. This target
includes all direct and indirect emissions from running our
business (Scopes 1 and 2), as well as a selected subset of other
indirect (Scope 3) emissions. We do not include all of our
Scope 3 emissions in our target because we chose to focus
first on those emissions over which we have control or
capability to influence. However, we are increasingly addressing
both our upstream and downstream emissions to support a
comprehensive carbon strategy for SAP.

Specifically, we are working to reduce our emissions through
three primary approaches: increasing our operational
efficiency combined with innovative approaches to the way we
do things; purchasing high-quality renewable electricity
certificates; and investing in high-quality carbon credits.

In addition to our long-term goal for 2020, we have set annual
targets. Despite integrating new acquisitions in 2014, our

total net emissions decreased to 500 kilotons CO, (2013: 545
kilotons). This decrease stems primarily from our shift to
powering all of our data centers and facilities with 100%
renewable electricity. We are effectively compensating the
emissions caused by our customers’ systems that have moved
into our green cloud. Given the large size of our customers’
footprints and our growth strategy in the cloud, we see significant
potential to reduce both our own and our customers’
environmental impact.

Nonetheless, we missed our annual target to reduce our
emissions to 440 kilotons. The reason is that our business has
continued to grow, and more of our overall emissions are
caused by business travel. In other words, our shift to green
energy — while critical to our long-term reduction strategy —
could not fully compensate for the business travel enabling
our growth. At the same time, this shift did enhance our
efficiency. Our greenhouse gas emissions decreased from
32.4 grams CO, per euro of total revenue in 2013 to 28.4 grams
CO, per euro in 2014. Our carbon emissions per employee
also decreased by about 12% in 2014.

Environmental Performance: Energy and Emissions

In addition to greater efficiency, we have achieved an overall
absolute reduction of 16% since our peak year 2007, when we
set our long-term carbon target. This reduction has occurred
even as the average number of employees at SAP has
increased by almost 32%.

ENVIRONMENTAL INNOVATIONS
The ongoing tension between growth in our business and our
goal to reduce our emissions has led us to pursue new
approaches. To further decrease our car-related emissions, in
2014, we committed to increase the portion of electric vehicles
(or alternatives) in our company car fleet from currently less
than 1% to 20% by 2020. This initiative addresses a dilemma
that has grown in recent years. Namely, along with our
business expansion, the number of SAP employees who are
eligible for a company car has increased annually. We aim

to ensure that we do not undo our efficiency gains with our
growing car fleet.

89


--- Page 35 ---

In keeping with our existing policy for office buildings and data
centers, we continue to power our electric company cars

with 100% renewable sources. In Germany, for example, we are
incentivizing employees to make the switch by offering a
battery subsidy that offsets the cost of using an electric vehicle.
We are also developing a management solution that will
address “range anxiety,” helping drivers intelligently plan out
their trips, their maximum range and the availability of
charging stations. We believe that our electric car initiative will
play a critical role in helping us achieve our 2020 carbon
reduction goal.

Our shift to a green cloud will also bring us closer to our carbon
emission goal while extending our reach beyond SAP. In
addition to reducing our own emissions, this change enables us
to create a far greater impact through our customers. In

2014 alone, the emissions caused by SAP products in use at
the sites of our more than 282,000 customers were at least

10 times larger than SAP’s own footprint, meaning they caused
more than 6,200 kilotons of CO,. By using 100% renewable
energy, we dramatically broaden our sustainability efforts and
align them with our cloud strategy. We believe this move

not only helps the world run better, but significantly reduces
the carbon produced both inside and outside SAP.

90

In 2014, we also began realizing the benefits of another key
sustainability initiative, our investment in the Livelihoods

Fund, a unique investment fund whose returns consist of high-
quality carbon credits. Several years ago, we made an initial
investment of €3 million covering a 20-year participation in the
fund, which supports the sustainability of agricultural and

rural communities worldwide.

Projects of this fund focus on ecosystem restoration,
agriculture, agro-forestry, and rural energy. In eastern India, for
example, the fund has helped communities plant fruit trees

to diversify food sources and address overcultivation of soil. As
opposed to a charitable donation, we have made a long-term
investment that brings benefits to society, the environment
and SAP. In 2014, we received our first carbon credits from

the fund, which helped us reduce our carbon footprint by
another 11.2 kilotons.

Another important piece of progress in 2014 was the further
implementation of ISO 14001 in SAP locations throughout the
world. This well accepted environmental management system
is now in place in 23 of our locations worldwide, including

our SAP North America headquarters in Newtown Square,
Pennsylvania, in the United States, as well as in such diverse
countries as Austria, Brazil, Canada (Vancouver), the Czech
Republic, Germany, Israel, Italy, and South Africa. To act faster
and achieve consistency, we have created a template for rolling
out to new sites, enabling us to efficiently build a large global
network in which different sites interact and share best
practices.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 36 ---

DATA CENTER ENERGY

Data centers are at the heart of how SAP provides solutions

to our customers. The energy consumption in data centers is
closely related to technology innovation and customer
adoption of our solutions. At the same time, with our energy
consumption rising as more of our business moves to the
cloud, data centers have become a primary focus of our carbon
reduction efforts.

As noted earlier, in 2014 we addressed our data center
electricity consumption by shifting entirely to a green cloud at
SAP. This means that 100% of our energy usage to provide
internal and external computation power now comes from
renewable sources. At the same time, we began utilizing
external data centers to meet the growing needs of our cloud
customers. For this reason, our total data center electricity
consumption — at both our internal and external sites —
increased from 173 to 179 GWh. To reflect our strategic shift
towards a cloud delivery model based on internal and

external data centers, we decided to normalize total data center
electricity consumption against revenue instead of per SAP
employee. On a per million euro basis, this consumption stayed
flat at 10.2 megawatt hours (MWh) per million euro revenue
between 2013 and 2014.

RENEWABLE ENERGY
Our investment in renewable energy plays a critical role in
mitigating our environmental impact, helping us better serve
our customers and support a more sustainable energy market.
We are committed to buying from renewable sources — in 2014
we focused on solar, wind, and hydro. Our shift in 2014 to 100%
renewable energy in all of our data centers and facilities is one
of our most significant actions to date to make our operations
more sustainable.

Environmental Performance: Energy and Emissions

In 2014, renewable energy accounted for 100% of our total
electricity, compared with 43% in 2013. While we produce a
small amount of renewable energy through solar panels in
some locations, we mainly rely on the purchase of Renewable
Electricity Certificates (RECs) to increase the renewable
electricity in our energy mix. We procure RECs that add value
and drive change in the electricity market, adopting a set of key
criteria to establish high-quality standards, which were aligned
with two NGOs. For example, we will consider renewable
electricity from biomass only if it is disconnected from coal or
other fossil power plants and if the biomass itself is not

related to deforestation. In addition, we require that power plants
must be no more than 10 years old, as we aim to foster new
innovation and production of renewable energy.

91


--- Page 37 ---

Financial Performance:

Review and Analysis

ECONOMY AND THE MARKET

Global Economic Trends

The global economy recovered during the course of 2014,
although slowly and heterogeneously, according to the
European Central Bank (ECB). The ECB reports that progress
in some advanced economies was restrained early in the year,
gained momentum in the second and third quarters, but then
weakened slightly in the fourth quarter. In the emerging
economies, in contrast, the ECB says, structural problems and
a tight credit environment impeded growth throughout the
year. On the other hand, geopolitical crises, such as those in
Ukraine and the Middle East, had little impact on the global
economy in 2014, according to the ECB.

Year-over-year growth in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa
(EMEA) region was significantly slower than the global average.
The ECB reports that growth in the euro area lost momentum
throughout 2014; it was particularly weak in the fourth quarter
given unexpectedly low investment and exports. The ECB
estimates that euro-area gross domestic product (GDP) increased
0.8% year-over-year. It notes that overall growth was robust

in Central and Eastern Europe in the first half of 2014 but that in
some countries growth slowed in the second half of the year.
The intensifying conflict in Ukraine, the international sanctions,
and falling oil prices all hampered growth in the Russian
economy, especially in the second half of the year.

Year-over-year growth in the Americas region was also slower
than the global average, the ECB reports. Strong domestic
demand underpinned substantial growth in the U.S. economy,
especially in the second and third quarters. In contrast,
economic growth in Latin America weakened and the disparity
between countries’ growth increased in 2014. For example,

the ECB reports that the Brazilian economy grew little — indeed,
it contracted in the first six months — while experiencing steep
inflation. In contrast, the Mexican economy regained traction in
2014 after suffering a marked reversal the previous year,
according to the ECB.

92

Economic trends in the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region were
again mixed. In Japan, economic growth slowed again. In the
second and third quarters, Japan's economy even contracted;
the ECB links this development with the increase in consumption
tax on April 1, 2014. Japan returned to growth in the last
quarter of the year. Year-over-year, economic growth in China
decelerated — primarily because of a decline in investments.
National and local stimulus programs brought a return to
greater stability in the fourth quarter. According to the ECB, the
outcome was full-year economic growth in China at a rate in
the upper single-digit percentage range.

The IT Market
According to U.S. market research firm International Data
Corporation (IDC), the global IT market expanded 4.1% in 2014,
which is in the lower end of the range IDC expected in its earlier
quarterly projections. Drivers were a decrease in production
and a decline of average prices for tablets and smartphones in
a saturated market, according to IDC. These effects had not
been foreseen at the beginning of the year. On the other hand,
PC-related sales revenue shrank less than IDC had forecasted
in its projections earlier in the year. Indeed, in the advanced
economies PC spending rose for the first time since 2010,
although it continued to decline in the emerging economies.
IDC’s expectations for the software and related services
markets remained broadly constant all year. IDC expected that
the software market grew 6.1% and the services market grew
3.3% in 2014. According to IDC companies continue to invest in
software; increasingly so in solutions for the cloud, mobile,

and Big Data. Such investment is targeted at cost reduction,
more efficient operation, and optimized hardware utilization.

Each segment of the IT market in the EMEA region expanded
less than the global average. IDC states that, in Western
Europe, a resurgent PC market (8.2% growth) drove an increase
in total IT spending. Nonetheless, overall growth in the IT
market in Western Europe market was 1.8% (Germany: 3.6%),
which was negatively influenced by political tensions with
Russia. The impact of the Ukraine crisis was more noticeable in
Central and Eastern Europe, where the IT market nearly
stagnated with 0.1% growth (Russia 0.1%). The IT market in
Africa and the Middle East grew by a percentage well into
double digits.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 38 ---

In the Americas region, IDC estimates the U.S. IT market as
relatively stable and calculated growth of 3.8% in 2014.
Progress was slowest in the first quarter, similar to what was
seen in the U.S. economy. IT demand grew most rapidly

for cloud products, and that growth was at the expense of
traditional software products. The markets in Latin America
grew more slowly than previously. IDC estimates that the IT
market in Latin America grew only 6.2% year-over-year
(Brazil: 7.1%; Mexico: 2.8%) after double-digit growth in the
previous year and despite a projection of 8% growth for
2014 made at the beginning of the year.

The two largest economies in the APJ region, China and Japan,
experienced some difficulty in 2014, and in both countries

the IT market was affected, IDC reports. In Japan, where IT
spending had grown 4.0% in 2013, IDC estimates that it
increased only 0.6% in 2014, held back by the weakness of the
overall economy. For China, IDC projected 13.3% growth in
2014 at the beginning of the year, but by the end of the year it
had trimmed its expectation to 9.8%.

Impact on SAP
Once again, growth in the overall global economy and in the IT
industry was relatively slow in 2014, and it became increasingly
volatile as the year progressed. This confronted SAP with
considerable challenges. However, thanks to our innovation
strategy, extended product portfolio, and strong diversification,
we once again succeeded in significantly expanding our
business and outperformed the overall global economy and IT
industry in all regions in 2014 with regards to revenue growth.

Our non-IFRS software and software-related services revenue
increased 7% at constant currencies in 2014. Both our core
business and our cloud business contributed substantially to
the increase. In our core business, non-IFRS software and
support revenue increased 5% at constant currencies, although
software revenue growth was affected by difficult economic
conditions in almost all of the most important emerging
economies for us, notably in Latin America, Russia and Ukraine,
and Japan. That led to a 3% year-over-year decline in our

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

non-IFRS software revenue at constant currencies, while our
constant currency non-IFRS support revenue grew 8%.
Support revenue is a robust feature of our core business model
because a maintenance contract generally continues for as
long as the customer uses the software. Our cloud business
growth was strong. Non-IFRS cloud subscription and support
revenue grew 45% over the year at constant currencies. That
growth was 32% even after eliminating the results from the
acquired cloud companies.

In the EMEA region, we were again highly successful, attaining
7% growth in non-IFRS software and software-related services
revenue at constant currencies, while our performance in the
United Kingdom was especially noteworthy. A 57% year-over-
year increase in non-IFRS cloud subscription and support
revenue at constant currencies is an indication that the cloud
usiness is also of growing importance in the EMEA region.

nthe Americas region, we achieved 7% growth in non-IFRS
software and software-related services revenue at constant
currencies despite the difficulties of weak economic progress,
articularly in Latin America. Non-IFRS cloud subscription

and support revenue grew 39% in the full year at constant
currencies.

nthe APJ region, the economic environment remained weak in
2014 and was also reflected in our modest revenue growth.
However, our strong growth in cloud and a solid performance in
ndia are worth highlighting. In the APJ region, our non-IFRS
software and software-related services revenue grew 7% year-
over-year at constant currencies, considerably supported by a
60% increase in constant currency non-IFRS cloud subscription
and support revenue.

In 2014, we again demonstrated that we are consistently
pursuing our strategy for innovation and growth — and that
globally we are able to generate growth that few other IT
companies can match.

93


--- Page 39 ---

OVERALL FINANCIAL POSITION

Executive Board’s Assessment

SAP delivered strong growth in the cloud. We also showed a
solid software and software-related service revenue
performance despite the accelerated shift from upfront software
revenue to more predictable cloud revenue. The strong cloud
growth is driven by a broad cloud portfolio, the largest cloud
business network in the world (Ariba, Concur, and Fieldglass),
and SAP HANA Cloud Platform. We will continue to invest in the
transformation toward a more predictable cloud business
model and once again raise our cloud ambition to grow our
cloud subscription and support revenue to be, by 2020,

about seven times the respective 2014 revenue.

We achieved our operating profit guidance while we
significantly expanded our cloud delivery capabilities. We still
aim for a strong total revenue growth, both for the near

term and for the medium term. At the same time, we want to
maintain the high profitability of our business. All in all, SAP
remains in good financial shape.

Influence of Accounting Policies on Our Financial Position
For more information about our accounting policies, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (3).

There are no off-balance sheet financial instruments, such as
sale-and-lease-back transactions, asset-backed securities, and
liabilities related to structured entities, which are not disclosed
in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

SEGMENT INFORMATION

In the first quarter of 2014, we took significant steps to drive
forward our strategy and our ambition to become THE cloud
company powered by SAP HANA. To execute this strategy, we
merged certain areas of the company that performed similar
tasks (for example, the on-premise sales forces with the cloud
sales force, and the on-premise support units with the cloud
support units) to achieve the seamless organization of SAP.

94

Since this integration and in the entire year 2014, our cloud-
related activities were no longer handled by separate
components in our Company. Our Executive Board assesses
the financial performance of our Company on an integrated
basis only. Consequently, SAP had one single operating
segment in 2014.

For more information about the changes to our segment
reporting, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (29).

PERFORMANCE AGAINST OUTLOOK FOR 2014
(NON-IFRS)

Our 2014 operating profit-related internal management goals
and published outlook were based on our non-IFRS financial
measures. For this reason, in this section we discuss performance
against our outlook referring solely to these non-IFRS financial
measures. All discussion in the Operating Results (IFRS)
section, however, is in terms of measures in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by

the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and the
numbers in that section are not explicitly identified as IFRS
measures.

Starting in the second quarter of 2014, we additionally adjusted
our non-IFRS operating expense by excluding the expenses
resulting from the Versata litigation. (For more information about
this litigation, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (24)). Prior-year amounts have been
adjusted accordingly. We exclude the Versata litigation
expenses to provide additional insight into the comparability of
our ongoing operating performance across periods and to
continue the alignment of our non-IFRS measures with our
internal performance measures.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 40 ---

Guidance for 2014 (Non-IFRS)

At the beginning of 2014, we gave the guidance that our cloud
subscription and support revenue (non-IFRS) will increase to
between €950 million and €1 billion (2013: €757 million) at
constant currencies. For our software and software-related
service revenue (non-IFRS) for 2014, we forecasted an increase
of between 6% and 8% at constant currencies (2013: €14,032
million). We expected our full-year operating profit (non-IFRS)
for 2014 to be between €5.8 billion and €6.0 billion (2013:
€5.48 billion) at constant currencies. We anticipated an effective
tax rate (IFRS) of between 26.0% and 27.0% (2013: 24.4%)
and an effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of between 27.5% and
28.5% (2013: 25.9%).

In April, we confirmed the guidance for 2014 that we had published
in January 2014. In July, we increased our outlook for cloud
subscription and support revenue (non-IFRS) to between
€1,000 million and €1,050 million (2013: €757 million) at
constant currencies.

Based on the strong momentum in SAP’s cloud business, we
raised our cloud outlook again in October and expected non-
IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue to be in a range
of €1,040 million to €1,070 million at constant currencies
(2013: €757 million). With the customer-driven mix shift from
upfront to cloud subscription revenue we expected full-year
2014 non-IFRS operating profit to be in a range of €5.6 billion
to €5.8 billion (previously €5.8 billion to €6.0 billion) at
constant currencies (2013: €5.48 billion). We confirmed our
predictions for software and software-related service revenue
(non-IFRS at constant currencies) and for the anticipated
effective tax rates.

Actual Performance in 2014 Compared to Guidance
(Non-IFRS)

We achieved or exceeded the amended outlook guidance for
revenue and operating profit we published in October.

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

Comparison of Forecast and Results for 2014

Forecast for 2014 Results for 2014
Cloud subscription and support €1,040 million to €1,098 million
revenue (non-IFRS, at constant €1,070 million

currencies)"

Software and software-related +6% to +8% +7%
service revenue (non-IFRS,

at constant currencies)

Operating profit (non-IFRS, €5.6 billion to €5.63 billion
at constant currencies)” €5.8 billion

Effective tax rate (IFRS) 26.0% to 27.0% 24.7%
Effective tax rate (non-IFRS) 27.5% to 28.5% 26.1%

» Revised forecast (October 2014),

Despite ongoing economic uncertainty throughout 2014, our
new and existing customers continued to show a strong
willingness to invest in our solutions. We saw a strong impetus
toward growth in the cloud business.

At constant currencies, non-IFRS cloud subscription and
support revenue grew from €757 million in 2013 to €1,098
million in 2014. That represents an increase of 45% at constant
currencies. The increase includes effects relating to
acquisitions not included, or not included in full, in the 2013
amount. These acquisition-related effects account for 13
percentage points in the increase. The increase in our cloud
subscription and support revenue led to an increase in our
annual cloud revenue run rate to €1,716 million (2013: €1,016
million), with Concur and Fieldglass having together
contributed €0.3 billion to the 2014 run rate. In 2014, we began
to use the sum of non-IFRS fourth-quarter cloud subscription
and support revenue (€360 million) and fourth-quarter non-
IFRS cloud-related professional services and other service
revenue (€69 million), multiplied by four, to calculate our annual
cloud revenue run rate.

95


--- Page 41 ---

Our non-IFRS software and software-related services revenue
grew 7% at constant currencies to €14,984 million (2013:
€14,032 million).

Despite adverse economic conditions weighing on business in
Russia and Ukraine, our performance in the Europe, Middle
East, and Africa (EMEA) region was again sound. Non-IFRS
software and software-related service revenue grew 6% (7% at
constant currencies) and non-IFRS cloud subscription and
support revenue increased 58% (57% at constant currencies)
in the EMEA region. In the Americas region, non-IFRS software
and software-related service revenue increased 6% (7% at
constant currencies), with strong growth in the United States.
The economic and political environment in Latin America
remained difficult. Our non-IFRS cloud subscription and
support revenue increased 39% (39% at constant currencies)
in the Americas region. In the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region,
our non-IFRS software and software-related service revenue
increased 4% (7% at constant currencies). Non-IFRS cloud
subscription and support revenue increased 59% (60% at
constant currencies) in the APJ region.

In 2014, we achieved a non-IFRS operating profit of €5,628
million at constant currencies. Thus, constant currency non-
IFRS operating profit was within the range (€5.6 billion to €5.8
billion) we had expected in our updated outlook.

We achieved an effective tax rate (IFRS) of 24.7% and an
effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of 26.1%, which is below the
outlook of 26.0% to 27.0% (IFRS) and 27.5% to 28.5% (non-
IFRS). The reduction mainly results from the regional
allocation of income, from tax effects on changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, and from taxes for prior years.

96

OPERATING RESULTS (IFRS)

This section on operating results (IFRS) discusses results only
in terms of IFRS measures, so the IFRS numbers are not
expressly identified as such.

We acquired Concur Technologies in December 2014, so
Concur results are incorporated in our 2014 results only for
December. We acquired Fieldglass in May 2014, so Fieldglass
results are incorporated in our 2014 results only for May to
December. Similarly, because we acquired hybris in August
2013, hybris results are incorporated in our 2013 results

only for August to December.

Revenue

Total Revenue

Total revenue increased from €16,815 million in 2013 to
€17,560 million in 2014, representing an increase of €746 million,
or 4%. This growth reflects a 5% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects.
The growth in revenue resulted primarily from a €391 million
increase in cloud subscription and support revenue and a €631
million rise in support revenue. Consulting revenue declined
€147 million and software revenue declined €117 million.
Software and software-related service revenue climbed to
€14,855 million in 2014, an increase of 6%. Software and
software-related service revenue represented 85% of total
revenue in 2014 (2013: 83%). Professional services and

other service revenue declined 6% from €2,865 million in 2013
to €2,706 million, which was 15% of total revenue, in 2014.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 42 ---

Cloud Subscriptions and Support Revenue by Region
(based on customer location)

€ millions
14 18 270 696 1,087
64
27
0 °
4 5
176
10 13 32
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

EMEA region i Americas region © APJ region

For more information about the breakdown of total revenue by
region and industry, see the Revenue by Region and Industry
section below.

Software and Software-Related Service Revenue
Software revenue results from the fees earned from

selling or licensing software to customers. Revenue from cloud
subscriptions and support refers to the income earned from

contracts that permit the customer to access specific software

solutions hosted by SAP during the term of its contract with
SAP. Support revenue represents fees earned from providing
technical support services and unspecified software upgrades,
updates, and enhancements to customers.

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

Cloud subscription and support revenue increased from €696
million in 2013 to €1,087 million in 2014.

Deferred cloud subscription and support revenue totaled €690
million on December 31, 2014, an increase of 56% (December
31, 2013: €443 million).

The revenue share from more predictable cloud subscription
and support revenue together with support revenue increased
to 60% (2013: 56%) of total revenue.

Acombination of a challenging macroeconomic and political
environment in Russia, Ukraine, and some Latin American
markets and the accelerating industry shift to the cloud resulted
ina €117 million decline in software revenue. That decline,

from €4,516 million in 2013 to €4,399 million in 2014, reflects a
3% decrease from changes in volumes and prices.

Software and Software-Related Service Revenue by Region
(based on customer location)

€ millions
9,794 11,319 13,165 13,950 14,855
2,237
2,250
1,832
1,484
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

THLEMEA region iti Americas region ! APJ region

97


--- Page 43 ---

Our customer base continued to expand in 2014. Based on the
number of contracts concluded, 12% of the orders we received
for software in 2014 were from new customers (2013: 16%).
The total value of software orders received declined 3% year-
over-year. The total number of contracts signed for new
software decreased 3% to 54,120 (2013: 55,909 contracts),
while the average order value increased by 1%. Of all our
software orders received in 2014, 22% were attributed to deals
worth more than €5 million (2013: 24%), while 44% were
attributed to deals worth less than €1 million (2013: 44%).

Our stable customer base, continued investment in software by
customers throughout 2014 and the previous year, and the
continued success of our premium support offerings resulted
in an increase in support revenue from €8,738 million in 2013

to €9,368 million in 2014. The SAP Enterprise Support services
offering was the largest contributor to our support revenue.
The €631 million, or 7%, growth in support revenue reflects a
9% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1%
decrease from currency effects. This growth is primarily
attributable to SAP Product Support for Large Enterprises,
SAP Enterprise Support, and our premium offerings. The
acceptance rate for SAP Enterprise Support among new
customers remained high at 98% in 2014.

Software and support revenue rose €514 million, or 4%, from
€13,254 million in 2013 to €13,767 million in 2014. This growth
breaks down into a 5% increase from changes in volumes and
prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects.

Software and software-related service revenue grew from
€13,950 million in 2013 to €14,855 million in 2014, an increase
of 6%. This reflects a 7% increase from changes in volumes
and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects.

98

Professional Services and Other Service Revenue
Professional services and other service revenue consists
primarily of consulting and other service revenue. We generate
most of our consulting revenue from the implementation of
our software products. Other service revenue consists mainly
of revenue from messaging services and of training revenue
from educational services supplied to customers and partners
on the use of our software products and related subjects.

Professional services and other service revenue decreased
€159 million, or 6%, from €2,865 million in 2013 to €2,706
million in 2014. This decline reflects a 4% decrease from changes
in volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency
effects.

Customers’ cautious buying behavior toward large services
projects led to a decline in consulting revenue from €2,242
million in 2013 to €2,095 million in 2014, a decrease of €147
million, or 7%. This decline reflects a 5% decrease from
changes in volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency
effects. Consulting revenue contributed 77% of the total
professional services and other service revenue (2013: 78%).
Consulting revenue contributed 12% of total revenue in 2014
(2013: 13%).

Revenue from other services decreased €12 million, or 2%, to
€611 million in 2014 (2013: €623 million). This reflects

a1% decrease from changes in volumes and prices and a 1%
decrease from currency changes.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 44 ---

Revenue by Region and Industry

Revenue by Region

We break our operations down into three regions: the Europe,
Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the Americas region,
and the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. We allocate revenue
amounts to each region based on where the customer is

located. For more information about revenue by geographic region,

see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (29).

Total Revenue by Region (based on customer location)
€ millions

12,464 14,233 16,223 16,815 17,560
2,606
2,650
2,151
1,766
7,512 7,975
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

EMEA region li Americas region |» APJ region

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

EMEA Region

In 2014, the EMEA region generated €8,383 million in revenue,
which was 48% of total revenue (2013: €7,975; 47%). This
represents a year-over-year increase of 5%. Revenue in Germany
increased 2% to €2,570 million in 2014 (2013: €2,513 million).
Germany contributed 31% (2013: 32%) of all EMEA region
revenue. The remaining revenue in the EMEA region was primarily
generated in France, Italy, the Netherlands, Russia, Switzerland,
and the United Kingdom. Software and software-related
service revenue generated in the EMEA region in 2014 totaled
€7,028 million (2013: €6,616 million). Software and software-
related service revenue represented 84% of all revenue in the
region in 2014 (2013: 83%). Cloud subscription revenue rose
58% to €277 million in 2014 (2013: €176 million). This growth
reflects a 57% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 1% increase from currency effects. Software and support
revenue rose 5% to €6,751 million in 2014 (2013: €6,440
million). This growth reflects a 6% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects.

Americas Region

In 2014, 37% of our total revenue was generated in the
Americas region (2013: 37%). Total revenue in the Americas
region increased 4% to €6,489 million; revenue generated in
the United States increased 9% to €4,898 million. This growth
reflects an 8% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 1% increase from currency effects. The United States
contributed 75% (2013: 72%) of all revenue generated in the
Americas region. In the remaining countries of the Americas
region, revenue declined 9% to €1,591 million. This reflects a
5% decrease from changes in volumes and prices and a 4%
decrease from currency effects. This revenue was principally
generated in Brazil, Canada, and Mexico. Software ani
software-related service revenue generated in the Americas
region in 2014 totaled €5,489 million (2013: €5,097 million).
Software and software-related service revenue represented
85% of all revenue in the Americas region in 2014 (2013: 82%).
Cloud subscription revenue rose by 55% to €709 million in
2014 (2013: €457 million); currency effects were 0%. Software
and support revenue rose 3% to €4,780 million in 2014

(2013: €4,641 million). This growth reflects a 3% increase from
changes in volumes and prices; currency effects were 0%.

99


--- Page 45 ---

APJ Region

In 2014, 15% (2013: 15%) of our total revenue was generated in
the APJ region, with the strongest revenue growth being
achieved in Australia. Total revenue in the APJ region increased
3% to €2,688 million. In Japan, revenue decreased 5% to
€600 million. Revenue from Japan was 22% (2013: 24%) of all
revenue generated in the APJ region. The decline in revenue
from Japan was attributable to a 2% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 7% decrease from currency effects.

In the remaining countries of the APJ region, revenue increased
6%. Revenue in the remaining countries of the APJ region was
generated primarily in Australia, China, and India. Software and
software-related service revenue in the APJ region totaled
€2,337 million in 2014 (2013: €2,237 million). That was 87% of
all revenue from the region (2013: 86%). Cloud subscription
revenue grew 59% to €101 million in 2014 (2013: €64 million).
This growth reflects a 60% increase from changes in volumes
and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects. Software
and support revenue increased 3% to €2,236 million in 2014
(2013: €2,173 million). This increase reflects a 5% increase
from changes in volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from
currency effects.

Revenue by Industry

We allocate our customers to one of our industries at the
outset of an initial arrangement. All subsequent revenue from a
particular customer is recorded under that industry sector.

100

Revenue by Industry

€ millions
Services Energy and Natural
2,824 4,158

Discrete
Manufacturing

3,051

Financial Services r~
1,697

Public Services

Consumer

In 2014 we achieved above-average growth in the following
industry sectors, measured by changes in total revenue:
Services (€2,824 million, at a growth rate of 7%); Consumer
(€4,045 million, at a growth rate of 7%); Public Services
(€1,786 million, at a growth rate of 6%); and Financial Services
(€1,697 million, at a growth rate of 4%). Revenue from the
other industry sectors: Energy and Natural Resources (€4,158
million, at a growth rate of 2%); and Discrete Manufacturing
(€3,051 million, at a growth rate of 2%).

Operating Profit and Operating Margin

In 2014, SAP continued to invest in innovation and made
substantial advances in the cloud business. In addition and
among other influences, negative currency effects and

the difficult economic situation in Latin America and Russia
affected our profitability. As a result, our operating profit in
2014 was €4,331 million, a little less than in the previous year
(2013: €4,479 million).

In 2014, our operating expenses increased €894 million or 7%
to €13,230 million (2013: €12,336 million). The increase relates
primarily to an expense in connection with the TomorrowNow
and Versata litigation, restructuring costs, continuing
investment in our sales organization, and a rise in personnel
and infrastructure costs, especially for our cloud business.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 46 ---

The effect of acquisition-related expenses, which were €562
million (2013: €555 million), of restructuring expenses, which
were €126 million (2013: €70 million), and of a €309 million
expense relating to the TomorrowNow and Versata litigation
weighed more heavily on operating profit than in the previous
year. Continuing investment in sales activities around the world
and in the cloud also affected operating profit. Our employee
headcount (measured in full-time equivalents, or FTEs)
increased 7,834 year-over-year. Acquisitions accounted for
more than 5,500 of the added FTEs.

Operating Profit
€ millions | change since previous year

2,591 4,884 4,041 4,479 4,331
+0% +89% -17% +11% -3%
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Operating Margin
Percent | change since previous year
20.8 34.3 24.9 26.6 24.7
-3.5Pp +13.5 Pp -9.4Pp +1.7Pp -2.0Pp
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

Those negative effects on operating profit were in part offset by
the reduced cost of share-based compensation programs
totaling €290 million (2013: €327 million) resulting from the
declining year-over-year performance of the stock and by
savings in general administration costs.

The overall result of these effects on operating profit was
a 2.0 percentage point narrowing of our operating margin in
2014 to 24.7% (2013: 26.6%).

Changes to the individual elements in our cost of revenue
were as follows:

Cost of Software and Software-Related Services

Cost of software and software-related services consists
primarily of customer support costs, cost of developing
custom solutions that address customers’ specific business
requirements, costs for deploying and operating cloud
solutions, amortization expenses relating to intangibles, and
license fees and commissions paid to third parties for
databases and the other complementary third-party products
sublicensed by us to our customers.

In 2014, the cost of software and software-related services
increased 10% to €2,894 million (2013: €2,629 million).

Significant costs included an additional €180 million to extend
our cloud business, especially outside the United States,

with an associated increase in the expense of delivering and
operating cloud applications, and a €112 million rise in

the cost of providing customer support. They both represent
investments that contributed to revenue growth. Our margin
on cloud subscriptions and support widened 0.9 percentage
points to 55.8% (2013: 54.8%). This improvement in margin
was achieved primarily through strong growth in our cloud
subscription and support revenue and despite the increased
expense we incurred to extend our cloud infrastructure. At the
same time, the license fees we pay to third parties decreased
by €49 million.

101


--- Page 47 ---

The gross margin on our software and software-related
services, defined as software and software-related services
profit as a percentage of software and software-related
services revenue, remained constant year-over-year at 81% in
2014 (2013: 81%).

Cost of Professional Services and Other Services

Cost of professional services and other services consists
primarily of the cost of consulting and training personnel and
the cost of bought-in third-party consulting and training
resources. This item also includes sales and marketing expenses
for our professional services and other services resulting

from sales and marketing efforts where those efforts cannot be
clearly distinguished from providing the professional services
and other services.

Our consulting business is being greatly affected as we trend
away from classic software licensing and consulting revenue
toward more subscription revenue from cloud solutions. As a
result, both our professional and other services revenue and
our professional and other services expense decreased. We
reduced costs for professional and other services 1% from
€2,402 million in 2013 to €2,379 million in 2014. Our gross
margin on professional and other services, defined as
professional and other services profit as a percentage of
professional and other services revenue, narrowed to

12% (2013: 16%).

Research and Development Expense

Our research and development (R&D) expense consists
primarily of the personnel cost of our R&D employees, costs
incurred for independent contractors we retain to assist in

our R&D activities, and amortization of the computer hardware
and software we use for our R&D activities.

Although our personnel costs grew because of the 6% increase
in our headcount by the end of the year, our R&D expense
increased only 2% to €2,331 million in 2014 from €2,282
million in 2013. R&D expense as a percentage of total revenue
was slightly less year-over-year at 13.3% (2013: 13.6%). For
more information, see the Products, Research & Development,
and Services section.

102

Sales and Marketing Expense

Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel
costs, direct sales costs, and the cost of marketing our
products and services.

Our sales and marketing expense rose 4% from €4,131 million
in 2013 to €4,304 million in 2014. The increase was mainly

the result of greater personnel costs as we expanded our global
sales force and of the reallocation and re-tasking of employees
to sales-related work. By increasing our sales force we
accelerated our revenue growth. The ratio of sales and marketing
expense to total revenue, expressed as a percentage,
decreased slightly to 24.5% year-over-year (2013: 24.6%)
because costs grew less rapidly than revenue.

General and Administration Expense

Our general and administration expense consists mainly of
personnel costs to support our finance and administration
functions.

General and administration expense increased 3% from €866
million in 2013 to €892 million in 2014. That this increase was
modest compared to the growth in our revenue is primarily the
result of careful cost management. The ratio of general and
administration expense to total revenue was unchanged in
2014 at 5% (2013: 5%).

Financial Income, Net

Financial income, net, changed to —€25 million

(2013: -€66 million). Our finance income was €127 million
(2013: €115 million) and our finance costs were

€152 million (2013: €181 million).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 48 ---

Finance income mainly consists of interest income from loans,
financial assets (cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments) and income of derivatives. This increase is
attributable to a higher average liquidity and slightly

higher interest rates than in 2013.

Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial
liabilities (€93 million in 2014 compared to €131 million in
2013). The decrease year-over-year is mainly due to positive
effects from interest rate derivatives and due to lower average
indebtedness. For more information about these financing
instruments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (18b).

Income Tax

Our effective tax rate increased slightly to 24.7% in 2014 (2013:

24.4%). For more information, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (11).

Profit After Tax and Earnings per Share
Profit after tax remained almost constant year over year at
€3,280 million in 2014 (2013: €3,325 million).

Profit After Tax

€ millions | change since previous year

1,813 3,437 2,803 3,325 3,280
+4% +90% -18% +19% -1%
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

Basic earnings per share decreased slightly to €2.75 (2013:
€2.79). The number of shares outstanding increased to 1,195
million in 2014 (2013: 1,193 million).

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

Earnings per Share

€ | change since previous year

1.52 2.89 2.35 2.79 2.75

+3% +90% -19% +18% -2%

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Dividend

We believe our shareholders should benefit appropriately
from the profit the Company made in 2014. Until now, our
policy has been to distribute more than 30% of profit after tax
in dividend. In practice however, the payout has been greater
than 35% of profit after tax in all recent years. We are therefore
amending our policy, which from now on will be to pay a
dividend totaling more than 35% of profit after tax.

The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board will therefore
recommend to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
that the total dividend be increased by 10% to €1.10 per share
(2013: €1.00). Based on this recommendation, the overall
dividend payout ratio (which here means total distributed
dividend as a percentage of profit) would be 40% (2013: 36%).

If the shareholders approve this recommendation and if treasury
shares remain at the 2014 closing level, the total amount
distributed in dividends would be €1,315 million. The actual
amount distributed may be different from this total because
the number of shares held in treasury may change before the
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Transactions related
to share-based payments could also change the amount

of common stock. In 2014, we distributed €1,194 million in
dividends from our 2013 profit. In 2014 and 2013, we did

not repurchase any SAP treasury shares.

103


--- Page 49 ---

Dividend per Share

€ | change since previous year

0.60 1.10 0.85 1.00 1.10
+20% +83% -23% +18% +10%
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

In 2011, in addition to the regular dividend of €0.75 per share,
we rewarded our shareholders with a special dividend of €0.35
per share to celebrate our 40th anniversary.

FINANCES (IFRS)
Overview

Global Financial Management

We use global centralized financial management to control
liquid assets and monitor exposure to interest rates and
currencies. The primary aim of our financial management is to
maintain liquidity in the Group at a level that is adequate to
meet our obligations. Most SAP companies have their liquidity
managed centrally by the Group, so that liquid assets across
the Group can be consolidated, monitored, and invested in
accordance with Group policy. High levels of liquid assets help
keep SAP flexible, sound, and independent. In addition, various
credit facilities are currently available for additional liquidity,

if required. For more information about these facilities, see the
Credit Facilities section.

We manage credit, liquidity, interest rate, equity price, and
foreign exchange rate risks on a Group-wide basis. We use
selected derivatives exclusively for this purpose and not for
speculation, which is defined as entering into a derivative

instrument for which we do not have a corresponding underlying

transaction. The rules for the use of derivatives and other
rules and processes concerning the management of financial

104

risks are collected in our treasury guideline document, which
applies globally to all companies in the Group. For more
information about the management of each financial risk and
about our risk exposure, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Notes (25) to (27).

Liquidity Management

Our primary source of cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments is funds generated from our business operations.
Over the past several years, our principal use of cash has

been to support operations and our capital expenditure
requirements resulting from our growth, to quickly repay
financial debt, to acquire businesses, to pay dividends on our
shares, and to buy back SAP shares on the open market.

On December 31, 2014, our cash, cash equivalents, and current
investments were primarily held in euros and U.S. dollars. We
generally invest only in the financial assets of issuers or funds
with a minimum credit rating of BBB, and pursue a policy of
cautious investment characterized by wide portfolio diversification
with a variety of counterparties, predominantly short-term
investments, and standard investment instruments. We rarely
invest in the financial assets of issuers with a credit rating
lower than BBB, and such investments were not material in 2014.

We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn
credit facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating
needs and, together with expected cash flows from operations,
will support debt repayments and our currently planned

capital expenditure requirements over the near term and medium
term. It may also be necessary to enter into financing
transactions when additional funds are required that cannot be
wholly sourced from free cash flow (for example, to finance
large acquisitions).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 50 ---

To expand our business, we have made acquisitions of
businesses, products, and technologies. Depending on our
future cash position and future market conditions, we
might issue additional debt instruments to fund acquisitions,
maintain financial flexibility, and limit repayment risk.
Therefore, we continuously monitor funding options available
in the capital markets and trends in the availability of funds,
as well as the cost of such funding. In recent years we were
able to repay additional debt within a short period of time due
to our persistently strong free cash flow. For more information
about the financial debt, see the Cash Flows and Liquidity
section.

Capital Structure Management

The primary objective of our capital structure management

is to maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor,
and customer confidence, and to support the growth of our
business. We seek to maintain a capital structure that will allow
us to cover our funding requirements through the capital
markets at reasonable conditions, and in doing so, ensure a
high level of independence, confidence, and financial flexibility.

Capital Structure

After undergoing an external credit rating process, on
September 19, 2014, SAP SE was assigned a first-time long-
term issuer credit rating of “A2” by Moody’s and “A” by
Standard & Poor's, both with the outlook “Stable.”

Our general intention is to remain in a position to return excess
liquidity to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends
and potentially repurchasing shares. The amount of future
dividends and the extent of future repurchases of shares will be
balanced with our effort to continue to maintain an adequate
liquidity position.

In 2014, we took out a two-tranche bank loan of €4,270 million
in total and issued a three-tranche Eurobond of €2,750 million

in total with maturities of four to 12 years to finance the acquisition
of Concur. In addition a €500 million short-term bank loan

was taken for the acquisition of Fieldglass and was repaid in the
same year. We also repaid a €500 million Eurobond and the
last tranche of the promissory notes amounting to €86 million.
Thus, the ratio of total financial debt to total equity and
liabilities increased by 13 percentage points to 29% at the end
of 2014 (16% as at December 31, 2013).

2014 2013 Change (in %)
€ millions % of Total equity € millions % of Total equity
and liabilities and liabilities
Equity 19,598 51 16,048 59 22
Current liabilities 8,544 22 6,347 23 35
Non-current liabilities 10,366 27 4,695 17 121
Liabilities 18,909 49 11,043 41 71
Total equity and liabilities _ 38507 «100 27,091 100 42
Financial Performance: Review and Analysis 105


--- Page 51 ---

Total financial debt consists of current and non-current bank
loans, bonds and private placements. For more information
about our financial debt, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Note (18).

As part of our financing activities, in 2015, the Company
intends to repay a €550 million Eurobond as well as a US$300
million U.S. private placement tranche when they mature.
Furthermore, we are planning to repay a substantial portion of
our outstanding bank loans.

Total liabilities on December 31, 2014, mainly comprised
financial liabilities of €11,542 million (of which €8,980 million
are non-current). Financial liabilities on December 31, 2014,
consisted largely of financial debt, which included amounts in
euros (€8,799 million) and U.S. dollars (€2,276 million). On
December 31, 2014, approximately 70% of financial debt was
held at variable interest rates, partially swapped from fixed into
variable using interest rate swaps. Total liabilities on December
31, 2014, also comprised non-financial liabilities. Most of
these non-financial liabilities result from employee-related
obligations.

For more information about financial and non-financial liabilities,

see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (18).

CASH FLOWS AND LIQUIDITY

Group liquidity on December 31, 2014, primarily comprised
amounts in euros and U.S. dollars. Current investments are
included in other financial assets in the statement of financial
position. Financial debts are included within financial liabilities
in the statement of financial position.

106

Group Liquidity of the SAP Group

€ millions
2014 2013 Change

Cash and cash equivalents 3,328 2,748 580
Current investments 95 93 2
Group liquidity 3,423 2,841 582
Current financial debt =2,157 586 -1,571
Net liquidity 1 1,266 2,255 989
Non-current financial debt 8,936 -3,722 5.214
Net liquidity 2 (ee -1.467 =6,203

Group liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents (for
example, cash at banks, money market funds, and time deposits
with original maturity of three months or less) and current
investments (for example, investments with original maturities
of greater than three months and remaining maturities of

less than one year) as reported in our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Net liquidity is Group liquidity less total financial debt as
defined above.

The increase in Group liquidity compared to 2013 was mainly
financing activities in issuing bonds. They were partly offset by
cash outflows for acquisitions (such as Concur and Fieldglass),
dividend payments, and loan repayments.

For information about the impact of cash, cash equivalents,
current investments, and our financial liabilities on our income
statements, see the analysis of our financial income, net,

in the Operating Results (IFRS) section.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 52 ---

Group Liquidity Development

€ millions
Group Operating Proceeds from Capital Acquisitions Dividends Repayments Other Group
Liquidity Cash Flow Borrowings Expenditure Paid of Borrowings Liquidity
12/31/2013 12/31/2014
43,499 2,062 +45
2,841 3,423

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow

€ millions

2014 2013 Change (in %)
Net cash flows from operating 3,499 3,832 -9
activities
Net cash flows from investing 7,240 -1,781 >100
activities
Net cash flows from financing 4,298 -1,589 >100

activities

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 9% year-
over-year to €3,499 million in 2014 (2013: €3,832 million).
Payments in connection with the TomorrowNow and Versata
litigation had a €555 million negative effect on net cash
provided by operating activities. A €61 million increase to
€1,356 million in our income tax payments also negatively
affected net cash provided by operating activities. In 2014, days’

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

sales outstanding (DSO) for receivables, defined as the average
number of days from the raised invoice to cash receipt from
the customer, increased three days to 65 days (2013: 62 days).

Cash outflows from investment activities increased significantly
to €7,240 million in 2014 (2013: €1,781 million). The increase
resulted principally from the Concur, Fieldglass, and SeeWhy
acquisitions. For more information about current and planned
capital expenditures, see the Assets and Investment Goals
sections.

Net cash inflows from financing activities were €4,298 million
in 2014, compared to net cash outflows of €1,589 million in
2013. Cash inflows in 2014 were the result of issuing a €2,750
bond and drawing two tranches (of €1,270 million and €3,000
million) of a loan. Cash outflows arose chiefly from repayments
of borrowings (€1,086 million) and the repayment of
convertible bonds that we assumed in connection with our
acquisition of Concur (US$1,160 million). The 2013 cash
outflows had resulted chiefly from dividends paid and the
repayment of a €600 million bond.

107


--- Page 53 ---

The dividend payment of €1,194 million made in 2014 was
greater than that of €1,013 million in the prior year because the
dividend paid per share increased from €0.85 to €1.00.

Credit Facilities
Other sources of capital are available to us through various
credit facilities, if required.

We are party to a revolving €2.0 billion credit facility contract
with a current tenor of five years plus one extension option

for an additional year. The credit line may be used for general
corporate purposes. A possible future withdrawal is not bound
to any financial covenants. Borrowings under the facility

bear interest at the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) or
London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) for the respective
optional currency plus a margin ranging from 0.3% to 0.525%.
We pay a commitment fee of 0.079% per annum on unused
amounts of the available credit facility. So far, we have not used
and do not currently foresee any need to use this credit facility.

As at December 31, 2014, SAP SE had additional available
credit facilities totaling €471 million. Several of our foreign
subsidiaries have credit facilities available that allow them to
borrow funds in their local currencies at prevailing interest
rates, generally to the extent SAP SE has guaranteed such
amounts. As at December 31, 2014, approximately €54 million
was available through such arrangements. There were
immaterial borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities
from our foreign subsidiaries as at December 31, 2014.

ASSETS (IFRS)

Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
Total assets increased by 42% year over year to €38,507
million.

108

Breakdown of Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
Percent

Assets Liabilities
27 23 23 22
73 77 18 27
59 51
2013 2014 2013 2014

Short term lf Long term i Shareholders’ equity

Total current assets increased by 22% in 2014 from €7,351
million to €8,980 million. This was mainly due to an increase in
cash and cash equivalents to €3,328 million (2013: €2,748
million) stemming from cash inflows from our operating activities.

Total non-current assets increased by 50% in 2014 to €29,527
million compared to the previous year's figure of €19,739
million. This change was mainly due to additions to goodwill
and intangible assets, resulting from the acquisitions of
Concur, Fieldglass and SeeWhy.

Investment in Goodwill, Intangible Assets or Property, Plant, and
Equipment (incl. Capitalizations due to Acquisitions)
€ millions | change since previous year

5,502 657 6,859 1,812 8,636
+1,740% -88% +944% -74% +377%
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

Combined Management Report


--- Page 54 ---

Current liabilities increased by 35% to €8,544 million in 2014
as compared to the prior year (€6,347 million) which is mainly
due to a short-term bank loan we took to finance the Concur
acquisition.

The increase in total non-current liabilities from €4,695 million
in 2013 to €10,366 million in 2014 was due mainly to financing
activities. We took a long-term bank loan and issued a three-
tranche Eurobond, both in connection with the Concur acquisition.
For more information about financing activities in 2014, see

the Finances (IFRS) section.

Such financing activities lowered the equity ratio (that is, the
ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets) down to 51%,
compared to 59% of the prior year.

Equity Ratio
Percent | change since previous year

47 55 54 59 51
-16Pp +8Pp -1Pp +5 Pp -8Pp
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures

Currently in Progress

In 2014, we started construction activities in several locations.
We aim to extend our office space to be able to cover future
growth. We plan to cover all of these projects in full from operating
cash flow. The most important projects are:

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

— In Bangalore, India, we want to add additional capacity of
roughly 2,500 employees. We estimate the total cost to be
approximately €49 million, of which we had paid approximately
€3 million as of December 31, 2014. We expect to complete
the construction of this office building in 2016.

— In Ra'anana, Israel, we commenced construction of

anew building. We estimate the total cost of this project

to be approximately €54 million, of which we had paid

approximately €15 million as of December 31, 2014. We expect

to complete the construction of this office building in 2016.

— In our research center in Potsdam, Germany, we started with

asecond construction phase in order to realize additional

capacity for approximately 150 employees. With the extension
of our research center we aim to create the general
conditions for further teams contributing innovations to SAP
roducts in miscellaneous fields. We estimate the total

cost to be approximately €15 million, of which we had paid

approximately €4 million as of December 31, 2014. We expect

to complete the construction of this office building in 2016.

— In New York City, New York, United States, we started
planning the leasehold improvements for our new office space.
The project includes the consolidation of our New York City
offices for approximately 450 employees. We estimate the total
capital expenditures for this project to be approximately
€31 million, of which we had paid approximately €1 million as
of December 31, 2014. We expect to complete the leasehold
improvements in 2016.

— In Paris, France, we started an office consolidation project.
The project aims to consolidate three office spaces in Paris
into one office space. We estimate the total cost of the
leasehold improvements to be approximately €32 million. We
expect to complete the leasehold improvements in 2015.

— In Dubai, United Arab Emirates, we started an office
consolidation project including an expansion of office space
adding additional capacity for 100 employees. We estimate
the total cost to be approximately €11 million. We expect to
complete the leasehold improvements in 2016.

For more information about planned capital expenditures, see
the Investment Goals section. There were no material
divestitures within the reporting period.

109


--- Page 55 ---

COMPETITIVE INTANGIBLES

The resources that are the basis for our current as well as
future success do not appear on the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position. This is apparent from a comparison of
the market capitalization of SAP SE (based on all outstanding
shares), which was €71.6 billion at the end of 2014 (2013: €76.5
billion), with the book value of our equity on the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position, which was €19.6 billion
(2013: €16.0 billion). This means that the market capitalization
of our equity is more than three times higher than the book
value. The difference is mainly due to certain internally generated
intangible resources that the applicable accounting standards
do not allow to be recorded (at all or at fair value) on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. They include
customer capital (our customer base and customer relations),
employees and their knowledge and skills, our ecosystem

of partners, software we developed ourselves, our ability to
innovate, the brands we have built up — in particular, the
SAP brand itself - and our organization. On December 31, 2014,
SAP ranked fourth of the most valuable companies in Germany
in terms of market capitalization based on all outstanding
shares. According to the Interbrand “Best Global Brands” annual
survey, SAP ranked again the 25th most valued brand in the
world (2013: 25th). Against other German brands, the SAP brand
ranks third behind Mercedes-Benz and BMW, and 9th globally
against other IT brands. Interbrand determined our brand value
as US$173 billion, an increase of 4% compared to the previous
year (2013: US$16.7 billion).

The results of our current and past investment in research and
development are also a significant element in our competitive
intangibles.

110

Our customer capital continued to grow in 2014. We gained
more than 28,500 new customers in various market segments
and strengthened our existing customer relationships. To help
us improve insight into our customers’ view of SAP, in 2012 we
began measuring our Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS),
ametric that gives a more complete picture of customer loyalty
as it answers the question of how likely our customers would
be to recommend SAP. For more information about our new
customers and NPS, see the Customers section.

Employee-related activities increased the value of our
employee base and our own software. For more information,
see the Employees and Social Performance section and the
Products, Research & Development, and Services section. We
also increased the value of our partner ecosystem by
continuing to develop sales and development partnerships.

REPORT ON THE ECONOMIC POSITION OF SAP SE
SAP SE is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany, and is the
parent company of the SAP Group, which comprises 288
companies. SAP SE is the Group holding company and
employs most of the Group’s Germany-based development
and service and support personnel.

As the owner of the intellectual property in most SAP software,
SAP SE derives its revenue mainly from software license fees
paid by its subsidiaries for the right to market SAP solutions.

The SAP SE annual financial statements are prepared in
accordance with the reporting standards in the German
Commercial Code and the German Stock Corporation Act. The
full SAP SE annual financial report and unqualified audit
report are submitted to the operator of the Elektronischer
Bundesanzeiger (Online German Federal Gazette) for
publication and inclusion in the Unternehmensregister (German
Business Register). It is available from SAP SE on request.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 56 ---

Income
The income statement uses the nature of expense method and
presents amounts in millions of euros.

SAP SE Income Statement - German Commercial Code

(Short Version)
€ millions

2014 2013
Total revenue 8,957 8,413
Other operating income 722 893
Cost of services and materials —3,099 —2,896
Personnel expenses -1,476 -1,390
Depreciation and amortization -272 -309
Other operating expenses -2,697 -2,197
Operating profit 2,135 2,514
Finance income 921 825
Income from ordinary activities 3,056 3,339
Income taxes 749 834
Net income _2.307° 2,505

The total revenue of SAP SE in 2014 was €8,957 million (2013:
€8,413 million), an increase of 6%. Product revenue increased
€383 million to €6,926 million (2013: €6,543 million). As in
previous years, product revenue was primarily generated from
license fees paid by subsidiaries of SAP SE. The increase in
SAP SE revenue in 2014 was therefore principally the result of
the increase in software and software-related service revenue
achieved by the SAP Group.

Other operating income decreased €171 million to €722 million
(2013: €893 million). The year-over-year decrease is due
primarily to a decline in gains from currency effects. SAP SE
cost of services and materials increased 7% to €3,099 million
(2013: €2,896 million). SAP SE cost of services and materials
comprises third-party services, including those provided by
SAP subsidiaries. SAP SE personnel expenses, mainly the labor
cost of the developers, service and support employees, and

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

administration staff employed by SAP SE, increased 6% to
€1,476 million (2013: €1,390 million) primarily because
eadcount increased over the year. Other operating expenses
increased 23% to €2,697 million (2013: €2,197 million).

This increase is mainly attributable to litigation settlement
ayments in the amount of €267 million and higher currency
osses which increased €122 million compared to the previous
year. The effect was partly offset by decreased costs for third-
arty services and impairments of trade receivables. SAP SE
operating income decreased 15% to €2,135 million (2013:
€2,514 million), primarily due to an increase in other operating
expenses.

Finance income was €921 million (2013: €825 million), an
increase of €96 million compared with the previous year. The
increase is due to a €148 million increase in income from
securities classified as financial assets, a €78 million increase in
investment income, and an €8 million increase in net interest
income. These were in part offset by a decrease of €125 million
in income from profit transfer agreements and an increase of
€13 million in write-downs of financial assets.

SAP SE income from ordinary activities, which is the sum of
operating profit and finance income, decreased €283 million to
€3,056 million (2013: €3,339 million). Income tax decreased
10% to €749 million (2013: €834 million). After deducting taxes,
the resultant net income is €2,307 million (2013: €2,505
million), a decrease of €198 million year-over-year.

111


--- Page 57 ---

Assets and Financial Position
In 2014, SAP SE total assets closed at €30,169 million (2013:
€22,055 million).

SAP SE Balance Sheet - German Commercial Code (Short Version)
€ millions

12/31/2014 12/31/2013
Assets
Intangible assets 232 289
Property, plant, and equipment 994 965
Financial assets 24,953 16,857
Fixed assets 26,179 18,111
Inventories 2 2
Accounts receivable 3,048 2,857
Liquid assets 691 884
Short-term assets 3,741 3,743
Prepaid expenses and 146 113
deferred charges
Deferred taxes 70 63
Surplus arising from offsetting 33 25
Total assets _ 30,169. 22,055
Equity and liabilities
Shareholders’ equity 12,494 11,295
Provisions 1,102 1,203
Other liabilities 16,568 9,549
Deferred income 5) 8
Total shareholders' equity and 22,055

liabilities

Financial assets increased €8,096 million compared with the
previous year to €24,953 million (2013: €16,857 million),

due mainly to the increase in contributions to subsidiaries for
the acquisitions of Concur and Fieldglass. Short-term assets
stood at €3,741 million (2013: €3,743 million), a year-over-year
decrease of €2 million, reflecting a €191 million increase in
accounts receivable and €193 million decrease in liquid assets.

112

SAP SE shareholders’ equity rose 11% to €12,494 million (2013:
€11,295 million). Against outflows of €1,194 million associated
with the payment of the 2013 dividend, there was a €2,307
million increase in net income and an inflow of €85 million from
the issuance of shares to service the share-based payments

of employees. The equity ratio (that is, the ratio of shareholders’
equity to total assets) decreased from 51% in 2013 to 41% in
2014.

Provisions decreased €101 million to €1,102 million (2013:
€1,203 million). While the other provisions increased

€12 million to €674 million, the reserves for tax decreased
€113 million to €426 million (2013: €539 million).

Other liabilities increased €7,019 million to €16,568 million
(2013: €9,549 million). This increase is mainly attributable to
higher financing liabilities for the acquisition of Concur and
Fieldglass in the amount of €6,433 million in 2014. Liabilities to
affiliated companies increased €599 million, primarily due to
increased cash contributions by subsidiaries through SAP SE's
centralized management of finance and liquidity.

Cash flow from operating activities decreased €118 million to
€2,869 million in 2014 (2013: €2,987 million), largely caused
by a decrease in net income. This decrease was partly offset by
the abovementioned cash contributions by subsidiaries
through SAP SE's centralized management of finance and
liquidity.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 58 ---

SAP SE Cash Flow Statement - German Commercial Code

(Short Version)
Mio. €

2014 2013
Net cash flows from operating 2,869 2,987
activities
Net cash flows from investing -8,302 485
activities
Net cash flows from financing 5,290 -1,975
activities
Net decrease/increase in cash -143 527
and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at 834 307
the beginning of the year
Cash and cash equivalents at the 834

end of the year

SAP SE used net cash flows from investing activities of €8,302
million in 2014 (2013: €485 million), a year-over-year increase

of €7,817 million, notably for contributions to the capital of SAP
America, Inc. in connection with the acquisition of Concur and
Fieldglass and €266 million for property, plant, and equipment.
They were in part offset by inflows of €73 million from sales of
property, plant and equipment and financial assets, additonally
long-term investments of SAP SE generated cash inflows of
€50 million.

Net cash flows from financing activities were €5,290 million in
2014 compared to a cash outflow of €1,975 million in 2013.
Inflows of €7,520 million were mainly attributable to the issued
new bonds and the additional loans for the abovementioned
acquisitions, and €54 million inflows were generated from
the reissuance of treasury shares for share-based payments.
SAP SE outflows included the dividend of €1,194 million

(2013: €1,013 million) and repayments of financial liabilities of
€1,090 million.

Financial Performance: Review and Analysis

At the close of the year, SAP SE held €691 million in short-term
liquid assets (2013: €834 million), a year-over-year decrease
of €143 million.

Opportunities and Risks

SAP SE is subject to materially the same opportunities
and risks as the SAP Group. For more information, see the
Risk Management and Risks as well as the Expected
Developments and Opportunities sections.

113


--- Page 59 ---

Corporate Governance Fundamentals

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

The German Commercial Code, section 289a, requires that as
a listed company, SAP SE publish a corporate governance
statement either as part of its management report or on its
Web site. The Executive Board of SAP SE filed the corporate
governance statement on February 18, 2015, and published it
on the SAP public Web site at www.sap.com/corporate-en/
investors/governance.

For more information about the corporate governance of SAP,
see the Corporate Governance Report section.

CONVERSION TO A EUROPEAN COMPANY

At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 21,
2014, SAP shareholders approved the conversion of the
Company's legal form to a European Company (Societas
Europaea, SE). The conversion became effective when it
was entered in the commercial register on July 7, 2014. Since
this date, the Company's legal form is SAP SE.

CHANGES IN MANAGEMENT

Bob Calderoni, president of Ariba, an SAP company, and a
member of our Global Managing Board, left SAP on
January 15, 2014.

On May 4, 2014, the Supervisory Board appointed Robert
Enslin and Bernd Leukert to the Executive Board, with
immediate effect. Robert Enslin continues to be responsible for
our global customer operations. Bernd Leukert assumed
responsibility for the entire development organization for products
and innovation from Vishal Sikka who resigned from the
Executive Board for personal reasons and left the Company on
May 4, 2014.

In addition, the Supervisory Board of SAP SE endorsed the
appointment of Ingrid-Helen Arnold and Stefan Ries to our
Global Managing Board, with a view to further strengthening
the next generation of SAP executives.

114

With effect from the closing of the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders on May 21, 2014, Jim Hagemann Snabe resigned
from his position as co-CEO of SAP AG and was elected to the
Supervisory Board of SAP SE.

Effective July 1, 2014, Luka Mucic succeeded Werner Brandt as
chief financial officer, when the latter retired, as planned,
from the Executive Board.

INFORMATION CONCERNING TAKEOVERS
Information required under the German Commercial Code,
sections 289 (4) and 315 (4), with explanatory report.
— Composition of share capital: For information about the
composition of SAP SE's share capital as of December 31, 2014,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note 21. Each share entitles the bearer to one vote.
American depositary receipts (ADRs) representing our
shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the United
States. ADRs are certificates representing non-U.S. shares
and are traded on U.S. stock exchanges instead of the underlying
shares. One SAP ADR corresponds to one SAP share.
Restrictions applying to share voting rights or transfers:
SAP shares are not subject to transfer restrictions except the
lock-in period under the SAP Share Matching Plan (SMP),
described below. SAP held 33,274,852 treasury shares as at
December 31, 2014. Treasury shares do not entitle us to
any rights, and therefore not to any voting rights or dividend.
Shares issued in 2014 under the employee SMP are subject
to contractual transfer restrictions for a three-year lock-in
period unless the plan member's employment with SAP is
ended during that period. Until that lock-in period has expired,
the participating employees are not ordinarily allowed to
dispose of the shares they have acquired under the plan. We
are not aware of any other restrictions applying to share
voting rights or to share transfers.
— Shareholdings that exceed 10% of the voting rights: We
are not aware of any direct or indirect SAP SE shareholdings
that exceed 10% of the voting rights.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 60 ---

— Shares with special rights conferring powers of control:
No SAP shareholder has special rights conferring powers
of control.

— Type of control over voting rights applying to employee

shareholders who do not directly exercise their control

rights: As with other shareholders, employee holders of SAP
shares exercise their control rights in accordance with the
law and the Articles of Incorporation. In votes on the formal
approval of their acts at the Annual General Meeting of

Shareholders, employee representatives on the Supervisory

Board — as all other members of the Supervisory Board —

are prohibited from exercising the voting rights associated

with their shares.

Legal requirements and provisions in the Articles of

Incorporation concerning the appointment and dismissal

of members of the Executive Board and amendment to

the Articles of Incorporation:

Conditions for the appointment and dismissal of members

of the Executive Board and amendment to the Articles of

Incorporation reflect the relevant provisions of applicable

European and German law, including Council Regulation (EC)

No. 2157/2001 on the Statute for a European Company

(the “SE Regulation”) and the German Stock Corporation Act.

Under the Articles of Incorporation, the Executive Board

consists of at least two members who are appointed for a

period of not more than five years by the Supervisory Board

in accordance with the SE Regulation, articles 39 and 46. The

number of members of the Executive Board is decided by

the Supervisory Board. Executive Board members may be

reappointed for, or their term of office extended by, a

maximum of five years. Simple majority of the Supervisory

Board membership is required for Executive Board

appointments. In the event of a tie, the chairperson of the

Supervisory Board has the casting vote. The Supervisory

Board can appoint a chairperson of the Executive Board and

one or more deputy chairpersons from among the members

of the Executive Board. The Supervisory Board can revoke
appointments to the Executive Board in accordance with the

SE Regulation, article 9, and the German Stock Corporation

Act, section 84, if compelling reasons exist, such as gross

negligence on the part of the Executive Board member. If the

Executive Board is short of a required member, one may be

appointed in urgent cases by a court in accordance with the

SE Regulation, article 9, and the German Stock Corporation

Act, section 85. In accordance with the SE Regulation, article

Corporate Governance Fundamentals

59, and the German Stock Corporation Act, section 179,

an amendment of the Articles of Incorporation requires a
resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders with a
majority of at least three-quarters of the valid votes cast. For
any amendments of the Articles of Incorporation which
require a simple majority for stock corporations established
under German law, however, the simple majority of the valid
votes cast is sufficient if at least half of the subscribed capital
is represented or, in the absence of such quorum, the
majority prescribed by law (that is, two thirds of the votes cast,
pursuant to article 59 of the SE Regulation) is sufficient.
Section 11 (2) of the Articles of Incorporation authorizes the
Supervisory Board to amend the Articles of Incorporation
where such amendments only concern the wording.

Powers of the Executive Board to issue and repurchase
shares: The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May
25, 2011, granted powers to the Executive Board, subject

to the consent of the Supervisory Board, to issue convertible
and warrant-linked bonds and to grant conversion and option
rights in respect of SAP SE shares representing a total
attributable portion of the share capital of not more than
€100 million secured by a corresponding amount of
contingent capital. These powers will expire on May 24, 2016.
The Executive Board is also authorized until June 7, 2015,

to increase the share capital by not more than €250 million
by issuing new shares against contributions in cash and to
increase the share capital by not more than €250 million by
issuing new shares against contributions in cash or in kind.
For more details about the different tranches of authorized
capital and the aforementioned contingent capital, see the
Articles of Incorporation, section 4. The Annual General Meeting
of Shareholders on June 4, 2013, granted a power to the
Executive Board in accordance with the German Stock
Corporation Act, section 71 (1)(8), to buy back for treasury on
or before June 3, 2018, SAP SE shares attributable in total

to not more than €120 million of the share capital. The power
is subject to the proviso that the shares repurchased,
together with any shares that were previously acquired and
are still held by SAP in treasury and any other shares
controlled by SAP, must not in total exceed 10% of SAP’s
share capital. Executive Board powers, such as those
described to issue and repurchase stock and to grant rights
of conversion and subscription to shares of SAP, are

widely followed common practice among German companies
like SAP. They give the Executive Board the flexibility it needs,

115


--- Page 61 ---

in particular, the options to use SAP shares as consideration

in equity investments, raise funds on the financial markets at

short notice on favorable terms, or return value to shareholders

during the course of the year. To service the SMP, which is an
employee stock plan we established in 2010, the Executive

Board is authorized, subject to Supervisory Board consent,

to issue to participants of the plan new shares until June 7,

2015. This authorized capital has been used for plan tranches

in 2010, 2011, and 2012 (but not in 2013 and 2014), and on

December 31, 2014, it empowered the Company to issue new

shares representing a total attributable portion of the share

capital of not more than €29,609,256.
— Material agreements with provisions that take effect in the
event of a change of control following a takeover bid:

SAP SE has concluded the following material agreements

with provisions that take effect in the event of a change

of control, whether following a takeover bid or otherwise:

- The terms of SAP's syndicated €2 billion revolving credit
facility include a change-of-control clause. For more
information about this syndicated credit facility, see the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (26). This clause obliges SAP SE to notify the banks in
case of a change of control. If, on receiving the notification,
banks that represent at least two-thirds of the credit volume
so require, the banks have the right to cancel the credit
facility and demand complete repayment of the outstanding
debt. If no continuation agreement is reached, the credit
facility would end and the obligation to repay would become
effective at an ascertainable time.

+ In agreements between SAP SE and various banks for bilateral
credit facilities that totaled €471 million as at December 31,
2014, we have agreed customary material adverse change
clauses permitting the banks to terminate if events occur
that are materially averse to the economic standing of SAP
SE, which may possibly also include a change of control.
We believe that in view of our current liquidity situation,
termination of these credit facilities would not have a
material adverse effect, at least in the near term.

* SAP issued two bonds in 2010, each in two tranches of
different tenures, totaling €2.2 billion, of which one matured

116

in fiscal year 2014. In 2012, SAP set up a Debt Issuance
Program under which a first tranche of Eurobonds in the
amount of €1.3 billion was issued. In 2013, a new €4 billion
Debt Issuance Program was set up under which no bonds
were issued until December 31, 2013. In 2014, SAP renewed
our Debt Issuance Program that now amounts to €6 billion.

In November 2014, three tranches of Eurobonds in the total
amount of €2.75 billion were issued under the Debt
Issuance Program. For more information about these bonds,
see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (18b). Under the terms agreed with the buyers,
we are required to notify the buyers of any change of control
without delay. If there is a change of control and SAP is
consequently assigned a lower credit rating within a defined
period, buyers are entitled to demand repayment.

- Under the terms of our U.S. private placements totaling
US$2.65 billion, we are required to offer lenders repayment
of outstanding debt if there is a change of control and
SAP is consequently assigned a lower credit rating within a
defined period. For more information about these private
placements, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (18b). Lenders would have at
least 30 days to accept the offer.

- We have entered into relationships with other companies to
jointly develop and market new software products. These
relationships are governed by development and marketing
agreements with the respective companies. Some of the
agreements include provisions that, in the event of a change
of control over one of the parties, give the other party a
right to consent to the assignment of the agreement or to
terminate it.

— Agreements to compensate members of the Executive

Board or the employees in the event of a takeover bid:
Agreements have been concluded with the members of the
Executive Board concerning compensation in the event of
achange of control. These agreements, which are customary
in Germany and elsewhere, are described in the Compensation
Report, which is an integral part of this management report.
We have no analogous compensation agreements with other
employees.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 62 ---

Risk Management and Risks

OUR RISK MANAGEMENT

Internal Control and Risk Management System

As a global company, SAP is exposed to a wide variety of risks
across our range of business operations. As a consequence,
the Executive Board has put comprehensive risk management
and internal control structures into place that enable SAP to
lentify and analyze risks early on and take appropriate action.
Our risk management and internal control system is designed
to identify potential events that could negatively impact the
Company and to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
achievement of the Company objectives, specifically our
ability to achieve our financial, operational, or strategic goals as
planned.

4

is system comprises multiple control mechanisms and is an
mportant element of the corporate decision-making process;
it is therefore implemented as an integral part of SAP's
business processes across the entire Group. Ensuring that our
global risk management efforts are effective and enable us

to aggregate risks and report on them transparently, we have
adopted an integrated risk management and internal control
approach.

Because we are publicly listed in both Germany and the United
States, we are subject to both German and U.S. regulatory
requirements that relate to risk management and internal controls
over financial reporting, such as provisions in the German
Stock Corporation Act, section 91 (2), and the U.S. Sarbanes-
Oxley Act (SOX) of 2002, section 404. Our Executive Board
has established an early warning system (risk management
system) to ensure compliance with applicable regulations

and for the effective management of risks.

Risk Management and Risks

Our risk management system is based on five pillars, comprising
a dedicated risk management policy and a standardized risk
management methodology followed by a global risk management
organization. The internal control system comprises the
internal control and risk management system for financial
reporting (ICRMFR) that also covers the broader business
environment. In 2014, we continued to implement continuous
control monitoring and continuous auditing in selected areas.
Using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO) framework 2013, we define and
cover internal controls all along the value chain on a process
and subprocess level to assure that sound business objectives
are set in line with the organization's strategic, operational,
financial, and compliance goals. In addition, we have a governance
model in place across risk management and the internal
control system to ensure both systems are effective, as well as
acentral software solution to store, maintain, and report all
risk-relevant information.

Risk Management Policy and Framework

The risk management policy issued by our Executive Board
governs how we handle risk in line with the Company's risk
appetite and defines a methodology that is applied uniformly
across all parts of the Group. The policy stipulates who is
responsible for conducting risk management activities and
defines reporting and monitoring structures. In 2014, as part
of our regular review, we updated and rolled out the mandatory
policy to all employees with a dedicated acknowledgement
process. Our global corporate audit function conducts regular
audits to assess the effectiveness of our risk management
system. Every year, SAP's external auditor assesses if SAP SE's
early risk identification system is adequate to identify risks
that may endanger our ability to continue as a going concern.
SAP's enterprise risk management follows COSO II (integrated
framework for enterprise risk management) and covers risks in
the areas of strategy, operational business, financial reporting,
and compliance. As of today, the risk management system
analyzes risks and only assesses or analyzes opportunities
where deemed appropriate.

117


--- Page 63 ---

Risk Management Methodology and Reporting

The following sections describe the key elements of the risk
management process as part of the SAP risk management
policy: risk planning, identification, analysis, response, and
monitoring.

Risk planning and risk identification for both internal and
external risks are conducted in cooperation between risk
managers and the business units or subsidiaries across the
Group. We use various techniques to identify risks. For
example, we have identified risk indicators and developed a
comprehensive risk catalog that includes risk mitigation
strategies for known product and project risks. Risk
identification takes place at various levels of our organization
to ensure that common risk trends are identified and
end-to-end risk management across organizational borders is
enabled. We apply both qualitative and quantitative risk
analysis as well as other risk analysis methods such as
sensitivity analyses and simulation techniques.

To determine which risks pose the highest threat to the viability
of the SAP Group, we classify them as “high,” “medium,” or
“low” based on the likelihood that a risk will occur within the
assessment horizon as well as the impact the risk would have on
SAP's business objectives if it were realized. The scales for

measuring these two indicators are given in the following tables.

Probability/Likelihood of Occurrence Description
1% to 19% Remote
20% to 39% Unlikely
40% to 59% Likely

60% to 79% Highly Likely

80% to 99% Near Certainty

In this framework, we define a remote risk as one that will
occur only under exceptional circumstances and a near certain
risk as one that can be expected to occur within the specified
time horizon.

118

The period for analyzing our risks is at least the used forecast
period. The period for analyzing our risks that could be
possible threats to the Group's ability to continue as a going
concern, is eight rolling quarters.

Impact Level Impact Definition

Insignificant Negligible negative impact on business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows

Minor Limited negative impact on business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows

Moderate Some potential negative impact on business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows

Major Considerable negative impact on business, financial position,

profit, and cash flows

Business-Critical Detrimental negative impact on business, financial position,

profit, and cash flows

Based on the likelihood that a risk will occur as well as the
impact the risk would have on SAP's reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flow leads us to classify the
risks as “high,” “medium,” or “low.”

Combined Management Report


--- Page 64 ---

Probability
80-99% L M H H H
60-79% L M M H H
40-59% L L M M H
20-39% L L L M M

1-19% L L L L M
Insignificant Minor Moderate Major Business-Critical
Impact

H = High risk

M = Medium risk

L =Lowrisk

Risk analysis is followed by risk response and risk monitoring.
Our risk managers work in close cooperation with the business
owners, ensuring that effective strategies are implemented

to address risks. Risks may be reduced by taking active steps
based on risk approval. Business owners are responsible

for continuously monitoring the risks and the effectiveness of
mitigation strategies, with support from the respective risk
managers. To provide greater risk transparency and enable
appropriate decision making for business owners, we have
established a risk delegation of authority (RDOA) for relevant
parts of the organization as deemed appropriate. RDOA

is a risk management decision-making hierarchy that helps
business owners gain timely insight into projects and
processes with the greatest risk, so they are better able to
review the relevant information, understand the risk profile
and associated mitigation strategies, and determine if their
approval is warranted. Depending on the exposure, approval is
required at different levels of the Company, up to and including
the Executive Board.

Risk Management and Risks

All identified and relevant risks are reported at the local, regional,
and global levels in accordance with our risk management
policy. At local, regional, and global levels, we have established
executive risk councils that regularly discuss risks and
countermeasures and that monitor the success of risk mitigation.
In addition, the Executive Board is informed quarterly about
individual risks based on clearly defined reporting criteria. Newly
identified or existing significant risks that are above a

defined threshold or with a potential significant impact are also
reported to the chairperson of the Supervisory Board and

to the chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Supervisory
Board. This includes any potential going concern risks.

We also have a process in place that analyzes those risks with
respect to potential effects on liquidity, excessive indebtedness,
and insolvency, which could be possible threats to the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern.

Risk Management Organization

Our risk management organization ensures the coverage of the
functions of risk management governance, strategic,
operational, financial, and compliance risk management. The
Global Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) organization
comprises a group-wide governance function, which includes

ale)


--- Page 65 ---

regular maintenance and implementation of our risk
management policy. The uniform process model comprises all
essential elements of risk management: risk planning, risk
identification, risk analysis, risk response, and risk monitoring.
This function is also responsible for standardized risk reporting
to risk committees at different levels of the Company, including
the Executive Board as well as the chairpersons of the
Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee.

Our strategic risk management function resides within Global
Controlling and is responsible for enabling early identification
and mitigation of risks that could threaten the successful
execution of SAP's strategic priorities and targets. It also
supports the successful execution of our corporate strategy by
creating transparency regarding risks that could threaten
commercial interests or intangible assets such as corporate or
product reputation and brand image.

Operational and financial risk management is uniformly
implemented at SAP. GRC risk managers independent of the
business are assigned to each of SAP’s important business
units and business activities and to selected strategic
initiatives. All GRC risk managers, together with assigned risk
contacts in the business units, continuously identify and
assess risks associated with material business operations using
auniform approach and monitor the implementation and
effectiveness of the measures chosen to mitigate risks. Further
financial risk management activities are performed by our
Global Treasury function.

During the merger and acquisition and post-merger integration
phase newly acquired companies are subject to risk
management performed by SAP’s Corporate Development
function. Furthermore, as long as they are not integrated,
existing risk management structures are maintained within the
acquired companies.

120

Risk managers are responsible for supporting and monitoring
the implementation of risk management across the Group that
is both effective and compliant with regulatory requirements
and SAP's global risk management policy. Based on SAP's risk
management policy, all risks and risk-related matters have to
e reported to the Global GRC organization.

The head of Global GRC, together with other key functions (for
example Global Controlling or Treasury), is responsible for
SAP's internal control and risk management program, and
rovides regular updates to the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board. The overall risk profile of the Group is
consolidated by the head of Global GRC, who reports to

the Group CFO.

Internal Control and Risk Management System

for Financial Reporting

The purpose of a company’s system of internal control over
financial reporting is to ensure with sufficient certainty that its
financial reporting is reliable and in compliance with applicable
generally accepted accounting principles. Because of the
inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting,
it may not prevent or bring to light all potential misstatements
in our financial statements.

SAP's internal control and risk management system for
financial reporting (ICRMSFR) is based on our Group-wide risk
management methodology. The ICRMSFR includes
organizational, control, and monitoring structures designed to
ensure that data and information concerning our business are
collected, compiled, and analyzed in accordance with
applicable laws and properly reflected in the IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Our ICRMSFR also includes policies, procedures, and measures
designed to ensure compliance of SAP's financial reports
with applicable law and standards. We analyze new statutes,
standards, and other pronouncements concerning IFRS
accounting and its impact on the ICRMSFR. Failure to adhere
to them would present a substantial risk to the compliance of
our financial reporting. Finally, the ICRMSFR has both
preventive and detective controls, including, for example,
automated and non-automated reconciliations, segregated
duties with two-person responsibility, authorization concepts
in our software systems, and monitoring.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 66 ---

Our Corporate Financial Reporting department codifies all
accounting policies in the Group Accounting and Global
Revenue Recognition Guidelines. These policies and the
corporate closing schedule together define the closing
process. Under this closing process, all SAP legal entities
prepare, partly supported by centralized and outsourced
services, their financial statements for consolidation by our
Corporate Financial Reporting department. The Corporate
Financial Reporting department and other corporate
departments assist the local subsidiaries’ efforts to comply
with Group accounting policies and monitor their work. Our
corporate audit function and Corporate Financial Reporting
department conduct financial statement audits of SAP
subsidiaries.

The Corporate Financial Reporting department conducts all of
SAP's financial consolidation. We have outsourced some work,
such as valuing projected benefit obligations and share-based
payment obligations, and purchase price allocations in the
context of asset acquisitions and business combinations. We
have also outsourced the preparation of the local statutory
financial statements of most of our subsidiaries. The
employees who work on SAP's financial reporting receive
training in the policies and processes.

Acommittee proposes the results of the assessment on the
ICRMSFR effectiveness with respect to our IFRS consolidated
financial statements as at December 31 each year to the Group
CFO based on an analysis of the design and operating
effectiveness of our respective internal controls over financial
reporting. The committee meets regularly to set the annual
scope for the test of effectiveness, to evaluate any possible
weaknesses in the controls, and to determine measures to
address them adequately. During its own meetings, the Audit
Committee of the Supervisory Board regularly scrutinizes
the resulting assessments of the effectiveness of the internal
controls with respect to the IFRS consolidated financial
statements.

Risk Management and Risks

Its assessment of the effectiveness of the ICRMSFR related to
our IFRS consolidated financial statements was that on
December 31, 2014, the Group has an effective internal control
system over financial reporting.

Risk Management and Internal Control Governance

Our Executive Board is responsible for ensuring the
effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
system. The effectiveness of both systems and their
implementation in the different Executive Board areas is
monitored by each board member. We regularly provide a
status on the risk management and the internal control system
to the Audit Committee. Key risks are reported quarterly

to the chairman of the Supervisory Board and in the Audit
Committee. The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board
regularly monitors the effectiveness of SAP’s risk management
and internal control system. In this regard, they requested the
Corporate Audit department to regularly audit various aspects
of the risk management system and its effectiveness.
Additional reassurance will be obtained through the external
audit of the effectiveness of our internal control system

over financial reporting and the internal warning system.

Software Solution Deployed

We use our own risk management software (SAP solution for
GRC) to effectively support the governance process. Risk
managers record and address identified risks using our risk
management software to create transparency across all
known risks that exist in the Group, as well as to facilitate risk
management and the associated risk reporting. This
information is available to managers through a mobile app as
well as regularly issued reports, and is consolidated and
aggregated for the quarterly risk report to the Executive Board.
The solution also supports the risk-based approach of SAP’s
internal control and risk management system for financial
reporting (ICRMSFR).

121


--- Page 67 ---

RISK FACTORS

The following sections outline risk factors that we identify and
track using our risk management software (SAP solutions for
GRC). They are presented below at a more aggregated level as
compared to their use in internal controlling, but are broken
down by the same risk categories we use in our internal risk
management system reporting structure.

SAP SE is the parent company of the SAP Group. Consequently,
the risks described below also apply — directly or indirectly —
to SAP SE.

Economic, Political, Social, and Regulatory Risk

Uncertainty in the global economy, financial markets, or
political conditions could have a negative impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, and put
pressure on our operating profit.

Our business is influenced by multiple risk factors that are both
difficult to predict and beyond our influence and control. These
factors include global economic and business conditions and
fluctuations in national currencies. Other examples are political
developments and general regulations, as well as budgetary
constraints or shifts in spending priorities of national
governments.

Macroeconomic developments, such as a global economic
crisis, chronic fiscal imbalances and slowing economic
conditions in emerging markets, might decrease the ability and
willingness of our customers to invest in our solutions or might
lead to delays in purchasing. In addition, changes in the euro
rates for particular currencies might have an adverse effect on
business activities with local customers and partners.
Furthermore, political instabilities in regions such as the Middle
East and Africa, crisis situations (such as in Ukraine), natural
disasters, and pandemic diseases (such as Ebola) contribute
to economic and political uncertainty.

122

These events could reduce the demand for SAP software and

services, and lead to:

— Delays in purchases, decreased deal size, or cancelations of
proposed investments

— Potential lawsuits from customers due to denied provision of
service as a result of sanctioned party lists or export control
issues

— Higher credit barriers for customers, reducing their ability to
finance software purchases

— Increased number of bankruptcies among customers,
business partners, and key suppliers

— Increased default risk, which may lead to significant
impairment charges in the future

— Market disruption from aggressive competitive behavior,
acquisitions, or business practices

— Increased price competition and demand for cheaper
products and services

Any one or more of these might reduce our ability to sell and
deliver our software and services which could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has established measures and conducted scenario analyses
to address and mitigate the described risks and adverse effects
to the extent possible. We offer our customers standard
software and product packages that are fast and easy to install,
as well as financially attractive financing, software licensing,
and subscription models. Furthermore, we continue to apply
cost discipline internally and have a conservative financial
planning policy. Additionally, SAP is continuously reshaping our
organizational structure and processes to increase efficiency.

We estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
likely. Therefore, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that it will have a business-critical impact on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. This could exacerbate
the other risks we describe in this report or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a high risk.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 68 ---

Our international business activities expose us to numerous
and sometimes even conflicting regulatory requirements,
and to risks that could harm our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

We are a global company and currently market our products

and services in more than 180 countries and territories in

the Americas (including Latin America and North America);

Asia Pacific Japan (APJ); China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and

Macau (Greater China); Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA);

and Middle and Eastern Europe (MEE) regions. Our business in

these countries is subject to numerous risks inherent in

international business operations. Among others, these risks

include:

— Conflict and overlap among tax regimes

— Possible tax constraints impeding business operations in
certain countries

— Expenses associated with the localization of our products
and compliance with local regulatory requirements

— Discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies

— Operational difficulties in countries with a high corruption
perceptions index

— Protectionist trade policies and regulations for import and
export

— Works councils, labor unions, and immigration laws in
different countries

— Data protection and privacy in regard to access by
government authorities to customer, partner, or employee
data

— Difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual
rights in certain jurisdictions

— Country-specific software certification requirements

Risk Management and Risks

As we expand further into new countries and markets, these
risks could intensify. The application of these laws and
regulations to our business is sometimes unclear, subject to
change over time, and sometimes may conflict between
different jurisdictions. Additionally these laws and governments’
approach to enforcement, as well as our products and services,
are continuing to change and evolve. Compliance with these
types of regulation may involve significant costs or require
changes in products or business practices. Non-compliance
could result in penalties being imposed on us or orders that we
stop the alleged noncompliant activity. One or more of these
factors could have an adverse effect on our operations globally
or in one or more countries or regions, which could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows.

We address these risks with various measures depending on
the circumstances, including, for example, a strong legal and
compliance office presence in the main countries, maintaining
an effective Data Protection and Privacy Office and associated
policy, receiving guidance from external economics
consultants, law firms, tax advisors, and authorities in the
concerned countries, and taking legal actions.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have a major impact on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this
risk as amedium risk.

Social and political instability caused by state-based
conflicts, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, war, or international
hostilities, as well as pandemic disease outbreaks or
natural disasters, may disrupt SAP’s business operations.

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, civil and
political unrest (such as in the Middle East, in Ukraine, Israel,
Syria, Libya, and in other parts of Africa), natural disasters
(such as hurricanes, flooding, or similar events) or pandemic
diseases (such as Ebola) could have a significant adverse
effect on the related economy or beyond. Such an event could
lead, for example, to the loss of a significant number of our

123


--- Page 69 ---

employees, or to the disruption or disablement of operations
at our locations, and could affect our ability to provide business
services and maintain effective business operations.
Furthermore, this could have a significant adverse effect on our
partners as well as our customers and their investment
decisions, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

Our mitigation measures have been designed and
implemented to minimize such adverse effects. To ensure
continuous operations of all critical business processes, we have
been implementing and operating a worldwide business
continuity management and crisis management system. To
enable effective response and minimize possible losses in

case of crisis situations, we have installed local crisis management
teams at our main locations, supplemented by regional crisis
management teams for the Americas (including Latin America
and North America), APJ, and EMEA regions, and a global

crisis management team.

To protect our key IT infrastructure (especially our data centers),
critical business systems, and processes from material adverse
effects in crisis situations, disaster recovery and business
continuity plans have been developed that include implementation
of data redundancies and daily data backup strategies. To
verify and improve our approach, our Global IT organization
has been certified to the internationally recognized ISO
22301:2013 (Business Continuity Management) standard. In
addition, our corporate headquarters, which includes certain
critical business functions, is located in the German state of
Baden-Wurttemberg. This area has historically been free of
natural disasters.

With regard to the increased relevance of current and
anticipated political crisis situations and acts of violence as
well as pandemic diseases impacting SAP's business, we
believe that the increased likelihood of this risk materializing is
unlikely; however, we cannot exclude the possibility of such

a risk occurring and having a business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows,
or causing a negative deviation from our revenue and operating
profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

124

Market Risks

Our established customers might not buy additional
software solutions, subscribe to our cloud offerings, renew
maintenance agreements, purchase additional professional
services, or they might switch to other products or service
offerings (including competitive products).

In 2014, we offered a wide range of support services including
SAP MaxAttention, SAP Enterprise Support, and SAP Product
Support for Large Enterprises. We continue to depend
materially on the success of our support portfolio and on our
ability to deliver high-quality services. Traditionally, our large
installed customer base generates additional new software,
maintenance, consulting, and training revenue. Despite the
high quality and service level of our transformed and expanded
service offering in the area of premium engagements, we may
be unable to meet customer expectations. Existing customers
might cancel or not renew their maintenance contracts, decide
not to buy additional products and services, not subscribe to
our cloud offerings, or accept alternative offerings from other
vendors. In addition, the increasing volume in our cloud
business as well as the conversion of traditional on-premise
licenses to cloud subscription licenses could have a potential
negative impact on our software and maintenance revenue
streams. This could have an adverse effect on our on-premise
software and maintenance business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows.

Working closely with SAP user groups, we continuously
demonstrate the business value and the benefits of our solution,
service and support portfolio in terms of innovation, quality,
and high service level as well as through customer references
and success stories. Additionally, we continuously monitor the
performance and the perceived value of our services and the
satisfaction of our customers. We implement mitigating steps
where required.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 70 ---

With regard to our increasing volume in cloud business as well
as the conversion of traditional on-premise licenses to cloud
subscription licenses we estimate the increased probability of
this risk materializing to be unlikely. However, we cannot
completely exclude the possibility that it could have a business-
critical impact on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows, or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target. Overall, we classify this risk as medium risk.

The success of our cloud computing strategy depends on
market perception and an increasing market adoption of our
cloud solutions and managed cloud services. Insufficient
adoption of our solutions and services could lead to a loss
of SAP's position as a leading cloud company.

The market for cloud computing is increasing and shows
strong growth relative to the market for our on-premise
solutions. To offer a broad cloud service portfolio and generate
the associated business value for our customers, we have
acquired cloud computing companies such as SuccessFactors,
Ariba, Fieldglass and Concur. Due to ongoing contracts

and previous substantial investments to integrate traditional
on-premise enterprise software into their businesses,
customers and partners might be reluctant or unwilling to
migrate to the cloud.

Other factors that coul

solutions include:

— Concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage
critical employee or company confidential data

affect the market acceptance of cloud

— Customer concerns a
— Customer concerns a
large enterprise custo

out security capabilities and reliability
out the ability to scale operations for
mers

— The level of configurability or customizability of the software

- Missing integration sc
and cloud-to-cloud so

enarios between on-premise products
jutions

— Failure in secure and successful delivery of cloud services
by any cloud service provider could have a negative impact
on customer trust in cloud solutions

— Strategic alliances amongst our competitors in the cloud
area could lead to significantly increased competition in

the market

Risk Management and Risks

If organizations do not perceive the benefits of cloud
computing, the market for cloud business might not develop
further, or it may develop more slowly than we expect,

either of which could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, profit, reputation and cash flows.

Among measures to communicate the business value of our
cloud solutions to the market, we invest significantly in
infrastructure and processes that ensure secure operations of
our cloud solutions including the adaption of cloud service
delivery to local and/or specific market requirements (such as
local or regional data centers) and the compliance with all
local legal regulations regarding data protection and privacy as
well as data security.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows,
or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and

operating profit target. We classify the risk as a medium risk.

Our market share and profit could decline due to increased
competition, market consolidation and technological
innovation, and new business models in the software industry.

The software industry continues to evolve rapidly and is
currently undergoing a significant shift due to innovations in
the areas of mobile, Big Data, connectivity, the Internet of
Things, digital, cloud computing, and social media. While
smaller innovative companies tend to create new markets
continuously, large traditional IT vendors tend to enter such
markets mostly through acquisitions. SAP faces increased
competition in its business environment from traditional as
well as new competitors. This could result in increased price
pressure, cost increases, and loss of market share, which could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

125


--- Page 71 ---

Additionally, customers could change their buying behavior by
accelerating their acceptance of cloud solutions to reduce their
investments which might have a temporary adverse effect on
our operating results. Furthermore, the trend in the market to
invest more in cloud solutions might lead to an increased risk
of the potential loss of existing on-premise customers. It may
also have a temporary adverse effect on our revenue due to an
increased number of conversions from on-premise licenses

to cloud subscriptions from existing SAP customers in our
installed base.

We believe we will be able to protect our leadership in the
market if we continue to execute successfully on our customer-
centric innovation strategy, which is driven by a mix of organic
growth, targeted acquisitions, and attractive cloud solution
offerings. To compete successfully in the market, we continuously
enhance our global processes and adjust our organizational
structures.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this

risk to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a major impact on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

126

Business Strategy Risks

Demand for our new solutions may not develop as
planned and our strategy on new business models and
flexible consumption models may not be successful.

Our software business consists of new software licenses,
software license updates, and support and maintenance fees,
as well as of cloud subscriptions. Our customers are looking

to take advantage of technological breakthroughs from SAP
without compromising their previous IT investments. However,
the introduction of new SAP solutions, technologies, and
business models as well as delivery and consumption models
is subject to uncertainties as to whether customers will be
able to perceive the additional value and realize the expected
benefits. There is an increased risk that such uncertainties may
lead customers to wait for reference customers first, which
might result in a lower level of adoption of our new solutions,
technologies, business models and flexible consumption
models, or no adoption at all. This could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

To mitigate this risk, SAP is balancing the distribution of our
strategic investments by evolving and protecting our core
businesses and simultaneously developing new solutions,
technologies, and business models for markets, such as
analytics, applications, and database and technology.
Furthermore, we continuously demonstrate the benefits of
our solution and service portfolio through customer references
and success stories as well as the provision of support
excellence to ensure customer satisfaction with and after the
implementation of our solution.

We estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
remote, but cannot completely exclude the possibility that this
risk could have a business-critical impact on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 72 ---

We recognize cloud subscription and support revenue over
the term of the respective service periods, and our business
depends substantially on customers renewing their
agreements and purchasing additional modules or user
licenses from us. Although any downturns or upturns in
cloud sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating
results, any decline in our customer renewals would harm
the future operating results of the cloud business.

We recognize cloud subscription and support revenue over the
respective service provision, which typically range from one to
three years with some up to five years. As a result, most of the
respective revenue recognized in a given period originates from
agreements entered into in earlier periods. Consequently, a
shortfall in demand for our cloud portfolio in any period may
not significantly impact our cloud subscription and support
revenue for that quarter, but could have an adverse effect on
targeted cloud subscription and support revenue in future
periods.

To maintain or improve our operating results in the cloud business,
it is important that our customers renew their agreements
with us when the initial contract term expires and purchase
additional modules or additional users. Our customers have no
obligation to renew their subscriptions after the initial subscription
period, and we cannot assure that customers will renew
subscriptions at the same or at a higher level of service, or at all.

Our customers’ renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a
result of anumber of factors, including their satisfaction or
dissatisfaction with our cloud solution and services portfolio,
the integration capabilities of our cloud solutions into their
existing solution environment (including hybrid solutions
combining both cloud and on-premise solutions), our customer
support, concerns on stable, efficient and secure cloud
operations and in compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements, our pricing, the prices of competing products or
services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer
base, the effects of global economic conditions, or reductions
in our customers’ spending levels.

Risk Management and Risks

If our customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew on
less favorable terms, or fail to purchase additional modules or
users, our revenue and billings may decline, and we may

not realize significantly improved operating results from our
customer base. This could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

We share our overall long-term cloud strategy and our
integration road map with our customers and continuously
implement improvements that enhance our cloud solutions
including instant provisioning, a consumer-grade user
experience, and a fast time to value, among others. To
continuously improve our services, we closely monitor any
issue and work together with customers to perform a root-
cause analysis and provide a solution. Furthermore, we are
adapting cloud service delivery to local and/or specific market
requirements (such as local or regional data centers) and in
accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be remote, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have an increased business-critical impact on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause
a negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

If we are unable to scale and enhance an effective partner
ecosystem, increased revenue already included in our
forecast might be endangered.

An open and vibrant partner ecosystem is a fundamental pillar
of our success and growth strategy. We have entered into
partnership agreements that drive co-innovation on our platforms,
profitably expand all our routes-to-market to optimize market
coverage, and provide high-quality services capacity in all
market segments. Partners play a key role in driving market
adoption of our entire solutions portfolio, by co-innovating

on our platforms, embedding our technology, and reselling
and/or implementing our software.

127


--- Page 73 ---

If partners consider our products or services model less

strategic and/or financially less attractive compared to our

competition or if SAP fails to establish a network of qualified

partners that meet our quality requirements and the

requirements of our customers, then, among other things,

partners might not:

— Develop a sufficient number of new solutions and content on
our platforms

— Provide high-quality products and services to our customers

— Drive growth of references by creating customer use cases
and demo systems

— Sufficiently embed our solutions to profitably drive product
adoption, especially with new innovations such as SAP HANA

— Enable and train sufficient resources to promote sell and
support to scale into targeted markets

— Comply with applicable laws and regulations, resulting in
delayed, disrupted, or terminated sales and services

— Transform their business model in accordance with the
transformation of SAP's business model in a timely manner

— Renew their existing agreements with us or enter into new
agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all

If one or more of these risks materialize, this may have an
adverse effect on the demand for our products and services.
As aresult we may not be able to scale our business to compete
successfully with other software vendors, which could have an
adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

SAP continues to invest in long-term, mutually beneficial
relationships and agreements with partners. We continue to
develop and enhance a wide range of partner programs to
retain existing and attract new partners of all types. We offer
training opportunities to a wide range of resources for our
partners and additionally provide demo solutions to enable
partners to lead business value discussions on cloud and
on-premise with customers. A thorough certification process
for third-party solutions has been designed and established
to ensure consistent high-quality and seamless integration.

128

Although we consider this risk to be unlikely in view of our
partner strategy, we cannot exclude the possibility that this risk
could have a major impact on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target

if it were to materialize. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Human Capital Risks

If we do not effectively manage our geographically
dispersed workforce, we may not be able to run our
business efficiently and successfully.

Our success is dependent on appropriate alignment of our
internal and external workforce planning processes and our
ocation strategy with our general strategy. It is critical that we
manage our internationally dispersed workforce effectively,
taking short and long-term workforce and skill requirements
into consideration. This applies to the management of our
internal as well as our external workforce. Changes in
eadcount and infrastructure needs could result ina mismatch
etween our expenses and revenue. Failure to manage our
geographically dispersed workforce effectively could hinder our
ability to run our business efficiently and successfully

and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
osition, profit, and cash flows.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 74 ---

We are focusing on mitigating this risk through a range of
activities including transformation of the business, succession
management; workforce planning (which aims to achieve
diversity and the right mix of talent and to take account of
demographic changes); outsourcing; external short-term
staffing; employer branding; career management (such as
offering opportunities for short-term assignments and
opportunities to improve skills, competencies, and qualifications);
and extended benefit programs — for example, a performance-
oriented remuneration system, an employer-financed pension
plan in certain countries, and long-term incentive plans.

We estimate this risk to be a remote possibility, but we cannot
underestimate its potential to have a major impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

If we are unable to attract, develop, and retain leaders and
employees with specialized knowledge and technology
skills, or are unable to achieve internal diversity and inclusion
objectives, we might not be able to manage our operations
effectively and successfully, or develop successful new
solutions and services.

Our highly qualified workforce is the foundation for our continued
success. In certain regions and specific technology and
solution areas, we continue to set very high growth targets,
specifically in countries and regions such as Africa, China,

and Latin America. In the execution of SAP's strategic priorities,
we depend on highly skilled and specialized personnel and
leaders, both male and female. Successful maintenance and
expansion of our highly skilled and specialized workforce

in the area of cloud is a key success factor for our transition to
become the leading cloud company. The availability of such
personnel is limited and as a result competition in our industry
is intense and could expose us to claims by other companies
seeking to prevent their employees from working for a
competitor. If we are unable to identify, attract, develop, motivate,
adequately compensate, and retain well-qualified and engaged
personnel, or if existing highly skilled and specialized personnel

Risk Management and Risks

eave SAP and ready successors or adequate replacements

are not available, we may not be able to manage our operations
effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.
Furthermore, we may not be able to develop, sell, or implement
successful new solutions and services as planned. This is
articularly true as we continue to introduce new and innovative
technology offerings and expand our business in emerging
markets. The lack of appropriate or inadequately executed
enefit and compensation programs could limit SAP’s ability to
attract or retain qualified employees and lead to financial
osses. In addition, we might not be able to achieve our internal
gender diversity objectives to increase the number of women

in management from 18% in 2010 to 25% by 2017.

These increased risks notwithstanding, we continue to believe
our leading market position, employer brand, and extended
enefit programs will enable us to hire top talent internationally
with the potential to contribute to SAP’s growing business
success in the future. We address the risk of an adverse effect
on our business operations from a failure to recruit the
employees we need or from the loss of leaders and employees
y seeking to build employee and leadership strengths through
arange of targeted professional development, mentoring, and
coaching programs, a gender diversity program, and a special
focus on accelerated high-potential employee development
that aims to develop talent as well as leadership talent, in
articular. A strong focus on succession planning for leadership
and key positions seeks for sustainable leadership and to
safeguard the business from disruption caused by staff
turnover.

129


--- Page 75 ---

Although the risks related to failure to attract, develop, and
retain talent could materialize, we believe that this is unlikely
and that the impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows, or potential negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target would be major.
We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Organizational and Governance-Related Risks

Laws and regulatory requirements in Germany, the United
States, and elsewhere have become much more stringent.

As a European company domiciled in Germany with securities
listed in Germany and the United States, we are subject to
European, German, U.S., and other governance-related
regulatory requirements. Changes in laws and regulations and
related interpretations, including changes in accounting
standards and taxation requirements, and increased enforcement
actions and penalties may alter the business environment

in which we operate. Regulatory requirements have become
significantly more stringent in recent years, and some
legislation, such as the anticorruption legislation in Germany,
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act,

and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments by employees,
vendors, distributors, or agents, is being applied more
rigorously. Emerging markets are a significant focus of our
international growth strategy. The nature of these markets
presents a number of inherent risks. A failure by us to comply
with applicable laws and regulations, or any related

allegations of wrongdoing against us, whether merited or not,
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
position, profit, cash flows and reputation.

130

It is difficult to assess the precise potential risk, because there
is a wide variety of complex legal and regulatory requirements
that apply, and therefore an equally wide variety of potential
non-compliance scenarios exist.

However, we continuously monitor new and increased
regulatory requirements, updated or new enforcement trends,
and publicly available information on compliance issues in

the computer software industry, the emerging markets where
we invest our resources, and in the business environment in
general to cope with an increase in regulation enforcement
efforts of certain countries or state-driven protectionism.
Based on this information and any other available sources, we
continuously update and refresh our compliance programs

to achieve the most effective approach possible and to ensure
that our employees understand and comply with the SAP
Code of Business Conduct. This process is coordinated by our
Global Compliance Office, a team of dedicated resources

that are tasked with managing our policy-related compliance
measures. Our chief compliance officer coordinates policy
implementation, training, and enforcement efforts throughout
SAP. Those efforts are monitored and tracked to allow trending
and risk analysis and to ensure consistent policy application
throughout the SAP Group. Despite our comprehensive
compliance programs and established internal controls,
intentional efforts of individuals to circumvent controls or
engage in fraud for personal gains cannot always be prevented.

With regard to the increase of regulation enforcement efforts
we have already experienced and continue to expect as

well as state-driven protectionism we estimate the increased
likelihood of this risk to be unlikely. We cannot completely
exclude the possibility that this risk could have a major impact
on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and

cash flows, or cause a negative deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Non-compliance with applicable data protection and privacy
laws or failure to adequately meet the requirements of
SAP's customers with respect to our products and services
could lead to civil liabilities and fines, as well as loss of
customers and damage to SAP's reputation.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 76 ---

As a global software and service provider, SAP is required to
comply with the laws in the locations where SAP does
business. SAP and its subsidiaries are facing a surge of data
protection and privacy laws and regulations around the world,
with further changes to be expected in the future, for example,
by the European Data Protection Regulation proposed by the
European Commission. These laws and regulations amend and
supplement existing requirements regarding the processing of
personal data that SAP and SAP customers must fulfill and
which we must consequently address with our products and
services, including cloud delivery. Failure to comply with
applicable laws or to adequately address privacy concerns of
customers, even if unfounded, could lead to investigations by
supervisory authorities, civil liability, fines, (in the future,
potentially calculated based on the Company's annual
revenue), loss of customers, damage to our reputation, and
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows.

To mitigate these risks, SAP actively monitors changes to laws
and regulations so we can take adequate measures and certify
our existing standards and policies on an ongoing basis. We
have implemented a wide range of measures to protect data
controlled by SAP and our customers from unauthorized
access and processing, as well as from accidental loss or
destruction. This includes, among others, a continuous
enhancement of our data center operations worldwide, also
taking into account local and/or sector specific market

and legal requirements. We have implemented a certified data
protection management system in areas critical to data
protection, such as support, HR, global services, marketing,
products and innovation, and custom development, whereby
implementation is audited internally and externally by the
British Standard Institutions on an annual basis. Furthermore,
customers are provided with security certifications (such

as ISO 27001), security white papers, and reports from our
independent auditors and certification bodies.

Risk Management and Risks

We estimate this risk to be unlikely, but cannot rule out the
possibility of it having a business-critical impact on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, causing
damage to our reputation, or causing a negative deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this
risk as amedium risk.

Failure to respond to meet customer, partner, or other
stakeholder expectations or generally accepted standards
on climate change, energy constraints, and our social
investment strategy could negatively impact SAP’s business,
results of operations, and reputation.

Energy and emissions management are an integral component

of our holistic management of social, environmental, and

economic risks and opportunities. We have identified risks in

these major areas:

— Our solutions and green IT

— Our own operations — energy management and other
environmental issues such as carbon management, water
use, and waste

Because our customers, employees, and investors expect a
reliable energy and carbon strategy, we have reemphasized our
previously communicated targets, especially our 2020 target
for greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, our customers might
no longer recognize SAP for its environmental leadership and
might buy other vendors’ products and services. Consequently,
we could fail to achieve our revenue target. If we do not meet
stakeholder expectations in the areas identified, our rating in
sustainable investment indices might decrease, which could
have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows.

In recent years, SAP has shown that it is possible to take a
proactive position on social and environmental issues while
delivering robust financial growth. As a result, we received
great recognition for our sustainability efforts. As a proof point
for SAP's sustainability performance, we continue to be listed
in the most prominent and recognized sustainability indices,
such as the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices and the CDP

131


--- Page 77 ---

Climate Performance and Disclosure Leadership Indices. As we
did not meet our greenhouse gas emissions target of 440
kilotons for 2014 we might fail to meet expectations regarding
our energy and emission performance.

However, we believe that the risk of failing to meet expectations
regarding our energy and emission strategy is unlikely to occur
and that if the risk were to occur, it would only have a moderate
impact on our reputation, business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows, as well as on the achievement of our revenue
and operating profit target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Unethical behavior and non-compliance with our integrity
standards due to intentional and fraudulent behavior of
employees could seriously harm our business, financial
position, profit, and reputation.

SAP's leadership position in the global market is founded on
the long-term and sustainable trust of our stakeholders
worldwide. Our heritage is one of corporate transparency, open
communication with financial markets, and adherence to
recognized standards of business integrity. The SAP Code of
Business Conduct, adopted by the Executive Board on January
29, 2003, put into words the already existing guidelines

and expectations for the business behavior practiced at SAP.

However, we may encounter unethical behavior and non-
compliance with our integrity standards due to intentional and
fraudulent behavior of individual employees, possibly in
collusion with external third parties. In addition to intentional
behavior, problems could also arise due to negligence in

the adherence to rules and regulations. Unethical behavior and
misconduct attributable to SAP could not only lead to criminal
charges, fines, and claims by injured parties, but also to
financial loss, and severe reputational damage. This could have
an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows.

132

To help prevent this, we instituted a comprehensive compliance
management system (CMS), which is based on the three
pillars of prevention, detection, and reaction. Our CMS program
comprises several educational, counseling, control, and
investigative instruments. The objective is to minimize and
mitigate the risk of unethical behavior, whether intentional

or negligent.

The SAP Code of Business Conduct is mandatory and applies
to every employee. It provides legal compliance guidance on
how to avoid unethical behavior and solve dilemma situations.
On a yearly basis, the SAP Code of Business Conduct is
re-confirmed by SAP's workforce (except where disallowed by
local legal regulations). We also rolled out and enforce various
additional compliance policies aimed at managing third parties
and preventing misuse of third-party payments for illegal
purposes; ensuring controls around travel, entertainment, gift,
and expense policies; and pushing out a commitment to
business with integrity through our partner and vendor
ecosystems.

These efforts are flanked by continuous education including
e-learning and classroom training to target audiences as
identified by compliance risk assessment. The overall CMS
approach by SAP is continuously monitored internally and
externally, and adapted accordingly, if needed.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of
intentional or negligent major unethical conduct to be remote,
we cannot exclude the possibility that this risk could
materialize. In that event, this risk could have a major impact
on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows and could cause a negative deviation from our
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 78 ---

Communication and Information Risks

Our controls and efforts to prevent the unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information might not always be
effective.

Confidential or strictly confidential information and internal
information that is related to topics such as our strategy, new
technologies, mergers and acquisitions, unpublished financial
results, or personal data, could be prematurely or inadvertently
disclosed and subsequently lead to misperception in the
market. This could require us to notify multiple regulatory
agencies and, where appropriate, the data owner, which could
result in a loss of reputation for SAP. For example, leaked
information during a merger or acquisition deal could cause
the loss of our deal target, or our share price could decline in
case of prematurely published financial results. This could have
an adverse effect on our market position and lead to fines

and penalties. In addition, this could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

We take a wide range of actions to prevent unauthorized
disclosure of information, including procedural and
organizational measures. These measures include mandatory
security awareness training for all employees, standards

for safe internal and external communication, and technical
security features in our IT hardware and communication
channels, such as mandatory encryption of sensitive data.

Although we estimate the likelihood of occurrence of this risk
to be remote, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have a business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows,
or cause a negative deviation from our operating profit

target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Risk Management and Risks

Financial Risks

Our sales are subject to quarterly fluctuations and our
sales forecasts may not be accurate.

Our revenue and operating results can vary and have varied in

the past, sometimes substantially, from quarter to quarter.

Our revenue in general, and in particular our software revenue,

is difficult to forecast for a number of reasons, including:

— The relatively long sales cycles for our products

- The large size, complexity, and extended timing of individual

license transactions

— The introduction of new licensing and deployment models

such as cloud subscription models

— The timing of the introduction of new products or product

enhancements by SAP or our competitors

— Changes in customer budgets

— Decreased software sales that could have an adverse effect

on related maintenance and services revenue

- The timing, size, and length of customers’ services projects

— Deployment models that require the recognition of revenue
over an extended period of time

— Adoption of and conversion to new business models leading
to changed or delayed payment terms

— Seasonality of a customer's technology purchases

— Limited visibility during the ongoing integration of acquired
companies into their ability to accurately predict their sales
pipelines and the likelihood that the projected pipeline will
convert favorably into sales

— Other general economic, social, environmental, and market
conditions, such as the global economic crisis and the
current difficulties for countries with large debt

Since many of our customers make their IT purchasing
decisions near the end of calendar quarters, and with a
significant percentage of those decisions being made during
our fourth quarter, even a small delay in purchasing decisions

133


--- Page 79 ---

for our on-premise software could have an adverse effect on
our revenue results for a given year. Our dependence on large
transactions has decreased in recent years with a trend
towards an increased number of transactions coupled with a
decrease in deal size. However, the loss or delay of one or a
few large opportunities, which are still characteristic of the
large enterprise segment, could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

We use a “pipeline” system to forecast sales and trends in our
business. Pipeline analysis informs and guides our business
planning, budgeting, and forecasting, but pipeline estimates do
not necessarily consistently correlate to revenue in a particular
quarter, potentially due to one or more of the reasons outlined
above. The reliability of our plans, budgets, and forecasts may
therefore be compromised. Because our operating expenses
are based upon anticipated revenue levels and a high
percentage of our expenses are relatively fixed in the near
term, any shortfall in anticipated revenue or delay in revenue
recognition could result in significant variations in our
operating results from quarter to quarter or year to year.
Continued deterioration in global economic conditions

would make it increasingly difficult for us to accurately forecast
demand for our products and services, and could cause our
revenue, operating results, and cash flows to fall short of our
expectations and public forecasts. This could have an adverse
effect on our stock price. To the extent any future expenditure
fails to generate the anticipated increase in revenue, our
quarterly or annual operating results may be subject to an
adverse effect and may vary significantly compared to
preceding or subsequent periods.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that this risk could have a moderate impact on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target.

We classify this risk as a low risk.

134

External factors could impact our liquidity and increase
the default risk associated with, and the valuation of, our
financial assets.

Macroeconomic factors such as an economic downturn could
have an adverse effect on our future liquidity. We use a globally
centralized financial management to control financial risk, such
as liquidity, exchange rate, interest rate, counterparty, and
equity price risks. The primary aim is to maintain liquidity in the
SAP Group at a level that is adequate to meet our obligations
at any time. Our total Group liquidity is supported by our strong
operating cash flows, of which a large part is recurring, and

by credit facilities on which we can draw if necessary. However,
adverse macroeconomic factors could increase the default risk
associated with the investment of our total Group liquidity
including possible liquidity shortages limiting SAP's ability to
repay financial debt. This could have an impact on the value

of our financial assets, which could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP's investment policy with regard to total Group liquidity is
set out in our internal treasury guideline document, which is a
collection of uniform rules that apply globally to all companies
in the SAP Group. Among its stipulations, it requires that with
limited exceptions we invest only in assets and funds rated
BBB flat or better. The weighted average rating of the
investments of our total Group liquidity is in the range A to A-.
We continue to pursue a policy of cautious investment
characterized by wide portfolio diversification with a variety of
counterparties, predominantly short-term investments, and
standard investment instruments.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be remote, there can be no assurance that the prescribed
measures will be successful or that uncertainty in global
economic conditions could not have a business-critical impact
on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, or
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 80 ---

Management's use of estimates could negatively affect our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

To comply with IFRS, management is required to make
numerous judgments, estimates, and assumptions (among
others for our major patent disputes) that affect the reported
financial figures. The facts and circumstances, as well as
assumptions on which management bases these estimates
and judgments and management's judgment regarding the
facts and circumstances, may change from time to time and
this could result in significant changes in the estimates and
judgments and consequently in the reported financials. Such
changes could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, profit and cash flows.

We have a number of control procedures in place to make sure
that our estimates and judgments are adequate. For example,
we apply two-person verification to significant estimating.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of the risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility

of a moderate impact on our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows, or a negative deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Current and future accounting pronouncements and other
financial reporting standards, especially but not only
concerning revenue recognition, may negatively impact the
financial results we present.

We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial
reporting standards and review new pronouncements and
drafts thereof that are relevant to us. As a result of new standards,
changes to existing standards (including the new IFRS 15 on
revenue from contracts with customers that we will likely need
to adopt in 2017), and changes in their interpretation, we might
be required to change our accounting policies, particularly
concerning revenue recognition, to alter our operational
policies so that they reflect new or amended financial reporting
standards, or to restate our published financial statements.
Such changes may have an adverse effect on our reputation,
business, financial position, and profit, or cause an adverse
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target.

Risk Management and Risks

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of the risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility of a
major impact. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Because we conduct operations throughout the world,
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows may
be affected by currency and interest rate fluctuations.

Our SAP Group-wide management reporting and our external
financial reporting are both in euros. Nevertheless, a significant
portion of our business is conducted in currencies other

than the euro. Approximately 71% of our revenue in 2014 was
attributable to operations outside the euro area and was
translated into euros. Consequently, period-over-period
changes in the euro rates for particular currencies can
significantly affect our reported revenue and income. In
general, appreciation of the euro relative to another currency
has an adverse effect while depreciation of the euro relative to
another currency has a positive effect. Variable interest
balance-sheet items are also subject to changes in interest
rates. Such changes may have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit and cash flows or cause an
adverse deviation from our revenue and operating profit target.

We continuously monitor our exposure to currency fluctuation
risks based on balance-sheet items and expected cash flows,
and pursue an SAP Group-wide foreign exchange risk
management strategy using, for example, derivative financial
instruments as appropriate. With regard to our financial debt,

we have a very balanced maturity profile and mixture of fixed
and floating interest rate arrangements in place.

We believe that the likelihood of this risk of significant currency
and interest rate fluctuations affecting our reported revenue
and income materializing is remote and that if the risk were to
occur, its impact on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows could be major, or cause a negative deviation from
our revenue and operating profit target. We classify this risk as
a low risk.

135


--- Page 81 ---

For more information about risks arising from financial
instruments, including our currency and interest-rate risks and
our related hedging activity, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements section, Notes (25) to (26).

The cost of using derivative instruments to hedge share-
based payments may exceed the benefits of hedging them.

We use derivative instruments to reduce the impact of our
share-based payments on our income statement and to limit
future expense associated with those plans. We decide ona
case-by-case basis whether and to what extent we should hedge
this risk. The expense of hedging the share-based payments
could exceed the benefit achieved by hedging them. On the
other hand, a decision to leave the plans materially unhedged
could prove disadvantageous. This could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial position, profit and cash flows
or cause an adverse deviation from our revenue and operating
profit target.

We believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is
remote and that if the risk were to occur, its potential impact
on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and
operating profit target would be minor. We classify this risk as a
low risk.

Project Risks

Implementation of SAP software often involves a significant
commitment of resources by our customers and is subject
to a number of significant risks over which we often have no
control.

Acore element of our business is the successful implementation
of software solutions to enable our customers to make their
business a best-run business. The implementation of SAP
software is led by SAP, by partners, by customers, or bya
combination thereof. Depending on various factors, such as the
complexity of solutions, the customer's implementation,
integration and migration needs, or the resources required, SAP
faces a number of different risks. For example, functional
requirement changes, delays in timeline, or deviation from

136

recommended best practices may occur during the course

of a project. These scenarios have a direct impact on the project
resource model and on securing adequate internal personnel
or consultants in a timely manner and could therefore prove
challenging.

As a result of these and other risks, SAP and/or some of our
customers have incurred significant implementation costs in
connection with the purchase and installation of SAP software
products. Some customers’ implementations have taken
longer than planned. We cannot guarantee that we can reduce
or eliminate protracted installation or significant third-party
consulting costs, that trained consultants will be readily
available, that our costs will not exceed the fees agreed in fixed-
price contracts, or that customers will be satisfied with the
implementation of our software and solutions. Unsuccessful,
lengthy, or costly customer implementation and integration
projects could result in claims from customers, harm SAP's
reputation, and could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows.

Our customers continue to follow project approaches to
optimize their IT solutions in a non-disruptive manner. Our
projects also include risk management processes that are
integrated into SAP project management methods intended to
safeguard implementations with coordinated risk and quality
management programs. In our opinion, we make adequate
financial planning provisions for the remaining individual risks.

We estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
unlikely, but we cannot completely exclude the possibility that
this risk could have a major negative impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 82 ---

Product and Technology Risks

Undetected security vulnerabilities shipped and deployed
within our software products might cause damage to SAP
and our customers, and partners.

Customer systems or systems operated by SAP itself to
provide services could potentially be compromised by
vulnerabilities if they are exploited by hackers. This could lead
to theft, destruction, or abuse of data, or systems could be
rendered unusable (for example, due to distributed denial of
service attacks). The detection of security vulnerabilities in
our software, our customers’ systems, or SAP systems used in
the provision of services, especially in case of exploitation,
could prevent us from meeting our contractual obligations and
subsequently might lead to customer claims and reputational
damage, which might have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows.

SAP has implemented a software security development
lifecycle as a mandatory integral part of our software
development process. We systematically use methods to
develop secure software in all development phases starting
early in the design phase. This includes industry best practices
such as automated security source code scans, mandatory
security training for all developers, and solid testing and validation
of our products, patches, and services before shipment.

SAP has a software security response process in place to
rapidly react to detected vulnerabilities and provide fixes. We
have also improved the roll-out procedures for security-
relevant notes, patches, and service packs to ensure easy and
fast consumption on the customer side.

Risk Management and Risks

We cannot completely exclude the possibility of a negative
impact on our customers’ and partners’ or our own operations
globally or in one or more countries or regions. We estimate
the probability of occurrence of the risk of severe customer
and SAP damages to be unlikely. If such an occurrence happens,
it could have a business-critical impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows as well as on
the achievement of our revenue and operating profit target.

We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Undetected defects in the introduction of new products and
product enhancements could increase our costs, and reduce
customer demand.

To achieve market acceptance and high customer satisfaction,
our new products and product enhancements often require
ong development and testing periods. Development work and
market introduction are subject to risks. For example, products
might not completely meet our stringent high-quality
standards, including security standards, might not fulfill market
needs or customer expectations, or might not comply with

ocal standards and requirements. Furthermore, this risk also
exists with respect to acquired companies’ technologies

and products where we might not be able to manage these as
quickly and successfully as expected. Therefore, market
aunches, entering new markets, or the introduction of new
innovations could be delayed or not be successful.

n addition, new products, including third-party technologies
we have licensed and open source software components we
use in those products, could contain undetected defects or
they might not be mature enough from the customer's point of
view for business-critical solutions. The detection and
correction of any defects especially after shipment could be
expensive and time-consuming and we might not be able to
meet the expectations of customers regarding time and quality
in the defect resolution process. In some circumstances, we
might not be in a position to rectify such defects or entirely
meet the expectations of customers, specifically as we are

137


--- Page 83 ---

expanding our product portfolio into additional markets. As a
result, we might be faced with customer claims for cash
refunds, damages, replacement software, or other concessions.
The risk of defects and their adverse consequences could
increase as we seek to introduce a variety of new software
roducts simultaneously at a higher innovation rate. Significant
undetected defects or delays in introducing new products or
roduct enhancements could affect market acceptance of SAP
software products and could have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

The use of existing SAP software products by customers in
usiness-critical solutions and processes and the relative
complexity and technical interdependency of our software
roducts create a risk that customers or third parties may
ursue warranty, performance, or other claims against us for
actual or alleged defects in SAP software products, in our
rovision of services, or in our application hosting services. We
ave in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to
warranty, performance, or other similar claims.

Although our contracts generally contain provisions designed
to limit our exposure due to actual or alleged defects in SAP
software products or in our provision of services, these
provisions may not cover every eventuality or be effective under
the applicable law. Regardless of its merits, any claim

could entail substantial expense and require the devotion of
significant time and attention by key management

personnel. Publicity surrounding such claims could affect

our reputation and the demand for our software.

138

We counter these risks using a broad range of techniques,
including project management, project monitoring, product
standards and governance, rigid and regular quality assurance
measures certified to ISO 9001:2008, and program risk
assessments during product development as well as market
introduction phases. In addition, direct customer feedback is
considered in the market release decision process. Delivering
high-quality software products is a priority and part of our

core business. Our strong investment and permanent efforts lead
to a generally high level of quality of our products, which is
made transparent in the defined quality perception and support
index and confirmed by our constantly high customer
satisfaction ratings as measured by customer quality perception
reporting.

With regard to the increased volume of open source software
components used in our products as well as in the

products of our acquired companies, we believe that the increased
likelihood of this risk materializing is unlikely. We cannot
completely exclude the possibility that this risk, if it were to occur,
could have a business-critical impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or cause a
negative deviation from our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Changes in our rights to use software and technologies we
license from third parties, which are an integral part of
SAP's products, could slow down time to market and influence
our license pricing and therefore the competitiveness with
other software vendors. Furthermore, it could diminish our
software's functional capabilities and therefore could
jeopardize the stability of our solution portfolio offering.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 84 ---

The numerous third-party technologies we have licensed and
certain open source software components we use have
become an integral part of our product portfolio. We depend on
those technologies for the functionality of our software or
cloud services. Changes to, or the loss of, third-party licenses
as well as open source licenses being construed could
significantly increase the cost of these licenses and significantly
reduce software functionality and/or usability of SAP's
software products. As a result, we might incur additional
development or license costs to ensure the continued
functionality of our products, which could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

This risk increases with each acquisition of a company or a
company’s intellectual property assets that had been

subject to third-party technology licensing, open source software,
and product standards less rigorous than our own.

We strive to execute appropriate due diligence and contract
management processes and to continuously monitor
development projects through our product implementation
lifecycle process and monitoring as part of our cloud
deployment.

We believe that the probability of occurrence of this risk is likely
and we cannot exclude the possibility of a major impact

on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows, or the
possibility of a negative deviation from our revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

If we are unable to keep up with rapid technological
innovations, new business models, and changing market
expectations, we might not be able to compete effectively.

Our future success depends upon our ability to keep pace with
technological and process innovations and new business
models, as well as our ability to develop new products and
services, enhance and expand our existing products and
services portfolio, and integrate products and services we obtain
through acquisitions. To be successful, we are required to

shift our products and our go-to-market approach to a cloud-
based delivery model to satisfy changing customer demand.

Risk Management and Risks

We might not be successful in bringing new business models,
solutions, solution enhancements, and/or services to market
before our competitors. We may also face increasing
competition from open source software initiatives in which
competitors may provide software and intellectual property free
and/or under terms and conditions unfavorable for SAP. In
addition, we might not be able to generate enough revenue to
offset the significant research and development costs we

incur to deliver technological innovations or to offset the required
infrastructure costs to deliver our solutions and services as
part of our new business models. Moreover, we might not
anticipate and develop technological improvements or succeed
in adapting our products, services, processes, and

business models to technological change, changing regulatory
requirements, emerging industry standards, and changing
requirements of our customers and partners. Finally, we

might not succeed in producing high-quality products,
enhancements, and releases in a timely and cost-effective
manner to compete with products, solutions, and other
technologies offered by our competitors, which could have an
adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows.

We will continue to align our organization, processes, products,
delivery model, and services to changing markets and
customer and partner demands. We invent new technology and
new solutions such as the next-generation suite SAP S/4HANA
or adopt the latest technology if there is a clear business
opportunity for SAP and if it provides value to our customers.
To ensure that we remain competitive in the future, we still
conduct wide-ranging market and technology analyses and
research projects, often in close cooperation with our
customers and partners. We strive for strategic acquisitions
with the potential to drive innovation and contribute to
achieving our growth target.

139


--- Page 85 ---

We believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is
remote; however, we cannot exclude the business-critical
impact this risk would have on our reputation, business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows, or the potential negative
deviation from our revenue and operating profit target if it

were to materialize. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Our technology and/or product strategy may not be
successful or our customers and partners might not adopt
our technology platforms and other innovations accordingly.

We offer customers a broad portfolio of products, solutions,
and services. Our technology strategy centers on SAP HANA
as a real-time in-memory computing platform for analytics and
applications. The success of our technology strategy depends
on the convergence of SAP HANA with our mobile, cloud, and
SAP NetWeaver platform. It also depends on the delivery of
SAP solutions based on the SAP HANA platform as well as the
success of our new framework to meet changing customer
expectations regarding end-to-end user experience. Our
technology strategy also relies on our ability to maintain a
dynamic network of partner organizations developing their
own business applications using our technology platforms.

We might not be successful in integrating our platforms,
enabling the complete product portfolio, harmonizing our user
interface design and technology, integrating acquired
technologies, or bringing new solutions based on the SAP HANA
platform to the market as fast as expected. In addition, we
may not be able to compete effectively in the area of managed
cloud services. As a result, our partner organizations and
customers might not adopt the SAP HANA platform or our
managed cloud services quickly enough or they might consider
competitive solutions. This could have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

140

We believe that we will be able to deliver additional business
value with minimum disruption to our customers if we

can successfully drive the integration and convergence of our
technology platform offerings as well as acquired technologies,
enable our current product portfolio for SAP HANA, develop
new solutions based on SAP HANA, and offer comprehensive
cloud-based services. We enable and encourage partners to
leverage SAP technology by providing guidance about business
opportunities, architecture, and technology, as well as a
comprehensive certification program designed to ensure that
third-party solutions are of consistently high quality.

We believe that the increased likelihood of this risk
materializing is unlikely, due to products that have been or will
be developed together with acquired companies. If this risk
were to occur, its impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, cash flows, and revenue and operating profit
target would be business-critical. We classify this risk as a
medium risk.

Our cloud offerings might be subject to a security attack,
become unavailable, or fail to perform properly.

The software used in our cloud portfolio is inherently complex

and any defects in product functionality, system stability,

or data center operations that cause interruptions in the

availability of our application portfolio could result in the

following:

— Lost or delayed market acceptance and sales

— Breach of warranty or other contract breach or
misrepresentation claims

— Sales credits or refunds to our customers or partners

— Loss of customers and/or partners

— Diversion of development and customer service resources

— Breach of data protection and privacy laws and regulations

— Customers considering competitive cloud offerings

Combined Management Report


--- Page 86 ---

The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors might be
substantial and could have an adverse effect on our reputation,
usiness, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Because of
the large amount of data that we collect and manage, it is
ossible that hardware failures, defects in our software, or
errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption, or
cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or
contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as significant.
Furthermore, the availability of our cloud applications could

e interrupted by a number of factors, including customers’
inability to access the Internet, the failure of our network
or software systems due to human or other error, security
reaches, or variability in user traffic for our cloud applications.
Additionally, any loss of the right to use hardware purchased
or leased from third parties could result in delays in our ability
to provide our cloud applications until equivalent technology
is either developed by us or, if available, identified. Furthermore,
our cooperation with partners in the area of cloud includes the
co-location of data centers that might expose SAP to additional
risks in the area of security and data protection, as well as the
potential for breached service-level agreements by partners.

We have administrative, technical, and physical security
measures in place as well as contracts that require third-party
data centers to have appropriate security and data protection
and privacy measures in place. In this context, customers
might demand to only use specific and/or local data centers.
However, if these security measures are breached as a

result of third-party action, employee error or malfeasance, or
otherwise, and if, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized
access to our customers’ data, which may include personally
identifiable information regarding users, our reputation could

be damaged, our business may suffer, local data protection and
privacy laws or regulations might be breached, and we could
incur significant liability.

Risk Management and Risks

In addition, our insurance coverage might not cover claims
against us for loss or security breach of data or other indirect
or consequential damages. Moreover, defending a suit,
regardless of its merit, could be costly and time-consuming. In
addition to potential liability, if we experience interruptions

in the availability of our cloud applications, our reputation could
be harmed and we could lose customers.

Our mitigation measures have been designed and implemented
to minimize such adverse effects. We continuously invest

in protecting the integrity and security of our products and
services as well as internal and external data that is managed
within our data centers. We are consolidating and harmonizing
our data centers and our data protection measures, including
implementing SAP Enterprise Threat Detection software, our
own cybersecurity tool based on SAP HANA as well as network
access control enforcement, to run a homogeneous landscape
that supports the complex infrastructure, application, and
security requirements so that we can deliver the required
service level for cloud solutions.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that any disruption of our cloud operations could result in a
business-critical impact on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, cash flows, and revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a medium risk.

Operational Risks
Third parties have claimed, and might claim in the future,
that we infringe their intellectual property rights, which

could lead to damages being awarded against us and limit
our ability to use certain technologies in the future.

141


--- Page 87 ---

We believe that we will increasingly be subject to intellectual
property infringement claims as the number of products in our
industry segment grows, as we acquire companies with
increased use of third-party code including open source code,
as we expand into new industry segments with our products,
resulting in greater overlap in the functional scope of products,
and as non-practicing entities that do not design, manufacture,
or distribute products increasingly assert intellectual property
infringement claims.

Any claims, with or without merit, and negotiations or litigation
relating to such claims, could preclude us from utilizing certain
technologies in our products, be time-consuming, result in
costly litigation, and require us to pay damages to third parties,
stop selling or reconfigure our products and, under certain
circumstances, pay fines and indemnify our customers, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial profile,
profit, cash flows, and reputation. They could also require us to
enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on terms that
are not favorable to us, cause product shipment delays, subject
our products to injunctions, require a complete or partial
redesign of products, result in delays to our customers’ investment
decisions, and damage our reputation.

Software includes many components or modules that provide
different features and perform different functions. Some

of these features or functions may be subject to third-party
intellectual property rights. The rights of another party

could encompass technical aspects that are similar to one or
more technologies in one or more of our products. Intellectual
property rights of third parties could preclude us from using
certain technologies in our products or require us to enter into
royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable or
expensive terms.

142

The software industry is making increasing use of open source
software in its development work on solutions. We also
integrate certain open source software components from third
parties into our software. Open source licenses may require
that the software code in those components or the software
into which they are integrated be freely accessible under open
source terms. Third-party claims may require us to make
freely accessible under open source terms one of our products
or non-SAP software upon which we depend.

SAP continues to expand its participation in standards
organizations and increase the use of such standards in its
products. Participation in standards organizations might require
the licensing of SAP's intellectual property to contributors

to the standard and to all standards implementers, including
competitors, on a non-discriminatory basis in accordance

with licensing terms defined by standards organizations. Within
the software-related standards field, there is a trend toward
expanding the scope of licensing obligations and narrowing an
intellectual property owner's right to revoke a license if sued

by a licensee. In certain situations, limitations on SAP's rights
to revoke a license could reduce SAP's ability to assert a patent
infringement claim against a third party. Assertion of patents
inadvertently licensed through standards could expose SAP to
third-party claims.

Our Global Compliance Office is responsible for constantly
assessing and managing risks associated with third-party
intellectual property. It works closely with our Global GRC
organization. The Global Compliance Office investigates the
way we handle intellectual property, sets internal policies,
and monitors compliance with these policies.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 88 ---

We consider the probability of this risk materializing to be
likely, and that any claims concerning intellectual property
rights of third parties, open source requirements, or certain
standards could have a business-critical impact on our
business, financial position, profit, cash flows and reputation,
as well as on the achievement of our revenue and operating
profit target, and could also exacerbate the other risks we
describe in this report. We classify this risk as a high risk.

We are named as a defendant in various legal proceedings for
alleged intellectual property infringements. For more
information and a more detailed discussion relating to certain
of these legal proceedings, see the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, Note (24).

Claims and lawsuits against us could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows,
and reputation.

Claims and lawsuits are brought against us, including claims
and lawsuits involving businesses we have acquired. Adverse
outcomes to some or all of the claims and lawsuits pending
against us might result in the award of significant damages or
injunctive relief against us that could hinder our ability to
conduct our business and could have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is
intrinsically uncertain. Management's view of the litigation may
also change in the future. Actual outcomes of litigation and
other claims or lawsuits could differ from the assessments
made by management in prior periods which are the basis for
the lawsuit-related provisions we set up according to the IFRS.

We consider the probability of occurrence of this risk to be
likely, and cannot exclude its business-critical impact on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and
revenue and operating profit target if it were to materialize.
We classify this risk as a high risk.

Risk Management and Risks

For more information and more detailed discussion relating to
certain of these legal proceedings, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, Note (24).

We might not acquire and integrate companies effectively or
successfully and our strategic alliances might not be
successful.

To expand our business, we have in the past made acquisitions
of businesses, products, and technologies. Such acquisitions
have increased in size and in strategic importance for SAP, and
we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the future.
Management's negotiation of potential acquisitions and
alliances and integration of acquired businesses, products, or
technologies demands time, focus, and resources of
management and of the workforce. Acquisitions of companies,
businesses, and technology expose us to unpredictable
operational difficulties, expenditures, and increased risks.
These risks include, among others:
— The selection of the wrong integration model for the acquired
company
- The failure to integrate the acquire
business and licensing models
— Failure to successfully integrate acquired technologies or
solutions into SAP’s solution portfolio and strategy ina
imely and profitable manner
- The failure to integrate the acquired company’s operations
across SAP's different cultures, languages, and local
protocols, all within the constraints of applicable local laws
— The failure to meet the needs of the acquired company’s
ustomers and partners in the combined company
— The diversion of management's time and attention from daily
operations
— The loss of key personnel of the acquired business

business and its different

+

fe)

143


--- Page 89 ---

— Material unknown liabilities and contingent liabilities of
acquired companies, including legal, tax, accounting
intellectual property, or other significant liabilities that may
not be detected through the due diligence process

— Legal and regulatory constraints (such as contract obligations,
privacy frameworks and agreements)

— Difficulties in implementing, restoring, or maintaining internal
controls, procedures, and policies

— Practices or policies of the acquired company that may be
incompatible with our compliance requirements

— An adverse effect on relationships with existing customers,
partners, or third-party providers of technology or products

— Difficulties in integrating the acquired company’s accounting,
HR, and other administrative systems and coordination of
the acquired company's research and development (R&D),
sales, and marketing functions

— Debt incurrence or significant cash expenditures

— Constraints in enforcing acquired companies’ compliance
with existing SAP security standards in a timely manner

— Difficulties in customer implementation projects combining
technologies and solutions from both SAP and the acquired
company

In addition, acquired businesses might not perform as
anticipated, resulting in charges for the impairment of goodwill
and other intangible assets on our statements of financial
position. Such charges may have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. We have
entered into, and expect to continue to enter into, alliance
arrangements for a variety of purposes, including the
development of new products and services. There can be no
assurance that any such products or services will be
successfully developed or that we will not incur significant
unanticipated liabilities in connection with such arrangements.
We may not be successful in overcoming these risks and we
may therefore not benefit as anticipated from acquisitions or
alliances.

144

We counter these acquisition-related risks with many different
methodological and organizational measures. These include
technical, operational, financial, and legal due diligence on the
company or assets to be acquired and a holistic evaluation of
material transaction and integration risks. The methods we use
depend on the integration scenario. Our integration planning

is detailed and standardized, and carried out by a dedicated
integration team. We therefore believe we have minimized

this risk.

Although we estimate this risk to be unlikely, we cannot
completely exclude the possibility that this risk could have a
business-critical impact on our business, financial position,
profit, cash flows, and revenue and operating profit target. We
classify this risk as a medium risk.

We may not be able to obtain adequate title to, or licenses
in, or to enforce, intellectual property.

Protecting and defending our intellectual property is crucial to
our success. We use a variety of means to identify and monitor
otential risks and to protect our intellectual property. These
include applying for patents, registering trademarks and other
marks and copyrights, implementing measures to stop
copyright and trademark infringement, entering into licensing,
confidentiality, and non-disclosure agreements, and deploying
rotection technology. Despite our efforts, we might not be
able to prevent third parties from obtaining, using, or selling
without authorization what we regard as our proprietary
technology and information. All of these measures afford only
imited protection, and our proprietary rights could be
challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, or otherwise
affected. Some intellectual property might be vulnerable

Combined Management Report


--- Page 90 ---

to disclosure or misappropriation by employees, partners, or
other third parties. Third parties might independently develop
technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to
our technology. Finally, third parties might reverse-engineer or
otherwise obtain and use technology and information that

we regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we might not be able to
protect our proprietary rights against unauthorized third-party
copying or utilization, which could have an adverse effect on
our competitive and financial positions, and result in reduced
sales. Any legal action we bring to enforce our proprietary
rights could also involve enforcement against a partner or
other third party, which may have an adverse effect on our
ability, and our customers’ ability, to use that partner’s or other
third parties’ products. In addition, the laws and courts of
certain countries may not offer effective means to enforce our
intellectual property rights. This could have an adverse effect

on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash
flows.

We rely on a combination of the protections provided by
applicable statutory and common law rights, including trade
secret, copyright, patent, and trademark laws, license and
non-disclosure agreements, and technical measures to establish
and protect our proprietary rights in our products. We

ave established various internal programs, such as internal
olicies, processes, and monitoring, to assess and manage

the risks associated with standards organizations, open source,
and third-party intellectual property.

We may be dependent in the aggregate on technology that we
icense from third parties that is embedded in our products
or that we resell to our customers. We have licensed and will
continue to license numerous third-party software products
that we incorporate into and/or distribute with our existing
roducts. We endeavor to protect ourselves in the respective
agreements by obtaining certain rights in case such
agreements are terminated. We are party to certain patent
cross-license agreements with third parties.

Risk Management and Risks

We estimate the probability of this risk occurring as likely, and
that it could have a business-critical impact on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and revenue and
operating profit target. We classify this risk as a high risk.

SAP's business strategy focuses on certain business models
that are highly dependent on a working cyberspace. A
cybersecurity breach could have an adverse effect on our
customers, our reputation, and our business.

The key cybersecurity risks currently applicable to SAP include
state-driven economic espionage as well as competitor-driven
industrial espionage, and criminal activities including, but not
limited to, cyber-attacks and “ mega breaches” against
on-premise software, hosted, and cloud services. This might
result in, for example, leakage of confidential information

and intellectual property, defective products, production
downtimes, supply shortages, and compromised data
(including personal data). A failure of our cybersecurity
measures could expose our business operations and service
delivery to the described risks, for example, virtual attack,
disruption, damage, and/or unauthorized access. Additionally,
we could be subject to recovery costs, for example, as well as
significant contractual and legal claims by customers, partners,
authorities, and third-party service providers for damages
against us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.

145


--- Page 91 ---

To address the increasing cybersecurity threats, SAP is
continuously adapting and modifying its security procedures.
We have multiple security measures in place, such as technical
IT security measures, identity and access management, and
mandatory security and compliance trainings. In addition, our
security governance model clearly defines security
management accountabilities for all security areas regarding
product security and corporate security, which enables us

to respond quickly to identified cybersecurity risks.

Although we still consider the occurrence of this risk to be
unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility that this
risk could have a business-critical impact on our business,
financial position, profit, cash flows, and reputation as well as
revenue and operating profit target. We classify this risk as
amedium risk.

We may not be able to protect our critical information and
assets or to safeguard our business operations against
disruption.

SAP is highly dependent on the exchange of a wide range of
information across our global operations and on the availability
of our infrastructure. With regard to our physical environment,
we face several key security risks such as industrial and/or
economic espionage, serious and organized crime, and other
illegal activities, as well as violent extremism and terrorism.

We might be endangered by threats including, but not limited to,

social engineering, misuse, or theft of information or assets,

or damage to assets by trespassers in our facilities or by people
who have gained unauthorized physical access to our facilities,
systems, or information. These could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial profile, profit, and cash flows.

146

To minimize these risks, we have implemented several
technical and organizational measures designed to safeguard
our information, IT and facility infrastructure, and other assets.
These measures include, for example, physical access control
systems at facilities, multilevel access controls, closed-circuit
television surveillance, and security personnel in all critical
areas. Access to information and information systems is controlled
using authorization concepts. Managers and employees are
regularly sensitized to the issues and given mandatory security
and compliance training. We keep these measures under
continuous review to meet current threats.

Although we estimate the probability of occurrence of this risk
to be unlikely, we cannot completely exclude the possibility
that any misuse, theft, or breach of security could have a
moderate impact on our business, financial position, profit,
and cash flows as well as on our revenue and operating profit
target. We classify this risk as a low risk.

Our insurance coverage might not be sufficient and
uninsured losses may occur.

We maintain insurance coverage to protect us against a broad
range of risks, at levels we believe are appropriate and
consistent with current industry practice. Our objective is to
exclude or minimize risk of financial loss at reasonable cost.
However, we may incur losses that may be beyond the limits, or
outside the scope, of coverage of our insurance and that may
limit or prevent indemnification under our insurance policies. In
addition, we might not be able to maintain adequate insurance
coverage on commercially reasonable terms in the future.
Further, certain categories of risks are currently not insurable
at reasonable cost, which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Finally, there
can be no assurance of the financial ability of the insurance
companies to meet their claim payment obligations.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 92 ---

In view of the scope of our insurance coverage and our selection
of insurers, and because we keep our insurance programs
under constant review, we believe that the likelihood of this risk
materializing is remote.

However, we cannot exclude the possibility of a business-
critical impact on our business, financial position, profit, cash
flows, and operating profit target if the risk were to occur.

We classify this risk as a medium risk.

We could incur significant losses in connection with venture
capital investments.

Through Sapphire Ventures (formerly SAP Ventures), our
consolidated venture investment funds, we plan to continue
investing in new and promising technology businesses.

Many such investments initially generate net losses and require
additional expenditures from their investors. Changes to
planned business operations have, in the past affected, and
may in the future affect, the performance of companies in
which Sapphire Ventures holds investments, and that could
have an adverse effect on the value of our investments in
Sapphire Ventures, which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Furthermore,
tax deductibility of capital losses and impairment in connection
with equity securities are often restricted and could therefore
have an adverse effect on our effective tax rate.

To address this risk, Sapphire Ventures diversifies its portfolio

and manages our investments actively. In addition, our venture
capital activities have a limited scope.

Risk Management and Risks

We believe that the likelihood of this risk materializing is
remote and that if the risk were to occur, its potential impact
on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and
operating profit target would be minor. We classify this risk as
a low risk.

Consolidated Risk Profile

SAP consolidates and aggregates all risks reported by the
different business units and functions following our risk
management policy, monitored by an SAP Group-wide risk
management governance function.

Compared to previous years, in 2014 we recognized only minor
changes in the percentages of all individual risks categorized
as “high” or “medium” in our risk-level matrix. At the end of the
year, the number of risks categorized as “high” accounted for
11% (2013: 12%) of all identified risks, while the risks categorized
as “medium” accounted for 46% (2013: 39%) of all identified
risks.

In our view, considering their likelihood of occurrence and
impact level, the risks described in our aggregated risk report
do not individually or cumulatively threaten our ability to
continue as a going concern. Management remains confident
that the SAP Group's earnings strength forms a solid basis for
our future business development and provides the necessary
resource to pursue the opportunities available to the
SAP Group. Because of our strong position in the market, our
technological leadership, our highly motivated employees,
and our structured processes for early risk identification, we
are confident that we can continue to successfully counter
the challenges arising from the risks in our risk profile in 2015.

147


--- Page 93 ---

Expected Developments and Opportunities

FUTURE TRENDS IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY

The European Central Bank (ECB) forecasts that global
economic activity will continue to regain strength gradually but
that the recovery will remain modest. Economic prospects for
the various countries and regions are becoming increasingly
mixed: The ECB believes key advanced economies should do
well in the years to come; while structural problems will grow
more severe and credit will become tighter in the emerging
economies. Developments in current geopolitical flashpoints,
for example in the Middle East and Ukraine, could also be a
crucial factor, the ECB says.

In the Europe, Middle-East, and Africa (EMEA) region, economic
growth may be slower than the worldwide average in 2015.
Notably, growth in the euro area may remain weak. In the euro
area, the ECB now expects annual growth of a little more than
1% in 2015 and 2016, which is a downward correction of its
earlier forecasts. However, the ECB believes various monetary
interventions could bear fruit in 2015, encouraging company
investment. The ECB projects relatively robust growth in
Central and Eastern Europe, rooted in a gradual increase in
domestic demand. On the other hand, it expects export trade
will be hampered by the geopolitical tensions between

Russia and Ukraine.

Growth may also be slower than the global average in the
Americas region in 2015, says the ECB. The ECB predicts
strong economic growth in the United States in the future.
Better conditions on the labor and housing markets and
continuing easier finance should have a positive influence.
However, the ECB believes that in Latin America growth

will stay on a low level as commodity prices continue to fall
and production costs increase. Clear differences in countries’
erformance may remain. The ECB observes constraining
factors in Brazil in particular, whereas it notes that in Mexico
growth may accelerate in years to come as a result of that
country’s far-reaching structural reforms.

148

Growth prospects remain mixed in the Asia-Pacific-Japan (APJ)
region for the coming years, according to the ECB. In light of
encouraging signs from housing and industrial output, the ECB
expects positive numbers from Japan in 2015. It estimates
that in 2015, the Chinese economy will grow slightly slower
than in 2014. Consumer spending and trade are expected to
make the largest contributions to growth in China.

Economic Trends — Year-Over-Year GDP Growth

Percent

2013e 2014p 2015p
World 3.3 3.3 3.5
Advanced economies 1.3 1.8 2.4
Developing and emerging economies 47 44 43
Europe, the Middle East,
and Africa (EMEA)
Euro area -0.5 0.8 1.2
Germany 0.2 U8) 1.3
Central and Eastern Europe 2.8 2H 2.9
Middle East and North Africa 2.2 28 3.3
Sub-Saharan Africa 5.2 48 49
Americas
United States 2.2 24 3.6
Canada 2.0 24 2.3
Central and South America, 28 1.2 1.3
Caribbean
Asia-Pacific-Japan (APJ)
Japan 1.6 0.1 0.6
Asian developing economies 6.6 6.5 6.4
China 7.8 74 6.8

e= estimate: p= projection
Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook Update January 2015, Cross Currents,
as of January 20, 2018, p.3

IT MARKET: THE OUTLOOK FOR 2015

Expansion of the worldwide IT market year-over-year will
slow slightly to 3.7% (software: 6.5%) in 2015, according to
International Data Corporation (IDC), a market research
firm based in the United States. It believes that across the
advanced, emerging, and developing economies, there

will be stable demand for IT in the coming years. However,
it expects prices to come under increasing pressure as

Combined Management Report


--- Page 94 ---

competing segments, such as cloud offerings and classic

software products, react to one another.
moreover, the future expansion of the IT
the resilience of the global economy in t
risk factors, for example the Ebola epide:

nIDC's view,
market depends on
je face of many
mic, the activities of

Islamic State in the Middle East, the troubles in Ukraine,
and the political tension in Southeast Asia.

In the EMEA region, IDC expects overall IT market growth to
decelerate to 3.0% in 2015. Nonetheless, it predicts growth in
the software and services segments of 5.3% and 3.3%
respectively; both higher than in 2014. According to IDC, IT
spending in Western Europe will possibly grow 1.2% in 2015 —
considerably more slowly than in 2014. The German IT market
may grow only slightly more quickly than that, at 1.5%. In
Central and Eastern Europe, IT spending growth could again
increase, to 7.1% (Russia: 5.9%) in 2015, but in the Middle East
and Africa it might slow to single-digit growth of 8.6%, IDC says.

In the Americas region, IDC projects that in 2015 the IT market
will continue to expand at 3.9% — a similar rate to that in 2014.
It forecasts 7.3% growth in the software segment, as in 2014,
and 2.7% growth in the services segment, somewhat slower
than in 2014. IDC forecasts that IT spending may grow 3.5%

in the United States and 5.7% in Latin America (Brazil: 3.2%;
Mexico 6.3%) in 2015.

Expansion of overall IT spending in the APJ region may be
sustained at 4.4% in 2015, according to IDC. That could include
accelerated growth of 6.2% in the software segment. IDC
expects IT market growth to slow by 0.2% in Japan and 4.4%

in China in 2015.

Expected Developments and Opportunities

Trends in the IT Market - Increased IT Spending Year-Over-Year
Percent

2013e 2014p 2015p

World

Total IT 4.6 41 3.7
Hardware 49 3.8 2.8
Packaged software 7.4 6.1 6.5
Applications 7.3 6.0 6.2
IT services 2.6 33} 3.5

Europe, Middle East,

and Africa (EMEA)

Total IT 3.1 3.6 3.0
Packaged software 4.5 41 5.2
Applications 45 42 5.0
IT services 15 2.6 3.3

Americas

Total IT 5.2 43 3.9
Packaged software 8.9 7.3 7.3
Applications 8.9 71 7.0
IT services 2.8 hil 2.7

Asia-Pacific-Japan (APJ)

Total IT 5.7 44 4.4
Packaged software 8.2 5.8 6.2
Applications 7.8 6.0 5.9
IT services 4.3 5) 5.8

e= estimate, p = projection
Source: IDC Worldwide Black Book Q3 2014 Update

IMPACT ON SAP

SAP expects to outperform the global economy and the IT
industry again in 2015 in terms of revenue growth. The last
years of growth momentum underscore our leadership in the
transformation of the industry.

In 2014, we delivered on our Run Simple strategy to help our
customers transform their businesses. SAP's strong growth is
driven by the SAP HANA platform, the broadest cloud portfolio,
and the largest business network in the world. SAP powers the
clear path to growth for businesses in the 21st century: run

real time, run networked, Run Simple. We will continue to push

149


--- Page 95 ---

relentlessly toward a much more predictable business model,
in parallel we will further expand our core business and at the
same time we will continue to expand our operating profit.

We are well-positioned and therefore confident we can achieve
our medium-term targets for 2017 and 2020, assuming that
the economic environment and IT industry develop as currently
forecasted. Balanced in terms of regions as well as industries,
we are well-positioned with our product offering to offset
smaller individual fluctuations in the global economy and IT
market.

The significantly more volatile market environment challenges
also SAP to reach its ambitious targets. Our market and the
demands of our customers are changing rapidly. We anticipated
these changes early and positioned ourselves strategically.
A comparison of our business outlook with forecasts for the
global economy and IT industry shows that we can be
successful even in a tough economic environment and will
further strengthen our position as the market leader of
enterprise application software.

We plan to continue to invest in countries in which we expect
significant growth. Such countries include Brazil, China, India,
Russia, as well as countries in the Middle East and Africa. We
therefore expect to see further future growth potential not only
regionally but also with our broad product offering helping us
reach our ambitious 2015 outlook targets and medium-term
aspirations for 2017 and 2020.

OPERATIONAL TARGETS FOR 2015 (NON-IFRS)

Changes to Income Statement Structure

As outlined in the Service and Support section in this report,
we have started to combine several of our services under our
SAP ONE Service approach. In aligning our financial reporting
with this change, starting in 2015, we are combining the
revenue from premium support services with the revenue from
professional services and other services in a new services
revenue line item in our income statement. Until 2014,

150

revenues from premium support services were classified as
support revenues. Simultaneously with this change, we are
simplifying and clarifying the labeling of several line items in
our income statement. This includes renaming the previous
revenue subtotal labeled software and support (which included
premium support revenues) to software licenses and support
(which no longer includes premium support revenues).

The previous revenue subtotal labeled software and software-
related service revenue is renamed cloud and software and
accordingly no longer includes premium support revenue,
which is now reclassified under the new services revenue line
item. The two revenue line items, cloud subscriptions and
support and total revenue are not affected by any of these
changes and remain unaltered.

Our outlook for 2015 and beyond as outlined below is based on

this modified income statement.

Revenue and Operating Profit Outlook

We are providing the following outlook for the full year 2015:

— SAP expects full-year 2015 non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and
support revenue to be in a range of €1.95 billion to €2.05
billion at constant currencies (2014: €1.10 billion). The upper
end of this range represents a growth rate of 86% at
constant currencies. Concur and Fieldglass are expected to
contribute approximately 50 percentage points to this
growth.

— SAP expects full-year 2015 non-IFRS cloud and software
revenue to increase by 8% to 10% at constant currencies
(2014: €14.33 billion).

— SAP expects full-year 2015 non-IFRS o}
arange of €5.6 billion to €5.9 bi
(2014: €5.64 billion).

erating profit to be in
ion at constant currencies

Combined Management Report


--- Page 96 ---

While our full-year 2015 business outlook is at constant
currencies, actual currency reported figures are expected to
continue to be impacted by currency exchange rate
fluctuations. If exchange rates remain at the December 2014
closing rates for the rest of the year 2015, the Company
expects the non-IFRS cloud and software revenue growth rate
to experience a currency benefit of approximately two
percentage points and the non-IFRS operating profit growth
rate at actual currencies to experience a currency benefit

of approximately one percentage point for the full-year 2015.

We expect that non-IFRS total revenue will continue to depend
largely on the revenue from cloud and software. However,

the revenue growth we expect from this is below the outlook
provided for non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support
revenue.

The following table shows the estimates of the items that
represent the differences between our non-IFRS financial
measures and our IFRS financial measures.

Non-IFRS Measures
€ millions

Estimated Actual Amounts

Amounts for 2015 for 2014

Revenue adjustments <20 19
Share-based payment expenses 520 to 560 290
Acquisition-related charges 670 to 720 562
Restructuring 150 to 250 126

In 2014, we incurred an expense of €309 million in connection
with the TomorrowNow und Versata lawsuits. Versata and SAP
have entered into a patent license and settlement agreement in
Q3 2014.

The company expects a full-year 2015 effective tax rate (IFRS)

of 25.0% to 26.0% (2014: 24.7%) and an effective tax rate
(non-IFRS) of 26.5% to 27.5% (2014: 26.1%).

Expected Developments and Opportunities

Goals for Liquidity and Finance

On December 31, 2014, we had a negative net liquidity. We
believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn
credit facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating
financing needs also in 2015 and, together with expected cash
flows from operations, will support debt repayments and

our currently planned capital expenditure requirements over
the near term and medium term. We intend to repay a
US$300 million U.S. private placement and a €550 million
Eurobond when they mature in October and November 2015,
respectively. Furthermore, we are planning to repay a
substantial amount of our outstanding bank loans and refinance
another part through the debt capital markets. By the

time of this report, we have no concrete plans for future share
buybacks.

Investment Goals

Our planned capital expenditures for 2015 and 2016, other than
from business combinations, mainly comprise the construction
activities described in the section Assets (IFRS) section of this
report. We expect investments from these activities of
approximately €170 million during the next two years. These
investments can be covered in full by operating cash flow.

Proposed Dividend

Until now, our policy has been to distribute more than 30% of
profit after tax in dividend. In practice however, the payout has
been greater than 35% of profit after tax in all recent years.
We are therefore amending our policy, which from now on will
be to pay a dividend totaling more than 35% of profit after tax.

Premises on Which Our Outlook Is Based

In preparing our outlook guidance, we have taken into account
all events known to us at the time we prepared this report

that could influence SAP's business going forward.

151


--- Page 97 ---

Among the premises on which this outlook is based are those
presented concerning economic development and the
assumption that there will be no effects from a major acquisition.

OUTLOOK FOR SAP SE

The primary source of revenue for SAP SE is the license fees it
charges subsidiaries for the right to market and maintain SAP
software solutions. Consequently, the performance of SAP SE
in operating terms is closely tied to the cloud and software
revenue of the SAP Group.

We expect SAP SE product revenue to increase at constant
currencies generally in line with the 8% to 10% constant-
currency rise in non-IFRS cloud and software revenue
anticipated for the SAP Group in 2015.

Negative effects totaling €267 million from non-recurring
payments relating to the settlement of lawsuits impacted SAP
SE's operating income in 2014. Also, in 2015 there will be a
positive non-recurring effect of €266 million from the realization
of unrecognized gains from forward currency contracts.
Consequently, we expect an unusually steep rise in operating
income in 2015, provided the SAP Group achieves its targets
and there are no non-recurring negative effects.

Provided the SAP Group continues to hit its revenue and profit
targets, we expect SAP SE to sustain revenue and operating
income growth into the medium term.

We believe SAP SE, the parent company of the SAP Group,
will receive investment income in the form of profit transfers
and dividends again in the future. The growth we expect from
the SAP Group should have a positive effect on SAP SE
investment income.

152

The outlook projections for the SAP Group in respect of
liquidity, finance, investment, and dividend are equally
applicable to SAP SE.

Among the assumptions underlying this outlook are those
presented above concerning the economy and our
expectations for the performance of the SAP Group.

MEDIUM-TERM PROSPECTS
In this section, all discussion of the medium-term prospects is
based exclusively on non-IFRS measures.

SAP expects to grow its more predictable revenue business
while steadily increasing operating profit. Our strategic
objectives are focused primarily on the following financial and
non-financial objectives: growth, profitability, customer
loyalty, and employee engagement.

Looking beyond 2015, SAP updated its ambition for 2017. We
continue to expect fast growth in our cloud business, with
cloud subscriptions and support revenue reaching a range
between €3.5 billion to €3.6 billion in 2017. Total revenue is
expected to reach €21 billion to €22 billion and operating profit
is expected to be between €6.3 billion and €7.0 billion in 2017.

The changes to the 2017 goals reflect the impact of the Concur
acquisition and anticipated faster customer adoption of SAP’s
managed cloud offering. SAP also anticipates that its fast-
growing cloud business along with growth in support revenue
will drive a higher share of more predictable revenue, with the
total of cloud subscriptions and support revenue and software
support revenue reaching 65% to 70% of total revenue in

2017 (2014: 57%).

Combined Management Report


--- Page 98 ---

By 2017, SAP's rapidly growing cloud subscriptions and support
revenue is expected to be close to software license revenue —
and is expected to exceed software licenses revenue in 2018. At
that time, SAP expects to reach a scale in its cloud business
that will clear the way for accelerated operating profit
expansion.

SAP also has high-level ambitions for 2020, with 2020 cloud
subscriptions and support revenue expected to reach €7.5
billion to €8.0 billion. Total revenue is expected to be between
€26 billion and €28 billion and operating profit is expected to
be in a range of €8 billion to €9 billion in 2020. We expect the
share of more predictable revenue to grow further, with the
total of cloud subscriptions and support revenue and software
support revenue reaching between 70% and 75% of total
revenue in 2020. To realize the expected increase in operating
profit, until 2020 SAP aims to grow gross profit from cloud
subscriptions and support (defined as the difference between
cloud subscription and support revenue and the respective
cost of revenue) by a compound annual growth rate of
approximately 40% on the 2014 figure. This growth is expected
to result in a cloud subscription and support gross margin;

in other words, the gross margin derived from the cloud
subscription and support gross profit that is approximately

9 percentage points higher in 2020 than in 2014 (2014: 64%).
In the same period, our target is to grow gross profit from
software licenses and support by a compound annual growth
rate of approximately 3%, leading to an improvement in the
software licenses and support gross margin of approximately
2 percentage points (2014: 86%).

SAP anticipates that the gross margins of the various cloud
business models will continue to differ significantly in the long
term. While the gross margin from public cloud subscriptions
and from the business network are both expected to reach
approximately 80% long term, we anticipate that in the long-
term, gross margin on managed cloud offerings will be about
40%. In addition, based on subscription bookings, we expect,
once our cloud business has achieved a mature state,
approximately 80% of the cloud subscription business will be
generated from existing contracts and their renewals

(2014: approximately 60%) and approximately 20% from
new business (2014: approximately 40%).

Expected Developments and Opportunities

NON-FINANCIAL GOALS 2015
In addition to our financial goals, we also focus on two non-
financial targets: customer loyalty and employee engagement.

We believe it is essential that our employees are engaged, drive
our success, and support our strategy. Therefore, we remain
committed to increasing our employee engagement index
score to 82% by 2015 (2014: 79%).

Further, our customers’ satisfaction with the solutions we offer
is very important to us. We want our customers to not only be
satisfied, but also see us as a trusted partner for innovation. We
measure this customer loyalty metric using the Customer Net
Promoter Score (NPS). For 2015, we aim to achieve a
combined (on-premise and cloud) NPS score of 24%.

Our financial and non-financial goals affirm our commitment to
innovation and sustainability, and will help us deliver on our
vision to help the world run better and improve people’s lives.
Our mission is to help our customers run at their best. To fulfill
our mission, we apply our Run Simple operating principle to
help our customers run their businesses better and master
complexity, which is the most intractable challenge businesses
face today. We do this by delivering technology innovations
that we believe address the challenges of today and tomorrow
without disrupting our customers’ business operations.

153


--- Page 99 ---

OPPORTUNITIES

Market dynamics are shifting rapidly as the advantages of
in-memory technologies are becoming more evident and
customers are significantly adopting cloud applications with
the objective of reducing complexity and simplify business
operations. Additionally, customers are increasingly reaping
benefits from digital business networks.

Our customers rely on SAP as the trusted partner in their
business transformation, not only toward providing in-memory
technology, standardized cloud applications, and access

to business networks, but also toward driving new business
outcomes and enabling business model innovations. To meet
these expectations, we must grow consistently and accelerate
the pace of our own business transformation by exploiting
new opportunities.

We have established a framework for opportunity management
by evaluating and analyzing four key areas: current markets,
competitive landscapes, external scenarios, and technological
trends. Additionally, we have delved into customer and product
segmentation, growth drivers, and industry-specific success
factors. Based on these combined insights, our Executive Board
defines winning market strategies. Our shareholder value relies
heavily upon a fine balance of risk mitigation and value-driven
opportunities. Therefore, our strong governance model ensures
that decisions are based on return, investment required, and
risk mitigation. We rely on the talent and resources within SAP
and our entire ecosystem.

As far as opportunities are likely to occur, we have incorporated
them into our business plans, our outlook for 2015, and our
medium-term prospects outlined in this report. Therefore, the
following section focuses on future trends or events that might
result in an uplift of our outlook and medium-term prospects,

if they develop better than we have anticipated in our forecasts.

154

SAP SE is the parent company of the SAP Group and earns
most of its revenue from software license fees, subscriptions
fees, and dividends paid by affiliates. Consequently,

the opportunities described below also apply — directly or
indirectly — to SAP SE.

Opportunities from Economic Conditions
Economic conditions have a clear influence on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. Should the global
economy experience a more sustained growth than is reflected
in our plans today, our revenue and profit may exceed our
current outlook and medium-term prospects.

In our current plans, we have assumed a continued or
recovering growth in emerging markets (Africa, Brazil, China,
India, Middle East, and Russia). These markets are prime
opportunities both for our established enterprise applications
and for new offerings. They offer opportunity for sustainable
double-digit growth rates. At the same time, they show a higher
degree of short-term volatility influenced by geopolitical
disturbances (for example, government policy shifts or
disease).

We continue to acknowledge the growing demand for prudent
management of resources and new business models, both for
our customers and for ourselves. SAP will continue to leverage
the technological capabilities to solve even more complex
problems of humanity (for example, in innovations for the
healthcare sector, the utility industry, the labor market,

and others.).

For more information about future trends in the global
economy, the IT market outlook, and the potential influence
on SAP, see the Expected Developments and Opportunities
section.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 100 ---

Opportunities from Research and Development Traction
Our continued growth through innovation is based on our
ability to leverage R&D resources effectively. We continue to
improve our development processes through design thinking
and lean methodologies. We are accelerating innovation cycles
especially in the area of cloud applications and engaging more
closely with our customers to ensure accuracy and success.

While speed is a key strength, we also focus on ease of
adoption and providing compelling returns. This allows our
customers to easily consume technologies and software
applications with immediate benefits for their businesses. If we
make innovations available faster than currently anticipated,
or if customers adopt the innovations faster than currently
expected, for example, shifting faster to managed clouds for
ERP, or cloud-based finance solutions, this could positively impact
our revenue, profit, and cash flows and result in exceeding

our stated outlook and medium-term prospects.

For more information about future opportunities in research
and development for SAP, see the Products, Research &
Development, and Services as well as the Expected Developments
and Opportunities sections.

Opportunities from Our Strategy for Profitable Growth
SAP strives to generate profitable growth across our portfolio
of products, solutions, and services to keep or improve its market
position. We will continue to expand our addressable market

to US$350 billion in 2020, compared to US$110 billion in 2010.

We see opportunities in growing product and market areas,
such as in-memory computing, cloud, mobile, business
networks, digital marketing, social media, Big Data, the Internet
of Things, and predictive analytics. In addition to organic
developments and tuck-in acquisitions, large strategic
acquisitions in particular may boost our revenue and profits

Expected Developments and Opportunities

significantly. For example, the acquisition of Concur
significantly strengthens the value proposition of a business
network from SAP by addressing one of the most important
enterprise spend categories — travel expenses. Furthermore,
SAP seeks to establish new business models and leverage

our expanding ecosystem of partners to achieve scale and
maximize opportunities.

Our strong assets in applications and analytics, as well as
database and technology, continue to offer solid multiyear
growth opportunities as we bring innovative technologies with
simplified consumption to our installed base and continue

to add net-new customers. Unexpected portfolio growth may
positively impact our revenue, profit, and cash flows and result
in exceeding our stated outlook and medium-term prospects.
Specifically, the SAP HANA platform and our cloud offerings,
including simplified solutions, could create even more demand
than is reflected in our stated outlook and medium-term
prospects.

For more information about future opportunities for SAP, see
the Strategy and Business Model and Expected Developments
and Opportunities sections.

Opportunities from Our Partner Ecosystem

SAP continues to grow and develop a global partner
ecosystem. To increase market coverage, we want to enhance
our portfolio and spur innovation with the specified objective
of increasing the partner revenue contribution to SAP's overall
revenue target. In addition to strengthening our core, we will
leverage our entire ecosystem to drive adoption of SAP HANA
and cloud solutions. This includes strategic partnerships
across all areas: third-party software vendors, systems
integrators, service providers, and infrastructure providers. As

155


--- Page 101 ---

aresult, we are creating an ever-stronger setup, where SAP,
along with our customers and partners, co-innovate and
develop new innovative solutions on top of SAP HANA. Should
the business of our partners develop better than currently
expected, our indirect sales (partner revenue) could grow
stronger than reflected in our outlook and medium-term
prospects. This may positively impact our revenue, profit, and
cash flows, and result in exceeding our stated medium-term
prospects.

For more information about opportunities arising from our
partner ecosystem, see the Partner Ecosystem and Expected
Developments and Opportunities sections.

Opportunities from Our Employees

Our employees drive our innovation, are the value to our
customers, and consistently promote our growth and
profitability. In 2014, we increased the number of full-time
employees accompanied with balanced job restructurings
to drive SAP's simplification and growth. We anticipate
improvements in employee productivity as a result of our
continued endeavors in design-thinking principles. As
described in the Employees and Social Performance section,
we constantly invest in our talents to increase engagement,
collaboration, social innovation, and health.

To ensure continuous innovation and sustained business
success, we need to continuously tap into the global talent pool
and bring the best and brightest talent to SAP. To do so, we

will further strengthen our brand perception in the market and
optimize our recruiting experience to emphasize our focus

on helping the world run better and improving people’s lives.
Furthermore, we will maximize mobile channels and

innovative talent strategies to tap into new talent pools.

156

Our outlook and medium-term prospects are based on certain
assumptions regarding employee productivity and engagement.
If the actual employee productivity exceeds these assumptions,
it could positively impact our revenue, profit, and cash flows
and result in exceeding our stated medium-term prospects.

For more information about future opportunities from our
employees, see the Employees and Social Performance section.

Opportunities from Our Customer Engagement

SAP goes to market by region, customer segments, line of
business, and industry. We evolve and invest in our go-to-market
coverage model to effectively sell industry-specific solutions
while increasing our engagement with customers. We focus on
the dynamic and fast-changing landscape each industry

faces as technology evolves.

We offer unique services that significantly drive a return on
investment, and continue to actively look at new opportunities
to increase the value we deliver to our customers. Our outlook
and medium-term prospects are based on certain assumptions
regarding the success of our go-to-market approaches. If the
actual go-to-market success exceeds these assumptions, this
could positively impact our revenue, profit, and cash flows,

and result in exceeding our stated medium-term prospects.

Combined Management Report


--- Page 102 ---

Events After the Reporting Period

The Supervisory Board of SAP SE nominated Steve Singh,
CEO of Concur, to the Global Managing Board with effect from
January 1, 2015. He is responsible for our business network
strategy and activities.

Additionally, the Supervisory Board nominated Michael
Kleinemeier to the Global Managing Board. Together with Gerhard
Oswald and Ingrid-Helen Arnold, he is responsible for the
Global Service & Support board area with effect from January 1,
2015.

Events After the Reporting Period 157


--- Page 103 ---

€17.58B

GROWTH

We use Non-IFRS total revenue to measure the growth of our company. We saw
a solid increase in this revenue measure in 2014 (€17.58 billion) compared
to 2013 (€16.90 billion) and expect to reach a range of €21 billion to €22 billion in
2017 and a range of €26 billion to €28 billion in 2020.
