To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment pe
94 Our employ
97 Report on e

98 Outlook and oppo

s after the
rtunitie:

‘ormance

ting perioc

t

Basis of the Commerzbank Group

Structure and organisation

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is Germany’s second largest bank
and one of its leading banks for private and corporate customers.
Our customers have one of the densest networks of any private-
sector bank in Germany at their disposal. Commerzbank serves a
total of around 15 million private customers and 1 million business
and corporate customers worldwide. We aim to continue
strengthening our position as market leader in the private and
corporate customer segments in Germany.

The focus of our activities is on the four core segments: Private
Customers, Mittelstandsbank, Central & Eastern Europe and
Corporates & Markets. The Bank has merged all activities in
commercial real estate and ship financing, in addition to public
financing, into the new Non-Core Assets (NCA) run-off segment.
The core segments are each overseen by a member of the Board of
Managing Directors; responsibility for the Group divisions within
NCA is divided between two Board members.

All staff and management functions are contained in Group
Management: Group Audit, Group Communications, Group
Compliance, Group Development & Strategy, Group Finance, Group
Human Resources, Group Investor Relations, Group Legal, Group
Treasury and central risk functions. The support functions are
provided by Group Services. These include Group Banking
Operations, Group Markets Operations, Group Information
Technology, Group Organisation & Security, Group Delivery Centre
and Group Excellence & Support. The staff, management and support
functions are combined in the Others and Consolidation division for
external reporting purposes.

On the domestic market, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, from where it manages a
nationwide branch network through which all customer groups are
served. Its major German subsidiaries are comdirect bank AG,
Commerz Real AG and Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG. Outside of
Germany, the Bank has 6 material subsidiaries, 23 operational
foreign branches and 35 representative offices in 53 countries and
is represented in all major financial centres, such as London, New
York, Tokyo, Hong Kong and Singapore. However, the focus of the
Bank’s international activities is in Europe.

Commerzbank prepares Group financial statements which, in
addition to Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as operating lead
company, incorporate all material subsidiaries in which the Bank
holds more than 50% of the voting rights or exercises control in

another manner. The financial year is the calendar year.

Objectives and strategy

As part of an Investors’ Day at the end of 2012, Commerzbank
presented its strategic agenda for the period up to 2016. One core
element involves adapting Commerzbank’s business model to
changing framework conditions. The goal is to regain the
customer confidence lost in the financial and government debt
crisis and establish a sustainably successful position in the market.
Commerzbank wants to stand for fair and competent advice
tailored without exception to the needs of customers and the real
economy. “The bank at your side” — everything Commerzbank
does is measured against this promise. Strategy 2016 targets
focused growth, changes to the cost base and the optimisation of
the capital base. The Bank is reinforcing its rigorous cost
management and steadily reducing non-strategic activities. This
permits targeted investments in new products and services to
increase long-term profitability.

All in all, the path to achieving the quantitative objectives we
targeted two years ago has become much steeper. The overall
conditions for banks have changed significantly in the last two
years and the market environment for broad-based, profitable
banking business has become noticeably more difficult. The
interest rate environment in particular has _ deteriorated
considerably since the Bank communicated its financial goals in
2012. However, we continue to focus all our efforts on achieving
the quantitative objectives announced for 2016.

We aim to achieve a return on equity after taxes of over 10% in
our core business by 2016. The cost/income ratio should be cut to
around 60%. Even under Basel 3, the Group’s core Tier 1 ratio
should be above 10% by the end of 2016. We are also aiming for
our real estate and shipping portfolio in the Non-Core Assets run-
off segment (NCA) to be around €20bn by 2016.

The banking business has changed a great deal in recent years.
Regaining the trust of customers will be the most important task for
all banks in the coming years. Commerzbank’s strategic agenda
shows how this can be achieved. We also have to integrate the
technological advances of recent years into the advisory business
and continue to offer informed customers incentives to use
Commerzbank products and services. The goal of Strategy 2016 is
for customers to perceive us as a fair and competent bank so that we
can be successful in the market again. Commerzbank’s income
should be further boosted by 2016. The implementation of the

strategic measures in the individual market segments is crucial.

57

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

58

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

In particular, the strategic realignment of the private customer
business is set to play a key role in increasing earnings. Changes
in the market and how customers behave make it necessary to
reshape our business model. Our strategy for this is clear:
positioning, modernisation, growth and greater profitability — in
other words, investing in our business model while at the same
time reducing our cost base. In total, Commerzbank aims to invest
around €1.0bn by 2016 in its platforms, its product and service
offering, the advisory process and training employees in the
private customer business. This is expected to boost revenues per
customer and increase the number of customers by 1 million,
generating an operating profit of over €500m in 2016. This should
take the return on equity before taxes above 12%.

In the Mittelstandsbank, Commerzbank will continue its
successful business model and further expand its market position

in Germany and abroad. In this respect, growth will focus on the

acquisition of new customers, particularly in the small and
medium-sized corporate customers segment, as well as on the
expansion of business with existing customers in Germany and a
2014

Commerzbank has had six locations in Switzerland and is looking

move into economically attractive countries. Since
to significantly expand local corporate customer business with
Swiss companies. At the same time, local corporate customer
business is being won in Austria by expanding the Vienna office.
KASIKORNBANK of Thailand has also been added to the
international network of Mittelstandsbank, as have two further
partner banks in India, further boosting the Bank’s commitment
to the ASEAN countries. Business at the existing sites abroad will
be developed, and we will invest in the expansion of our position
as Europe’s leading trade service bank. Overall in 2016, assuming
a normalisation of loan loss provisions, we expect to achieve a
return on equity before taxes of over 20%. Despite the
investments, the cost/income ratio is expected to remain at less
than 45%.

In the Central & Eastern Europe segment Commerzbank has
one of the most modern direct banks in the industry in the shape
of mBank. As part of its strategic reorientation, mBank is
implementing the One Network project to harmonise its sales
network. The aim of the project is to better meet the needs of
private and corporate customers. To date there have been separate
branches for private and corporate customers, but these are being
replaced by advice centres. There will also be “light branches” in
selected locations such as shopping malls. The first branches in
in 2014. The

Central & Eastern Europe is to achieve stable growth in its value

the new format were opened target for

contribution to the Group, with a return on equity before taxes of

more than 15% and a cost/income ratio of less than 55% in 2016.

In the Corporates & Markets segment Commerzbank is
positioning itself even more strongly as a large niche provider and
will draw on the close integration with the private and corporate
customer business. The segment is particularly focused on
growing the state-of-the-art trading platforms to meet customer
requirements at any time. The segment will continue to build on
its strengths in debt capital markets and make these available to
European multinationals. Cost discipline also remains a central
issue. Further cost savings are planned in addition to those
already made. Assuming the market remains stable, the aim is to
achieve a cost/income ratio of below 65% and a return on equity
before taxes of over 15% in investment banking by 2016.

The planned reduction of the Group divisions bundled together
in Non-Core Assets (NCA), namely Public Finance, Commercial
Real Estate and Deutsche Schiffsbank, was continued during the
year with sales of commercial real estate and ship financing
portfolios. We are aiming for our real estate and shipping portfolio
to be around €20bn by 2016. The capital released as a result of the

reduction process is to be reallocated to the Core Bank for growth.

The job cuts planned at NCA will be implemented in line with the
portfolio reduction.

Despite focused growth in the core business, loan loss
provisions in the Group should be held at the 2014 level until 2016.

In the period to the end of 2016 we want to keep operating
expenses stable despite the investments in the core business,
higher wage settlements and rising operating costs. To achieve
this the Bank will continue its strict cost management and make
up for the significant increase in costs from implementing
regulatory measures and investing to grow profitability by making
processes more efficient, launching the new branch structure and
adjusting personnel

capacities. Restructuring expenses will

therefore be incurred.

In 2014 Commerzbank again reached key milestones in the
the 2012

Information on the measures implemented this year in the

strategic agenda announced at Investors’ Day.

segments can be found under Segment performance on pages
71ff.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment p

94 Our emplo'

Corporate management

Corporate management in the Commerzbank Group is based on a
value-oriented control concept. This concept is based on ensuring
that the risks entered into by the business units are in line with the
external and internal guidelines on risk-taking capability and that
an appropriate return is achieved over the long term on the capital
employed. In this respect, the Bank regularly monitors the
allocation of scarce resources to business units and actively adapts
its business strategy to changing market circumstances in order to
boost the enterprise value over the long term.

A key corporate management tool is the annual planning
process whereby the Board of Managing Directors sets targets for
the business units based on the business strategy. Existing
resources such as capital and risk limits are allocated to the
segments in a way that reflects the targets and risk profiles.

The management of the Bank takes account of both pillars of
capital adequacy regulations. To ensure internal risk-taking
capability at all times, planning includes allocating economic
capital to the segments broken down by type of risk. Regulatory
capital and the Basel 3 rules on risk backing are used as the basis
for calculating the capital employed in the segments. The required
return from a segment is based on this external capital concept. As
is standard for value-based management concepts, the target
minimum return on capital employed is derived from the expected
return on the capital market.

The segments put the plan into operation based on the
business strategy and the results of the planning process. The
Board of Managing Directors carries out regular checks to ensure
that business planning is being followed. In addition to monthly
management reporting, a performance review of the business
units is held quarterly. This ensures any deviations are identified
at an early stage and countermeasures taken.

The key figures used for measuring success in the corporate
management process are operating profit/loss and _ pre-tax
profit/loss as well as return on equity, the cost/income ratio and
economic value added. Segment return on equity is calculated as
the ratio of operating profit/loss or pre-tax profit/loss to the
average amount of capital employed. This shows the return on the
equity invested in a given business segment. The cost/income ratio
is used to assess cost efficiency and is defined as the ratio of
operating expenses to income before loan loss provisions.
Economic value added is a measure of the enterprise value created
by the segments and is calculated as the difference between the

operating profit/loss and the cost of capital before tax.

‘ormance

Group economic value added is defined as the amount by
which the consolidated profit/loss attributable to Commerzbank
shareholders exceeds the cost of capital. The cost of capital
represents our shareholders’ expectations for the minimum return
on their capital employed. Commerzbank currently calculates its
post-tax cost of capital to be 9%.

As Group figures, the controlling data listed above form part of a
system of other segment-specific data that varies from segment to

segment depending on the business strategy.

Remuneration Report

The Remuneration Report is part of the Corporate Governance
Report in the Corporate Responsibility section. It forms part of the

Group Management Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of
the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and explanatory report

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code

and explanatory report can be found in the Corporate
Responsibility section. They form part of the Group Management

Report.

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (2) no.
5 of the German Commercial Code

Details pursuant to Art. 315 (2) no. 5 of the German Commercial
Code (HGB) can be found in the Corporate Responsibility section.
They form part of the Group Management Report.

Important staffing and business
policy events

Commerzbank made further progress in implementing its strategic
agenda in 2014. For example, the Bank further reduced its non-
strategic commercial real estate portfolio and shipping portfolio.
Commerzbank and BNP Paribas Personal Finance have also
decided to continue their previously successful partnership in
Germany. We successfully placed a mortgage Pfandbrief as part of
the long-term funding of the core business in the Private Customers
segment. successful

Testimony to the restructuring of

59

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

60

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Commerzbank in recent years, and confirmation that we are on the
right track with our efforts to both reduce our non-strategic portfolio
and expand our customer-focused business model, was our good
performance in the Asset Quality Review and subsequent stress
test conducted by the European Central Bank. There were some

changes in the composition of the Commerzbank Supervisory Board.

Changes in the Supervisory Board

As proposed by the Supervisory Board, the Annual General
Meeting on 8 May 2014 appointed Dr. Stefan Lippe and Nicholas
Teller to the Board of

Aktiengesellschaft with a clear majority. Solms U. Wittig was also

Supervisory Commerzbank
appointed by the Annual General Meeting as a substitute member
for the two new members of the Supervisory Board. The changes
in the Supervisory Board were necessary because Prof. Dr. Hans-
Peter Keitel stepped down with effect from the end of the 2014
Annual General Meeting. In addition, Dr. Markus Schenk had
earlier completed his term of office on the Supervisory Board on
10 September 2013.

Commerzbank sells commercial real estate
financing portfolios in Spain and Japan and a
non-performing loan portfolio in Portugal

In mid-June Commerzbank signed agreements for the sale of its
CRE portfolios in Spain and Japan and the non-performing CRE
loan portfolio in Portugal. The transactions involved commercial
real estate loans worth a total of €5.1bn. Of these, the Bank
classified €1.4bn as non-performing loans (Spain: €1.1bn, Portugal:
€0.3bn).

The commercial real estate financing portfolio in Spain and the
non-performing CRE loan portfolio in Portugal, worth a total of
€4.Abn, was sold to a consortium of J. P. Morgan and Lone Star.
Commerzbank retained the performing CRE loan book in Portugal.

In Japan, the Bank has sold its subsidiary Commerz Japan Real

Estate Finance Corporation to the PAG funds Secured Capital REP

V and Pacific Alliance Special Situations Fund.

The loans of €0.7bn held by the company, mainly subordinated
loans, were thus transferred to the buyer. They were classified by
the Bank as higher-risk. The portfolio is now managed by PAG’s
Tokyo-based Secured Capital Investment Management Ltd.

The parties have agreed to maintain confidentiality about the
details of the contracts. The transactions had a negative impact of
around €71m on the result in the second quarter of 2014. The
transactions led to a positive net capital effect of around €200m
due to the release of €3.4bn of risk-weighted assets (RWA). All in
all, therefore, the sales had a positive impact on Commerzbank’s
core capital position. The transactions brought about a substantial
improvement in the risk profile of the CRE loan portfolio. The
portfolio of CRE loans that the Bank classifies as higher-risk was

reduced to almost zero by the sales. In addition, the volume of

CRE problem loans was reduced by around a third as a result of

the transactions.

Commerzbank and BNP Paribas Personal
Finance continue their successful cooperation in
the instalment credit business

At the beginning of July, Commerzbank and BNP Paribas Personal
Finance, the market leader in the European consumer credi
business, announced plans to continue their previously successful
partnership in Germany. The cooperation under the Commerz
Finanz GmbH joint venture began in January 2010 as the
successor to Dresdner Cetelem Kreditbank. BNP Paribas Persona
Finance has and will continue to have a 50.1% holding, while

Commerzbank holds 49.9%. In the Commerzbank branch

network, Commerz Finanz is the exclusive partner for the sale o
Commerzbank instalment credits. Joint venture partner BNP
Paribas Personal Finance’s knowledge of point-of-sale and e-
commerce business represents a useful addition to Commerz
Finanz GmbH’s product portfolio and creates the basis for a solid
and broad-based growth platform. Under the ongoing partnership
both companies have undertaken to provide intensive support for
Commerz Finanz, enabling it to further expand its current business
model and at the same time establish new technologies, new
products and innovative sales channels.

For Commerzbank, successful cooperation with BNP Paribas
Personal Finance is an important part of the new private customer
strategy. The partnership will allow Commerzbank to further
consolidate its position as a provider of instalment credit in
Germany and exploit the growth opportunities in this business

area.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance

94 Our employees

97

98 Outlook and opportunit

Commerzbank agrees sale of nine container
ships

At the end of August Commerzbank signed an agreement with a
buyer and the owners for the sale of nine container ships financed
by the Bank. The sales proceeds were used to redeem loans
totalling some €160m. The entire portfolio was fully transferred to
the buyer, a joint venture established between the KKR Special
Situations Group of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (USA) and
Borealis Maritime Ltd. (UK), with Commerzbank not retaining any
of the

confidentiality about all

financing. The parties have maintain

other details of the

agreed to
contractual
agreements. This transaction was the second successful capital
markets portfolio transaction in the Deutsche Schiffsbank division
within the space of one year, and was agreed despite the ongoing
difficult market environment on the international shipping
markets. The transaction is the next step in the value-preserving

reduction of Commerzbank’s NCA segment.

Commerzbank places €1bn mortgage Pfandbrief

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft issued a mortgage Pfandbrief on
the capital market in mid-September. The benchmark bond has a
volume of €1bn, a five-year term and a coupon of 0.375% p.a. The
mortgage Pfandbrief placed is secured by Commerzbank’s private
retail mortgage loans in Germany. This provides long-term funding

for the core business in the Private Customers segment.

port on events after tl

ting perioc
ort

Commerzbank passes comprehensive review by
the ECB

Commerzbank has passed both the European Central Bank (ECB)
Asset Quality Review (AQR) and the European Banking Authority
(EBA) stress test. According to the results of the ECB’s AQR, as at
1 January 2014 the common equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio under the
Basel 3 transitional arrangements was 10.8%, and _ therefore
significantly above the key hurdle of 8.0%. Under the baseline
stress test scenario, taking the AQR results into account,
Commerzbank recorded a CET1 ratio of 11.4% and was therefore
significantly above the hurdle of 8%. The Bank’s CET1 ratio was
also well above the 5.5% hurdle under the adverse scenario, at
8.0%. Even with full application of Basel 3 and taking the AQR
results into account, the CET1 ratio under the adverse scenario

was a comfortable 6.9%.

The reference date for the ECB assessment was 31 December
2013. Since then Commerzbank has further increased its profits
and systematically reduced its risks. The good result of the ECB’s
comprehensive assessment is testimony to the successful
restructuring of Commerzbank over the last few years and the
strength of our customer-focused business model. The stress
test also clearly confirms the Bank’s stability and resistance to

stress.

61

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

62

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Economic report

Economic conditions

Economic environment

Hopes for a global economic recovery in 2014 were not met. As in
2013, the world economy only grew by a below-average 3.3% last
year. Growth was slowed mainly by the weakness in emerging
markets, especially China, and the sharp downturn in Japan after
the increase in VAT. Western industrialised countries, by contrast,
picked up speed.

The US economic crisis is definitely over. The slowdown at the
start of the year due to the weather was soon made good. All in all,
the US economy grew by 2.4% in the year under review. In the
second and third quarters of 2014, seasonally adjusted real GDP
growth was more than 1% per quarter, while initial estimates put
growth in the final quarter at 0.75%. The recovery in the US
labour market is even more impressive. Employment last year rose
2%. This is the strongest increase since 2006. Unemployment is
now 5.6%, not far off the level the US Federal Reserve regards as
full employment. The Fed therefore suspended its bond purchase
programme in October. By this point it had increased its total
assets five-fold since the start of the financial market crisis to
around $4,500bn.

The eurozone economy also returned to growth in 2014. The
estimated increase was a very modest 0.9%, however, with only a
slight decline in unemployment. As at the end of 2014
unemployment was still at a very high level of 11.4%. Unlike in
the USA, some eurozone countries have not yet fully corrected
previous excesses relating to the real estate market and excessive
leverage among both companies and private households.

The German economy was again the locomotive of the
eurozone economy in 2014. It achieved growth of 1.6%,
significantly outperforming the other eurozone countries once
more. The recovery in Germany clearly lost momentum over the
course of the year, however. After a good start to the year, partly

the result of the unusually mild weather, it marked time over the

summer. Only in the final quarter did it pick up again modestly.

The European Central Bank further expanded its stabilisation

measures in 2014. Following the fall in inflation to just 0.5% early
in the year, it decided in June on another comprehensive package
of measures. These included cutting the refinancing rate to 0.15%
and the deposit rate to -0.10% September saw another 0.1% cut
to 0.05% and —0.20% respectively. The ECB also made targeted

special funds available to the banks for a period of four years.

Tumbling oil prices have now pushed inflation well into
negative territory. Long-term inflationary expectations have also
fallen as a result. To stabilise the situation, the European Central
Bank decided in January 2015 to buy government bonds on a large
scale.

Financial markets were once again dominated in 2014 by the
extremely loose monetary policies pursued by the leading central
banks in industrialised countries. As a result, investors continued
to be forced into riskier forms of investment such as equities,
corporate bonds and the government bonds of periphery

countries.

Sector environment

The markets took the view that the risk of a further escalation in
the European financial and sovereign debt crisis fell further in
2014. This was driven primarily by the announcement and
implementation of unusually extensive monetary activity, the
creation of an institutional and organisational framework for
banking union, greater transparency in the banking sector thanks
to the ECB’s comprehensive assessment, initial successes from
fundamental reforms in crisis-hit countries and a return to at least
moderate growth in the eurozone countries. Data from the
European Central Bank (ECB) show that systemic tensions on the
key financial markets for banks and governments have latterly
dropped to their lowest level since the crisis erupted in 2007.
Yields on most European government bonds again hit new lows,
however, while the prices of credit default swaps on these bonds
were also barely affected by crisis premiums and there was a
further improvement in capital market financing terms for
European corporates. Ongoing criticism of the weak earnings of
German banks overall and their relatively high leverage
contributed to financing costs for bank bonds remaining higher
than those of non-banks, though, with bank shares again clearly
underperforming the market as a whole.

However, the relaxation was only reflected in banking profits to
a lesser extent in 2014. Bank profitability remained under
pressure, in particular from structural trends (regulation and stiff
competition) and the ongoing low level of interest rates.
Persistently low rates and increasing reinvestment difficulties,
combined with the expectation of new capital and liquidity rules,
resulted in little improvement in banks’ basic earnings power. The
large fines and settlements for legal proceedings payable in the

year under review also affected the profitability of the big banks.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

57 Ba

62 Economic report

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

of the Commerzbank Group

71 Segment performance

94 Our employ

97 Report on eve
98 Outlook and opportunities

Corporate capacity utilisation was normal at best and did not
lead to any meaningful rise in lending business; in fact book credits
to domestic non-financial companies have fallen sharply of late. Net
interest income remained under pressure as interest rates stay low
and the yield curve flattens. The German banking system again
became more robust last year, however, thanks to much lower
exposure to crisis countries, a reduction of other problem
portfolios, a notable increase in core capital ratios and a decline in
leverage. According to the Deutsche Bundesbank, the ECB’s
comprehensive assessment showed that the balance sheets of the
participating German banks are resilient and the institutions would

survive an economic shock.

Earnings performance, assets and
financial position

In 2014 Commerzbank once again found itself in a difficult
banking environment with continued low interest rates. Regulatory
requirements for banks are becoming stricter and have to be
implemented at ever shorter intervals, providing growing
challenges and weighing correspondingly on earnings. Provisions
for litigation and recourse risk in connection with investigations by
US authorities also had an impact. The ongoing low level of loan
loss provisions as the economy saw a stable performance had a
positive impact on earnings performance in 2014
The Commerzbank Group’s operating profit for 2014 came to
€684m, a decrease of 6.4% on the previous year. Consolidated
profit attributable to Commerzbank shareholders for the period
under review came to €264m.

Total assets as at 31 December 2014 were €557.6bn, 1.4%
higher than the figure for year-end 2013. Trading assets and

financial investments were up, while claims on banks and

customers fell from the previous year. Risk-weighted assets rose to

€215.2bn in connection with the first-time application of Basel 3,

mainly due to the increase in risk-weighted assets in market and
credit risks.

The common equity Tier 1 ratio with full application of Basel 3
rose to 9.3% at end-December 2014.

Both new and amended IFRS requirements were implemented
in the Commerzbank Group with effect from the start of 2014.

Prior-year figures have been adjusted accordingly to ensure

s after the r

comparability. Detailed explanations about the changes are given

in the notes to the Group financial statements on page 160 f.

Income statement of the Commerzbank Group

The individual items in the income statement were as follows in
2014:

Net interest and trading income fell 1.3% year-on-year to
€6,000m overall. Net interest income fell 9.0% to €5,607m, while
net trading income and net income from hedge accounting rose
€475m to €393m. In the Private Customers segment, active and
ongoing interest rate management in response to the environment
of persistently low rates resulted in considerable progress in the
interest margin. The segment saw a sharp increase in new retail
mortgage financing activity thanks to low borrowing rates. The

overall result was a rise in net interest income. The increase in

lending volume in the Mittelstandsbank segment had a positive
impact on net interest income, although this was partially offset by
charges in the deposit business. The Central & Eastern Europe
segment also recorded a significant increase in net interest
income, thanks in particular to higher volumes of loans and
deposits with both private and corporate customers. By contrast,
the faster reduction of the lending portfolio in the Non-Core Assets

segment cut net interest income sharply from the previous year.

The sale of the CRE portfolio resulted in a charge of €173m on net
interest income. Further information on the composition of net
interest and trading income is given in the notes to the Group
financial statements on pages 184 and 187.

At €3,205m, net commission income was at the same level as
the previous year. The Private Customers segment was unable to
fully make up for the decline in income from transaction-based
securities transactions over the course of the year, so net
commission income for 2014 was down slightly. Mittelstandsbank
saw growth in documentary and corporate finance business in
particular, more than compensating for the market-driven decline
in income from interest rate and currency hedging. In the
Central & Eastern Europe segment the sustained and pleasing rise
in new customers and higher transaction numbers were behind a
good commission income performance. By contrast, net
commission income in Non-Core Assets was down year-on-year

due to the cessation of new business.

63

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Table 7
Statement of comprehensive income | €m 2014 20131 Change
Net interest income 5,607 6,161 -—554
Loan loss provisions -1,144 -1,747 603
Net commission income 3,205 3,206 -1
Net trading income and net gain/loss on hedge accounting 393 -—82 475
Net investment income, income from at-equity investments
and other net income -451 -10 -441
Operating expenses 6,926 6,797 129
Operating profit/loss 684 731 -47
Restructuring expenses 61 493 —432
Pre-tax profit/loss 623 238 385
Taxes on income 253 66 187
Consolidated profit/loss 370 172 198
Consolidated profit/loss attributable to Commerzbank shareholders 264 81 183

' Figures restated due to restatement of credit protection insurance plus other adjustments
(see Notes, page 160 f.).

Net investment income was €82m, compared with €17m in the
previous year. During the year under review, income from interest
rate business was offset by impairments on the public finance
exposure in the USA.

Other net income came to €-577m, compared with €-87m a
year earlier. These charges resulted from net new provisions
made above all in respect of litigation and recourse risks. Full
details of the additions to provisions for litigation and recourse
risk in the year under review can be found in the Notes to the
Group financial statements on page 228 f.

During the reporting period the net allocation to loan loss
provisions fell sharply by 34.5% to €-1,144m. This decline was
due to a lower need for provisions in both the Private Customers
segment and at Mittelstandsbank. The Corporates & Markets
segment once again reported a net reversal for the period. Non-
Core Assets saw a significant fall in loan loss provisions. The
improvement was helped by write-ups related to sales of
commercial real estate portfolios. Overall, though, loan loss
provisions remained high in the Non-Core Assets segment,

especially in ship financing.

Operating expenses came to €6,926m in the period under
review, compared to €6,797m in the previous year. Additional
investment and higher regulatory costs were almost entirely
balanced out by active cost management. Personnel expenses fell
1.2% year-on-year, due primarily to the lower headcount. Other
operating expenses including depreciation rose by 6.0%. This was
the result of higher IT and project costs and an increase in audit
and consulting expenses, mainly in connection with the ECB’s
Asset Quality Review. Advertising costs also increased. Cost
savings were achieved in rental and leasing expenses and other
premises costs.

As a result of these developments, the Commerzbank Group
posted an operating profit of €684m in 2014. This is a 6.4%
decrease from the €731m recorded last year.

The €61m of restructuring costs for the year relate to further
targeted cost savings at subsidiary Hypothekenbank Frankfurt.
Last year we reported a figure of €493m in connection with the
planned headcount reduction as staff capacity is adapted to the

changed market environment by 2016.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance

94 Our emplo'

97 Report on events after the reporting perioc

98 Outlook and opportunities

Pre-tax profit came to €623m, compared with €238m in 2013.

Tax expense for the reporting period was €253m, compared
with €66m for the previous year.

Profit after tax for 2014 rose to €370m, compared with €172m in
the previous year. Net of non-controlling interests of €106m, €264m
was attributable to Commerzbank shareholders, up from €81m in
the previous year.

As Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is reporting its results for
the 2014 financial year in accordance with the German
Commercial Code (HGB), the plan is to service all profit-sharing
certificates issued by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft for the
2014 financial year; no dividend will be paid.

The statement of comprehensive income, which includes both
consolidated profit/loss and other comprehensive income for the
period, showed a net total of €155m in 2014. Other comprehensive
income of €-215m consists of the sum of changes in the
revaluation reserve (€262m), the cash flow hedge _ reserve
(€111m), the currency translation reserve (€-27m), companies
accounted for using the equity method (€5m) and actuarial gains
and losses (€-566m).

The operating profit per share was €0.60 and the earnings per
share €0.23. In the prior-year period the comparable figures were
€0.80 and €0.09 respectively.

Balance sheet of the Commerzbank Group

Total assets of the Commerzbank Group as at 31 December 2014
were €557.6bn. This was a rise of 1.4% or €8.0bn from the end of
2013. Claims on banks and customers declined, while trading

assets and financial investments rose.

port

The cash reserve fell by €7.5bn compared with year-end 2013
to €4.9bn. This was largely because of a decline in credit balances
with central banks contingent on the balance sheet date.

Claims on banks fell by €7.5bn to €80.0bn. This was primarily
due to lower claims from secured money market transactions,
which declined by €8.1bn. Claims on customers were 5.3% below
the previous year’s level at €232.9bn. The volume decline was
mainly driven by lower claims on customers, largely the result of a
decline in secured money market transactions in the form of
reverse repos and cash collaterals, and lower mortgage business
due to maturities and portfolio sales. The segments of the Core
Bank, by contrast, witnessed growth in claims on customers.

As at the reporting date, total lending to customers and banks
stood at €240.9bn, down 2.4% compared with year-end 2013.

Although loans to banks increased by €2.6bn to €25.2bn, customer
lending business declined slightly compared with year-end 2013
to €215.7bn. At the same time, the increase in lending volume in
the core segments was more than offset by the reduction in non-
strategic business in the NCA segment.

As at the reporting date, trading assets amounted to €130.3bn, a
rise of €26.7bn or 25.8% compared with year-end 2013. The major
contributors to this were the €4.7bn increase in holdings of equities,
other equity-related instruments and investment fund units as a result
of the positive market environment for equity products and
associated higher customer demand, and a rise of €23.5bn in positive
market values from financial derivatives.

Financial investments rose by 10.1% over the year to €90.4bn.
Bonds, notes and other interest rate-related securities were up by
€8.3bn to €89.1bn, while equities and other equity-related

securities and participations were unchanged at €1.2bn.

65

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Table 8
Assets | €m 31.12.2014 31.12.2013" Change in %
Claims on banks 80,036 87,545 -8.6
Claims on customers 232,867 245,938 -5.3
Assets held for trading purposes 130,343 103,616 25.8
Financial investments 90,358 82,051 10.1
Other assets 24,005 30,504 -21.3
Total 557,609 549,654 1.4
Liabilities and equity | €m — 31,12,2014 31.12.20131 Change in %
Liabilities to banks 99,443 77,694 28.0
Liabilities to customers 248,977 276,486 -9.9
Securitized liabilities 48,813 64,670 -24.5
Liabilities from trading activities 97,163 71,010 36.8
Other liabilities 36,253 32,861 10.3
Equity 26,960 26,933 0.1
Total 557,609 549,654 1.4

' Prior-year figures after the restatement of credit protection insurance and the tax restatements (see Notes, page 160 f.).

On the liabilities side, liabilities to banks — especially repos and
cash collaterals — rose sharply by €21.7bn to €99.4bn. In addition,
liabilities from money market transactions increased by €3.5bn.
Around three quarters of the increase in volume related to foreign
bank liabilities. Liabilities to customers fell by 9.9% year-on-year to
€249.0bn due to a decrease of €29.6bn in repos and cash
collaterals. Securitised liabilities were €15.9bn lower year-on-year
at €48.8bn. Bonds and notes issued fell by €15.7bn to €45.7bn.
This was due in part to a decline of €8.6bn in mortgage and
public-sector Pfandbriefe as a _ result of maturities at
Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG, and also to a reduction of €7.0bn
in the volume of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft bonds,
especially due to maturities. Liabilities from trading activities
increased in volume by €26.1bn overall to €97.2bn. This was
mainly the result of the rise in both currency and interest rate-
related derivatives business.

Off-balance sheet liabilities rose year-on-year, with credit-
related contingent liabilities rising by €1.9bn to €37.1bn and

irrevocable lending commitments up €7.5bn to €59.9bn.

Capital and reserves

The equity capital (before non-controlling interests) reported in
the balance sheet as at 31 December 2014 was €26.1bn, €0.1bn
above the figure for year-end 2013. Information about the changes
in the reporting of equity is given in the notes to the Group

financial statements on page 160 f.

There was no change in the capital reserve compared with
year-end 2013. As at the reporting date it stood at €15.9bn.
Subscribed capital also remained unchanged at €1.1bn. Retained
earnings were €0.3bn below the 2013 level, at €10.4bn. The
revaluation reserve on the reporting date was €-957m, up by
€0.2bn on year-end 2013. This was attributable in particular to a
rise in the fair values of Italian government bonds. Together with
the negative cash flow hedge reserves and the currency translation
reserves, this amounted to a deduction of €-1.4bn from equity
compared with €-1.7bn at year-end 2013.

Risk-weighted assets were up by €24.6bn as at 31 December
2014 to €215.2bn, primarily in connection with the first-time
application of Basel 3, due mainly to the increase in risk-weighted
assets in market and credit risks. Regulatory Tier 1 capital fell by
€0.6bn to €25.1bn compared with year-end 2013 due to the first-
time application of Basel 3. In conjunction with the higher level of
risk-weighted assets, the Tier 1 ratio fell to 11.7 %. Common
equity Tier 1 capital came to €25.1bn. Under Basel 3 phase-in
rules, this is identical to core capital. The total capital ratio was
14.6% on the reporting date. The decrease of 4.6 percentage
points is mainly due to changes regarding the eligibility of
supplementary capital under Basel 3. As at the reporting date, the
leverage ratio based on the revised CRD IV/CRR (“delegated act”),
which compares Tier 1 capital with leverage exposure, was 4.6%
(“phase-in”). Under the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD
IV/CRR “phase-in”) reported up to now, the leverage ratio is 4.3%.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance

94 Our employees
97 Report on events after the
98 Outlook and opportunitie:

The bank complies with all requirements set by the supervisory
authorities. The reporting disclosures required by law include the

consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank shareholders.

Funding and liquidity of the Commerzbank
Group

The liquidity management of the Commerzbank Group is the
responsibility of Group Treasury, which is represented in all major
Group locations in Germany and abroad and has reporting lines in
all subsidiaries. Liquidity management comprises both operational
and strategic components. Operational liquidity management
encompasses management of daily payment inflows and outflows,
planning for expected payment flows and management of access
to central banks. The division is also responsible for access to
unsecured and secured sources of funding on the money and

capital markets and the management of the liquidity reserve

Figure 3

eporting perioc

eport

portfolio. Strategic liquidity management involves managing
maturity profiles for liquidity-relevant assets and liabilities within
specified limits and corridors. Additional information on this
subject can be found in the “Liquidity risks” section in the Group
Management Report.

Guidelines and limits for the funding profile and funds are
derived from the business strategy and reflect risk tolerance. The
Group’s short and medium-term funding is appropriately diversified in
terms of investor groups, regions, products and currencies. Top-level
decisions about liquidity management are taken by the central Asset
Liability Committee (ALCO), which meets at regular intervals.
Liquidity risk is quantified using an internal model that
Commerzbank revised last year, adapting it to the current business
and regulatory framework. The limits set are monitored by the
independent risk function. ALCO and the Board of Managing

Directors receive regular reports on the liquidity risk situation.

Capital market funding structure
As at 31 December 2014

Mortgage Pfandbriefe 21%

Lettres de Gage 9%

Public sector Pfandbriefe 18%

—_——— _ Unsecured bonds 49%

——] about €93bn

Others 3%

Commerzbank had unrestricted access to the money and capital
markets throughout the reporting period, and its liquidity and
solvency were also adequate at all times. It was always able to raise
the resources required for a balanced funding mix and continued to
enjoy a comfortable liquidity position in the period under review.
Commerzbank raised a total of €5.9bn in long-term funding on the
capital market in 2014.

In the collateralised area, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
issued a public-sector Pfandbrief at the start of the year with a
volume of €500m and a five-year term, funding the long-term

core business of Mittelstandsbank.

For this reason, export finance eligible for cover fund purposes
and guaranteed by the export credit agency (ECA) Euler Hermes
was included in the cover pool. A €1bn mortgage Pfandbrief, also
with a five-year term, was placed at the end of September. The
mortgage Pfandbrief is secured by Commerzbank’s private retail
mortgage loans in Germany. The Polish subsidiary mBank also
issued private placements with a volume of €0.2bn.

Unsecured private placements totalling €3.2bn with an average
maturity of five years were issued. More than half of this related to
structured bonds. mBank also issued two unsecured €500m
benchmark bonds during the year under review, one with a five-

year term and one running for seven years.

67

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

68

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

The funding spreads for unsecured bonds narrowed further
over the course of the year.

As part of Group liquidity management, in the period under
review Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft transferred parts of the
NCA public finance portfolio from Hypothekenbank Frankfurt to

the Core Bank at current market values. This portfolio is largely

Figure 4

Group capital market funding of 2014
Volume €5.9bn

Benchmark issues
€1.0bn

Private placements
€3.2bn

made up of high-grade securities eligible for central bank
borrowing purposes that count as “highly liquid assets” under the
new Basel 3 liquidity rules. The portfolio transferred had a volume
of around €12bn (exposure at default). The securities are mainly
issued by banks and government borrowers in Germany, Austria,
the Netherlands and the UK.

Secured bonds

€1.7bn

Public sector Mortgage Private
Pfandbrief Pfandbrief placements
€0.5bn €1.0bn €0.2bn

Based on its internal liquidity model, which uses conservative
assumptions, at the period end the Bank had available excess
liquidity of €83.4bn. Of this, €48.6bn is held in a separate
liquidity reserve portfolio managed by Group Treasury to cover
liquidity outflows should a stress event occur and ensure solvency
at all times. The Bank also holds €9.7bn in its intraday liquidity
reserve portfolio.

The regulatory liquidity requirements of the German Liquidity
Regulation were met at all times in the reporting period. As at the
reporting date, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft’s key liquidity
ratio calculated using the German Liquidity Regulation’s standard
approach was 1.37, still significantly higher than the minimum
regulatory requirement of 1.00. Commerzbank’s liquidity situation
therefore remains comfortable given its conservative and forward-
looking funding strategy. The Bank is not currently drawing on

central bank liquidity facilities.

Summary of 2014 business position

2014 was another challenging year for the entire financial sector
and the market environment remains difficult. The challenges
include persistently low interest rates and rising and ever more
frequent demands from regulators, which are placing a significant
financial and_ staffing burden on those affected. Customer

expectations and advisory needs are also growing in complexity.

They are focused much more heavily than in previous years on
their individual requirements and circumstances, or in the case of
corporate customers on their competitive situation, and require
banks to be highly flexible.

Performance was noticeably affected by the allocation to the
provisions required for legal and recourse risk in connection with
investigations by US authorities.

Nevertheless, and despite the challenges described above,
Commerzbank’s operating business performed well in 2014. We
achieved further growth in the Core Bank, gaining market share
and expanding our customer base. Customer satisfaction was up
in both the Private Customers and Mittelstandsbank segments and
we were able to increase customer confidence. Commerzbank also
boosted its stability again in 2014 by continuing to reduce risk and
strengthen the capital base. Particularly important was the fact
that Commerzbank not only passed the Comprehensive
Assessment of the European Central Bank (ECB) at the end of the
year, but actually exceeded the requirements comfortably. All the
findings gathered from the ECB’s feedback on the Comprehensive
Assessment have been included in our 2014 annual financial
statements on an economic and risk-adjusted basis in consistent
compliance with IFRS accounting rules. The good result of the
ECB’s Comprehensive Assessment is testimony to the successful
restructuring of Commerzbank over the past few years and confirms
that we are on the right track with our efforts both to reduce our
non-strategic portfolios and to expand our customer-focused

business model.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance

94 Our employ

97 Report on events after the r
98 Outlook and opportunities

[his can also be seen in the good performance of our
customer-oriented core segments, which was in line with forecast
expectations for 2014 and even exceeded them in some areas.

Operating profit in the Private Customers segment was well up
on last year, an indication that the adjustments we have made to
the relationship management model in the shape of new service
successful. This

and advisory offerings are being strong

performance was shown in both a significantly improved operating
return on equity and a lower cost/income ratio. In our profit
forecast for the year under review we had not anticipated that the
measures implemented would have already had such a clear
impact on performance.

Operating profit in Mittelstandsbank exceeded our expectations
and was mainly the result of higher lending volumes in all Group
divisions; this was reflected in higher net interest income and a
clear fall in loan loss provisions. The decline was chiefly due to
lower additional loan loss provisions for specific commitments.
Overall, the positive valuation effects from restructured loans last
year were more than compensated for by Mittelstandsbank’s good
market positioning. As a consequence, profitability metrics
comfortably exceeded our expectations in 2014.

In the Central & Eastern Europe segment, mBank continued its
dynamic growth in the year under review with a steady stream of
innovative products and technical solutions. A host of new or
updated loan, deposit and investment products were introduced
along with new processes to support sales. As forecast, operating
profit was up on last year, albeit by a little more than expected,
with a correspondingly positive impact on the operating return on
equity and the cost/income ratio.

The performance of the Corporates & Markets segment in 2014
was driven by a market environment of historically low interest
rates and occasional low volatility. The segment’s broad base
allowed the impact of lower activity in some areas to be partially
offset by strong points elsewhere. This was an instance of our
diversified business model paying off. Overall, though, reported
operating profit and profitability metrics were lower than the

previous year and below our expectations.

orting perioc
ort

In the Non-Core Assets segment we made further progress in
2014 in winding down the portfolio. As expected, the segment still
recorded an operating loss, but a much smaller one than in the
previous year.

Against the backdrop of the persistently difficult market
environment, at Group level we reported an operating profit of
€684m, compared with €731m in 2012. Income before loan loss
provisions was below the previous years’ level at €8.8bn. Given
the economic stability in Germany in particular, loan loss
provisions fell more sharply than expected to €1.1bn. Operating
expenses of €6.9bn were higher than in the previous year due to
additional investments in growth and regulatory burdens, but in
line with the budget.

The Core Bank, which includes Commerzbank’s strategically
significant customer-centric business, posted an operating profit of
€1.5bn after €1.8bn in the previous year. The operating return on
equity in the Core Bank was 7.5% (2013: 10.5%), and the
cost/income ratio 77.1% (2013: 72.3%). As a result, the operating

profitability metrics in the Core Bank — adjusted for the effects of

the allocation to provisions for litigation and recourse risks - were

somewhat behind our expectations.

The business expansion in the Core Bank also affected
volumes, with total assets rising slightly by 1.4% year-on-year to
€557.6bn. Commerzbank also boosted its stability again in 2014
by continuing to reduce risk and strengthen the capital base. Risk-
weighted assets were up by 12.9% year-on-year to €215.2bn,
primarily due to the effects of switching to Basel 3, despite
continuing growth in the Core Bank. The Bank further built on its
comfortable equity position. Hard equity under full Basel 3 rose by
around €0.5bn year-on-year to €19.9bn. The common equity Tier
1 (CET1) ratio under full Basel 3 rose to 9.3%, from 9.0% at end-
December 2013.

Consolidated profit attributable to Commerzbank shareholders
improved to €264m, up from €81m last year. Profitability was
therefore in line with what we had predicted for 2014.

69

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

70

Private Customers
eel

» We are testing the banking of
tomorrow at our flagship
and city branches in Stuttgart
and Berlin.«

+30%

in real estate financing

+288,000

new customers
won last year

Strong growth
in retail mortgage
loans

A6%

High customer
satisfaction

Satisfaction levels among Commerzbank
customers rose significantly again in 2014.
Every month, the net promoter score,
which measures customers’ willingness to
recommend the Bank, was well above the
target of 30%. Indeed, the fourth quarter
saw the highest value — 49% — among pri-
vate, corporate and wealth management
customers since measurements began.

Prizes and awards in 2014

Beste Filialbank Vermégensaufbau
Deutschlands und Vorsorge

Gesamtergebnis
Platz 1 sehr gut
Commerzbank AG Commerzbank AG
wy) ea SONNTAG
r <uro ln

Bankentest €uro 05/2014; Ausgabe 16/2014, 13 Banken im Test

34 Institute im Test

€uro bank test €uro am Sonntag
Award: Bank test:
“Best Branch Network” “Very good overall”

BESTE ,
KUNDEN. |
BERATUNG |

Commerzbank AG :

Gesamtsieger Deutschland

Focus-Money
City Contest: Overall winner
“Best Client Advice”

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance
71 Private Customers

94 Our employ
97 Report or

98 Outlook and oppo

rtun

ting perioc

t

Segment performance

Private Customers

The Private Customers segment comprises the Private Customers,

Direct Banking and Commerz Real Group divisions.

With a customer base of over 11 million, Commerzbank is one of

Germany’s leading banks for private customer business.

Performance
Table 9
€m 2013 Change in
%/%-points
Income before provisions 3,417 3,349 2.0
Loan loss provisions -79 —108 - 26.9
Operating expenses 2,918 3,017 -3.3
Operating profit/loss 420 224 87.5
Capital employed 3,956 3,972 -0.4
Operating return on equity (%) 10.6 5.6 5.0
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 85.4 90.1 -4.7

The Private Customers segment managed to sustain the recent
positive trend in operating income in the final quarter. The
business was refocused to help combat the still difficult market
environment. The key aim in 2014 was to expand and refine the
digital strategy as a key milestone on the way to becoming a multi-
channel bank. Operating profit rose by €196m year-on-year to
€420m.

Income before loan loss provisions increased by €68m in 2014
to €3,417m. Once again, interest rates remained at low levels.
Rates for customer deposits fell to a historic low, but those looking
to borrow benefited from low credit interest rates. New retail
mortgage financing, for example, was up by more than 30% year-
on-year in 2014. Ultimately, ongoing and active management of
rates ensured that both factors had a positive impact on net
which rose by €90m to €1,861m. The
reorganisation of our securities business at the start of the second

interest income,

half of 2013 has allowed us to tailor investment opportunities in

this area even more closely to the needs of our customers. In

particular, the flat-fee premium custody account, asset

management and asset management products resulted in a steady
shift from transaction-dependent to volume-based commission

income. The high level of customer acceptance of the new custody

account models was particularly apparent in the final quarter of
the year under review. The decline in revenues from transaction-
dependent securities business recorded earlier in the year has yet
to be fully offset, but this trend was counteracted by a rise in
pension products business. Overall, net commission income was
down 1.4% last year to €1,538m. The changes in current net
income from companies accounted for using the equity method and
other net income were mainly driven by provisions for litigation
following the recent rulings of the Federal Court of Justice on loan
processing fees.

Loan loss provisions in the private customer business remained
low at €-79m, €29m lower than the previous year.

Operating expenses were down €99m or 3.3% to €2,918m. A
marked reduction in personnel expenses more than offset the slight
increase in other operating costs due primarily to investment activity
as a key element of our growth strategy.

Pre-tax profit in the Private Customers segment increased by
87.5% overall in 2014 to €420m, compared with €224m in the
previous year.

The operating return on equity based on average capital
employed of €4.0bn was 10.6% (previous year: 5.6%) At 85.4%,

the cost/income ratio was lower than in 2013 (90.1%).

71

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

72

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Main developments in 2014

In 2014 the Private Customers segment again concentrated on
further implementing the 2016 strategic agenda. The segment
made good progress and continued the good performance of last
year, achieving further growth in terms of customers, accounts
and assets. For instance, around 288,000 net new customers were
won in 2014, with the branch network attracting 221,000 of them.

Customer satisfaction also reached new highs in 2014.

Private Customers

The Private Customers Group division covers Commerzbank’s
branch business in Germany for retail and business customers and

Wealth Management.

Private customer strategy shows success
The private customer strategy announced in 2012 showed its first
signs of success in 2014: new business volumes in retail
mortgage financing and consumer credit business were well up
on the previous year, while volumes of asset management
products and premium custody accounts also grew strongly.

We are consistently pursuing the two thrusts of the private
customer strategy: regaining the confidence of customers
through new positioning, and expanding the Bank to become a

modern multi-channel bank.

Regaining confidence:

customer satisfaction higher than ever before

A key part of the private customer strategy is our positioning as a
fair and competent partner for customers. In 2014 Commerzbank
adapted its relationship management model for retail and business
customers in line with their changing advisory needs. For
instance, the business customer segment was reinforced with its
own management structure. The branch teams continue to be run
in line with the three core objectives of quality, growth and
profitability.

A key success factor for the quality objective is the Customer
Compass, Commerzbank’s IT-supported structured advisory
application, which was launched for private customers in 2013.
Since 2014 it has also been used to advise business customers, and
was awarded five stars by Focus Money. In Wealth Management
the “Strategic Dialogue” is used to identify customers’ financial

circumstances in a structured manner.

This also significantly improved advisory quality, as was again
apparent in the 2014 customer satisfaction scores: in every month
he Net Promoter Score, which indicates customers’ willingness to
recommend the Bank, was well above the target 30% level in both
Retail and Business Customers and Wealth Management, with the
hird quarter of 2014 even seeing the highest scores since they
were first measured. Commerzbank also did well again in
independent test shopping. For example, the Bank was for the first
ime named Best Branch Bank in Germany in the banking test

conducted by Euro magazine, and also triumphed once again in

he CityContest, the national banking test run by Focus Money.
The restructuring of complaint management also helped boost
customer satisfaction: branches were given more scope to deal
with complaints, and processes for customers were simplified.
This is a way of demonstrating fairness and competence to
customers even on the few occasions they are not satisfied.

Good progress was also made towards the core objective of
growth: following the complete overhaul of the range of products
and services in 2013 as part of the private customer strategy to
focus on the brand values of fairness and competence, these
improvements started to prove their worth in 2014. We continued
to see growth in customers, accounts and assets. New customer
gains were helped in 2014 by the marketing campaign around the
Football World Cup, which focused on the free current account
with a satisfaction guarantee. A total of over 420,000 new payment

transaction accounts were opened in 2014. This boosted the total

number by more than 160,000, while the number of premium
account models being used by retail and business customers rose
by 50,000 to over 80,000.

The investment advisory model with four custody account
models, where each customer can select the one that best suits

them, was expanded in 2014 to include the Start custody account

designed specifically for young people under the age of 30. Around
21,000 customers signed up for this model in 2014. The other
custody account models were also very well received by
customers, especially the flat-fee premium custody account with
no transaction costs or custody account charges. Retail, business
and Wealth Management customers opened 8,200 premium
custody accounts with an investment volume of €5bn in 2014.

The shift towards flat-fee investment models with no transaction
costs and fully comprehensive packages is also reflected in the
positive performance of Wealth Management products, Asset
Management and premium custody accounts: Wealth Management
recorded volume growth of €3.8bn, Asset Management currently
has €8.8bn invested, and around €6.6bn is held in premium
custody accounts. Assets under management in these custody

account models rose by 51% overall compared with 2013.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

57 Ba

62 Economic report

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

of the Commerzbank Group

71 Segment performance
71 Private Customers

94 Our employ
97 Re

ort on e

98 Outlook and opportunities re

Their good performance makes these investment models
attractive to customers and locks in stable income for the Bank.
Pensions had a strong fourth quarter in 2014: the lowering of the
guaranteed interest rate for private retirement savings pushed up
new business volumes by almost 60% compared to the same
quarter of the previous year.

2014 was a good year for lending, especially retail mortgage
financing, where Commerzbank has the innovative CobaHyp
platform that lets customers compare over 250 mortgage
providers. New real estate financing rose by more than 30%,
taking our market share to 10%. Consumer lending also did very
well in 2014, with new business volumes also up 30% on the
previous year. Lending processes were significantly simplified for
business customers. We now offer a basic loan, for example,
where the customer has to submit less documentation than
previously for a decision. There will be further simplifications in
2015 with the launch of a new application process and a financing
application for personal and business loans.

The segment also made faster than expected progress with
regard to profitability. INMcome was higher compared to 2013, while
costs were further stabilised. Commerzbank announced in
February 2013 that it was to cut around 1,800 jobs in the private
customer business by the end of 2015. Just under 90% of the cuts

had already been implemented by the end of 2014.

Modernising the Bank: direct bank capability achieved
One of the main thrusts of the private customer strategy is to
expand to become a multi-channel bank. The aim is to make
products and services accessible to customers on all channels,
both personally in the branch and online. Here too the segment is
on track, with direct bank capability achieved at the end of 2014.
This means that Commerzbank customers can now carry out all
major transactions online, and an increasing number are doing
just that: around 10% of all cost-free current accounts were
opened online in 2014. The online banking portal was completely
redesigned in 2014. It is now much more modern and user
friendly, and the range of services has been steadily expanded.
Technical processes have also been improved and shortened, for
example customers can now place their securities orders more
quickly and conveniently online. Commerzbank is also trialling
innovative functions such as legitimising customers by video when
concluding sales transactions of selected products. Nearly 140,000
new online connections were set up for customers in 2014.

The offering for mobile devices was also further extended, with
a new app specifically for tablets launched in 2014. We also
released an app for quickly checking account balances without
having to log in. Commerzbank apps had been downloaded some
1.1 million times by the end of 2014. The Bank plans to launch a
digital budgeting application in 2015, allowing customers to

manage income and expenses by type.

fter the r

orting perioc

The modernisation of the Bank affects not only online banking
but also the branches. Commerzbank is currently testing new
branch models in Stuttgart and Berlin. The first test branch was
opened at the end of 2013, with three more following in the firs
quarter of 2014. The flagship and city branches allow customers
to experience a new type of banking, with a wider range o
products and services and a new advisory approach. Ideas being
trialled in the pilot branches include more points of contac
between customer and advisor, for example by integrating the

self-service area into the branch, entirely new services such as

credit and debit cards to take away immediately, and advice and

cashier services by video.

Direct Banking

The Direct Banking Group division covers the activities of the
comdirect group (comdirect bank AG and ebase GmbH). With
some 1.7 million securities custody accounts and 20 million
securities transactions executed, the comdirect Group is the
market leader in the online securities business for modern
investors, and with over 1.1 million current accounts it is also one
of Germany’s leading direct banks.

It was another successful year for the comdirect Group. It
gained a lot of new direct banking customers with a further
expansion of its offering. Trading saw a record number of orders
executed, thanks in part to the heavy use of CFDs. In addition, net
new money and positive price effects resulted in significantly
higher portfolio volumes in Investing. Deposit volumes also rose
markedly due to the higher number of current and call accounts in
Banking. ebase, which caters for institutional partners, expanded
its services for insurers, asset managers and small and medium-
sized banks in particular. Custody account volumes rose moderately
at ebase despite a slight decline in customer numbers.

With its focus on innovative financial services in Trading,
Investing and Banking, the comdirect Group is aiming to win over
increasing numbers of customers and help them make better
financial decisions. “Better investing’ was a major product
innovation in the year under review and allows customers to invest
in just a few steps in a quality-tested ETF or fund portfolio that
meets their needs. Further product launches are imminent, mainly
in mobile banking. The aim of these is to make the desired

offering available to customers anytime, anywhere.

73

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

74

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Commerz Real

2014 was a hugely successful year for Commerz Real. The 100%
subsidiary is positioning itself squarely as a centre of excellence for
physical assets. Assets under management at year-end amounted to
€32bn; €20bn in investment products and €12bn in financing
products. The fund range includes the open-end real estate fund
hausInvest, institutional investment products and equity investments
under the CFB Invest brand in real assets focused on aircraft,
renewable energies and real estate. As the leasing company of the
Commerzbank Group it also offers customised asset leasing plans
and individual financing structures for physical assets such as real
estate, big-ticket items and infrastructure projects.

With a volume of €9.6bn and net inflows of over €300m,
hausInvest was once again one of the leading open-end real estate
funds. Outstanding successes were achieved in both asset
management and the transaction business, generating a 2.5%
return for the year — excellent given the current low interest rate
environment.

Commerz Real was one of the first market participants to
receive a licence as a capital management company (KVG) to sell,
manage and administer closed-end domestic retail alternative
investment funds (AIFs) and closed-end and open-end domestic
special AIFs. The licence covers a broad range of real assets. In
November 2014 Commerz Real KVG placed its first product under
the new regulations in the Capital Investment Code: CFB Invest
Flugzeuginvestment 1 gives investors access to ownership of a
Boeing 777-300 ER, the world’s most popular long-haul aeroplane.

Commerz Real is also a leading address for institutional

investors. Its comprehensive skills and many years of experience

in structuring, financing and managing investments in individual
real assets in Germany and abroad are an excellent basis for
successful projects.

Commerz Real Asset Structuring GmbH (CRAS) focuses on
financing and structuring solutions for infrastructure models, big-
ticket items, outsourced current assets and property development
with one-stop planning, construction and financing. Commerz Real
Mobilienleasing GmbH (CRM) specialises in leasing machinery
and equipment, sale and leaseback solutions and hire purchase
models.

Both companies significantly expanded their new

business volumes last year despite major handicaps in the shape
of an unwillingness to invest and regulatory and tax changes.
CRM, which primarily distributes through Mittelstandsbank,
enjoyed a hefty 30% rise, mainly in its core expertise of

machinery and equipment.

Outlook for Private Customers

2015 will see profitable growth in customers, accounts and assets.
The focus will be on expanding mandated investment advisory
business, i.e. fee models that are not transaction-dependent. There
will also be growth in lending to business customers. Marketing
activities will be accelerated, especially on the internet, to win new
customers. There will be a special focus on partnerships. The
segment is looking to expand existing cooperations such as those
with the Lufthansa frequent flyer programme Miles & More or the
Commerzbank partner programme Company & More. This is
aimed at companies and offers employees of selected firms special
terms provided at least ten new customers per firm join. Winning
new cooperation partners is also a target for 2015. Measures to
strengthen customer retention will also be stepped up to reduce
the number of customers leaving, permitting further growth in
customers, accounts and assets.

In addition, we will drive forward the switch from being a
branch network bank to being a multi-channel bank. The aim is to
have online and mobile banking more closely integrated with
branches, e.g. by using a shared technical platform. Organisational
changes are also being made, with the sales structures in the
Private Customers segment and Mittelstandsbank being brought
into line with each other. This will create a shared market
presence and improve our efficiency in the eyes of customers.
Since 1 February 2015 Germany has been divided into five market
regions, each headed up by a Divisional Board Member for Sales.
The previous main branch structure will be replaced over the course
of the year by 65 branches across the territories of the five Divisional
Board Members. This will also remove a layer of management,

cutting complexity.
Mittelstandsbank
ee

€1.2bn

Operating profit

Operating profit
up 10% year on year

G%

Increase in
lending volume

We significantly increased our average lending volume
to both domestic and foreign corporate customers and
financial institutions in 2014. This was achieved de-
spite the market environment remaining tough and
competitive pressure persisting. Our strong willing-
ness to lend reflects our understanding of what a long-
term business partnership in both sides’ mutual
interest means.

» We process 8% of German

USD export payments.«

€-342m

for risk provisions

Prizes and awards in 2014

1°' place

Best

Mittelstandsbank
— eee

Dt. Institut fir Service-Qualitat
1st place
“Test Winner — Mittelstandsbank”

DISTINGUISHED
PROVIDER 2014

EUR

EUR

FImetrix

Fimetrix

“Distinguished Provider 2014“

Global Transaction Banking

9

aa

The Trade Facilitation Programme
Award

oreo

Commerzbank AG

Ja Reveyplb cl Cutaatesnge preterm op Use

Most Active Confirming Bank

trad Copvene— Wrage

EBRD Award
“Most Active Confirming
Bank in 2013“
Group Management Report

76

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Mittelstandsbank

The Mittelstandsbank segment is divided into the three Group
divisions Mittelstand Germany, Corporate Banking & International
and Financial Institutions. The Mittelstand Germany Group division
serves small and medium-sized customers, the public sector and
regional and small and medium-sized institutional customers in
Germany. The Corporate Banking & International Group division

serves corporate customers with a turnover of more than €500m

that are not listed in the M-DAX or DAX and smaller groups with
high capital market requirements, plus customers in the energy
sector. The Financial Institutions Group division is responsible for
managing relationships with German and foreign commercial and
central banks via a global network of correspondent banks and
supports other Group divisions and segments in their international
activities and strategies.

Mittelstandsbank increased its operating profit year-on-year in

2014 despite the difficult market environment.

Performance
Table 10
€m 2013 Change in
%/%-points
Income before provisions 2,916 2,917 0.0
Loan loss provisions —342 -470 —27.2
Operating expenses 1,357 1,337 1.5
Operating profit/loss 1,217 1,110 9.6
Capital employed 6,926 5,990 15.6
Operating return on equity (%) 17.6 18.5 -1.0
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 46.5 45.8 0.7

With market conditions still difficult, Mittelstandsbank once again
provided the main contribution to profits within the Core Bank in
2014. The segment posted an operating profit of €1,217m in the

year under review, compared with €1,110m in the previous year.

Mittelstandsbank’s earnings performance was boosted by a reduction
in loan loss provisions for lending. There was another pleasing
increase in lending volumes, up some 8% year-on-year.

Income before loan loss provisions was €2,916m, in line with
the previous year.

At €1,792m, net interest income was up 3.5% on the previous
year. Credit volumes rose in all Group divisions, and net interest
income was also up. Net interest income from deposits declined,
however, even though volumes were higher. Net commission
income was slightly higher than in 2013, rising by 1.9% to
€1,086m. Despite increases in certain areas, in particular
documentary and corporate finance business, income from
interest rate and currency hedging business was slightly down on
the previous year due to market conditions. Net trading income

was €-7m, compared with €29m in 2013.

Net investment income for the reporting period was €11m,
compared with €54m in the previous year. The fall in both net
trading income and net investment income was mainly due to
measurement effects on restructured loans in the previous year.
Other net income came to €25m, compared with €29m a year
earlier.

Loan loss provisions for lending amounted to €-342m,

compared with €-470m in 2013. The fall was mainly due to lower

additions to loss loan provisions for individual commitments.

At €1,357m, operating expenses were on a par with last year’s
figure of €1,337m. A slight rise in personnel expenses and other
operating expenses was offset by lower indirect costs.

Overall, the Mittelstandsbank segment posted a pre-tax profit
of €1,217m for 2014, which represents a year-on-year increase of
around 10%.

The operating return on equity based on average capital
employed of €6.9bn was 17.6% (2013: 18.5%). The cost/income
ratio was 46.5%, compared with 45.8% in 2013.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance
76 Mittelstandsbank

94 Our employ
97 Report or

98 Outlook and oppo

Main developments in 2014

Ten years ago, after 145 years in the corporate customer business,
Commerzbank explicitly committed itself to the Mittelstand and
became the first bank in Germany to set up a separate Board-level
department: the Mittelstandsbank. German companies are
increasingly rewarding this focus, giving top scores in customer
satisfaction surveys. They rank us as the market leader in German
foreign trade and the best bank for the Mittelstand. And we are

steadily extending this lead.

Successful progress in internationalisation

As part of the expansion of our international strategy we are
intensifying our business in selected core markets. We have had
six locations in Switzerland since April 2014, and are seeing
pleasing growth in new customers. We are now serving small and
medium-sized businesses as well as large corporates, giving them
access to the full range of products. We support our corporate
customers in both their local and their international activities.
After Switzerland, the service model has now been extended to
Austria, with more and more business being done with Mittelstand
customers at our existing location in Vienna. We are also
strengthening our activities in growth markets worldwide.
Commerzbank has signed an agreement with Bank of China in
Frankfurt for the direct processing of renminbi payments in
Frankfurt. The renminbi clearing centre in Frankfurt opened on 17
November 2014, giving Commerzbank’s corporate customers a
new way to transfer payments in the Chinese currency directly to

the mainland without going through Hong Kong.

The bank at your side — even in cash management and
international business

Our advisory skills, ability to process international business and
strong presence abroad form the basis for us to accompany our
customers in their international activities. We attach particular
importance to looking at customers’ entire value chain as well as
that of their suppliers and customers, to ensure that financing,
hedging and payments solutions are ideally coordinated. In 2014
we successfully provided our customers with customised advice
on payments processing and the switch to the Single European
Payments Area (SEPA), as well as giving smart and professional
support with worldwide cash concentrating and treasury solutions.
This involved analysing and optimising customers’ national and
international cash flows, both for smaller domestic companies and

complex major firms with global operations.

rtun

ting perioc

t

Customer satisfaction increases again

According to our annual survey, the high level of satisfaction
among our customers is based primarily on our competence, our
commitment and the customised advice and support we provide.
These allowed us to further improve on the already very good
scores we achieved last year. We regard this high level of
appreciation as an incentive to continue to grow the added value
for our customers. Their trust is also reflected in the substantial rise
in loan drawdowns seen over the past twelve months.
Commerzbank has thus shown once again that it finances growth in

the real economy.

We are the best Mittelstandsbank
The advisory quality and solution expertise provided by
Mittelstandsbank mean our customers are very satisfied. This was
demonstrated once again at the beginning of 2014 when the
German Institute for Service Quality (DISQ) polled 300 financial
decision makers in the Mittelstand about their satisfaction. The
four largest full-service banks, the savings banks and the
cooperative banks were rated. Commerzbank was ranked first in
the survey with a score of “very good overall”. The Bank’s
performance and strong customer focus were particularly praised.

DISQ said employees “scored on credibility and expertise.”

Main Incubator GmbH: promoting the banking of the future

Commerzbank has set up a separate 100% subsidiary called Main
Incubator GmbH within Mittelstandsbank with the aim of
identifying banking trends at an early stage, participating in
innovation in financial services and developing and implementing
trends as part of a company builder approach. 120 business
concepts have been examined since the company began operating
in March 2014. The first investment was announced in September,
with Main Incubator acting as joint co-lead with Software AG in a
financing round for Traxpay AG. This financing round was named
Deal of the Year by UK financial magazine Acquisition International
and M&A specialist data provider Deal Feed International. Further
investments are currently being negotiated and_ individual
cooperations with financial technology startups are already in

place.

Mittelstand Germany

The Mittelstand Germany Group division serves small and medium-
sized customers with a turnover of between €2.5m and €500m,
public-sector customers and _ institutional customers in the
Mittelstandsbank.

77

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

78

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

It provides tailored and efficient solutions to fit their individual
situation and the best possible coverage from corporate customer

advisers and product specialists at 150 locations in Germany.

Financing concepts that go beyond traditional loans

In Financial Engineering we develop sustainably viable financing
concepts with our Mittelstand customers. These include, for
example, club deals allowing customers to stabilise the number of
banks they use. Our customers have made us one of the leading
banks when it comes to distributing government subsidies to the
German Mittelstand. For the fifth time in succession, Euromoney
magazine named us Best Arranger of German Loans. The ongoing
positive response to our Financial Engineering concept encouraged

us to extend the product offering to Switzerland during the year.

Getting a grip on risks and investment requirements

Globalisation means that increasing numbers of companies are
having to deal with manufacturing facilities and trading partners in
countries with minor currencies. As an internationally active bank
we work with our customers in all currencies. Our risk
management services and solutions enable them to seize the
opportunities in foreign business and reduce the associated risk.
The German Risk Ranking 2014 had Commerzbank in first place
overall, and customers rate it as the best bank for currency and
risk management in particular. Companies continue to have
significant amounts of funds to place, despite high capex and low
interest rates. The low rates are encouraging our customers to
seek higher returns. Companies are willing to accept longer
maturities or invest in more complex products such as promissory
note loans, bonds and funds. We offer customers the full range of

investment management products.

Corporate Banking & International

In Germany, the Corporate Banking & International Group division
serves corporate customers with a turnover of over €500m, plus
some below this level that have capital market requirements, from
seven corporate customer centres. Internationally, we have
operational units in Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia and

North America. We also work with customers in the energy sector.

Thinking and acting across borders

Commerzbank follows a cross-border relationship management
approach to ensure that Mittelstandsbank customers are managed
using the same model all over the world. The relationship manager
responsible for a corporate group coordinates a client service team
made up of product specialists and co-relationship managers in
Germany and abroad. This rigorous relationship management model
reduces complexity for customers when it comes to processing their
banking transactions, not only in Germany but worldwide. The client
service team operates internationally and has access to customised
corporate banking products. The Commerzbank product range
meets the local and international needs of globally active companies

in a targeted manner.

Leaders in syndicated lending

A key part of the global client service team are the product units in
Corporates & Markets, which specialise in large corporates. In
2014, for instance, Commerzbank maintained its position as a
leading player in syndicated lending for large corporates and
international customers, acting as a strong structuring and
financing partner. The large number of repeat mandates we win

from customers is a sign of our sustainability.

Strategic partner in the shift towards renewable energy

Commerzbank has been financing renewable energies projects
since the mid-1980s. With this long track record and an energy
competence centre, Commerzbank can act as a strategic partner
for customers dealing with the challenges and opportunities
presented by the shift towards renewable energy. Financing
volumes for wind and solar parks rose sharply again in the year
under review to €704m. In the current year we will continue to
focus on expanding financing activities in Germany and core
foreign markets, and on other business related to the shift towards

renewables.

Financial Institutions

The skill and expertise of the Financial Institutions Group division
lies in handling foreign payment transactions, hedging foreign
trade risk and financing foreign trade deals via its global network of
some 5,000 correspondent banks. The Group division also provides
its customers with bilateral loans, supports them in syndicated
loans and, together with the Corporates & Markets segment, offers

solutions for active risk management.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance
76 Mittelstandsbank

94 Our employees

97 Repo

98 Outlook and opportunitie:

Global presence

The Financial Institutions relationship management team based in
Frankfurt follows a global service approach and has a worldwide
sales network of 43 representative offices and Financial
Institutions desks in all key economic areas. The Group division
not only works with customers on opportunities that arise but also
points out potential risks. Comprehensive coverage and advice is
provided by a Financial Institutions relationship manager, who is
supported by a host of qualified product and risk specialists,

including those in other units of the Bank.

Extending the leading market position in the eurozone

According to SWIFT, Commerzbank was one of the leading
institutions for handling foreign trade deals in the eurozone in 2014.
It maintained its 8% share of the export payments market, while
the market share for handling export documentary credits rose
3.5% year-on-year to 17.5%. This not only makes us the market
leader for handling export documentary credits in Germany, but also
further reinforces our significance for the eurozone. In October
2014 our product range in foreign documentary business was

expanded with the FI-X-aminer, which gives banks the opportunity

to have their documentary credit documents checked easily and
efficiently by Commerzbank. FI-X-aminer is a logical extension of
the Financial Institutions product range and_ reinforces
Commerzbank’s position as the leading trade service bank in
Under the

Commerzbank was named Most Active Confirming Bank by the

Europe. leadership of Financial Institutions,
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development for the tenth
time in succession. This programme for promoting trade helps
many German exporters, especially those trading with countries

in Central and Eastern Europe.

Outlook for Mittelstandsbank

Based on our customer-focused relationship management model,
we will continue to act as a strategic partner for our customers in
2015 and are planning for further growth in Germany and abroad,
although we have to deal with persistently low interest rates and
ever stricter regulation. The after-effects of the euro crisis will
continue to curb growth rates. We nevertheless anticipate a steady

increase in capex, however, especially in the Mittelstand.

ort on events after the

ting perioc
t

We will continue to strengthen our leading position in
corporate customer business, and with this in mind are planning
to optimise Mittelstandbank’s domestic sales and head office
structure in 2015. Optimising the sales and head office structure in
Germany is a key element of this and represents the first step in
refocusing Mittelstandsbank on the customer. We want to meet the
needs of our customers in an even more rapid and focused manner
with simpler, direct structures. We are also investing in the quality
of our advice and services and optimising operating procedures
and sales processes. This will make the segment fit for future
success in a changing environment for corporate business.

Our strategy at Mittelstandsbank is to offer a full range of
services for corporate customers in Germany with a clear focus on
financing the real economy. We will therefore add commercial real
estate financing to our product range to ensure we can continue to
meet all of our customers’ needs. The public sector is a major
growth segment for Mittelstandsbank. With a focused presence in
nine locations across the country, we will in future be bundling
our skills in this customer segment to intensify our customer
relationships with municipalities and  municipally-owned
corporations and gain more new customers for our services. We
wish to clearly increase our market share in the public sector in
the coming years.

During the year under review Commerzbank laid the
foundations for establishing a subsidiary in Sao Paulo, Brazil. This
will target SMEs and large companies that use the capital markets.
The company is due to start operating in 2015. Financial
Institutions intends to access the growth potential in attractive
markets by opening representative offices in Baghdad, Iraq and
Abidjan, Céte d’Ivoire in 2015.

IT investments will focus in particular on digitisation to meet the
need of our corporate customers for a modern infrastructure and
on adaptations to reflect regulatory changes. Modernising our
online presence will be a special feature. Customers will be able to
access the new portal in the first half of 2015; this will consolidate
the existing Mittelstandsbank applications and also offer new
functionalities, providing corporate customers with an additional
channel to complement our personal relationship management
model. This is the first step towards becoming a modern multi-
channel bank for corporate customers — one that will continue to
focus on their needs.

79

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

80

Central & Eastern Europe
ee

! 364m

Operating profit

Rising income from the
increased lending volume
and larger number of cus-
tomer transactions

The increase in total income was largely driven by higher core income,
including net interest income and net commission income. The rise in
lending volume, higher margins on credit products and increasing cus-
tomer and transaction numbers made positive contributions to this
trend. At the same time, the cost/income ratio decreased from 53.1%
in 2013 to 47.2% in 2014, thanks to prudent cost management.

“mBank remains on a
successful growth path.’

mBank

+4%

Increase in
lending volume

+9%

Increase in
deposit volumes

+approx.
320,000

net new customers last year

Prizes and awards in 2014

1*' place

World s Best
Internet Banks

Global Finance Award 2014
mBank: 1* place
World s Best Internet Banks

1*' place

The most
friendly financial
institution

Forbes Magazine Award
mBank: 1*' place
The most friendly financial institution

Efma

Distribution & Marketing Innovation Award by Efma
mBank: 1*' place
*The most disruptive innovation category

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance
81 Central & Eastern Europe

94 Our employees

97 Report on events after the reporting perioc

98 Outlook and opportunities

Central & Eastern Europe

The Central & Eastern Europe (CEE) segment comprises all of the
Group’s activities in universal banking and direct banking in
Central and Eastern Europe. The segment is represented by the

Performance

Table 11

€m

=port

mBank brand, which provides retail, corporate and investment
banking services for customers in Poland, and retail banking
services for customers in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. At the
end of 2014 mBank had a market share of around 8%, making it

the fourth-largest bank in Poland.

Change in
%/%-points

Income before provisions 923 808 14.2
Loan loss provisions -123 -119 3.4
Operating expenses 436 429 1.6
Operating profit/loss 364 260 40.0
Capital employed 1,587 1,654 -4.1
Operating return on equity (%) 22.9 15.7 7.2
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 47.2 53.1 -5.9

Poland again enjoyed a better economic performance than the
rest of the eurozone in 2014. The uncertainties associated with
the crisis in neighbouring Ukraine scarcely affected economic
performance during the year.

The segment improved its operating profit by €104m year-on-
year to €364m.

Income before loan loss provisions totalled €923m in the
period under review and was thus €115m higher year-on-year.
The main driver was significant growth in net interest income,
which was primarily attributable to increased volumes of loans and
deposits from both private and corporate customers and active
interest rate management at mBank, for example growth of
higher-margin loans. In total, net interest income rose to €585m.
Net commission income was up 8.6% year-on-year to €215m,
although the fee reduction on cards in Poland in the middle of the
year had a negative impact. All in all, the sustained and pleasing
rise in new customers and higher transaction numbers were
behind the good income performance. The number of customers
at mBank rose 320,000 to 4.7 million in 2014.

Loan loss provisions were up slightly year on year by €4m to
€-123m.

Operating expenses were €7m higher than the prior-year
figure at €436m. This was largely due to the intensification of
projects and advertising as part of the One Bank strategy.

The Central & Eastern Europe segment reported a pre-tax
profit of €364m in 2014, compared with €260m in 2013, an
increase of 40%.

The operating return on equity based on average capital
employed of €1.6bn was 22.9% (2013: 15.7%). The cost/income
ratio improved to 47.2%, compared with 53.1% in 2013.

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

82

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Main developments in 2014

The most important strategic projects carried out during 2014
included the further implementation of the One Bank strategy
adopted in 2012. This comprised a series of initiatives covering
customer focus, capital and cost management, product
competences and corporate culture. Some of these, such as giving
the Group a consistent brand identity by merging the three former
brands into the single mBank brand for the whole Group,
simplifying and flattening structures and making organisational
changes, like bringing corporate and investment banking together,
have already been implemented. A start was also made on
reorganising all branches for private and corporate customers so
that every customer of the mBank Group can access the full range
of services in every branch. This process should be completed by
the end of 2018.

Of particular strategic importance for mBank were the alliance
agreed in 2014 with Orange Polska (one of Poland’s leading
telecoms providers) and the intended cooperation with AXA Group
in bancassurance.

One of mBank’s strategic objectives is to increase the
diversification of its funding sources: two eurobonds were
successfully placed in 2014 as part of the Euro Medium Term
Notes (EMTN) programme, both with a nominal value of €500m,
maturing in 2019 and 2021 respectively. mBank Hipoteczny, a
mortgage banking subsidiary of mBank, also issued PLN 1bn of

Pfandbriefe.

Strategic alliance with Orange Polska

On 2 October 2014 mBank, one of the leading banks for
transaction banking and mobile financial services, and Orange
Polska launched a shared mobile banking project called Orange
Finance. A team from both firms has designed a new offering for
customers who expect to have easy access to their finances
wherever they are. What is innovative about Orange Finance is the
ability to use banking products exclusively via a mobile Android or
iOS app. mBank products are also offered to Orange Finance
customers online and through around 900 of the mobile phone
provider’s shops in Poland. The online banking platform was
developed as an enhancement to the mobile app and gives
customers innovative new functionalities such as an intelligent
search engine that provides a rapid view of all account movements
without having to enter large amounts of text. The platform also

has a tool for planning spending and simple budgeting.

Cooperation with AXA Group

In September 2014 Aspiro, an mBank subsidiary and owner of
insurer BRE  Ubezpieczenia Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen i
Reasekuracji (BRE Ubezpieczenia TUiR) signed an agreement with
AXA Group to sell 100% of the shares of BRE Ubezpieczenia

TUiR. Once the necessary approvals have been given by the Office

of Competition and Consumer Protection (UOKiK) and the Polish
financial regulator (KNF), under the terms of the transaction
mBank and AXA will sign agreements regarding a long-term
cooperation of at least ten years for the sale of life and non-life
insurance. The cooperation with AXA Group will give mBank
customers access to an even broader range of services and even
higher quality relationship management. The latest innovative
insurance products will be offered via online and mobile platforms
as well as through the traditional branch network. The strategic
alliance with AXA is the next step towards making full use of the

potential of mBank’s online and mobile platforms.

Consolidation and reorganisation of the mBank sales network

As part of its strategic reorientation started in 2012, mBank is
implementing the One Network project to harmonise its sales
network. The aim of the project is to better meet the needs of
private and corporate customers. To date there have been separate
branches for private and corporate customers, but these are being
replaced by advisory centres. There will also be “light branches”
in selected locations such as shopping malls. Advisory centres will
be set up in all cities where there is already an mBank branch.

These will offer customers the full range of retail and corporate

banking services, plus products from selected mBank subsidiaries
like mLeasing, mFactoring and the broker Dom Maklerski mBanku.
The first such branch opened in Szczecin on 16 June 2014. A total
of 89 are planned. The reorganisation of the sales network will
also see 44 “light branches” opened, where customers will be
offered basic services such as cash transactions and products like
account opening and loan or credit card applications. The
reorganisation of the sales network will be implemented on a
phased basis by the end of 2018.

Customer growth and product development

The number of private customers at mBank rose by 320,000 to
4.7 million in 2014. The sustained strong growth was also the
result of continuous work on innovative products and technical
solutions. mBank introduced a host of loan, deposit and
investment products in 2014, both new and adapted to customer
requirements, along with new processes to support sales. These
include a new mobile banking app compatible with all standard
operating systems such as Android, iOS, Windows Phone and
Windows 8.1. Improved credit processes mean the processing
time for deciding on electronic applications for loans not secured
on property has been cut from 15 minutes to 30 seconds. No
additional forms are documents are needed. mBank also offers
instalment loans to customers of Allegro.pl, the largest auction
platform in Poland. The offering for small and medium-sized
companies has also been extended. An FX platform has been
introduced that offers customers the full range of currency
transactions to trade directly or with support from the Bank. The

offering for corporate customers has also been optimised and
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance
81 Central & Eastern Europe

94 Our employ
97 Report one

98 Outlook and opportunities re

extended. The new solutions for the 18,000 or so corporate
customers of mBank include new functionalities in the mBank
CompanyMobile application, which contains new FX platform
services such as buying or selling foreign currency at a set rate.

It was thanks not least to these tailored product offerings that
the Bank was able to expand its share of the SME market in the

year under review.

Awards for mBank

mBank won more top banking sector awards in 2014. In Global
Finance Magazine’s competition to find the World’s Best Internet
Banks, mBank was awarded first prize for its transaction services
for private and corporate customers.

Efma and Accenture also placed it top in_ their
Distribution & Marketing Innovation in Retail Financial Services
Awards in three categories: Most Disruptive Innovation (for an
institution that generates new market value in the global banking
sector), Most Promising Idea (for a loan within 30 seconds) and
Everyday Banking. The jury at the BAI-Finacle Global Banking
Innovation Awards, a global competition that recognises
innovation in retail banking, ranked mBank number one in the

Channel Innovation category for its modern e-banking system.

Outlook for Central & Eastern Europe

We expect the economic upturn in Poland to continue in 2015.
Growth is likely to be boosted in particular by the recovery in the
eurozone, supported by domestic demand and new public-sector
investment. The performance of the Polish banking sector is likely

to be affected by macroeconomic factors such as the low interest

s after the r

orting perioc
t

rate environment and by tighter regulatory requirements,
including the current debate in Poland on the intended conversion
of Polish mortgage loans denominated in Swiss francs. At the
same time, however, the expected economic growth should boost
credit volumes, and the improving position of private households
and the corporate sector will be reflected in banks’ risk costs —
before one-off effects from the ongoing debate on the conversion
of Swiss franc mortgages. The main drivers of this growth are set
to be corporate loans, but an increase is also expected in the
Private Customers segment thanks to higher disposable income
and persistently low interest rates. Retail mortgage financing and
consumer loans in particular will be positively affected by falling
unemployment and improved market sentiment.

In 2015 mBank will continue its strategy of concentrating on
improving potential earnings and profitability and extending
strategic competitive advantages. In the private customer business,

the innovative mBank platform will result in a rising number of

accounts and transactions. The Bank will also further expand its
operations in the Czech and Slovak markets, which have high
growth potential. The One Network project to reorganise the branch
network will be consistently implemented in 2015 through the

opening of new advisory centres and “light branches”. In Corporate

Banking the Bank will continue its efforts to strengthen the Group’s
position among large corporates that offer high cross-selling
potential. The Bank will also expand its position in the SME
segment.

The mBank Group’s funding basis will be further diversified
and strengthened with issues and private placements. The
intention is that mBank Hipoteczny will issue more Pfandbriefe in
2015 than 2014.

83

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

84

Corporates & Markets
ee

‘Focused
international
growth.

16.1%

return on equity

Investment Banking once again ex-
ceeded its return objective in 2014,
even though capital backing in-
creased by more than 30% . Thanks
to a sustained efficiency improve-
ment programme, CM was able to
find scope for investment and keep
costs stable despite tougher regula-

tory requirements.

!6/5m

Operating profit

Strong position in
equities, bonds,
consortium loans and
structured products

+23%

growth in corpo-
rate customers in
the Americas

+26%

Corporate finance busi-
ness with international
corporate customers

Prizes and awards in 2014

5°

BiSducts*

ASIA AWARDS 2014

Structured Products Asia Awards 2014
Foreign Exchange House of the Year —Asia

TheCover
Awards 2014 1

The Cover Awards 2014
Most Improved Bank

Europe
ge SRP Structured Products
Awards 2014

Structured Retail Products 2014 European Awards
Best House, Europe , No. 3
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
62 Economic report

71 Segment performance
85 Corporates & Markets

94 Our employ
97 Re

ort on e

98 Outlook and opportunities re

Corporates & Markets

The Corporates & Markets segment combines Commerzbank’s
investment banking activities. The focus is on the sale of capital
market products, advisory services and the preparation of market
analyses for Group customers requiring capital market products.
The segment comprises the Fixed Income & Currencies, Equity

Markets & Commodities, Corporate Finance, Credit Portfolio

fter the r

orting perioc

divisions, and ensures that not only Corporates & Markets

customers but also customers of other Group segments,
particularly Mittelstandsbank and Private Customers, have full
access to the entire range of investment banking products and
services.

The capital market environment in 2014 was marked by an
improvement in customer confidence in some areas, although other

areas remained challenging.

Management and Client Relationship Management Group

Performance

Table 12
€m 2013 Change in

%/%-points

Income before provisions 1,971 2,079 -5.2
Loan loss provisions 55 57 -3.5
Operating expenses 1,351 1,359 -0.6
Operating profit/loss 675 777 -13.1
Capital employed 4,193 3,063 36.9
Operating return on equity (%) 16.1 25.4 -9.3
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 68.5 65.4 3.2

The capital market environment in which the In Corporate Finance, the primary market bonds and

Corporates & Markets segment operated in 2014 was
characterised by an increasingly expansive ECB monetary policy
that pushed the yield on ten-year Bunds down to 0.55%, while
positive economic indicators in the USA suggested that rates there
may start to rise in 2015. European equity markets were largely
stable in 2014, with occasional volatility due to growing concerns
over geopolitical risks, the economy and the collapse of the oil price.
Equity trading and issue volumes meant EMC business did well
within Corporates & Markets, while fixed income volumes were
down year-on-year owing to lower customer activity.

Corporates & Markets generated an operating profit of €675m
in 2014, compared with a strong €777m in the previous year that
included positive measurement effects from restructured loans.
The profit figure includes both a positive measurement effect from
counterparty risk of €37m and a negative effect from the
measurement of own liabilities of €-56m (net effect of €-19m
compared with €64m in 2013), giving an operating profit before
these one-off effects of €694m, compared with €713m in the

previous year.

syndicated loans business made a sustainable contribution to the
segment result, which was also boosted in particular by strong
equity issuance business (Equity Capital Markets) and by
Markets.

continued to benefit from high demand for structured products

Structured Capital Equity Markets & Commodities
among institutional investors and from sales of investmen
products to private investors in 2014, boosting its income
accordingly. Earnings in Fixed Income & Currencies are a direc
reflection of the ongoing difficult market conditions, which
resulted in income being much lower than last year. Credi
Portfolio Management, which is responsible for managing and

optimising the credit portfolios and counterparty risk, generated very

satisfactory income, but this was due to write-ups on existing
portfolios.

Income before loan loss provisions for the year was €1,971m,
down €108m on the previous year. Adjusted for the change in
measurement effects from counterparty risk and the measurement
of own liabilities, income before loan loss provisions was almost in
line with last year. At €1,560m, net interest and trading income
was at the same level as in 2013. Net commission income was also

steady at €368m, compared with €367m in the previous year.

85

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

86

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Loan loss provisions saw a net release of €55m, after €57m in
the previous year.

Operating expenses were down €8m year-on-year to €1,351m,
producing a pre-tax profit of €675m (previous year: €777m).

The operating return on equity based on average capital
employed of €4.2bn fell — partly in connection with Basel 3 effects
— to 16.1% (previous year: 25.4%). The cost/income ratio was
68.5%, compared with 65.4% in the previous year. Adjusted for
the effects of measurement of own liabilities and counterparty risk
in derivatives business, the operating return on equity would be
16.5% (previous year: 23.3%). The adjusted cost/income ratio

would be 67.9%, compared with 67.4% a year earlier.

Main developments in 2014

The performance of the various Group divisions in 2014 was
driven by a market environment of historically low interest rates
and occasional low volatility. The year was also challenging due to
regulatory requirements and the operating conditions in certain
business areas. The segment’s diversified base paid off, with
reduced activity in some areas made up for by strengths
elsewhere.

Corporate Finance generally performed well, while Fixed
Income & Currencies suffered from low customer hedging needs.
Equity Markets & Commodities benefited from increased trading
and the same sustained demand for structured investment
products that was seen last year. Credit Portfolio Management

made a solid contribution to the profit of Corporates & Markets.

Fixed Income & Currencies

Earnings at Fixed Income & Currencies were mainly driven by the
sustained low level of rates in Interest Rates Trading, which kept
customer activity low throughout the year. Low volatility in the
currency markets also dampened activity in the second quarter,
but there was a significant recovery in the third and fourth
quarters, meaning that the demand for currency hedging was up
overall. With interest rates low in Europe and a lack of investment
alternatives available, Emerging Markets and Credit Trading
achieved positive results.! Overall, however, the Group division’s

profit was down year-on-year.

A market service offering was launched as an early response to
increased regulatory requirements. This new division has been
well received by customers, especially as regards knowledge of
OTC derivatives and custody solutions.

In the year under review Commerzbank signed an agreement
with Bank of China in Frankfurt for the direct processing of
renminbi payments in Frankfurt. For this we were able to draw on
our expertise and resources in Hong Kong and Singapore.
Commerzbank now offers renminbi accounts in Asia and Europe,
allowing reliable settlement for goods transactions and capital
transfers to and from China. Mittelstandsbank will be working with
Fixed Income & Currencies to develop the renminbi product
offering in order to assist with the many questions customers have
about this growth market.

We are well placed in this area, as the awards we have won
show. Commerzbank came top in the German Risk Derivatives
Ranking 2014. The Group division also placed first in the Forward
Rate Agreements, Cross Currency Swaps, FX Swaps, FX Options,
FX Forwards and Structured Products categories. Commerzbank
was also ranked first and second as primary dealer for Germany
and the Netherlands. Fixed Income & Currencies also received the
Outperformer Award for Germany in the Global Custodian Agent
Banks Survey. It was also named Foreign Exchange House of the

Year — Asia for structured products.

Equity Markets & Commodities

Equity Markets & Commodities had a record year in 2014,
profiting from the diversified nature of the business and strong
customer demand. The steep rise in profit is attributable to a
pleasing performance in equity-led business. Customers also made
use of the combination of various product offerings in challenging
commodity markets.

The performance in 2014 again confirmed the Group division’s
strong position as Germany’s leading provider of equity and
commodity products and market maker for structured securities.
New products for corporate and institutional customers in Asset

and Liability Management Solutions also contributed.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

57 Ba

62 Economic report

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

of the Commerzbank Group

71 Segment performance
85 Corporates & Markets

94 Our employ
97 Re

ort on e

98 Outlook and opportunities re

Our customer-focused business approach was rewarded with
numerous prestigious honours. Commerzbank came top in the
Structured Products and Commodities category in the survey of
German derivatives customers conducted by Deutsche Risk
magazine. At the Certificate Awards 2014, Commerzbank was the
only bank to win two German retail awards: first place for
Certificate of the Year, with almost 42% of the votes, for the
Classic Chance reverse convertible product, and second place in

the Certificate House of the Year category. Commerzbank also won

several awards in a range of categories, in addition to coming top

in both Discount Certificates and Index Tracker Certificates.

Corporate Finance

In an overwhelmingly positive market environment, Corporate
Finance once again posted a solid performance, albeit falling short
of the high level achieved in 2013 thanks to the positive impact of
restructured loans. Equity Capital Markets profited from lower
equity market volatility and a dividend yield in excess of bonds.
The volume of equity issues in Germany and Europe was well up
on previous years. We worked on numerous equity transactions
such as IPOs and capital increases in the year under review.
Income in this area almost doubled compared with the previous
year. The sustained low level of interest rates triggered further
demand for debt financing. Debt Capital Markets Bonds worked on
a host of bond issues for German and international companies,
banks and public-sector borrowers, further boosting income from
the already high level recorded last year. The division continued
its selective internationalisation in line with its business focus,
adding renminbi bonds and green bonds to its product range. It
featured in the top five of the Global Covered Bonds ranking for
the first time and was rated Number One Most Improved MTNs
Dealer by The Cover Awards. After a cautious start to the year, the
market for syndicated loans saw a sharp rise in issue volumes
compared with 2013, mainly driven by acquisition financing. In a
competitive market, Debt Capital Markets Loans defended its
market leadership in Germany based on number of transactions,
and also won several honours in the Euroweek Awards, including
Number One Best Arranger of Loans. We were able to reinforce
our leading competitive position in the leveraged finance business
in Germany and Europe in 2014. Leveraged Finance also
maintained its position towards the top of the league tables in

Germany in 2014 in terms of the number of transactions executed.

fter the r

orting perioc

The strong market growth in mergers and acquisitions in
Germany and the rest of Europe during the year under review was
mainly attributable to large-scale international transactions, while
SMEs were more cautious. M&A Advisory further strengthened its
competitive position in the German Mittelstand segment, winning
a series of advisory mandates. Structured Capital Markets
successfully completed numerous transactions, including in
aircraft financing, and once again made a good contribution to

results.

Credit Portfolio Management

Within the Corporates & Markets segment, Credit Portfolio
Management (CPM) is responsible for managing default risk on
loans and trading transactions. Counterparty risk management
also takes into account the expected cost of providing collateral for
derivatives transactions (funding value adjustments). CPM’s
responsibilities also include the ongoing value-maximising
reduction of the holdings of the former Portfolio Restructuring
Unit, which have already been cut back significantly. Specific
credit risks at Mittelstandsbank are also hedged in the capital
market on request. A service level agreement is in place, under
which CPM advises the NCA segment on reducing the Public
Finance portfolio. CPM also helps NCA manage its Private Finance
Initiative book. Despite higher regulatory capital costs for
counterparty risk, the Group division nevertheless delivered a solid
contribution to segment results once again in 2014. By focusing
on prices for credit and counterparty risk that reflect the market
and the level of risk, CPM makes a major contribution to ensuring
customer relationships are properly valued in the international
lending business at Corporates & Markets. Over the past year we
primarily invested in refining our methodology and further
expanding our systems for managing the risks and capital in
derivative counterparty risk. Working with DCM Loans, CPM
launched several initiatives to boost income from international

lending.

87

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

88

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Client Relationship Management

Client Relationship Management is responsible for providing
global support to companies that use the capital markets, selected
German family companies in all key industrial sectors and
financial institutions outside the banking sector. The Group
division also looks after leading private equity investors, sovereign
wealth funds, asset managers, the Federal Government and the
individual German states. In order to offer customers tailored
solutions, the Group division works intensively with the relevant
product specialists from all areas of the Bank in Germany and
abroad. In 2014, Client Relationship Management once again
stood by its customers as a strong and reliable partner in
investment and corporate banking. The focus as regards the Group
division’s customers was on providing innovative answers to the
challenges presented by the global financial markets in terms of

funding their business activities and ensuring their liquidity.

Outlook for Corporates & Markets

In a business environment that remains challenging, mainly for
regulatory reasons but to an extent also for market reasons,
Corporates & Markets will further strengthen its position in
individual Group divisions. It will seek to further increase its
customer base, especially institutional customers and_ large
corporates.

Corporates & Markets also plans to launch a new centre of
competence model, bundling together product and market
expertise in the different locations. The aim is to generate
synergies by industrialising production processes internally. Front
and back office units will be allocated to Frankfurt for standardised
trading solutions and to London for complex structured trading
solutions. Subject to negotiations with employee representatives,
the intention is to shift jobs from London to Frankfurt. The

Corporates & Markets offering will remain unchanged across all

asset classes. Customers will still be able to benefit from the
accustomed products and services in future.

Corporate Finance will also continue to develop its traditional
strengths in debt capital markets, especially in financing European
multinationals. Thanks to its integrated business approach, Equity
Markets & Commodities will continue to successfully exploit
synergies within Commerzbank and offer a high-quality range of
products to all Group customers. Special attention is being paid to
strengthening the relationships with customers served by
Commerzbank’s Private Customers segment. We will also continue
to work on expanding our trading platform. In Client Relationship
Management, both existing customers and new asset management
customers will be offered a comprehensive service approach
geared to their needs. In Fixed Income & Currencies, the centre of
competence approach will see standardised interest rate and
currency trading concentrated in Frankfurt to allow closer
integration with the existing process expertise in electronic
trading (as is already the case with equities) and a bundling of
back office support functions.

There will again be a special focus on cost discipline in

Corporates & Markets in 2015. The major cost initiative launched

in 2012, which has already delivered savings, is expected to
produce further large reductions this year, thus creating scope for
necessary investment. There will be particular challenges in 2015
from market-sensitive customer behaviour, the efforts of
customers to generate returns in a low interest rate environment
and the changes that have to be made to processes and IT systems
to keep up with the ongoing major changes in the regulatory
environment. 2015 will also see more measures to optimise our
customer-focused model in the product areas.

Corporates & Markets is mainly looking to continue growing
business with large corporates in Western Europe and with
Mittelstandsbank customers, and to build up business in the USA

and Asia as a strong partner for subsidiaries of German

companies. Overall, this provides a sound basis for the further

solid development of the Corporates & Markets segment.
Non-Core Assets
ee

“We have success-
fully reduced
holdings with the
greatest risks.’

89

!—32bn

Further portfolio reduction in 2014. We have
already passed the reduction target of ! 93bn
set for 2016; the level at the end of the year
under review was ! 84bn.

BI

Reduction in the
overall portfolio

The speed of reduction in the NCA seg-
ment remains high, coming after a de-

crease the previous year of 23% .

—40%

Loan loss provision
expense cut

—6% 44%

Ship financing Reduction in the
portfolio reduced CRE portfolio

Group Management Report

90

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Non-Core Assets

The Non-Core Assets segment (NCA) groups together the
Commercial Real Estate portfolio (CRE), the ship financing
portfolio (Deutsche Schiffsbank, DSB) and the Public Finance
portfolio (PF) in the respective Group divisions.

The CRE portfolio principally relates to Hypothekenbank
Frankfurt AG (HF). The
Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG, the Commerzbank subsidiary Erste
Europaische Pfandbrief- und
Aktiengesellschaft in Luxemburg S. A. (EEPK) and Commerzbank

PF portfolio is split between

Kommunalkreditbank

Aktiengesellschaft. The non-core parts of the retail banking

portfolio of Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG and assets and equity
stakes belonging to Commerz Real that cannot currently be placed
are also allocated to the NCA segment, along with a few
infrastructure portfolios from Commerzbank’s former Portfolio
Restructuring Unit (PRU).

The NCA reduction strategy aims to systematically unwind the
individual segment portfolios in a way that preserves value and

minimises risk. The objective over time is to release capital by

running down assets and make it available to higher-yielding,
lower-risk areas of the Group, thus strengthening Commerzbank’s
capital position and opening up new growth prospects for the Core
Bank.

Performance
Table 13
€m 2013 Change in
%/%-points
Income before provisions 182 359 -49.3
Loan loss provisions -654 — 1,082 -39.6
Operating expenses 314 350 -10.3
Operating profit/loss -786 -1,073 -26.7
Capital employed 7,606 9,488 -19.8
Operating return on equity (%) - 10.3 -11.3 1.0
Cost/income ratio in operating business (%) 172.5 97.5 75.0

NCA further improved its operating performance in 2014, but still
posted a loss of €-786m. The operating loss in 2013 was
€-1,073m.

NCA once again managed to substantially reduce assets and
risk in all of the segment’s main divisions. The portfolio reduction
was made easier by relatively favourable overall conditions, such
as falling risk premiums on bonds in our public finance portfolio
and continued strong investor demand for international
commercial real estate, which made several large-volume portfolio
transactions possible. The situation remains tough in the shipping
market, however, with no signs of a sustained market recovery as
yet. The €32bn reduction in the portfolio to €84bn at year-end
(exposure at default, including non-performing loans) once again
exceeded our ambitious targets for the NCA segment. Income
before loan loss provisions fell by 49.3% to €182m, compared
with €359m in 2013. The collapse in net interest income, which
fell by 97.5% to €13m, was the result of the ongoing portfolio
reduction and a one-time effect largely caused by the sale of all
operating CRE activities in Spain and Japan. No new business is
being written, so net commission income fell by 52.5% to €28m.
Net trading income is volatile and largely affected by the
measurement of derivatives under IAS 39 and counterparty risk;

this moved from €-53m in the previous year to a positive

contribution of €215m in 2014. Lower losses on disposal
resulted in higher net investment income of €-81m, compared
with €-164m in 2013.

Loan loss provisions were down 39.6% to €-654m. The clear
improvement was helped by write-ups related to sales of
commercial real estate portfolios. Loan loss provisions remained
high overall, however, especially in ship financing.

Operating expenses fell 10.3% to €314m. This was mainly due
to lower staff costs, but other operating expenses also declined.

The €-61m restructuring provision for the year relates to
further targeted cost savings at subsidiary Hypothekenbank
Frankfurt and the full winding up of HF.

Our successful reduction measures enabled us to free up a total
of €776m in capital in 2014. This includes an opposing one-off
effect of €-756m from the first-time application of Basel 3 in 2014.
The capital released therefore almost completely offset the
operating loss of €-786m. Pre-tax earnings remained negative at
€-847m, but were much improved on last year’s loss of €-1,073m.

The operating return on equity based on average capital
employed of €7.6bn was -10.3%, compared with —-11.3% in the

previous year.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance
90 Non-Core Assets

94 Our employees

97 Report on events after the rer
98 Outlook and opportunities

Main developments in 2014

Reduction strategy continued

The aim is to fully wind down all the assets grouped in this
segment in a way that preserves value. A comprehensive
management plan has been put in place that provides for
reduction of all NCA portfolios at the individual asset level.

The focus is on reducing exposure at default (EaD) including
non-performing loans (NPL). EaD guidelines have been set up for
this purpose. One key management element of the portfolio
reduction is the risk matrix. This is the main management tool and
determines that priority will be given to reducing assets that are
riskier in terms of EaD and RWA.

The management of NCA also have an efficient toolkit for
reducing the portfolio. These include active restructuring and
making use of market opportunities. Increased access to investors
and capital markets in recent years has made it possible to reduce
assets in a selective manner by selling sub-portfolios, thereby
freeing up capital without hurting profits. One example of this is the

disposal of the entire commercial real estate portfolio in Spain and

Japan in July 2014, which saw a full operating withdrawal from these
markets. The transactions, which included the sale of a non-
performing loan portfolio in Portugal, involved some €5.1bn of loans
and associated derivatives.

The value-preserving portfolio reduction in 2014 is reflected in
the 28% fall in EaD (including NPLs) year-on-year in the NCA
segment to €84bn. The internal transfer of a large portfolio of
liquid public finance assets worth some €12bn to Group Treasury
contributed to this further sharp decline. NCA has thus achieved
and in fact exceeded the EaD target of €93bn initially set for the
end of 2016 two years ahead of schedule. Risk-weighted assets
(RWA) fell by €9bn year-on-year to €45bn. Since mid-2012 the
NCA portfolio has halved from €167bn to €84bn. From the high
point in 2008, the reduction is more than €200bn or 70%.

The secured funding for NCA’s activities derives in particular
from mortgage and public-sector Pfandbriefe, lettres de gage
publiques and ship Pfandbriefe. Repo transactions also play a role in
refinancing the portfolio. Optimising the refinancing structure -
through active cover pool management, for example — is an

important component of the reduction strategy.

ting perioc

port

The NCA segment still has sufficient numbers of highly
qualified staff with many years of experience in the different asset
classes. The operating stability of the units within the NCA

segment remains assured.

Commercial Real Estate

The reduction of the commercial real estate financing portfolio
continues apace. In 2014, the total CRE volume (EaD, including
NPLs) declined by €15.6bn or 44% to €20.0bn. In CRE Germany,
which holds around 61% of the total exposure, EaD declined by
about a third to €12.2bn. In CRE International, which accounts for
around 39% of the portfolio, EaD fell by an above-average 57%
over the course of the year to €7.8bn, partly as a result of large
transactions. Through active management we were able to sell
commercial real estate financing portfolios in Spain, Japan and
Portugal and a host of smaller positions. The breakdown of the
overall portfolio by type of use is as follows: the main components
of the exposure are the sub-portfolios office (€5.5bn), retail
(€7.4bn) and residential real estate (€1.9bn).

Deutsche Schiffsbank

Deutsche Schiffsbank AG (DSB), which had previously been a
100% subsidiary of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, merged
with Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft in May 2012. The previous
business area Ship Finance was renamed Deutsche Schiffsbank
(DSB) as part of this process. In 2012 Commerzbank also decided
to transfer the ship financing portfolio to the NCA segment and
wind it down over time in a way that preserves value.

In 2014 the volume of the portfolio (EaD including NPLs) was
reduced by €2.3bn from €14.4bn to €12.1bn. This 16% cut in the
portfolio, which is mainly denominated in US dollars, was partially
offset by the depreciation of the euro over the year, especially
against the greenback. At constant exchange rates the portfolio
reduction would have been €1.2bn greater. This was again the
result of a portfolio transaction, along with a great deal of active
encouragement from us to repay individual loans. The sale of nine
smaller container ships in August 2014 led to the repayment of
Commerzbank financing worth some €160m, all of which had

been classified as non-performing.

91

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

92

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

One of the factors on which the future speed of portfolio
reduction will depend is the performance of the shipping markets,
the general condition of which did not significantly improve in
2014 after the preceding years of crisis.

The portfolio is divided principally between three standard
types of ship, namely containers (€4.4bn), tankers (€3.3bn) and
bulkers (€2.3bn). The rest of the portfolio (€2.1bn) consists of
various special tonnages which are well diversified across the

various ship segments.

Public Finance

Public Finance business mainly involves funding sovereign states,
federal states, municipalities and other public-sector bodies as
well as supranational institutions.

In the year under review we continued on the reduction course
we have pursued since autumn 2010. Maturities combined with
active sales and a large internal transfer of liquid assets to Group
Treasury cut EaD by €14bn over the year to €52bn. The main
public finance exposure is in Germany and the rest of western
Europe. The Public Finance portfolio in the NCA segment also
includes claims on banks (€8.6bn EaD), where the focus is again
on Germany and the rest of western Europe (86%). Most of the
bank portfolio comprises securities and loans which to a large
extent are covered by guarantee/maintenance obligations or other

public guarantees, or were issued in the form of covered bonds.

Outlook for Non-Core Assets

The reduction strategy in the NCA segment will be rigorously

pursued in the coming years. Conditions will be affected by both

tighter regulation and the economic environment. The aim of the
value-preserving reduction strategy is to make use of opportunities
to sell assets or portfolios where it is economically sensible to do
so. A further key criterion for sales of assets and portfolios is the
risk reduction the transaction involves. Reduction planning for the
CRE and DSB portfolio is regularly updated for all significant single
assets in Germany and abroad. By 2016 NCA plans to further
substantially cut back the commercial real estate financing and
Deutsche Schiffsbank portfolios to a total of €20bn. The winding up
process at HF will also continue.

The vast majority of real estate markets where Commerzbank
still holds commercial real estate portfolios continue to profit from
extremely low interest rates and the associated strong demand for
properties that offer a relatively high yield. The underlying
economic trend remains restrained, however, meaning that the
sluggish recovery on the CRE rental markets is likely to continue.
The markets for container ships, bulkers and tankers are still
plagued by overcapacity, as seen in very low charter rates. As a
result, some of the loans for ships affected by the crisis can no
longer be serviced as contractually agreed. No substantial change
is currently in sight, so a lasting recovery in the shipping market in
2015 is unlikely.

The future performance of the Public Finance portfolio is
dependent on how the sovereign debt crisis and the related political
decisions in Europe develop. The Public Finance division will
therefore continue to seek out and make use of opportunities that
arise to reduce the portfolio in a risk-focused manner without
hurting profits. We are expecting Public Finance to make a further
loss in 2015.

Overall the NCA segment is expecting to make an operating
loss again in 2015, albeit a smaller one than in the year under

review.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group

62 Economic report

71 Segment performance
93 Others and Consolidation

94 Our employees

97 Report on events after the reporting period

98 Outlook and opportunities report

Others and Consolidation

The Others and Consolidation segment contains the income and
expenses which are not attributable to the business segments.
Reporting for this segment under “Others” comprises equity
participations that are not assigned to business segments,
overarching Group matters such as costs for Group-wide projects,
effects resulting from the purchase price allocation in connection
with the Dresdner Bank takeover, specific individual matters that
cannot be allocated to the segments, and Group Treasury. The
costs of the service units, which — except for restructuring costs —
are mainly charged to the segments, are also shown here.
Consolidation includes income and expense items that represent
the reconciliation of internal management reporting figures shown

in segment reporting with the Group financial statements in

accordance with IFRS. Also shown here are the costs of the Group
management units, which — except for restructuring costs — are
also mainly charged to the segments.

The segment recorded an operating loss of €-1,206m in 2014
compared with €-567m in the previous year. This decrease of
€639m was due to the performance of Group Treasury, which was
unable to repeat the very good result achieved in the previous
year, and also to overarching Group matters and one-off effects.
These include the positive effect of the first-time application of the
CVA/DVA concept in the first half of the previous year and
signifiicantly higher net new provisions when compared to the
previous year in respect of litigation risks. Others and
Consolidation recorded a pre-tax loss of €-1,206m for 2014,
compared with a loss of €-1,060m in 2013. The prior-year result

included restructuring expenses of €493m.

93

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

94

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Our employees

Our employees are a decisive factor in our success. In the
branches they advise our customers, assist them in _ their
transactions with a full service and innovative products, and
ensure that business runs professionally and smoothly. To achieve
this and guarantee Commerzbank’s long-term economic success
we need employees who are motivated, suitably qualified and

work where they can best deploy their talents. The banking

Table 14

Actual number employed
Total staff Group

industry is constantly changing, and our HR approach creates an
environment in which people are able to develop and gain the
qualifications this requires — and also stay on top professional form
over the long run. This goes hand in hand with a corporate culture
that promotes fair and competent interactions with colleagues, our

customers, investors and business partners.

31122014 31.12.2013

52,103 52,944

Total staff parent bank

38,196 39,579

At year-end 2014, the Commerzbank Group employed 52,103
members of staff. This was a decrease of 841 employees compared

with year-end 2013. The number of full-time equivalents was

Table 15

Full-time personnel

46,294, compared with 47,375 in the previous year. The following

table shows full-time employees at year-end by segment:

31.12.2014 31.12.2018

Private Customers 15,525 16,569
Mittelstandsbank 5,487 5,424
Central & Eastern Europe 6,328 6,085
Corporates & Markets 1,896 1,923
Non-Core Assets 476 587
Others and Consolidation 16,582 16,787
Group total 46,294 47,375

Most employees in the Commerzbank Group (76%) work in
Germany. Their average length of service with Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft (Germany) is around 18 years; 24.3% have
worked for the Bank for up to 9 years, 30.1% for between 10 and
19 years, and 45.6% for 20 years or more. The employee turnover
rate in 2014 was 4.8%, compared to 4.3% in 2013.

Uniform standards for employee training and
development

During the year under review we focused our efforts on employee
training and development, with a view to reinforcing the technical
and personal skills of our staff. By launching the Commerzbank
Academy in 2013 we grouped together all our offerings for
systematic and forward-looking lifelong learning. The Competence
Dialogue introduced this year is another important step in setting

uniform Bank-wide standards for training and development.

The process requires employees to assess their own technical
and personal skills. Managers also appraise the skills of their
employees, creating the basis for a regular skills dialogue and
enabling every employee to boost their professional fitness as
required. Employees can also actively shape their professional

future with their line manager.

Professional career track opens up horizons for
specialists

The launch of the professional career track in 2013 emphasised
the importance of our 30,000 or so specialists for the success of
the Bank. It completes our career track model and gives staff the
ability to extend their own skills In April 2014 we also set up the
Commerzbank Expert Programme (CEP), giving our specialists
access to systematic training. This cross-divisional training
programme fills the gap between management and _ project
management training and gives specialists the opportunity to

extend and add to their personal skills.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
62 Economi
71 Segment performance

94 Our employees
97 Report on events after the
98 Outlook and opportunitie

Customised management development and
promotion

Promoting women to management positions remains high on our
agenda. There has been a steady increase at management levels
two to four since 2010, with 30% of managers set to be female by
the end of 2015. Measures to encourage this, both for new recruits
and for women who already work for the Bank, have been further
extended. For example, over 600 female Commerzbank managers
have taken part in the internal mentoring programme. We also
launched a six-month training programme aimed specifically at
level three and four managers in our international locations in
September 2014. The International Management Programme
(IMP) aims to provide participants with focused support in
carrying out their management duties. The programme covers
management methods and tools for leadership. These classroom
sessions are held in London, New York, Singapore and Frankfurt

for local participants.

Staff-oriented corporate leadership

Employees value the fact that these opportunities open up new
horizons to the people at our Bank, making them more competitive
and helping their careers. This can be seen in the Commerzbank
Monitor, which regularly analyses the views of our employees in
Germany and abroad on an anonymised online basis. The
employee survey conducted in autumn 2014 showed significant
improvements compared to 2011, and not just in areas relating to
professional development. Employee commitment also shot up by
73 index points. This puts us four index points above the most
recent benchmark for the financial services industry calculated by
GfK Trustmark in 2012. Our staff gave us top marks for culture and
cooperation. Compared to other financial services companies,
Commerzbank is now at or above the benchmark in nearly all
individual areas. The results on leadership quality showed a
double-digit rise from 2011 and are now very good. The brand
values of fairness and competence enjoy high acceptance across
the Bank. Compared to 2011, even more employees are proud to
work for Commerzbank. All segments and board areas scored
better than three years ago. The biggest rise was in Private
Customers, where the growth rate was in double digits across all
areas examined. The next comprehensive employee survey is
scheduled for 2016.

ting perioc

t

We also count on our employees’ involvement in the company’s
operations with regard to our ideas management platform. The
platform, which has won numerous awards, ensures that our
procedures are optimised and creates a high level of transparency.
This is made possible by WiklIdee, an online platform where all
employees are able to submit suggestions and join in discussions.

Over 3,000 ideas were submitted last year.

Added-value HR tools

The positive feedback from our employees is also the result of an
HR approach that focuses on people and develops effective tools
to provide strategic assistance both to the divisions and to the
Bank as a whole. We continued the strategic human resources
planning pilot project in the year under review. The aim is to
introduce medium and long-term HR management in the sales and
service units. The development of each division is simulated via a
structured comparison of current and required headcount in order
to identify the strategically relevant areas that HR needs to
concentrate on. This makes it possible to spot staff shortages and
take countermeasures in good time.

HR tools that employees feel provide genuine added value
include opportunities such as sabbaticals. In the year under review
we concluded a works agreement that allows time to be “saved”
and used for extended career breaks. This is implemented via a
special part-time working agreement that can be tailored to
individual requirements. The sabbatical works agreement sends
out a signal among German companies that young talents and
employees in special situations particularly appreciate.

We are also at the cutting edge when it comes to part-time
working models. Commerzbank offers employees various models
and options, such as limited-period “trial part-time working” and
job sharing. This is where one position is divided between two
part-time workers. These offers are making good headway, and

around 25.5% of our employees now work part-time.

Mammoth undertaking: restructuring the
private customer business

Flexible working models are just one example of our needs-
oriented HR approach. Another is acting as a competent strategic
partner in restructurings. Last year saw permanent changes in the

private customer business.

95

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

96

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Primarily this involved cutting some 1,800 jobs and setting up a
new advisory model with new functions for our customers. By 1
April 2014, a total of 12,000 employees had been allocated to their
function or transferred, with 2,230 changing their place of work.
This was the biggest HR challenge we have had to deal with since

the Dresdner Bank integration.

Networks reflect diversity

Because we have such a wide range of people in our Bank, we
have concentrated our HR work on global diversity management.
For many years we have been making it easier for our staff to
combine work and family life. We offer pioneering childcare and
full support for those caring for relatives. This is based on our
innovative care works agreement for the head office, which has
been extended to run indefinitely.

The employee networks that made presentations at the second
Diversity Day held at head office in June are firmly established.
Around 1,000 employees belong to Arco (LGBT), Courage (women),
Focus Fathers, Horizon (burn-out), Kulturwerk, Cross Culture
(intercultural) and Network Care. These networks run their own
events and projects to raise awareness of their existence and what
they do. Commerzbank has launched a company-wide Fathers
Network in Frankfurt, Berlin and Hamburg, which stages talks,

workshops and father and child weekends.

High standards in healthcare management

The healthcare management system was again certified by TUV-
Siid in the year under review. This underlines our systematic and
sustainable approach to keeping our employees healthy. Focus
issues include stress management, mobility, preventing addiction
and nutrition. Programmes such as “Cycling to work”, which has
been running for over ten years, also contribute to this. This year
we took part for the first time in the Global Corporate Challenge, a
programme in which participants had a common goal of walking
at least 10,000 steps on 100 days. Voluntary commitment to
company sports activities also helps keep people healthy. In 2014
Commerzbank had 164 company sports groups in Germany, with
16,472 members. Staff and their families have access to the
nationwide Employee Assistance Programme (EAP), which was
again popular in 2014. The programme provides specialists who
advise and support our staff and managers in difficult professional
and private situations and arrange help for them where necessary.

Under the terms of our works agreement on conducting risk

assessments, we run regular surveys and implement corresponding

follow-up measures.

Good take-up of additional offers for employees

Commerzbank offers its employees a wide range of additional
company services. These include pension provision, employee
recognition, mobility, technology and risk insurance. For example,
we lease high-value IT equipment for private use at attractive rates.
Two years after it was first launched, this is still an innovation in
the banking sector. Since the start of 2014 we have also provided
bicycles, pedelecs and electric bikes nationwide through the

“BikeLease” model.

Successfully rising to training challenges

The re-orientation of our banking business poses new and
different challenges for school students wishing to do a banking
apprenticeship. Workshops across the Bank looked at the skills
applicants need to be able to offer if they want to complete an
apprenticeship or vocational training course at the Bank. Working
with trainees, specialists and managers, we have defined an up-to-
date and forward-looking profile of requirements for each
professional apprenticeship on offer at Commerzbank. As a result,
we have been using a multi-stage selection procedure for initial
training since the summer. From the outset, therefore, we are
laying the foundations for a successful start to working life,

ensuring that the Bank has a healthy pipeline of future managers.

Remuneration

As a result of the increased significance arising from greater
regulation, employee remuneration is disclosed in a separate
report. This is published annually on the Commerzbank website at

www.commerzbank.de.

Thanks to our employees

We would like to thank our employees at all levels and in all
functions for their remarkable commitment and performance.
Their trusting and constructive collaboration contributed to the

success of our HR work in 2014.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility

nomic

71 Segment p

94 Our emplo

Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

of the Commerzbank Group

‘ormance

97 Report on events after the reporting period

98 Outlook and opportunities report

Report on events after the reporting

period

Changes to the sales structure in the Private
Customers and Mittelstandsbank segments

In mid-January 2015 Commerzbank announced plans to realign its
sales structure in the core Private Customers and Mittelstandsbank
segments over the course of the year. New growth initiatives
should help the Bank move further along its chosen path.

In the Mittelstandsbank segment we will therefore continue to
implement our strategy rigorously. We are investing in the quality
of our advice and services, optimising our operating and sales
processes and sharpening the profile of Mittelstandsbank among
customers and the market. This will make the segment fit for
future success in a changing environment for corporate business.
Optimising the sales and head office structure in Germany is a key
element of this and represents the first step in refocusing
Mittelstandsbank on the customer. We want to meet the needs of
our customers in an even more rapid and focused manner with
simpler, direct structures.

The same applies to the planned new sales structure in the
Private Customers segment. Here we are modernising the
business with a mix of powerful multi-channel banking services
and personal advice that will continue to be provided in-branch,
especially in the case of complex issues such as investments,
pensions and retail mortgage financing. We want to win
customers across all channels in future, both online and in our
branches. The business will become more tightly focused, with
the aim of becoming our business customers’ principal bank and
gaining new market share. We also want to strengthen our
position in wealth management using the good market position
enjoyed by Mittelstandsbank.

The planned changes are still subject to approval by the

employee representatives.

Further development of the customer-focused
business model in the Corporates & Markets
segment

Also in mid-January, the Corporates & Markets segment presented
plans to roll out a new centre of competence model to bring
together product and market expertise in the different locations.
The aim is to generate synergies by industrialising production
processes internally. Front and back office units will be allocated to
Frankfurt for standardised trading solutions and to London for
complex structured trading solutions. Subject to negotiations with

employee representatives, the intention is to shift jobs from London

to Frankfurt. Our customers will still be able to access all products

and services from all locations.

Restructuring in Group Finance

At the start of February Commerzbank announced that as part of
the regular review of its business processes it had decided to
restructure the Group Finance division, which is the central
managing and reporting unit for accounting, controlling,
regulation and tax. In an environment of increasing regulation, the
aim is to bundle tasks more closely together so they can be
completed more cost-effectively. The Group Finance locations in
Berlin and Duisburg will be closed by the end of 2017 and their
responsibilities reallocated within the Group. Jobs will also be cut
at the head office in Frankfurt. This will take place in several

stages and is due to be completed by the end of 2018.

Ruling of the Federal Labour Court
(Bundesarbeitsgericht) concerning the
adjustment test in relation to occupational
pension funds

In the middle of February, the Federal Labor Court published a
ruling concerning the adjustment test in relation to indirect
company pension payments. Commerzbank is presently evaluating
the impact on the financial and personnel policy of the Bank.
Commerzbank was not a party to the proceedings. Even so an
impact of the Supreme Court Ruling on the indirect pension
commitments made via the BVV_ Versicherungsverein des
Bankgewerbes a.G. is possible, because contrary to the legal
interpretation so far, an adjustment has to be made in principle
also by occupational pension funds. A reliable estimate of the

related contingent liability is not possible at present.

Moratorium on payments in relation to the
liabilities of HETA ASSET RESOLUTION AG
(HETA)

On 1 March 2015 the Austrian Financial Markets Authority (FMA)

stated that no further capital- or liquidity measures would be taken

in relation to HETA further to the Financial Market Stability Act.
The trigger is the result of an asset test and asset valuation with

the proviso that a sale of assets can be realised in the larger part

97

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

98

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

within 2 or 3 years. The result was communicated to the FMA at
the end of February 2015. The result signifies that the equity
capital of HETA will presumably not suffice to cover the losses and
that herewith the obligations to creditors can no longer be met in
full. In applying the BaSAG (Austrian Bank Restructuring Act), the
FMA has therefore put HETA under its control and imposed a
payment moratorium. Further to this, payments due until 31 May
2016 on securities issued by HETA, have been suspended.

The exposure of the Commerzbank Group to HETA consists

primarily of securities reported on the balance sheet at amortised

cost, for which the Bundesland Karnten has issued a fallback
guarantee. The nominal values and amortised cost amount to
around €0.4bn.

At the beginning of March 2015, prices for the securities in the
market were quoted at between 40% and 50%. Commerzbank is

presently evaluating its commercial and legal options.

There have been no other events of particular significance since
the end of 2014.

Outlook and opportunities report

Future economic situation

Global economic growth is unlikely to be much faster in 2015 than
it was in 2014. The biggest risks are expected to come from
emerging markets. In China, real estate prices and borrowing have
shot up in recent years, but the state has sufficient means to
cushion the impact of the excesses. While this should prevent a
collapse in economic growth, it will also support “lame”
companies, which is likely to affect economic momentum in the
years to come. We expect economic growth to slow from 7.4% to
6.5% in 2015.

The USA should see further decent growth of around 3.2% in
2015. No new spending cuts or tax hikes are planned that might
hurt growth as they did in 2013. The US economy also profits from
falling oil prices. Unemployment is likely to fall further, while
wage growth should gradually accelerate. This will probably be a
signal for the Federal Reserve to start normalising monetary
policy, most likely by starting to raise its benchmark rate in stages
in the second half of the year. We expect the Fed Funds rate to
reach 1.0% by the end of the year.

Table 16
Real gross domestic product — Change from previous year 2014 2015! 2016'
USA 2.4% 3.2% 2.8%
Eurozone 0.8% 1.1% 1.2%
Germany 1.5% 1.5% 1.7%
Central and Eastern Europe 1.9% 0.2% 2.8%
Poland 3.3% 3.5% 3.5%

1 The figures for 2015 and 2016 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

Unlike the USA, the eurozone economy is likely to still see only a
slow recovery. Real GDP growth is projected to be 1.1% in 2015,
which is below average. While the huge fall in oil prices and the
weaker euro will support the economy, the ongoing real estate
excesses in some countries and the unresolved structural
problems, especially in France and Italy, will continue to hold back

growth.

The German economy is likely to once again outperform the
eurozone as a whole in 2015. The marked depreciation of the euro
improves the price competitiveness of German companies and
boosts margins for foreign business. With demand from emerging
markets unlikely to return to anywhere near former growth rates
and the economies in the other eurozone countries continuing to
stutter, German growth in 2015 will probably not exceed the 1.5%
seen in 2014.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
57 Ba of the Commerzbank Group
62 Economi ort
71 Segment performance
94 Our employ
97 Report on events after the reporting perioc

98 Outlook and opportunities report

The weak eurozone recovery and in particular the rate of
inflation which turned negative at the end of 2014 may encourage
the European Central Bank to further increase the scale of its bond
purchase programme during the course of 2015.

The divergence in monetary policy between the USA and the

eurozone suggests that the euro/US dollar exchange rate will come

Table 17

Exchange rates

under further pressure. Yields on 10-year Bunds should rise slightly
in the second half of the year as the Fed Funds rate increases, but
this change in direction by the Fed is likely to hurt equity
performance. Overall, though, German and European stocks should
benefit from the fact that the ECB’s zero interest rate policy

continues to drive investors into riskier assets.

31.12.2014 31.12.2015' 31.12.2016!

Euro/US-dollar 1.21 1.04 0.99
Euro/Sterling 0.78 0.71 0.69
Euro/Zloty 4.27 4.30 4.20

' The figures for 2015 and 2016 are all Commerzbank forecasts.

Future situation in the banking
sector

Our views regarding the expected development of the banking
sector over the medium term have not changed since the
statements published in the Interim Report as at 30 September
2014.

After brightening considerably in the previous year, the
banking environment on the capital markets and in the real
economy remained surprisingly robust on the whole in 2014. The
basic economic tempo has slowed considerably, however, due not
least to global geopolitical tensions, with even the German
economy temporarily shifting onto a noticeably flatter growth
trajectory in the middle of the year. Despite trending sideways over
the summer, most major asset classes and financial markets ended
the year with a gain (considerable gains in some cases), although
volatility has to some extent picked up since the middle of the year.
There was appreciable growth in acquisition and IPO business,
while the number of corporate insolvencies in Germany fell to its
lowest level since 1999. It is still too soon to sound the all-clear,
however, since the euro crisis — with its complex interplay
between government debt and financial and structural factors — is
not so easily overcome. The recent political crisis in Greece has
shown that uncertainty and volatility may increase again even if
the stability of the system itself is not in doubt. The weakness of
the eurozone recovery and the debt reduction required on the part
of governments, companies and private households continues to
weigh on the profitability of European banks.

The eurozone banking sector is in the middle of a long-term
structural transformation triggered by the crisis of the last few
years and more stringent regulatory requirements. The different
rules for capital, liquidity, derivatives and bank structures could
lead to further setbacks for global financial market integration.

The new, stricter regulatory framework based on rules rather

than principles leaves banks little time to adapt their business

models.

A now stronger capital base may in future be offset by
reductions in implicit government guarantees. The ECB’s Asset
Quality Review and the bank stress test reduced the potential for
major jitters in the banking environment, but a further reduction
in debt levels and an improvement in asset quality are still key
preconditions if the banking sector is to meet the tougher
requirements of banking supervisors and _ fulfil investor
expectations.

The pressure on the banking sector has strengthened as a
result of regulation, structural transformation and competition,
and this will be even more difficult to deal with because major
profit drivers of the past, such as high economic and lending
growth and a sharp decline in credit default rates, will be
significantly less evident. Corporate investment activity should
gradually boost the demand for loans in Germany this year after a
pause in the capex upturn in 2014, but increased use of internal
and alternative external funding sources is impeding a strong
revival in lending to corporate customers. The expected revival in

German foreign trade for full-year 2015 will surely be positive for

corporate customer business provided global trade does indeed
power ahead. Corporate insolvencies have been declining for five
years, but this trend is likely to stall in 2015, meaning that loan
loss provisions will no longer be so cushioned. In the private
customer business, the sustained preference for highly liquid
investments that pay little commission and an unwillingness to buy
securities directly mean net commission income will only see
slight growth, especially as the performance of the capital markets
may well be more modest in 2015 after six good years in a row.
Impulses for the sector are coming from employment, which is at
an all-time high, and the still good prospects for real estate
lending.

Historically low interest rates, which have fallen further since

2012, together with increasing price sensitivity on the part of

99

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

100

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

customers and tougher competition from online banks and

technology-driven players with banking licences, are a
fundamental hindrance to the expansion of earnings potential. Al
in all, eurozone banks will have rather limited scope for boosting
earnings in 2015.

The outlook for banking in our second core market, Poland,
remains better than in the eurozone. The Polish economy wil

again grow significantly faster than the EU in 2015, while the size

of the domestic market and the recovery of the labour marke

make the country an attractive place to invest and sell goods.

In general, the financial crisis will continue to leave its mark in

the shape of growth curbed by deleveraging, still relatively low

interest rates, spreads that have recently tightened again,

moderate growth in lending, and caution and a preference for cash
among customers. Against this background, competition in the

national banking market will intensify further, particularly as

regards internationally active corporate customers and German
SMEs. For the time being, however, there will be no change in
Germany’s market structure, which is fragmented and in some

cases also suffers from overcapacity.

Figure 5

Financial outlook for the
Commerzbank Group,

Planned financing measures

Commerzbank forecasts a low capital market funding requiremen
over the coming years. The Bank is able to issue mortgage
Pfandbriefe, public-sector Pfandbriefe and structured covered
bonds secured by SME loans. These secured funding instruments
in particular give us stable access to long-term funding with cos
advantages compared to unsecured sources of funding. Such

issues are a key element of Commerzbank’s funding mix.

Commerzbank also intends to launch unsecured capital marke
issues in the future, mainly private placements to meet demand
from customers, and where necessary to further diversify the

Bank’s funding base.

Group maturity profile of capital market issues as at 31 Dezember 2014
€bn

30
20
oe 7
go «6
||
0 T T T T T = T = = T —— =
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 >2025

I) Unsecured issues Secured issues

Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG was not active in the capital market
in the year under review due to the reduction strategy.

By regularly reviewing and adjusting the assumptions used for
liquidity management and the long-term funding requirement,
Commerzbank will continue to respond actively to changes in the
market environment and business performance in order to secure
a comfortable liquidity cushion and an appropriate funding

structure.

Planned investments

Commerzbank invested a total of around €700m in growth
initiatives in the Core Bank in 2014, in the Private Customers,
Corporates & Markets and Central & Eastern Europe segments.

Some €1.3bn has been invested since 2013.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
57 Ba of the Commerzbank Group
62 Economi ort
71 Segment performance
94 Our employ
97 Report on events after the reporting perioc

98 Outlook and opportunities report

Commerzbank will again be investing in the selected growth
path in 2015 and 2016. The Bank is targeting focused growth by
adapting the business model to the new environment in the
financial sector and investing a total of over €2.0bn in the
earnings power of the core business.

Along with targeting growth the Bank will also pursue strict cost

discipline, with the aim of keeping operating expenses stable up to

2016 despite the investments in the core business and anticipated
increases in salary and other operating costs.

In the Private Customers segment the focus in 2014 continued
to be on reorienting the business model towards the new strategy
Investments mainly went into sharpening the brand profile and
marketing new product and service offerings such as premium
payments and investment products and new accounts for business
customers. Advisory and service quality was enhanced by
investing in broader and better availability and refining the
Customer Compass. A huge amount was also invested in
modernising online and mobile digital channels, e.g. the new
private customer portal, the mortgage bank platform and the new
tablet and account balance apps. The segment is also developing
pioneering branch models and has already started piloting
flagship and city branches in Berlin and Stuttgart. The aim of
these measures is to further boost quality and growth and
sustainably improve segment profitability. By 2016 the private
customer business will have been converted to a multi-channel
bank which combines modern technologies with values such as
fairness and competence. In total, the segment will invest around
€1bn in its platforms, its product and service offering, the advisory
process and employee training. Around half of this had already
been spent between the start of 2013 and the reporting date.

The Mittelstandsbank invested in its existing strategic areas in
2014: = quality
Commerzbank has added five locations to

leadership, IT and _internationalisation.
its presence in
Switzerland, laying the foundations for future growth. Expanding
local corporate business with Swiss companies is a major building
block for the growth planned. To ensure quality leadership we will
continuously improve advisory quality, solutions and services in

2015 in order to further consolidate our current position as a

leading bank for corporates. Investment continues to focus heavily
on modernising the IT platform, particularly improving and

optimising online portals and payment transactions.

We feel it is essential for a modern corporate customer bank to

expand innovative multi-channel banking and offer customers a

range of opportunities for online interaction. In the
internationalisation strategic area we will continue to expand our
international presence, which consists of branches with

corresponding connectivity potential, representative offices and
bank partnerships. A subsidiary in Sao Paulo (Brazil) and two
representative offices in Baghdad (Iraq) and Abidjan (Céte
d'Ivoire) are scheduled to open in 2015.

The Corporates & Markets segment launched a four-year cost-
cutting campaign in 2012, and as planned this again delivered
savings in 2014. Operating expenses were therefore stable,
the

extending/increasing the efficiency of the IT landscape remains a

despite investments. In product areas, further
key investment focus, in order to steadily boost Commerzbank’s
attractiveness as a trading partner for our customers. The Equity
Markets & Commodities Group division is investing in improving
customer platforms and further optimising downstream trading
In the the ‘Fixed

Income & Currencies Group division invested in the platform for

processes. year under review
the market services offering that has already proven popular with
customers. The focus is on client clearing, custody and collateral
services. We are also concentrating on electronic trading platforms
for trading interest rates, bonds and currencies, seeking to
improve and enhance customer functionality. The Credit Portfolio
Management Group division will continue to invest in expanding
its trading systems.

In the Central & Eastern Europe segment, Commerzbank will
place particular emphasis on the organic growth of mBank. In the
private customer business the main focus is still on continuing to
invest in modern technologies for customer-oriented transaction
solutions. Corresponding implementation measures were
implemented in 2012 and the new mBank internet platform
launched in 2013; these measures will be further developed over
the next few years. The main focus of investment is the targeted
acquisition of new customers and the expansion of cross-selling
activities. For example, mBank has entered into a strategic
partnership with Poland’s leading telecommunications provider,
Orange Polska. The corporate customer business is being even
more tightly focused on the Mittelstand by improving the

organisational integration with investment banking.

101

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

102

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Moreover, as part of the One Bank strategy, once all customer-
related activities have been grouped together under the mBank
brand, the branch network will gradually be made available to all
customer groups. Some €85m was invested in 2014.

Commerzbank will also continue with the strategic investment
projects it has already started:

Work will

Architecture (GFA) programme to redesign the process and system

continue as planned on the Group Finance
architecture of the Commerzbank Group finance function. The main
thrust of the programme includes developing a multi-GAAP solution,
integrating financial accounting and management accounting with
the aim of achieving significantly faster processes, and improving
the analysis options. Development of the accounting and controlling
functions at Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft Germany was
completed on schedule and approved for parallel operation at the
end of 2014. Further projects are planned to complete the target
architecture.

As a result of increasingly stringent regulatory requirements,
Commerzbank will continue to have to make substantial
investments in order to comply with national and international
standards. Complex transition arrangements and new
comprehensive reporting requirements (COREP, FINREP, Pillar 3
disclosure, IFRS 9) will increase the cost of evaluating information
and reporting it to the banking authorities. In the areas of market
risk and counterparty risk management, internal models and
processes are constantly having to be adjusted to take account of

changes in the capital markets or in supervisory law.

Anticipated liquidity trends

In the period under review the eurozone money and capital
markets were characterised by the monetary policy measures
implemented by the ECB to support the economic recovery in the
eurozone. Following another ECB rate cut in September 2014, the
main refinancing rate is now 0.05% and the deposit facility rate
—0.20%. The ECB also agreed further targeted longer-term
refinancing operations (TLTROs) and announced a programme to
purchase asset-backed securities (ABS) and covered bonds. The
initial further decline in liquidity due to the ongoing repayment of
the existing three-year tenders (LTROs) by the banks was largely
offset by the first TLTRO in September 2014, although the banks
made much less use of this TLTRO than forecast by the market.

The second TLTRO was allocated in December 2014 and the
money market now has sufficient liquidity, although the ongoing
repayment of LTROs is giving rise to a degree of uncertainty about
the trend for liquidity going forward. An additional positive for the
liquidity situation is the steady purchase of asset-backed securities
and covered bonds by the ECB. The announcement of the
government bond purchase programme should further increase
the excess liquidity in the market.

Money market rates are largely fluctuating within the corridor
set by the ECB between the deposit facility rate and the main
refinancing rate. As this corridor is so tight the money market is
displaying little volatility and is mostly slightly in negative
territory, especially at the short end. For the first quarter of 2015
we assume money market rates will continue to move sideways at
a low level.

The large volume of government bonds from _ peripheral
countries has so far been funded without any problems. Combined
with investment pressure on the part of investors, the hunt for
yield and the latest ECB measures, this resulted in credit spreads
for GIIPS countries such as Italy and Spain continuing to tighten in
the fourth quarter of 2014.

Greece is not following this trend due to the unfavourable
political conditions. How credit spreads move in 2015 will mainly
be driven by the impact of further QE measures by the ECB. A new
government bond purchase programme would be particularly
significant. This would likely cause credit spreads to tighten
further, although it is not clear what maturity segments would be
targeted.

The implementation of additional regulations such as the
liquidity coverage ratio (LCR), the bank levy and the leverage ratio
will continue to impact market performance as market participants
bring their business models into line with them.

Commerzbank’s liquidity management is well prepared to cope
with changing market conditions and is set to respond promptly to
new market circumstances. The Bank has a comfortable liquidity
position which is well above internal limits as well as the currently
applicable requirements prescribed by the German Liquidity
Regulation and MaRisk.

The Bank holds a liquidity reserve portfolio to provide a

cushion against unexpected outflows of cash, made up of highly
liquid assets that can be discounted at central banks.

Our business planning is done such that a liquidity cushion can
be maintained commensurate with the prevailing market
conditions and related uncertainties. This is supported by the
Bank’s stable franchise in private and corporate customer business
and its continued access to secured and unsecured loans in the

money and capital markets.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
57 Basis of the Commerzbank Group
62 Economi
71 Segment performance
94 Our employ
97 Report on events after the reporting perioc

98 Outlook and opportunities report

Managing opportunities at
Commerzbank

Commerzbank is reacting to the ongoing challenging conditions
such as tougher regulation, low interest rates, changing customer
behaviour and new technology-driven players discussed in “Future
situation in the banking sector” by pursuing its growth path in the
Core Bank and strict cost management and continuing the
successful value preserving reduction strategy in the Non-Core
Assets segment. By consistently orienting its business model to
the needs of its customers and the real economy, the Bank should
be able to increase its profitability, even if the economy only grows
modestly. This should enable Commerzbank to reinforce its
position as a leading bank for private and corporate customers in
Germany and Poland, even though the environment remains
challenging.

Because the Bank is winding down non-strategic portfolios
while preserving value, and keeping costs steady, it can invest in
new products and services and further stabilise its earnings power.
The focus is on being a multi-channel bank with processes,
products and service offerings tailored to the needs of customers
and their traditional values. The Bank is also aiming to increase
market share by slashing bureaucracy, delegating responsibility to
the regions and streamlining management structures. The good
ECB’s

confirmation of resilience and stability in the stress test are

result in the comprehensive assessment and_ the

encouraging signs for the Bank’s strategic direction.

In the private customer business, it is reacting to the
persistently challenging conditions described above by building a
modern multi-channel bank with the emphasis on customer
satisfaction and developing its successful product offering, for
example in retail mortgage financing and securities business. The
Bank will seize the opportunities offered by digitisation to gain new
customers and modernise its organisation with faster
communication, shorter consultation paths and more responsibility
in local teams.

The Mittelstand business will maintain its successful business
model and invest in expanding its international presence, advisory
quality and services, with the aim of defending and reinforcing its
market leadership in the German Mittelstand with unparalleled
regional coverage. Flatter hierarchies and greater regional market
responsibility will make the Bank even more customer-focused,

efficient and responsive.

The Central & Eastern Europe business area will continue its
successful organic growth path and build on the proven universal
bank model. Having launched a modern online banking platform
and a new image, mBank is modernising its branch network to
focus rigorously on being close to customers.

In Corporates & Markets, the Bank has opportunities from the
expansion of its Group-wide investment banking model for Core

Bank customers and from closely interlinking its capital market

orientation and corporate customer relationship approach. It will

focus on core strengths and further optimise efficiency and

profitability.
The specific opportunities identified by the individual segments

are presented in the various “Segment performance” sections.

Anticipated performance of the
Commerzbank Group

The pleasing performance in 2014 is a sign that the strategic
reorientation of Commerzbank is on track to achieve sustainably
higher profitability by 2016 by developing the business model.
Although we expect conditions to remain challenging in 2015, a
combination of growth initiatives and sustained tight cost and risk
control should allow us to achieve further progress in 2015. This
year we are aiming to further boost business volumes in the Core
Bank and increase operating income in both the core segments
and the Group as a whole. The low (and now even lower) level of
interest rates and modest economic growth forecast for Germany
and Europe is likely to act as a drag for large parts of the year,
however, restricting the planned growth in customer business
volumes and the income base. The expected slight increase in
overall Group income is therefore mainly due to the improved
market position we have achieved in the core business, which we

feel is sustainable.

Anticipated performance of individual earnings
components

Net interest income in 2015 will largely be determined by the
extent to which the impact of extremely low interest rates and a
yield curve which grew flatter over time can be offset by rising

lending volumes and active countermeasures.

103

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

104

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

In the Core Bank, Commerzbank intends to exploit the
improved competitive position achieved last year in the private
and corporate customer business to gain more market share and
boost growth in retail mortgages and Mittelstand loans in
particular. Companies’ unwillingness to invest, which is reflected
in low demand for credit, should gradually lessen as the year
progresses. We will cut deposit funding costs again by adjusting
conditions, although there is less and less scope to do so. We
anticipate a decline in income from asset/liability management,
since many forms of liquidity are now paying negative interest
rates. We anticipate higher net interest income in the Non-Core
Assets segment despite the good progress made in reducing the
portfolio. Firstly, we are countering the decline in interest-bearing
assets by raising margins when loans are rolled over. Secondly,
liquidity costs are likely to fall as the pace of reduction slows
slightly and segment assets and liabilities follow a steadier path. A
non-recurring negative effect incurred last year in connection with
a portfolio transaction will also not be repeated. Overall, we expect
a slight rise in net interest income at Group level for the current
year.

We are targeting a slight increase in net commission income in
2015. Income in the private customer business is now increasingly
steady, and we expect further positive effects from our more
customer-focused advisory approach. If capital market volatility
remains as expected, the trend towards increased customer
activity in securities business should persist. We expect higher
commission income from Mittelstand customers, including in
foreign business and cash management, because of the strong
international market position. It is difficult to forecast net trading
income because of the unpredictability of developments on the
global financial markets. Especially in view of the sharp rise in
capital market volatility in the second half of 2014, however,
Commerzbank’s_ risk-oriented approach of deliberately not
engaging in proprietary trading activities should pay off.

We believe loan loss provisions in 2015 for the Group as a
whole will be in line with last year. We are expecting a
normalisation, i.e. higher loan loss provisions, in the Core Bank.
Although net releases of provisions as reported in the Corporates
& Markets segment in 2014 are unlikely to be repeated, provision
expense should remain relatively low in historic terms. The
improvement in the quality of the NCA portfolio and much smaller
holdings of commercial real estate and shipping financing should
permit a further significant reduction in loan loss provisions
compared with 2014. As was the case last year, most of the risk
cost relates to ship financing, where there is no sign as yet of a

broad-based and sustainable recovery in the difficult environment.

There will be no let-up in Commerzbank’s strict cost
management in 2015. This should enable us to compensate for
investments to increase future profitability and the rising costs
involved in implementing regulatory measures. All in all, operating
expenses (including the significantly higher burden anticipated
from the banking levy) should remain stable this year at around
€7.0bn.

At the tax line we anticipate a negative effect this year due to
plans announced in the UK to restrict the offsetting of tax loss

carryforwards against future profits.

Anticipated segment performance

All activities in the Core Bank are focused on constantly
developing the business model. In the NCA segment we want to
continue reducing the portfolio in line with our objectives in terms
of speed, risk reduction and operating income.

We reached a modernisation milestone in the private customer
business last year by achieving direct bank capability. We have a
competitive advantage on the road to becoming a genuine multi-

channel bank, one that, along with the recognised high quality of

our service and advice, we are keen to exploit to gain additional
market share among private and business customers. We wish to
continue our above-average growth in lending business by
focusing on real estate financing. We are aiming to grow our
income base through a combination of deeper penetration of
existing customers and growth in net new customers similar to the
level seen in 2014. We expect operating profit in the Private
Customers segment to rise again in 2015, but not by as much as in
2014. Operating return on equity should rise slightly year-on-year,
but as income is expected to rise the cost/income ratio should
decline sharply again.

Mittelstandsbank will also focus on business growth, primarily
by gaining new customers, particularly smaller SMEs. Given our
strong market position we also intend to further intensify our
close with customers,

relationships seeking growth in

international business in particular. In 2014, for instance,
Commerzbank significantly expanded corporate business with
Swiss companies by setting up local offices. Given the higher
income base, we anticipate we can increase operating profit
slightly year-on-year in 2015. Operating return on equity should
improve slightly this year, while the cost/income ratio should

stabilise at its current good level.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information
57 Ba of the Commerzbank Group
62 Economi ort
71 Segment performance
94 Our employ
97 Report on events after the reporting perioc

98 Outlook and opportunities report

In the Central & Eastern Europe segment we see further scope
for profitable growth in the medium term. In Poland, which is
delivering a better economic performance than Western Europe,
Commerzbank has the leading direct bank platform and an
attractive and still growing customer base thanks to its majority
stake in mBank. In our view, rising income from lending and
deposit business with corporate and private customers will make
up for a potential tightening of interest rate margins as the Polish
central bank continues to cut rates. The marked improvement in
the cost/income ratio last year will probably not be repeated and will
be slightly higher year-on-year due to planned greater investments
to strengthen and expand the market position. We therefore believe
that operating profit may decline slightly year-on-year, and this
will be reflected in a somewhat lower operating return on equity.

The comparatively large share of total income attributable to
volatile measurement effects and _ persistent, sometimes
unpredictable, regulatory trends makes forecasting the income of
the Corporates & Markets segment a relatively uncertain task. In
the absence of any unexpected major volatility on the capital
markets, however, we do not expect customer activity on the

primary and secondary markets to be materially different from last

year. Income from capital markets business should therefore also
be relatively stable compared with 2014. On the cost side, we
anticipate an impact from efficiency measures launched last year.
We expect a cost/income ratio on the level of 2014. After net
releases of loan loss provisions in 2014, we expect a return to net
additions this year. This normalisation of loan loss provisions is
the main reason why we expect operating income to fall slightly in
2015. The possibility that the segment will need more regulatory
capital cannot be ruled out, so the operating return on equity
could fall more sharply than the change in earnings.

Even though the reduction in interest-bearing assets has been
much faster than planned over the last two years, we still
anticipate a significant improvement in operating profit in the

Non-Core Assets segment this year. One reason for this is the

sharp improvement in portfolio quality, which we expect will result
in a further major reduction in loan loss provisions. Higher
margins on the existing portfolio are also likely to increase the

income base.

We will again cut operating expenses slightly. As part of the
value-preserving reduction strategy we expect further significant
progress in 2015 towards our objective of cutting the commercial
real estate and shipping financing portfolios to a total of some
€20bn by the end of 2016. This forecast does not include any large
portfolio transactions of the type seen in each of the past two
years. We are assuming that the speed of portfolio reduction will
slow overall in 2015, but we will not be relaxing our efforts to

continue to improve portfolio quality.

General statement on the outlook for the Group

The progress that has been made in the strategic reorientation of
the Commerzbank business model and the associated increased
resilience to the still very challenging overall conditions for
banking business is reflected in our forecast for the full year.

the

environment in the current year, we expect a slight increase in the

Despite challenging economic and capital market
operating return on equity for the Core Bank due to the planned
internal equity allocation following the continued reduction of
non-strategic portfolios. The cost/income ratio will probably fall

slightly year-on-year.

Table 18

Group outlook Forecast for 2015"

Pre-tax profit/loss €623m significant increase
Consolidated profit/loss €370m significant increase
Operating

return on equity 2.5% significant increase
Cost/income ratio in

operating business 79.1% slight decrease

’ Definitions: slightly = ~0-3%, significantly = ~4-5%.

For 2015 we expect consolidated profit to be significantly above
2014, both before and after tax. The increase will be slightly less
han at the operating profit level, because the expense for banking
levies will be sharply higher in 2015. We therefore expect the
consolidated return on equity to also improve significantly, while
he cost/income ratio should fall slightly. In the year under review
he Commerzbank Group posted a sharp improvement in
economic value added compared with 2013. This was largely the

result of the significantly higher consolidated profit. We expect

his trend to continue in 2015.

105

Group Management Report
Group Management Report

106

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Following the improvement of 30 basis points in the Basel 3
core capital ratio last year to 9.3% (on a “fully phased-in” basis,
i.e. according to our interpretation of the rules that will apply from
2019), we are assuming that in 2015 we will take a step towards
our aim of achieving a ratio of over 10% by the end of 2016. This
forecast does not rule out fluctuations in the ratio over time.
Changes in the interpretation of existing rules and the structure of
the norms that have to be implemented in future may have a
temporary impact on capital ratios.

Commerzbank has become much more resistant to negative
external influences in recent years. Nevertheless, at the start of
2015 numerous risk factors can be identified that could have a
major but currently unquantifiable impact on the profit forecast
for the year should events take an unfavourable turn. These
include the still uncertain economic situation in Europe, where the
sovereign debt crisis could flare up again following political
changes in Greece. Geopolitical tensions have also risen owing to

the military conflict in Ukraine.

The increased global risk of terrorism should also be
mentioned. Significant turbulence on capital markets is possible,
for instance in the event of divergent international interest rate
Yields on bonds

Switzerland and Japan, for example, have fallen into negative

trends. some government in Germany,
territory, whereas the economic situation in the USA could
potentially allow interest rates to start moving steadily upwards.
Major interest rate differentials between the major economies
could also lead to further strong currency volatility and

considerable turbulence in other asset classes.

Group Risk Report

The Group Risk Report is a separate reporting section in the

annual report. It forms part of the Group Management Report.
Group Risk Report

In the Group Risk Report, we give aco —_— mprehensive presentation of the risks
we are exposed to. We provide a detailed insight into the organisation and key
processes of our risk management. Our prim ary aim is to ensure that all risks in
Commerzbank are fully identified, monito —_ red and managed based on adequate
procedures at all times.

From a risk perspective, the focus in fi nancial year 2014 wa_ ss; still on the
accelerated reduction of the Non-Core Assets portfolio in the areas of Deutsche
Schiffsbank and Commercial Real Estate. For instance, the sale of the real estate
portfolio in Spain and Japan made an important contribu tion to risk reduction.
We are planning to reduce the exposure at default in the areas of Commercial
Real Estate and Deutsche Schiffsbank to !20bn until the end of 2016.

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

108 Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Contents

109 Executive summary 2014

110 _Risk-oriented overall bank management
0 Risk management organisation

1 Risk strategy and risk management

Risk ratios

Risk-bearing capacity and stress testing

WN

Regulatory environment

116 ~Default risk

6 Strategy and organisation

6 Risk management
20 Commerzbank Group
23 Core Bank

124 Private Customers
124 Mittelstandsbank
125 Central & Eastern Europe
126 Corporates & Markets
27 Non-Core Assets

30 Further portfolio analyses

133. Market risk

33 Strategy and organisation
33 Risk management

34 Trading book

35 Banking book

36 Market liquidity risk

137 Liquidity risk
37 Strategy and organisation
37 Risk management

37 Quantification and stress testing

139 Operational risk

39 Strategy and organisation

39 Risk management

140 = Other risks

The following Group Risk Report is also part of the Group Management Report. Due to
rounding, numbers and percentages may not add up precisely to the totals provided.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 109
109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management

116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137 Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk

140 Other risks

Executive summary 2014

Solid capitalisation and high risk-bearing capacity

‘| The risk coverage potential was kept virtually stable at !28 bn.
‘| The risk-bearing capacity rati_ 0 was on a high level at 172%.

Significant exposure reduction in Non-Core Assets

‘! The NCA exposure in the performing loan book was reduced
by !28bn to !78bn in the course of the year.

‘| In contrast, the exposure in the Core Bank could be
increased from !323bn to !355bn. Thus 80% of the total

exposure are associated with the Core Bank now.

Loan loss provision for the Group decreased by more than one
third to !1,144m

‘! The loan loss provision in NCA was significantly reduced,
particularly in CRE.
‘| The decrease in the Core Bank mainly occured in the Private

Customers and Mittelstandsbank segment.

Market risk in the trading book stable in the course of the
year 2014

‘! The VaR in the trading book remained stable in the course of
the year at !16m.
‘! The increase in FX risks was compensated by lower credit

spread risks.

Decrease in operational risks year-on-year

‘| Risk-weighted assets from operational risks slightly decreased
from !22,9bn to !21,6bn.
‘! Accordingly, at !1.8bn, the economically required capital for

OpRisk is slightly below the previous year s level.

Risk bearing capacity

mn 179% 112% RBC -ratio
29 28
16 16 (1 Risk coverage
potential
Econ. required
capital
12/13 12/14
EaD
!bn
429 433
NCA
> Core Bank
12/13 12/14

Loan loss provisions

!m

1,747
1,144
NCA
a | || Core Bank
12/13 12/14
VaR
!m
16 16
| | | | BE Group
12/13 12/14
Risk-weighted assets from operational risk
!bn
22.9 21.6
[> Group

12/13 12/14

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

110

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Risk-oriented

overall bank management

Commerzbank defines risk as the danger of possible losses or
profits foregone due to internal or external factors. In risk
management, we normally distinguish between quantifiable and
non-quantifiable types of risk. Quantifiable risks are those to which
a value can normally be attached in financial statements or in
regulatory capital requirements, while non-quantifiable types of

risk include reputational and compliance risk.

Risk management organisation

Risk Management in Commerzbank is an overarching bank
mission and follows the principle of the three lines of defense .

Each unit (segments and functions) forms the first line of defense
within its framework of operative responsibility. For credit, market

and liquidity risk the responsibility for the second line of defense

lies with the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The CRO is responsible for
implementing the Group s risk policy guidelines laid down by the
Board of Managing Directors, and for the controlling of

Figure 6

operational risks. For other risks (e.g. IT risks or legal risks) the

responsibility for the second line of defense is located

predominantly outside the risk func __ tion. The third line of defense
is comprised of internal and external control bodies (e.g. internal
audit and external auditors).

The CRO is responsible for the risk controlling and regularly
reports to the Board of Mana ging Directors and the Risk
Committee of the Supervisory Board on the risk situation within
the Group.

The responsibilities within the risk function are split between
Credit Risk Management Core Bank, Credit Risk Management
Non-Core Assets (NCA), Intensive Care, Market Risk Management
and Risk Controlling and Capital Management. In the Core Bank
segments, credit risk management is separated into a performing
loan area and Intensive Care, while in the NCA segment it has
been merged into a single unit across all rating classes. All
divisions have a direct reporting line to the CRO. The heads of
these five risk management divisions together with the CRO make

up the Risk Management Board within Group Management.

Risk Management Function

Vv V Vv Vv
Credit Risk Credit Risk Intensive Care Market Risk Risk Controlling and
Management Management Management Capital Management
Core Bank Non-Core Assets

The Board of Managing Directors has sole responsibility for
fundamental strategic decisions. The Board of Managing Directors
has delegated the operational ri sk management to committees.
Under the relevant rules of procedure, these are the Group Credit

Committee, the Group Market Risk Committee, the Group OpRisk

Figure 7

Committee and the Group Strategic Risk Committee, which
decides on risk issues of an overarching nature. The CRO chairs all
these committees and has the right of veto. In addition, the CRO is

a member of the Asset Liability Committee.

Supervisory Board s Risk Committee

Risk Management
Board

Group Credit
Committee

Group Market Risk
Committee

Asset Liability
Committee

Group OpRisk
Committee

Group Strategic
Risk Committee

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

The Supervisory Boards Risk Committee comprises the
Chairman of the Supervisory Board and at least four further
Supervisory Board members. The Risk Committee is charged,
among other tasks, with monitori _ ng the risk management system
and dealing with all risks, particularly with regard to market,
credit, operational risk as well as reputational risk. The Board of
Managing Directors informs the Ri sk Committee about the Bank s
risk situation on a regular basis (four meetings a year).

The Risk Management Board deals with important current risk
topics as a discussion and decision-making committee within the
risk function. In particular, it makes decisions on strategic and
organisational developments fo r the risk function and is
responsible for creating and mainta

The Group Credit

committee for operational credit risk management below the

ining a consistent risk culture.
Committee is the decision-making
Board of Managing Directors,

each from the back office and front office. It is chaired by the CRO

comprising two representatives

or his deputy. The Group Credit Committee operates on the basis
of the credit risk strategy. It takes decisions in line with the
competencies delegated to it by

The Group Market Risk Committee

the Board of Managing Directors.
monitors market risk
throughout the Group and manages li mit requirements in line with
risk-bearing capacity. To do this, all market risks from the trading
and banking book are analysed to identify risks early and for active
risk management purposes. In addition to minimising risk and
avoiding losses, the focus here is on optimising the risk/return
profile at an aggregated level.

The Group OpRisk Committee (OpRiskCo) is responsible for
managing operational risks within the Group and in this regard
acts as the highest escalation and decision-making committee
below the Board of Managing Directors. The OpRiskCo also
addresses all important regulatory issues that arise in connection
with the management of operatio _ nal risks and the implementation
of the advanced measurement approach (AMA) within the Group.

In addition, it deals with standards on governance and assessing
the functioning of the Internal Control System (ICS) within the
Commerzbank Group.

The Group Strategic Risk Committee acts as the discussion
and decision-making committee for all types of risk, and its main
objective is to monitor and manage risks at portfolio level. This
covers risk measurement, risk transparency and risk management.

The central Asset Liability Committee is the Commerzbank
Group committee responsible for the Group-wide and integrated
management of financial resources, namely capital, liquidity and
balance sheet structure as well as interest surplus, in accordance
with the regulatory framework. The central Asset Liability
Committee monitors in particul ar the Groups  risk-bearing
capacity and, as such, plays an important part in our Internal

Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP).

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 111

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

The Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors (CEO) bears
responsibility for cont rolling risks related to the Bank s business
strategy, reputational risks and legal risks. The Chief Financial
Officer (CFO) assumes responsibility for controlling compliance
risk with particular regard to investor protection, insider trading
guidelines and money laundering. The Chief Operating Officer

(COO) is responsible for monitoring personnel and IT risks.

Risk strategy and risk management

The overall risk strategy, together with the business strategy,
defines the strategic risk management guidelines for the develop-

ment of Commerzbank s investment portfolio. Furthermore, the
risk appetite is set as the maximu _—m risk that the Bank is prepared
and able to accept while following its business objectives without
exposing itself to existential threats over and above the risks
inherent in the business. The guiding idea is to ensure that the
Group holds sufficient liquidity and capital. Based on these
requirements, suitable limits for the risk resources capital and
liquidity reserve available to the Group are defined. The
overarching limits of the overall ri sk strategy are consistent with
the recovery indicators of the recovery plan.

Banks core functions as transformers of liquidity and risk
result in inevitable threats that can in extreme cases endanger the
continued existence of the institution. For Commerzbank, in view
of its business model, these inherent existential threats include the
default of Germany, Poland, one or more of the other major EU
countries (France, Italy, Spain or the UK) or the long-term default
of the USA. Others include a deep recession lasting several years
with serious repercussions for the German economy, the collapse
of the financial markets, the collapse of global clearing houses or a
bank run. These existential threats are taken on board deliberately
in the pursuit of the business target s. It may be necessary to adjust
the business model and hence the business and risk strategies if
the Board of Managing Directors assessment of these threats to
Commerzbank changes substantially.

The overall risk strategy covers all material risks to which
Commerzbank is exposed. It is detailed further in the form of sub-
risk strategies for the risk ty pes which are material. These are
then specified and made operational through policies, regulations
and instructions/guidelines. By means of the risk inventory pro-
cess — which is to be carried out annually or on an ad hoc basis as
required — we ensure that all risks of relevance to the Group are
identified and their materiality is assessed. The assessment of the
materiality of a risk is based on whether its occurrence could have
a major direct or indirect impa ct on the Banks risk-bearing

capacity.

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

As part of the planning process, the Board of Managing
Directors decides the extent to wh __ ich the risk coverage potential
of the Group should be utilised. On that basis, individual types of
risk are limited in a second stage. A capital framework is allocated
to the management-relevant units through the planning process.
Compliance with limits and guidelines is monitored during the
year, and adjustments are made where required. In addition,
further qualitative and quantitative early warning indicators are
established in the overall risk strategy and recovery plan. Potential
negative developments can be identified at an early stage with the
help of these indicators.

One of the primary tasks of risk management is the avoidance
of risk concentrations. These can arise from the synchronous
movement of risk positions both within a single risk type (intra-
risk concentrations) and across different risk types (inter-risk
concentrations). The last one results from common risk drivers or
from interactions between different risk drivers of different risk
types.

By establishing adequate risk management and controlling
processes, we provide for the identification, assessment, manage-
ment, monitoring and communication of substantial risks and
related risk concentrations. Therefore we ensure that all Commerz-
bank-specific risk concentrations are adequately taken into
account. A major objective is to ensure early transparency
regarding risk concentrations, and thus to reduce the potential risk
of losses. We use a combination of portfolio and scenario analyses
to manage and deal with Commerzbank-specific inter-risk
concentrations. Stress tests are used to deepen the analysis of risk
concentrations and, where necessary, to identify new drivers of
risk concentrations. Management is regularly informed about the
results of the analyses.

Under the three lines of defence principle, protecting against
adverse risks is an activity that is not restricted to the risk
function. Each unit (segment or function) forms the first line of
defence within its area of operational responsibility and is
responsible for identifying and managing risks within it while
complying with the prescribed ri sk standards and policies. For
example, the front office forms th e first line of defence in all
business decisions and has to take risk aspects into account in
reaching them. The second line of defence for each type of risk
lays down standards for appropriate management of risks of that
type, monitors this and ensures the application of such standards,
and analyses and evaluates the risks. The risk function forms the
second line of defence against credit and market risks associated

with business decisions. Particularly for credit risk, this includes

the involvement in the credit decision process through means of a

second vote. Units outside the risk function (Group Compliance
and Group Finance) also operate as the second line of defence for

certain risk types. The third line of defence is made up of internal

and external control bodies (e.g. internal auditors and external

auditors).

Under the previous provisions of the Remuneration Ordinance
for Institutions (Institutsverg tungsverordnung), every year
Commerzbank identified those employees who have a material
impact on Commerzbank s overall risk profile (risk takers). These
risk takers are identified on the basis of their function within the
organisation (including management level) and their function-
related activities that have a po tential influence on the Banks
overall risk profile. Due to their particular importance for the
Banks overall results, specia 1 regulations apply to these
employees for measuring their performance and determining their
variable remuneration. The EU De _ legated Regulation, specifying
qualitative and appropriate quantitative criteria for identifying
categories of staff whose professional activities have a material
impact on an institutions risk profile, entered into force on
26 June 2014. As a result, more Commerzbank employees were

identified as risk takers.

Risk ratios

Commerzbank uses a comprehensive system of ratios and proce-
dures for measuring, managing and limiting various types of risk.
The most important of these are listed below:

Economically required capital (ErC) is the amount that
corresponding to a high confidence level (currently 99.91% at
Commerzbank) will cover unexpected losses arising from risk
positions.

The risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio) indicates the
excess coverage of the economically required capital by the risk
coverage potential. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured
as long as the RBC ratio is higher than 100%.

Exposure at default (EaD) is the expected exposure amount
taking into account a potential (partial) drawing of open lines and
contingent liabilities that will adve __rsely affect risk-bearing capacity
in the event of default. For Public Finance securities, the nominal
is reported as EaD.

Expected loss (EL) measures the potential loss on a loan
portfolio that can be expected within one year on the basis of

historical loss data.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk density is the ratio of expected loss to exposure at default

and thus represents the relative ri sk content of an exposure or a
portfolio.
Value at risk (VaR)

involves setting a ho Iding period (such as one day) and a

is a methodology for quantifying risk. It
confidence level (such as 97.5%). The VaR value then denotes the
relevant loss threshold that wi Il not be exceeded within the
holding period with a probability in line with the confidence level.

Credit value at risk (CVaR) is the economic capital
requirement for credit risk with a confidence level of 99.91%. The
term results from the application of the value at risk concept to
credit risk measurement. Credit VaR is an estimate of the amount
by which losses from credit risks could potentially exceed the
expected loss within a single year, i.e. unexpected loss. The idea
behind this approach is that expected loss simply represents the
long-term average of le nding losses, but this may vary (positively
or negatively) from actual credit losses for the current business
year.

In relation to bulk risk, the

customer credit lines approved by the Bank in their full amount —

all-in concept comprises all

irrespective of the loan utilisatio n to date. It is independent of
statistically modelled parameters an d comprises internal as well as

external credit lines.

Risk-bearing capacity and stress

testing

Risk-bearing capacity analysis is a key part of overall bank
management and Commerzbanks Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process (ICAAP). The purpose is to ensure that
sufficient capital is held for the risk profile of Commerzbank Group
at all times.

Commerzbank monitors risk-bearing capacity using a gone
concern approach which seeks primarily to protect unsub-
ordinated lenders. This objective should be achieved even in the
event of extraordinarily high losses from an unlikely extreme
event. The gone concern analysis is supplemented here by
elements aimed at ensuring the institution s continuing existence
(going concern perspective).

When determining the economically

required capital,

allowance is made for potential un —_ expected fluctuations in value.
Where such fluctuations exceed forecasts, they must be covered

by the available economic capital to absorb unexpected losses

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 113

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

(economic risk coverage potentia 1). The quantification of the
economic risk coverage potential is based on a differentiated view

on the accounting values of assets and liabilities and involves
economic valuations of ce _ rtain balance sheet items.

The capital requirement for the risks taken is quantified using
the internal economic capita 1 model. When assessing the
economic capital required, allowanc _ e is made for all the types of
risk at Commerzbank Group that are classified as material and
quantifiable in the annual risk inventory. The economic risk
approach therefore also comprises risk types that are not included
in the regulatory requirements for banks capital adequacy. It also
reflects diversification effects incorporating all types of risk. The
confidence level of 99.91% in the economic capital model is in
line with the underlying gone concern assumptions and ensures
the economic risk-bearing capa city concept is _ internally
consistent. The quantifiable risks in the economic capital model
can be divided into default risk, market risk, operational risk and
(although not shown separately in table 19 below) business risk,
property value change risk, investment portfolio risk and reserve
risk. Business risk is the risk of a potential loss resulting from
discrepancies between actual income and expense and the
respective budgeted figures. Business risk is considered as a
deductible amount in risk coverage potential. Investment portfolio
risk indicates the risk of an unexpected fall in the value of unlisted
investments, while property value change risk is the risk of an
unexpected fall in the value of owned property (especially real
estate). Reserve risk is the ri sk of additional charges being
incurred on the portfolio of loans already in default through the
creation of additional loan loss provisions. Allowance is made for
the above risks when considering risk-bearing capacity by means
of a risk buffer. The results of the risk-bearing capacity analysis
are shown using the risk-bearing capacity ratio (RBC ratio),
indicating the excess of the risk co _ verage potential in relation to
the economically required capital.

The risk-bearing capacity is monitored and managed monthly
at Group level. Risk-bearing capacity is deemed to be assured as
than 100%. In 2014, the RBC ratio

stood at 172% on 31 December

long as the RBC ratio is higher
was consistently above 100% and
2014. The RBC ratio remained stable at a high level over the

course of the year.

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Table 19

Risk-bearing capacity Group | !bn 31.12.2014 31.12.2013

Economic risk coverage potential ! 28 29

Economically required capital 2 16 16
thereof for default risk 12 12
thereof for market risk 3 4
thereof for operational risk 2 2
thereof diversification effects 2 2

RBC ratio * 172% 179%

' Including potential deductible amounts for business risk.

2 Including property value change risk, risk of unlisted investments and reserve risk.

* RBC ratio = economic risk coverage potentia Veconomically required capital (including
risk buffer).

Commerzbank uses macroeconomic stress tests to review the risk-
bearing capacity in the event of assumed adverse changes in the
economic environment. The scenarios on which they are based
take into account the interdep endence in development between
the real and financial economies and extend over a time horizon of
at least two years. They are updated quarterly and approved by the
Asset Liability Committee (ALCO). The scenarios describe an
extraordinary but plausible adverse development in the economy,
focusing in particular on portfolio priorities and business
strategies of relevance to Commerzbank. The simulation is run
monthly using the input paramete rs of the economic capital
requirements for all material and quantifiable risk types. It reflects
the forecast macroeconomic situation. In addition to the capital
required, the profit and loss calculation is also subjected to a
stress test based on the macroeconomic scenarios. Based on this,
changes in the risk coverage potential are simulated. In the same
way as the RBC ratio is incorporated into Commerzbank s limit
system, explicit limits on risk-bearing capacity are set as an early
warming system in the stressed environment. The ongoing
monitoring of the limit for the unstressed and stressed RBC ratio is

a key part of internal reporting. Defined escalations are triggered

if the limit is breached.

In addition to the regular stress tests, so-called reverse stress
tests are implemented annually at Group level. Unlike regular
stress testing, the result of the simulation — a sustained threat to
the Bank — is determined in advance. The aim of the analysis
process in the reverse stress test is to improve the transparency of
Bank-specific risk potential and inte —_ractions of risk by identifying
and assessing extreme scenarios and events. On this basis, for
instance, action fields in risk management including the regular
stress tests can be identified and taken into account in the ongoing
development efforts.

In addition to the internal stre ss testing of the economic risk-
bearing capacity, Commerzbank also participated in the
comprehensive assessment carried out by the European Central
Bank (ECB) and passed the associated regulatory stress test. On
the basis of an asset quality revi ew (AQR) as at 31 December 2013,

a stress test was conducted throughout the EU. Under the baseline
stress test scenario, taking the AQR results into account,
Commerzbank recorded a CET] ratio of 11.4% and was therefore
significantly above the hurdle of 8.0%. The Bank s CET1 ratio at
8.0% was also well above the 5.5% hurdle under the adverse
scenario in the stress test. Additional information on this can be
found in the Important human resources and business policy
events section in the Group Management Report.

In 2014, the  risk-weighted assets resulting from
Commerzbank s business activities increased from !191bn to
!215bn. This increase was primaril y attributable to the first-time
application of Basel 3. The increase in volume in the Core Bank
targeted under the business strategy is countered by the ongoing
reduction of Non-Core Assets (NCA). The reduction in NCA
included in particular the disposal of commercial real estate
financing portfolios in Spain and Japan and of a non-performing
loan portfolio in Portugal.

Table 20 below gives an overview of the distribution of risk-

weighted assets, broken down by segment and risk type:

Table 20

Risk-weighted assets Default | Market Operatio- [ee]

as at 31.12.2014 | !bn risk risk nal risk

Core Bank 135 15 20 170
Private Customers 8 0 9 28
Mittelstandsbank 67 1 3 71
Central & Eastern Europe 3 0 0 14
Corporates & Markets 20 11 5 36
Others and Consolidation 7 3 3 22

Non-Core Assets 39 5 1 45
Commercial Real Estate 2 0 1 13
Deutsche Schiffsbank 1 0 11
Public Finance 5 5 20

Group 174 20 22 215

Regulatory environment

With Basel 3, the Basel Comm ittee on Banking Supervision
published among other things comprehensive rules on the
components of shareholders equity and ratios as well as the
management of liquidity risk. The Capital Requirements Directive
(CRD) IV package of measures , constituting the European
implementation of Basel 3, has been in force since 1 January 2014.
The more stringent capital requirements will be phased in by
2019. During 2014, the European Banking Authority (EBA)
published numerous supplementary regulations (RTS, ITS,
guidelines, etc.), which will gradually enter into force. This will
continue in 2015 and onwards. Commerzbank has prepared itself
for the more stringent capital adequacy requirements by taking a

number of steps.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

In addition, under Basel 3 the leverage ratio is being introduced
as a new and non-risk sensitive indicator of indebtedness. Final
calibration of the leverage ratio is intended to be completed by
2017, and the ratio is expected to become a minimum supervisory
requirement under pillar 1 from 2018 onwards. However, there has
been a requirement to report the leverage ratio to the supervisory
authority since the CRR entered into force. Commerzbank has set
its own leverage ratio targets and applies them in its capital
management process.

As part of the liquidity requirements, the reporting expecta-
tions of supervisory authorities will be more specified by including
particularly two liquidity ratios, namely the Liquidity Coverage
Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). The LCR
was adopted by the European Union as part of the delegated act
on 17 January 2015 and will be
with effect from 1 October 2015. The Basel Committee approved
the final version of the NSFR in

binding on all European banks

October 2014, and it is expected
to enter into force on | Januar y 2018. Its transposition into
European law is pending. The co  nsultation on the disclosure
requirements relating to the NSFR will end on 6 March 2015.
Commerzbank is already calculating both ratios as part of its
regulatory reporting processes and will communicate them in its
internal reporting.

The principles for risk data aggregation and internal risk
reporting, published by the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision in early 2013, are be ing implemented as part of a
Group-wide project in Commerzbank. Banks of global systemic
relevance, along with certain other selected banks, will be obliged
to comply fully with the principles from the beginning of 2016. In
the year under review, Commerzbank has in particular developed
and extended a system of data trees for documenting the data
on which reports are based and laid the foundations for the data
governance applicable to them.

The Group-wide recovery plan has been adapted in line with
the Minimum Requirements for the Design of Recovery Plans
(MaSan), which was available since April 2014 and was put into
effect in January 2015. In the recovery plan, we describe in detail
for instance the courses of action and recovery potential available
to the Bank in the event of a crisis and which specific recovery
measures, in various stress scenarios, will enable the Bank to
complete its recovery. As the European and German regulations
and requirements are finalised, we will further develop our

recovery plan accordingly.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137. Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

On 4 November 2014, following the completion of the
(AQR/stress __ test,

information on this can be found in the Important human

comprehensive assessment additional
resources and business policy events sub-section in the Group
Management Report), direct supervision of Commerzbank was
transferred from BaFin/Bundesbank to the ECB as part of the
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM _). To perform its supervisory
functions, the ECB has set up Joint Supervisory Teams (JSTs) for
each financial institution group that it directly supervises, made up

of its own staff and officials from the national supervisory
authorities.

In 2014, a start was also made on finalising the Single
Resolution Mechanism, which is intended to complement the
Single Supervisory Mechanism. Thus, from 2016 onwards, a
Single Resolution Board will take over responsibility for
reorganising the affairs of at-risk banks supervised by the ECB. In
addition, from 2016 onwards, banks in the area covered by the
SSM will start to finance the Single Resolution Fund.

Commerzbank is also monitoring and evaluating other current
developments as regards regulatory projects. Particularly worthy
of note at global level are the efforts of the Basel Committee on
Banking Supervision to address interest rate risk in the banking
book, to limit national discretion and to revise disclosure under
pillar 3. At the Euro pean level, during 2015 Commerzbank will
monitor the ongoing consultation process on the evaluation of
other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs) and the
resulting stipulation of an O-SII buffer.

The Enhanced Disclosure Task Force (EDTF) has published a
number of fundamental principles and recommendations for
improved reporting across all areas of risk management.
Commerzbank has largely taken these recommendations into
account in this Annual Report 2. 014 and in the Disclosure Report
2014. The scope and timing of implementation are still being
reviewed for certain areas.

Commerzbank operates in mark ets subject to national and
supranational regulation. In ad dition, it is subject to the
overarching requirements imposed by accounting standards.
Changes in regulatory requirements and accounting standards,
which have grown increasingly frequent and material in recent
years, may have lasting implications for — and even threaten the
survival of — the financial industry in general and Commerzbank s
business model in particular. Commerzbank participates actively
and at an early stage in the consultation processes aimed at

preparing for the constant changes in the operating environment.

115

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Default risk

Default risk refers to the risk of losses due to defaults by

counterparties. For Commerzbank, the concept of default risk
embraces not only the risks associated with defaults on loans, but
also counterparty and issuer risks as well as country and transfer

risk.

Strategy and organisation

The credit risk strategy is derived from the overall risk strategy
and is the partial risk strategy fo _r default risks. It forms a central
anchor point for the Group-wide management of default risk and is
embedded in the ICAAP process of the Commerzbank Group. As
such, it makes an important contribution to maintaining the risk-
bearing capacity.

It describes the strategic areas of action and gives an overview
of the important management concepts in credit risk management
— particularly for the management of the most important risk
concentrations.

The credit risk strategy is a link between the Bank s overall risk
management across all risk types and the operationalisation of
default risk management. It relies on quantitative and qualitative
management tools that take accoun t of the specific requirements
of the Core Bank and the NCA portfolio.

Quantitative management is carried out using clearly defined
economic and regulatory indicators at Group, segment and
portfolio level. The aim is to ensure an adequate portfolio quality
and granularity in addition to risk-bearing capacity.

Qualitative management guidelines in the form of credit
policies define the target business of the Bank. At the level of
individual transactions, they regulate the transaction type with
which the risk resources provided are to be used. These credit
policies are firmly embedded in the credit process: transactions
which do not meet the requirements are escalated through a fixed
competence regulation.

In organisational terms, credit risk management in the Core
Bank differs from risk management in the NCA segment. In the
Core Bank, based on the separation of responsibility by the
performing loan area on the one hand and Intensive Care on the
other, discrete back-office areas are responsible for operational
credit risk management on a portfoli o and an individual case basis.

All credit decisions in the performing loan area are risk/return
decisions. The front and back office take joint responsibility for
risk and return from an exposure, with the back office having
primary responsibility for the ri sk, and the front office for the
return. Accordingly, neither office can be overruled in its primary
responsibility in the lending process.

Higher-risk Core Bank customers are handled by specialist

Intensive Care areas. The customers are moved to these areas as

soon as they meet defined transfer criteria. The principal reasons

for transfer to Intensive Care area __¢ are criteria relating to number
of days overdrawn, to gether with event-related criteria such as
rating, insolvency, third-party en forcement measures or credit
fraud. This ensures that higher-risk customers can continue to

be managed promptly by specialists in defined standardised
processes.

In the NCA segment, by contrast , there is no separation of
responsibilities between the performing loan area and Intensive
Care. Credit risk management here has been merged into one unit
across all rating classes.

The aim is to fully wind down all the assets grouped in this
segment in a way that preserves value. To this end, EaD-based
guidelines have been established and an asset management
programme has been implemented. This is carried out through
regular asset planning and is based on a risk matrix for
Commercial Real Estate and Deutsche Schiffsbank. The parts of
the portfolio shown within the risk matrix serve as a guideline for
differentiated risk management within the overarching portfolio
reduction mandate. The main aim here is to prioritise the winding
down or mitigation of those parts of the portfolio and individual
loans for which the capital requirement is particularly high.
Opportunities for selling sub-portfolios in a way that preserves
value may also be used to free up capital as part of the systematic
portfolio reduction.

For business in Public Finance, the reduction is primarily
through regular maturities of as sets. Market opportunities that
arise are used in a targeted way for the sale of individual assets.

The transfer of assets to the Core Bank is also regularly reviewed

for the purposes of liquidity management.

Risk management

Commerzbank manages default risk using a comprehensive risk
management system comprising an organisational structure,
methods and models, a risk stra tegy with quantitative and
qualitative management tools and regulations and processes. The
risk management system ensures that the entire portfolio and the
sub-portfolios, right down to individual exposure level, are
managed consistently and thoroughly on a top-down basis.

The ratios and measures required for the operational process of
risk management are based on overarching Group objectives. They
are enhanced at downstream levels by sub-portfolio and product
specifics. Risk-based credit approval regulations focus manage-
ment attention in the highest decision-making bodies on issues

such as risk concentrations or de _viations from the risk strategy.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

The Core Bank s operational credit risk management still aims
to preserve the good portfolio quality achieved. We focus not only
on supporting growth in the Core Banks granular lending
business but also on limiting concentration risks and reducing
risks in the non-investment grade area. We also continually carry
out checks of our credit processes to identify possible im-
provement measures. Our concern is not only to provide our staff
with ongoing training and develo pment, but also to reinforce a
uniform risk culture throughout the Group.

Commerzbank s rating and scoring methods, which are used
for all key credit portfolios, form the basis for measuring default
risks. Both the calibration of the probabilities of default assigned
to individual counterparties or loans and the calculation of loss
ratios are based on an analysis of historical data from the
Commerzbank portfolio. An annual recalibration of the methods is
carried out on this basis.

Country risk management is based on the definition of risk
limits as well as country-specific strategies for achieving a desired
target portfolio.

Back-office activities in domest ic corporate customer business
are organised by industry sector, which makes it possible to
directly identify issues at total | and sub-portfolio level, track them
down to the individual loan level and implement appropriate
measures. This has led to major progress in terms of the speed
and efficiency of preventative measures and forecasting quality in

respect of the development of risk.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 117

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

Critical events and  consta ntly changing regulatory
requirements make responsive credit portfolio management
essential, and so ensuring that the credit portfolio is highly flexible
remains one of our key strategic action fields in credit risk

management.

Management of economic capital commitment
Economic capital commitment is mana _ ged in order to ensure that
Commerzbank Group holds sufficient capital. With this object in
view, all risk types in the overall risk strategy for economically
required capital (ErC) are given limits on a Group-wide basis, with,

in particular, a CVaR limit being specified. Due to the
systematically restricted options for reducing default risk on a
short-term basis, it is important to take account of expected trends
in credit risk (medium-term and long-term) in order to remain
within limits. For this reason, medium-term forecast values of
capital ratios play a key role in ongoing management. When
updating forecasts, it has to be ensured that keeping to them
results in limits being met. At segment and business area level,
deviations from the forecast are monitored and adjustments made
when necessary. There is no cascaded limit concept for credit risk
below Group level, i.e. the Group credit limit is not allocated to

segments or business areas.

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

118

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Figure 8

Overview of management instruments and levels

Overall risk strategy
plus sub-risk strategies for
signi cant risk types

Establishment of a general
risk understanding

and creation of a uniform
risk culture

De nition of Group limits
(across all risk types)

for capital and liquidity
man age ment

Additional de nition of
guide lines as key points of
the aspired target portfolio

Group Risk & Capital Monitor
plus risk type speci c

Group formats (including

ash reporting)

Uniform, consolidated data
repository as basis for Group
reporting

Ensuring exchange of
information and networking
in committees that operate
across all risk types

Retaining quali ed staff in

line with progressive — product
innovation or regulatory
adjustments

policy in guidelines
(portfolios, asset classes, etc.)

Differenciated credit authori-
ties based on com pliance of
transactions with the Bank s
tisk policy

level of risk categories and
sub-portfolios

Expansion of Group-wide
per formance metrics
using sub-portfolio-speci c
indicators

established portfolio calendar

Asset quality review and
analysis of High Attention
Parts (HAP) !

Trigger monitoring with clear
escalation and _ reporting lines

= = a —
v v v v
Clear formulation of risk Performance metrics on Portfolio batches as per Interdisciplinary composition

of segment committees

Ensuring uniform economic
opinions

v

v

v

v

Rating-dependent and
bulk-sensitive credit
regulations with

clear escalation processes

authority

Limitation of bulk risk

and uniform management
according to model-
independent all-in de nition

Limit monitoring at
individual exposure level

Monthly report to the Board
of Managing Directors on
the development of bulk risks

Review of individual custom -
ers/exposures resulting from
asset quality review or HAP
analyses |

Deal team structures

Institutionalized exchange
within the risk function, also
taking account of economic
developments

Sector-wise organization of
domestic corporate business

' Description refers to Core Bank; analogue procedure based on a speci c risk matrix used in NCA segment.

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Rating classification

The Commerzbank rating method comprises 25 rating classes for
d five default classes (6.1 to 6.5).

The Commerzbank master scale allocates a non-overlapping range

loans not in default (1.0 to 5.8) an
of probabilities of default that are stable over time to each rating
class. The rating methods are validated and recalibrated annually
so that they reflect the latest projection based on all actual
observed defaults. The default ranges assigned to the ratings are
the same for all portfolios and remain stable over time. This

ensures internal comparability consistent with the master scale

Figure 9

Commerzbank master scale

method. For the purpose of guid
scale also shows external ratings. However, a direct reconciliation
is not possible, because external ratings of different portfolios

show fluctuating default ra

committees (Board of Managing Directors, credit committee,

credit sub-committees) are graduated by size of exposure and

Risk Report

Financial Statements

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management

116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137 Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

The credit approval authorities of both individual staff and the

rating class.

Further Information

ance, the Commerzbank master

tes from year to year.

1.0 0 10)
> AAA AAA
1.2 0.01 0—0.02
1.4 0.02 0.02—0.03 AAt+ >
AA
1.6 0.04 0.03—0.05 AA, AA—
1.8 0.07 0.05—0.08 A+, A >
A Investment grade
2.0 0.11 0.08—0.13 A—
2.2 0.17 0.13—0.21 BBB+
24 0.26 0.21—0.31
> BBB BBB
2.6 0.39 0.31—0.47
2.8 0.57 0.47—0.68 BBB—
3.0 0.81 0.68—0.96 BB+
3.2 1.14 0.96—1.34
> BB BB
3.4 1.56 1.34—1.81
3.6 2.10 1.81—2.40 BB—
3.8 2.74 2.40—3.10
> B+
4.0 3.50 3.10—3.90
4.2 4.35 3.90—4.86
4.4 5.42 4.86—6.04 > B B Non-investment grade
4.6 6.74 6.04—7.52
4.8 8.39 7.52—9.35
> B-
5.0 10.43 9.35—11.64 |
5.2 12.98 11.64—14.48
> cCC+
5.4 16.15 14.48—18.01
CCC
5.6 20.09 18.01—22.41
> CCC to CC—
5.8 47.34 22.41—99.99 |
6.1 > 90 days past due
6.2 Imminent insolvency

6.3 100

Restructuring with recapitalisation

Termination without insolvency

6.4
6.5

Insolvency

C, D-I, D-II

Default

119

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Management of risk concentrations

The avoidance of risk concentrations is a core strategy of risk
management. Risk concentrations are actively managed in order to
identify at an early stage and to contain the increased potential for
loss in the synchronous movement of risk positions. In addition to
exposure-related credit risk concentrations (bulk risks), default risk
also includes, among others, country and sector concentrations.
Segment-specific features are taken into account here.

A uniform definition based on all-in is used to manage bulk
risk. The all-in concept comprises all customer credit lines
approved by the Bank in their full amount — irrespective of the loan
utilisation to date.

Management and the Supervisory Board s Risk Committee are

regularly informed about the results of the analyses.

Risk mitigation

The collateral taken into account in risk management is mostly
assigned to portfolios at Co mmerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and
Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG. It totals around !90bn for the
exposures in the performing book and over !6bn in the default
portfolio. In the Private Customers segment, the collateral
predominantly consists of mortgages on owner-occupied and
buy-to-let residential property In Mittelstand sbank and in
Corporates & Markets, collateral is spread over various types of
security. These mainly relate to mortgages on commercial
properties and various forms of guarantees. The portfolio in the
Central & Eastern Europe segment is mainly secured by
mortgages, in both the retail and commercial sectors. In the Non-
Core Assets segment, collateral in the Commercial Real Estate
sub-segment mainly relates to commercial land charges and also
to charges on owner-occupied and buy-to-let properties. The ship

finance portfolio is mostly backed by ship mortgages.

Commerzbank Group

At Commerzbank, the business activities are divided into the four
core segments Private Customer ss, Mittelstandsbank, Central
& Eastern Europe and Corporates & Markets. The run-off segment
Non-Core Assets (NCA) comprises — besides the Public Finance
business — all activities of commercial real estate and ship
financing. These exposures should be completely wound down
over time.

To describe Commerzbank Group, we will go into more detail
on credit risk ratios, the breakdown of the portfolio by region, loan
loss provisions in the credit business, the default portfolio and on

overdrafts in the performing book.

Credit risk parameters
The credit risk parameters in the Commerzbank Group are
distributed in the rating classes 1. 0 to 5.8 as follows over the Core

Bank and Non-Core Assets:

Table 21
Credit risk Exposure —_ Expected Risk CVaR
parameters at default loss density
as at 31.12.2014 !bn !m bp !m
Core Bank 355 944 27 8,064
Non-Core Assets 78 553 71 3,612
Group 433 1,497 35 11,675

When broken down on the basis of PD ratings, 79% of the Group s

portfolio is in the internal rating classes | and 2.

Table 22

Rating 1.0—1.8 2.0—2.8 3.0—3.8 4.0—4.8 5.0 —S.8
breakdown

as at 31.12.2014

EaD | %

Core Bank 31 49 15 4 1

Non-Core Assets 28 43 17 7 5

Group 31 48 15 4 2

To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

The Group s country risk calculation records both transfer risks
and region-specific event risks defined by political and economic
events which impact on the individual economic entities of a
country. Country risks are managed and limited on the basis of
loss at default at country leve 1. Country exposures which are
significant for Commerzbank due to their size, and exposures in
countries in which Commerzbank holds significant investments in
comparison to the GDP of thos e countries are handled by the
Strategic Risk Committee on a separate basis.

The regional breakdown of the exposure corresponds to the
Bank s strategic direction and reflects the main areas of its global

business activities.

Table 23

Group portfolio Exposure at Expected Risk
by region default loss density
as at 31.12.2014 !bn !m bp
Germany 216 528 24
Western Europe 107 290 27
Central and Eastern

Europe 41 217 52
North America 25 33 13
Asia 20 49 25
Other 25 381 153
Group 433 1,497 35

Around half of the Bank s exposure relates to Germany, a further
and 6% to North America. The

rest is broadly diversified and is split among a large number of

third to other countries in Europe

countries where we serve German exporters in particular or where
Commerzbank has a local presence. In view of the current
developments in Ukraine, the exposures in Ukraine and Russia are
a particular focus of risk management at present. As at the end of
December 2014, the Russia exposure amounted to !5.7bn. Here, a
great portion of the exposure is re lated to foreign trade financing,
interbank trading and loans to subsidiaries of German companies

in Russia. The Ukraine exposure is !0.1bn and is almost fully

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 121

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133 Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

collateralised. The expected loss of the Group portfolio is mainly
divided between Germany and Western Europe. A main driver of
the expected loss in the region Other is ship finance.

Table 24 below shows the exposure to Greece, Ireland, Italy,
Portugal and Spain based on the member state where the head

office or the asset is located.

Table 24

EaD! Sove- Banks CRE — Corpo- Total Total
!bn reign ? rates/

Other
Greece 0.0 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.3 0.3
Ireland 0.6 0.4 0.0 1.6 2.6 17
Italy 9.3 0.5 1.0 2.3 13.2 13.7
Portugal 1.3 0.4 0.9 0.2 2.9 2.8
Spain 4.8 3.9 0.1 2.2 11.0 11.3

' Excluding exposure from ship finance.
2 Including sub-sovereigns.

Loan loss provision

The loan loss provisions relating to the Group s credit business in
2014 amounted to !1,144m. This figu re includes a one-off charge
of !28m net arising from the re gular annual update of risk
parameters. Loan loss provisions totalled !603m, a decrease of
more than one-third on the previous year s level.

Write-downs on securities are not considered as loan loss
provisions but as income from fi nancial assets. Note (36) to the
consolidated financial statements gives further details on this.

For 2015, we expect loan loss provisions for the Group to be in
line with the previous years level. However, in the event of a
huge, unexpected deterioration in economic conditions, for
instance due to a negative development in the crisis in Ukraine or
in the case of defaults of huge individual customers, significantly
higher loan loss provisions may become necessary under certain

circumstances.

Table 25
Loan loss provisions !m Total Q4 Q3 Q2 Ql Total Q4 Q3 Q2 Ql
Core Bank 490 104 90 192 104 665 134 249 190 92
Non-Core Assets 654 204 251 65 134 1,082 317 243 347 175
Group 1,144 308 341 257 238 1,747 451 492 537 267

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

122

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Default portfolio

The default portfolio stood at !11.8bn as at the reporting date,
representing a significant decrease of !3.7bn compared with the
previous year. This reduction was largely due to successful

restructuring measures in the NCA segment: for example, the sale

of the real estate financing portfolio in Spain resulted in a net
reduction of !3.3bn.

The following table shows claims
LaR.

in default in the category

Table 26
Default portfolio category LaR | !m Group Core Bank NCA Group Core Bank NCA
Default volume 11,843 5,610 6,233 15,563 6,024 9,540
Loan loss provisions 5,145 2,950 2,196 6,241 3,066 3,175
GLLP 822 513 309 933 523 410
Collaterals 5,526 1,454 4,072 7,407 1,308 6,100
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP(%) ! 90 719 101 88 73 97
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%)__! 97 88 105 94 81 102
NPL ratio (%) ? 27] 1.6 74 3.5 1.8 8.2

" Coverage ratio: total loan loss provisions, collateral (and GLLP) as a proportion of the default volume.

> NPL ratio: default volume (non-performing loans —NPL) _as a proportion of total exposure (EaD including NPL).

The default portfolio is divided into five classes based on the Table 28

nature of the default: EaD >0"30 >30"60 >60"90  >90 p™|

!m days days days days
‘| Rating class 6.1: Over 90 days past due. Core Bank 3,220 184 67 0 3,471
| Rating classes 6.2/6.3: Imminent insolvency, or the Bank is Non-Core Assets 348 97 32 0 478
assisting in financial rescue/r  estructuring measures at the Group 3,568 281 99 1 3,949

customer with restructuring contributions.
‘Y! Rating classes 6.4/6.5: The Ba nk recalls the loan and the

customer has become insolvent respectively.

Table 27 below shows the breakdown of the default portfolio

based on the five default classes:

Table 27
Rating classification 6.1 6.2/6.3 6.4/6.5 [ese]
as at 31.12.2014 | !m
Default volume 937 6,590 4,316 11,843
Loan loss provisions 213 2,552 2,381 5,145
Collaterals 717 (3,326 1,482 5,526
Coverage ratio excl. GLLP (%) 99 89 90 90

Overdrafts in the performing loan book
In order to avoid an increase in the default portfolio, overdrafts are
closely monitored at Commerzbank. In addition to the 90 days-
past-due trigger event, IT-based management of overdrafts starts

on the first day the account is overdrawn. Table 28 below shows
overdrafts outside the default port

default as at end of December 2014.

folio based on the exposure at

In 2014, total foreclosed assets decreased year-on-year by !34m

to !69m (additions 0, disposals !40m, cumulative change from
valuation !6m). All of these assets related to mortgages and were
allocated to our subs idiary Hypothekenbank Frankfurt. The
properties are serviced and managed in companies in which
Hypothekenbank Frankfurt owns a majority stake through
subsidiaries. This is normally HF Estate Management GmbH. The
aim is to increase the value and performance of the commercially-
focused real estate portfolio through HF Estates property
expertise so that the properties can be placed on the market again

in the short to medium term.

In 2013, Commerzbank founded a stand-alone restructuring
platform for ships, called Hanseatic Ship Asset Management
GmbH . This new company will acquire individual ships that have
potential, remove them from their existing, impaired credit
relationships, operate them on the new platform and sell them
when the market recovers. As at the end of 2014, the volume of
ships recognised as self-operated ships in the Banks tangible

assets was !232m.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Core Bank

The Core Bank comprises the segments Private Customers,
Mittelstandsbank, Central & Eastern Europe, Corporates & Markets

and Others and Consolidation.

Credit risk parameters
The Core Banks exposure in rating classes 1.0 to 5.8 as at 31
December 2014 rose to !355bn (31 December 2013: !323bn); risk

density decreased from 29 to 27 basis points.

Table 29

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk CVaR

as at 31.12.2014 at default loss density

!bn !m bp !m
Private Customers 88 183 21 944
Mittelstandsbank 134 398 30 3,861
Central & Eastern Europe 26 140 54 652
Corporates & Markets 60 179 30 ~=—-1,680
Others and Consolidation ! 47 45 10 925
Core Bank 355 944 27 8,064

' Mainly Treasury positions.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133 Market risk

137. Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

Some 80% of the Core Banks portfolio are allocated to the
investment-grade area, corresponding, on the basis of PD ratings,

to our internal rating classes 1.0 to 2.8.

Table 30

Rating breakdown 1.0—1.8 2.0—2.8 3.0—3.8 4.0—4.8 5.0—5.8

as at 31.12.2014

EaD | %

Private Customers 33 48 15 3 1
Mittelstandsbank 13 60 20 5 2
Central & Eastern

Europe 5 61 22 10 2
Corporates & Markets 51 39 8 1 2
Core Bank ! 31 49 15 4 1

' Including Others and Consolidation.

Loan loss provisions
Loan loss provisions in the Core Bank amounted to !490m in the
financial year 2014. The charge was therefore much lower than in

the previous year, falling by !175m.

Table 31
Loan loss provisions | !m Total Q4 Q3 Q2 Ql Total Q4 Q3 Q2 Ql
Private Customers 719 11 16 16 36 108 15 31 27 35
Mittelstandsbank 342 107 36 142 57 470 139 106 147 78
Central & Eastern Europe 123 27 37 38 21 119 36 41 36 6
Corporates & Markets 35 —41 0 5 9 57 55 43 H9 —26
Others and Consolidation 1 0 1 1 4 25 aol 28 Ho aoe
Core Bank 490 104 90 192 104 665 134 249 190 92
Default portfolio Table 32
The Core Bank s default portfolio was reduced further compared Default portfolio Core Bank | !m 31.12.2014 © 31.12.2013
with 31 December 2013, down by !414m. The Core Bank Default volume 5,610 6,024
benefited in this respect from outflows due to successful Loan loss provisions 2,950 3,066
restructurings and repayments, especially in the Corporates & GLLP 513 523
Markets and Private Customers segments. Collaterals 1,454 1,308
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 79 73
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 88 81

NPL ratio (%) 1.6 1.8

123

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

124

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Overdrafts in the performing loan book

Table 33 below shows the volume of overdrafts outside the default
portfolio based on the exposure at default as at end of December
2014:

Table 33
EaD >0"30 >30"60 >60"90 > 90
!m days days days days
Private
Customers 385 Sl 34 0 469
Mittelstandsbank 2,038 82 17 0 2,138
Central &
Eastern Europe 507 52 15 0 S75
Corporates &
Markets 289 0 0 0 289
Core Bank ! 3,220 184 67 0 3,471

' Including Others and Consolidation.

Private Customers

The Private Customers segment comprises the activities of Private
Customers, Direct Banking and Commerz Real. Private Customers
consists of Commerzbank s branch business in Germany for
private and business customers as well as Wealth Management.

The risks in the private customer business depend mainly on
the economic environment, trends in unemployment levels and
real estate prices. We manage ri___ sks by the use of defined lending
standards, active monitoring of new business, close observation of
the real estate market and IT-bas __ ed overdraft management, as well
as by other means. We also identify any irregularities in loans by
using selected triggers. These loans are dealt with in our area of

early risk identification.

Table 34

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk

as at 31.12.2014 at default loss density
!bn !m bp

Residential mortgage loans 51 88 17

Investment properties 5 7 13

Individual loans 13 36 28

Consumer and instalment

loans/credit cards 10 28 30

Domestic subsidiaries 4 8 23

Foreign subsidiaries and

other 6 15 24

Private Customers 88 183 21

We meet the financing needs of our customers with a broad
and modern product range. The focus of the portfolio is on
traditional owner-occupied home financing and the financing of
real estate capital investments (residential mortgage loans and
1 EaD of !56bn). We provide our

business customers with credit in the form of individual loans with

investment properties with a tota

a volume of !13bn. In addition, we meet our customers day-to-
day demand for credit with consumer loans (consumer and
instalment loans, credit cards to a total of !10bn).

There was continued growth in the private customer business,
particularly in residential mortgage loans, in the fourth quarter.
Risk density was reduced by 4 basis points compared with year-
end 2013 to stand at 21 basis points.

Loan loss provisions for private customer business fell by !29m
compared with the previous year, remaining at a very low level.

The default portfolio in the segment was reduced by !189m
compared with 31 December 2013.

Table 35
Default portfolio aaa 31.12.2013
Private Customers | !m
Default volume 754 943
Loan loss provisions 258 311
GLLP 113 121
Collaterals 361 445
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 82 80
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 97 93
NPL ratio (%) 0.8 1.1
Mittelstandsbank

This segment comprises all the Grou _ ps activities with mainly mid-
size corporate customers, the public sector and_ institutional
customers, where they are not assigned to other segments. The
segment is also responsible for the Groups relationships with
banks and financial institutions in Germany and abroad, as well as
with central banks. We are seeking further growth in German
corporate customers and international corporate customers
connected to Germany through thei r core business. Thus we are
investing in certain new markets. The risk appetite is oriented
towards the assessment of the rele vant sector, but also towards a
company s economic and competitive conditions. For each and
every exposure, we analyse the future viability of the company s

business model, its strategic direction and its creditworthiness.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Table 36

Credit risk parameters Exposure —_ Expected Risk

as at 31.12.2014 at default loss density
!bn !m bp

Corporates Domestic 86 258 30

Corporates International 20 39 20

Financial Institutions 28 101 36

Mittelstandsbank 134 398 30

The credit volume increased over the year, particularly as a result

of the credit initiative initiated | by Mittelstandsbank. Thus the EaD
in the Mittelstandsbank segment was increased by !13.6bn to
!134bn. The economic environmen t in Germany remains stable,
and this is reflected in the Corporates Domestic sub-portfolio s risk
parameters, which remain good. The risk density in this area was

30 basis points as at 31 December 2014. In Corporates Inter-
national, the EaD was !20bn as at 31 December 2014, and risk
density was 20 basis points. For details of developments in the
Financial Institutions portfolio please see page 130.

Loan loss provisions in Mittelstandsbank were !342m and
therefore much lower than the pr _—_evious years figure of !470m.
The reduction was largely attrib utable to smaller loan loss
provisions for new defaults.

The Mittelstandsb ank s default portfolio was reduced by a total
of !72m compared with 31 December 2013.

Table 37

Default portfolio Eee 31.12.2013
Mittelstandsbank | !m

Default volume 2,583 2,655
Loan loss provisions 1,429 1,487
GLLP 276 265
Collaterals 441 387
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 72 71
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 83 81
NPL ratio (%) 1.9 2.2

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

Central & Eastern Europe

The Central & Eastern Europe (CEE) segment contains the Group s
universal banking and direct banking activities in Central and
Eastern Europe. Since the merger of the previously separate
brands BRE Bank, Multibank and mBank (all of the BRE Bank
Group), to form a new mBank in the second half of 2013, the
segment has been represented by the single mBank brand. It
provides retail, corporate and investment banking services for
customers in Poland, and retail banking services for customers in
the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The Central & Eastern Europe
segment s strategic focus lies on organic growth in Polish small
and medium-sized businesses and private customer business in

mBank s core markets.

Table 38
Credit risk parameters Exposure —_ Expected Risk
as at 31.12.2014 at default loss density
!bn !m bp
Central & Eastern Europe 26 140 54

The EaD of the Central & Eastern Europe segment as at
31 December 2014 was almost unchanged year-on-year at !26bn.
Risk density in this area was 54 basis points as at 31 December
2014. The Swiss franc exposure is approximately !4bn. These are
mainly mortgage-secured engagements with private customers.
More details are given in the segment reporting of the Group
Management Report in the section Outlook for Central & Eastern
Europe .

The Central & Eastern Europe se gments loan loss provisions
rose slightly by !4m to !123m.

The default volume increased by !86m compared with
31 December 2013.

Table 39

Default portfolio

een 31.12.2013

Central & Eastern Europe | !m

Default volume 1,212 1,126
Loan loss provisions 604 517
GLLP 67 71
Collaterals 649 463
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 103 87
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 109 93

NPL ratio (%) 4.5 4.0

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Corporates & Markets

This segment covers client-driven capital market activities
(Markets) and commercial business with multinationals,
institutional clients and selected large corporate customers
(Corporates) of Commerzbank Group.

The regional focus of our activi ties in this segment is on
Germany and Western Europe, which account for just under three-
quarters of the exposure, while North America accounted for
around 14% at the end of December 2014. The EaD as at
December 2014 was !60bn, around !2bn above the figure as at
year-end 2013.

Table 40
Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk
as at 31.12.2014 at default loss density
!bn !m bp
Germany 19 85 46
Western Europe 25 59 24
Central and Eastern Europe 2 5 33
North America 9 11 12
Asia 3 4 15
Other 4 14 37
Corporates & Markets 60 179 30

Corporates & Markets provides its customers with long-term
support in all financial matters,es pecially through its underwriting
and issuances services (e.g. of equities, bonds, or syndicated

loans). Stringent guidelines and defined limits keep the

In the course of 2014 selective new purchases of bonds of the
asset classes consumer (auto) ABS, UK-RMBS and CLOs,
securitising corporate loans in the USA and Europe, were made.
This volume totalled !1.2bn at the end of 2014. In general, we
invest in bonds of senior tranches of securitisation transactions,
the structures of which showed low losses or a moderate risk
profile before, during and after the crisis. During the financial
crisis, CLOs and auto ABSs in particular remained stable in terms
of structure and performance. We focus particularly on the
development of the macroeconomic environment of the underlying
credit portfolio when we decide on new business, and continue to
do so when monitoring and extending existing business.

In contrast, the existing Structured Credit portfolio was
reduced by another !0.8bn to !6.5bn over the year. At the same
time the risk values ' fell by !0.8bn to !2.4bn. A large part of the
portfolio is still made up of CDOs _ securitising corporate loans in
the USA and Europe (CLOs) and US sub-prime RMBSs (CDOs on
ABSs), and of other structured credit positions made up of Total
Return Swap positions. RMBSs are instruments that securitise
private, largely European, real estate loans.

Loan loss provisions in the Corporates & Markets segment are
heavily influenced by movements in individual exposures. In the
2014 financial year, the segment once again benefited from
successful restructuring measures that resulted in the net release
of !55m in loan loss provisions. Loan loss provisions therefore
remained almost unchanged compared with the prior-year figure.

The default portfolio in the Corporates & Markets segment was
run down significantly by !251m year-on-year in 2014. This

reduction is attributable to successful restructurings and

underwriting risk for all product types under control. The positions repayments.

that remain on the Banks book _ s through its activity as lead

arranger or market maker are cl _—_ osely monitored from market and Table 41

credit risk perspectives as well as at counterparty and portfolio Denulunerole [ieimzaoial 31.12.2013

level. The increasing momentum in the leveraged buyout market Corporates & Markets | !m

in particular is currently very challenging for credit risk Default volume 972 1,223

management. Loan loss provisions 625 722
There is also a focus on close monitoring of counterparties GLLP 56 64

(such as banks and broker dealers) in countries with higher risks, Collaterals 3 14

particularly in terms of backed trading activities. The aim is to Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 65 60

continue supporting our customers in these countries and to focus Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 70 65

on supporting highly flexible business. The strategy of NPL ratio (%) 1.6 2.0

Corporates & Markets with large corporate customers in these

critical countries remains unchanged. Credit risk management is

focusing in particular on the increasingly critical geopolitical

situation in Russia and Ukraine at present.

" Risk value is the balance sheet value of cash instruments. For long CDS positions it comprises the nominal value of the referen ce

instrument less the net present value of the credit derivative.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Non-Core Assets

Commercial Real Estate (CRE), Deutsche Schiffsbank (DSB) and
Public Finance are bundled in the Non-Core Assets run-off
segment. The intention is that all these portfolios should be
completely wound down over time.

The exposure at default of the segment s performing loan book
totalled !78bn at the end of 2014, which is !28bn less than the

comparative figure for the NCA __ portfolio at the end of 2013.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133 Market risk

137. Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

Table 42

Credit risk parameters Exposure Expected Risk CVaR
as at 31.12.2014 at Default loss density

!bn !m bp !m
Commercial Real Estate 17 123 74
Deutsche Schiffsbank 9 325 354
Public Finance 52 105 20
Non-Core Assets 78 553 71 3,612

Loan loss provisions in the Non-Core Assets segment stood at
!654m, representing a substantial reduction of !428m compared

with the previous year.

Table 43
Loan loss provisions 1!m Total Q4 Q3 Q2 Ql Total Q4 Q3 Q2 Ql
Commercial Real Estate 73 1 82 72 62 491 139 73 240 38
Deutsche Schiffsbank 588 205 173 137 74 596 177 170 110 138
Public Finance aad 2 3 0 2 a) 0 0 3 2
Non-Core Assets 654 204 251 65 134 1,082 317 243 347 175

The default volume fell sharply compared with year-end 2013,
down !3.3bn. This decline is mainly attributable to portfolio
transactions, the sale of assets and back payments, actively

encompassed by the Bank.

Table 44

Default portfolio NCA
category LaR |!m

[Eee 31.12.2013

Default volume 6,233 9,540
Loan loss provisions 2,196 3,175
GLLP 309 410
Collaterals 4,072 6,100
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 101 97
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 105 102
NPL ratio (%) 14 8.2

Commercial Real Estate
Considerable reductions were ac _hieved in 2014, in part through

the systematic exploitation of market opportunities for
transactions, primarily at Hypothekenbank Frankfurt AG. The EaD
decreased by !13bn to !17bn, a significantly faster reduction than
predicted. The relative compositio _n of the performing portfolio by
type of uses remained unchan ged. The main components of
exposure continued to be the sub-portfolios retail (!6bn), office
(!Sbn) and residential real estate (!3bn). The significant decline in
exposure is amongst others attribut able to the sales of the entire
real estate financing portfolios in Spain and Japan and the sale of
large parts of the US portfolio.

The reduction in 2014 improved the risk profile and also
significantly simplified the complexity of the remaining CRE loan

portfolio.

127

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

128

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Unlike in the US, the economic recovery in the eurozone is
slow and heterogeneous. Nevertheless, the aim for 2015 is to
continue the value-preserving reduction strategy, with a focus on

reducing the higher-risk sub-portfolios.

Table 45

CRE portfolio by region

ead 31.12.2013

EaD | !bn

Germany 10 15
Western Europe 4 10
Central and Eastern Europe 2 3
North America 0 1
Other 0 1
Commercial Real Estate 17 30

Loan loss provisions in the Commer cial Real Estate Group division

were down year-on-year in 2014, fa _lling by !417m to the low level
of !73m. This figure includes one -off net releases of !112m due to
portfolio transactions recognised in the second quarter of 2014.
For 2015 we are expecting a mode rately higher net risk pro-
vision than in the previous year, which benefited from exceptional
circumstances as mentioned above.

The default portfolio for Commercial Real Estate was run down
by !2.3bn to !3.3bn compared with 31 December 2013. The main
drivers of the reduction were portfolio transactions, in particular
the sale of the real estate financing portfolio in Spain and the

default portfolio in Portugal.

Table 46

Default portfolio CRE | !m

31.12.2014 © 31.12.2013

Default volume 3,335 5,662
Loan loss provisions 900 1,882
GLLP 80 119
Collaterals 2,523 3,847
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 103 101
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 105 103

NPL ratio (%) 16.7 15.9

Deutsche Schiffsbank

Compared with 31 December 2013, exposure to ship finance in the
performing loan book fell from !10.5bn to !9.2bn as a result of
our asset reduction strategy. This portfolio reduction was achieved
despite an adverse foreign excha _ nge effect of !977m resulting
from the trend in the US dollar rate.

Our portfolio is mainly made up __ of financings of the following
three standard types of ship: containers (!3bn), tankers (!3bn)
and bulkers (!2bn). The rest of the portfolio consists of various
special tonnages which are well diversified across the various ship
segments.

The markets for container ships, bulkers and tankers continued
to be dominated by excess capacity during the year. However, the
level of ship values, after aclear consolidation of values for bulkers
and a slight positive trend in container ship values towards the end
of 2013, could not be maintained in 2014. There was, however, a
distinct increase in the value of _ tankers and of the number of them
being chartered in the course of 2014, and especially towards the
end of the year; this was a consequence of developments on the
crude oil markets.

We do not expect an overall, lasting market recovery across the
asset classes in 2015. In line with our strategy of reduction while
preserving value, we are continuing to steadily reduce risks in this
portfolio.

Loan loss provisions in the Deutsche Schiffsbank division stood
at !588m in 2014. The amount includes a net charge of !39m
arising from the regular annual vali _—_ dation of the general loan loss
provisions, which occurred in the fo —_urth quarter. Overall, loan loss
provisions in 2014 were slightly lower than in the previous year,
down !8m.

The default portfolio fell by !978m in the year under review,

which represents a significant reduction.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133 Market risk

137. Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

Table 47

BO .12.20183
Default portfolio DSB by ship type | !m Total Container Tanker Bulker Total
Default volume 2,893 1,534 609 311 3,871
Loan loss provisions 1,296 717 192 133 1,291
GLLP 224 133 46 30 281
Collaterals 1,549 697 384 218 2,252
Coverage ratio excluding GLLP (%) 98 96 95 113 92
Coverage ratio including GLLP (%) 106 105 102 123 99
NPL ratio (%) 24.0 31.4 20.0 13.5 27.0

Public Finance

In its NCA segment, Commerzbank brings together a large part of
its public finance business and secured and unsecured bond
issues/loans from banks, held available particularly as substitute
cover for Pfandbrief issues. The receivables and securities in the
Public Finance portfolio were previously largely held in our
subsidiaries | Hypothekenbank Frankfurt, © Hypothekenbank
Frankfurt International and Erste Europ ische Pfandbrief- und
Kommunalkreditbank (EEPK). The latter two subsidiaries were
merged into Erste Europische Pfandbrief- und Kommunal-
kreditbank as of 1 September 20 14. The management of the NCA
Public Finance portfolio is divi ded more or less equally between
the central segments Corporates & Markets and Group Treasury.

The borrowers in the Public Finance business in NCA (!43bn
EaD) are sovereigns, federal stat es, regions, cities and local
authorities as well as supranational institutions. The main
exposure is in Germany and Western Europe.

The remaining Public Finance portfolio in NCA is accounted for
by banks (!9bn EaD), with the focus likewise on Germany and
Western Europe. Most of the bank portfolio comprises securities
and loans which to a large extent are covered by
guarantee/maintenance obligations or other public guarantees, or

were issued in the form of covered bonds.

The Public Finance division also includes the private finance
initiative (PFI) portfolio. This business comprises the long-term
financing of public sector facilities and service companies, such as
hospitals and water utilities. Most of the PFI portfolio is secured,
and in accordance with the NCA st __rategy is set to be wound down
over time in a value-preserving manner.

The Public Finance portfolio in NCA was further run down by a
total of !14bn in 2014. The reduction included the transfer of
around !12bn of mainly German securities to the Core Bank for
liquidity management purposes and was also achieved through
active portfolio management measures and contractual maturities.

Once again, reversals of loan loss provisions were recognised
in Public Finance, almost unchanged year-on-year at !—7m. Write-
downs on securities are not recognised in loan loss provisions but
in net investment income.

The Public Finance default portfolio, at !5m, was almost

unchanged compared with the previous year.

129

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

130 Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Further portfolio analyses Corporates portfolio by sector
en A breakdown of the corporates exposure by sector is shown
The analyses below are independent of the existing segment below:

allocation. The positions shown are already contained in full in the

Group and segment presentations above.

Table 48
Corporates portfolio by sector Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density
!bn !m bp !bn !m bp
Energy/Environment 17 74 44 16 93 59
Transport/Tourism 13 26 21 11 23 22
Consumption 12 37 31 13 43 33
Wholesale 11 49 43 10 46 45
Basic materials/Metals 11 42 39 9 33 35
Mechanical engineering 9 26 28 8 19 25
Technology/Electrical industry 9 26 28 8 28 34
Services/Media 9 35 39 8 29 38
Chemicals/Plastics 9 54 63 8 50 62
Automotive 8 29 36 8 23 30
Construction 5 47 100 4 54 125
Pharma/Healthcare 4 10 23 4 6 18
Other 10 30 29 10 31 30
Total 127 487 38 117 480 41
Financial Institutions portfolio
As has been the case in previous quarters, when taking on new reduced in Public Finance business. We are closely monitoring
business we give preference to clients with a good credit rating. risks in Eastern European business arising from the conflict
Here we would highlight the trade finance activities performed on between Russia and Ukraine and taking them in to account by
behalf of our corporate customer _s in Mittelstandsb ank and capital stepping up our monitoring and management of portfolios.

market activities in Corporates & Markets. Risks have been further

Table 49
FI portfolio by region! Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

!bn !m bp !bn !m bp
Germany 11 6 5 14 8 5
Western Europe 26 54 21 26 62 24
Central and Eastern Europe 9 31 35 9 28 33
North America 2 2 9 1 1 7
Asia 13 37 29 12 29 24
Other 8 34 43 7 26 37
Total 69 165 24 69 154 22

' Excluding exceptional debtors.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Non-Bank Financial Institutions portfolio
Commerzbank is concentrating on the further optimisation of its
Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFI) portfolio and on attractive

new business with clients with good credit ratings. These are, on

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133 Market risk

137. Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

the whole, diversified insurance companies, asset managers and
regulated funds, with a regional focus on clients in Germany and

Western Europe.

Table 50
ee 31.12.2013
NBFI portfolio by region Exposure Expected Risk Exposure Expected Risk
at default loss density at default loss density

!bn !m bp !bn !m bp
Germany 8 18 22 9 16 18
Western Europe 17 32 19 15 35 23
Central and Eastern Europe 1 6 88 2 3 15
North America 8 5 6 8 17 23
Asia 1 1 11 1 1 12
Other 1 3 21 1 2 13
Total 37 65 18 36 74 20

Originator positions

Commerzbank and Hypothekenbank Frankfurt have in recent years
securitised receivables from loans to the Bank s customers with a
current volume of !5.5bn, primarily for capital management

purposes. In comparison with the pr evious quarter, a securitisation

of Mittelstand loans totalling !1.0bn was repaid. Risk exposures in
the amount of !4.2bn were retained as at 31 December 2014. By
far the largest portion of these positions is accounted for by
!4.0bn of senior tranches, which are nearly all rated good or very

good.

Table 51
Commerzbank volume _ !
Securitisation pool Maturity Senior Mezzanine First loss piece [marae | Total volume !
!bn 31.12.2013
Corporates 2020—2036 3.6 <0.1 <0.1 41 5.0
Banks 2015—2021 0.4 <0.1 <0.1 0.4 0.4
RMBS 2048 0.0 0.0 0.0 <0.1 0.1
CMBS 2046—2084 <0.1 <0.1 <0.1 1.0 2.0
Total 4.0 <0.1 <0.1 5.5 75

! Tranches/retentions (nominal): banking and trading book.

Conduit exposure and other asset-backed exposures

Commerzbank is the sponsor of the multiseller asset-backed
commercial paper conduit Silver Tower. It uses it to securitise
receivables from customers in the Mittelstandsbank and Corpo-
rates & Markets segments, mainly from trade and leasing. The
transactions are financed predominantly through the issue of
(ABCPs) or through the drawing

The volume and risk values in the

asset-backed commercial papers
of credit lines (liquidity lines).
Silver Tower conduit fell slightly by !0.2bn year-on-year in 2014,

and as at 31 December 2014 stood at !3.4bn.

The other asset-backed exposures comprise mainly govern-
ment-guaranteed ABSs issued by Hypothekenbank Frankfurt in the
Public Finance area. Here, the volume (!4.7bn) and the risk values

(!4.5bn) remained almost constant year-on-year.

131

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Forbearance portfolio
In October 2013 the European Banking Authority (EBA)
determined a new definition of forbearance by publication of
respective Implementing Technical Standards (ITS). EBAs
definition of forbearance comprises two requirements, which have
to be met concurrently: The debtor is in financial difficulties and
the measures of the bank to help the debtor include concessions to
the debtor, the bank wouldnt have agreed with under different
circumstances . This definition is independent from the debtor
being in the performing or the non-performing book. Concessions
are for example deferrals, increases in limits or loans and waivers
in connection with restructuring.

The following table shows the to tal forbearance portfolio of
Commerzbank on the basis of the new EBA definition as well as

the loan loss allowance for these positions:

Table 52

Forbearance portfolio Forborne Loan loss Coverage

by segment exposure allowance ratio
as at 31.12.2014 !m !m %
Private Customers 482 11 2
Mittelstandsbank 2,342 468 20
Central & Eastern

Europe 560 183 33
Corporates & Markets 880 272 31
Non-Core Assets 6,140 1,122 18
Group 10,405 2,056 20

The forbearance portfolio by region is as follows:

Table 53

Forbearance portfolio Forborne Loan loss Coverage
by region exposure allowance ratio
as at 31.12.2014 !m !m %
Germany 6,008 1,103 18
Western Europe 2,767 557 20
Central and Eastern

Europe 712 232 33
North America 315 63 20
Asia 127 26 21
Other 474 74 16
Group 10,405 2,056 20

In addition to the lo an loss allowance in the amount of !2,056m
the risks of the forbearance portfolio are covered by collaterals in
the amount of !4,503 m.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Market risk

Market risk is the risk of financial losses due to changes in market
prices (interest rates, commodities, credit spreads, exchange rates
and equity prices) or in paramete rs that affect prices such as
volatilities and correlations. Losses may impact profit or loss
directly, e.g. in the case of trading book positions. However, for
banking book positions they would be reflected in the revaluation

reserve or in hidden liabilities/reserves.

Strategy and organisation

Commerzbank s market risk strategy is derived from its overall risk
strategy and the business strategies of the individual segments.

It sets targets for market risk management in relation to
Commerzbank s main business activities. The core market risk
management tasks are the identification of all key market risks and

drivers of market risk for the Group and the independent
measurement and evaluation of these. The results and estimates

serve as the basis for Commerzbank Group s risk/return-oriented
management.

The Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank is
responsible for ensuring the effective management of market risk
throughout the Group. Specific levels of authority and responsibility
in relation to market risk management have been assigned to the
appropriate market risk committees.

Within the Bank, various market risk committees have been
established. In these, segmen tt representatives, along with
representatives from the risk function and finance area, discuss
current risk positioning issues and decide on appropriate action.
Chaired by the risk function, th e Group Market Risk Committee,
which meets monthly, deals with the Group s market risk position.
Discussions centre on the monthly market risk report which is also
presented to the Board of Managing Directors for their
consideration. The report summarises the latest developments on
financial markets, the Banks positioning and subsequent risk
ratios. The Segment Market Risk Committee, which focuses on the
trading-intensive Corporates & Markets and Treasury segments,
meets once a week. This committee also manages market risks
arising from non-core activities (Non-Core Assets).

The risk management process involves the identification,
measurement, management, and monitoring of risks and reporting
on them. It is the responsibility in functional terms of market risk
management, which is independent of trading activities. Central
market risk management is complemented by decentralised
market risk management units at segment level and for regional

units and subsidiaries. The close integration of central and local

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 133

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133 Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

risk management with the business units means that the risk
management process starts in the trading areas themselves. The
trading units are responsible in particular for the active
management of market risk positions, e.g. reduction measures or

hedging.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of quantitative and qualitative

tools to manage and monitor market risk. Quantitative limits for
sensitivities, value at risk, stress tests, scenario analyses and ratios

on economic capital limit the market risk. Our comprehensive
rulebook, in the form of market risk policies and guidelines as well

as restrictions on portfolio structure, new products, maturities and
minimum ratings, establishes the qualitative framework for market
risk management. The market ri sk strategy lays down the
weighting of figures in each segment by reference to their
relevance. Thereby allowance is made for the varying impact of
the parameters for the management of the segments in line with
the business strategy.

Market risk is managed internally at Group level, segment level
and in the segments reporting units. A comprehensive internal
limit system broken down to po _rtfolio level is implemented and
forms a core part of internal market risk management.

The quantitative and qualitative factors limiting market price
risk are determined by the market risk committees by reference to
the Group s management of economic capital. The utilisation of
these limits, together with the relevant net income figures, is
reported daily to the Board of Managing Directors and the
responsible heads of the business segments. Based on qualitative
analyses and quantitative ratios, the market risk function identifies
potential future risks, anticipates, in collaboration with the finance
function, potential financial losses, and draws up proposals for
further action, which are discussed with the market units. Voting
on the proposed measures or risk positions takes place in the
above mentioned market risk committees and is subsequently
submitted to the Board of Managing Directors for approval.

Risk concentrations are restricted directly with specific limits or
are indirectly avoided, for example _, using stress test limits. In
addition, the combination of various conventional risk measures
(e.g. VaR, sensitivities) ensures the appropriate management of
concentration risks. Furthermore, risk drivers are analysed on a
regular basis in order to identify concentrations. The risk
management of existing concentrations is also reviewed using
situation-driven analyses and, where necessary, supplemented by

targeted measures, such as limits.

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

A standardised value at risk mode _| incorporating all positions is
used for the internal management of market risk. The VaR
quantifies the potential loss from financial instruments as a result
of changed market conditions over a predefined time horizon and
with a specific probability. For internal management purposes, a
confidence level of 97,5% and a holding period of one day are
assumed. The value at risk concept makes it possible to compare
risks over a variety of business areas. It enables many positions to
be aggregated, taking account of correlations between different
assets. This ensures a consolidated view of the market risk at all
times.

A ten-day holding period and confidence level of 99% are used
for regulatory capital adequacy requirements. These assumptions
meet the requirements of the Basel Committee and other
international market risk management standards. For certain
evaluations, such as backtesting and disclosure, the VaR is also
calculated on the basis of a one-day holding period. In order to
provide for consistent presentati on in this report, all figures
relating to VaR are based on a confidence level of 99% and a
holding period of one day.

In internal management, all posi tions relevant to market risk
are covered and trading and banking book positions are jointly
managed. For regulatory purposes, additional stand-alone
management of the trading book is carried out (that is in
accordance with regulatory requ _—irements, including currency and
commodity risks in the banking book). The VaR for the trading
book remained constant compared with the previous year. The
VaR for the overall book increased by !18m to !98m. The increase
was mainly caused by position changes in Mittelstandsbank, in
which receivables were converted into an equity position as part of
a restructuring operation. Position changes in the Treasury also

contributed to the increase in VaR.

Trading book

Over the course of the year, value at risk remained stable at !16m.
However, the average for the year, at !15m, was lower than the

previous year s figure of !21m.

Table 55

VaR of portfolios in the
trading book !|!m

Minimum 11 13

Mean 15 21

Maximum 37 34

VaR at year-end 16 16
' 99% confidence level, holding period 1 day, equally-weighted market data,

254 days history.

The market risk profile is diversified across all asset classes. The
dominant asset classes are foreign exchange risks and credit
spread risks, followed by interest rate risks. Interest rate risk also
contains basis and inflation risk. Basis risk arises if, for example,
positions are closed through hedging transactions with a different
type of price setting than _ the underlying transaction.

The VaR trend in 2014 shows an _ increase in foreign exchange
risks. The increase resulted from the adjusted depiction of the
currency risks to which the pension fund is exposed. Position
changes in the various divisions and increased volatility on the
currency markets were also contributory factors. Credit spread
risks declined slightly in 2014. Co mpared with the preceding year,

the other risk types have remained stable.

Table 56

VaR contribution by risk type in the
trading book !|!m

ima 31.12.2013

Credit spreads

Interest rates

Equities

wlyfwl]r

FX

Table 54
VaR contribution | !m 31.12.2014 31.12.2013
Overall book 98 80
thereof trading book 16 16
' 99% confidence level, holding period 1 day, equally-weighted market data,

254 days history.

Commodities

DAlelulnfjuojlun

Total 1 16

' 99% confidence level, holding period 1 day, equally-weighted market data,
254 days history.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Further risk ratios are being calculated for regulatory capital
adequacy. This includes in particular the calculation of stressed
VaR. On the basis of the VaR method described above, stressed
VaR evaluates the present position in the trading book by
reference to market movements from a specified crisis period in
the past. Stressed VaR on the reporting date was !38m,
representing an increase of !1 2m compared with year-end 2013.
The crisis observation period used is checked regularly through
model validation and approval processes and adjusted where
necessary. The crisis observation period was not changed in the
course of the year.

In addition, the incremental risk charge and the equity event
VaR ratios quantify the risk of deterioration in creditworthiness
and event risks in trading book positions.

The reliability of the internal mo del is monitored by backtesting
on a daily basis. The VaR calculated is set against actually
occurring profits and losses. The process draws a distinction
between clean P&L and dirty P& L backtesting. In the former,
for the profit and loss calculation exactly the same positions are
used as were used for calculating the VaR, so that the profits and
losses result only from the price changes that occurred on the
market. In dirty P&L-backtesting, by contrast, profits and losses
from newly concluded and expired transactions from the day
under consideration are included. If the resulting loss exceeds the
VaR, it is described as a negative backtesting outlier.

Analysing the results of backtesting provides an informative
basis for checking parameters and for improving the market risk
model. In 2014, we saw no negative outliers in the clean P&L and
dirty P&L process. As such, the results are in line with statistical
expectations and confirm the quality of the VaR model.
Backtesting is also used by the supervisory authorities for
evaluating internal risk models. Ne _ gative outliers ar e classified by
means of a traffic-light system laid down by the supervisory
authorities. All negative backtesting outliers at Group level (from
both clean P&L and dirty P&L) must be reported to the supervisory
authorities, citing their extent and cause.

As the VaR concept gives a predicti _ on of potential losses on the
assumption of normal market conditions, it is supplemented by the
calculation of stress tests. These stress tests measure the risk to
which Commerzbank is exposed, based on unlikely but still
plausible events. These events may be simulated using extreme
movements on various financial ma _rkets. The key scenarios relate
to major changes in credit spreads, interest rates and yield curves,
exchange rates, share prices and commodities prices. Events
simulated in stress tests include all stock prices falling by 15%, a
parallel shift in the interest rate curve or changes to the curve s
gradient. Extensive Group-wide stress tests and scenario analyses

are carried out as part of risk monitoring.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 135

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133 Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

The VaR and stress test models are validated regularly. In 2014,
model adjustments were implemented that further improved the

accuracy of risk measurement.

Banking book

The key drivers of market risk in the banking book are the credit
spread risks in the area of Non-Core Assets — Public Finance,
including the positions held by the subsidiaries Hypothekenbank
Frankfurt and Erste Europ ische Pfandbrief- und
Kommunalkreditbank (EEPK). We are continuing systematically
with the downsizing strategy that we have followed rigorously in
this area for many years. The Treasury portfolios with their credit
spread risk, interest rate risk and basis risk also influence the
market risk in the banking book.

The diagram below documents the development of credit
spread sensitivities for all securities and derivative positions
(excluding loans) in the Commerzbank Groups banking book.
Credit spread sensitiv ities increased over the course of 2014 to
stand at !63m by the end of the year. This development was
caused by the marked fall in interest rates and credit spreads over
the year, which pushed up market values in the bond portfolio and
thus made credit spreads more sensitive. In addition, changes in
Treasury exposures led to higher credit spread sensitivities.

Most credit spread sensitivities relate to securities positions
classified as loans and receivables (LaR). Changes in market price
have no impact on the revaluation reserve or the income statement

for these positions.

Figure 10

Credit spread sensitivities
Downshift 1 bp | !m

EE 66
December 2011

ss
December 2012
52

December 2013
683
December 2014

The impact of an interest rate shock on the economic value of the
Group s banking books is simulated monthly in compliance with
In accordance with the

regulatory requirements.

the Federal

Banking

Directive, Financ ial Supervisory Authority has
prescribed two uniform, sudden and unexpected changes in
interest rates (+/—200 ba sis points) to be used by all banks, which

have to report on the results of this stress test every quarter.

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

On this basis, the interest rate shift of +200 basis points would
give a potential loss of !1,442m, and the shift of —200 basis points
a potential gain of !751m as at 31 December 2014. These figures
include the exposures of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and
significant subsidiaries.

Pension fund risk is also part of market risk in the banking
book. Our pension fund portfolio comprises a well-diversified
investment section and the section of insurance-related liabilities.
The duration of the liabilities is extremely long (cash outflows
modelled over almost 90 years) and the main portion of the overall
portfolio s present value risk is in maturities of 15 and more years.
Main risk drivers are long-term euro interest rates, credit spreads
and expected euro inflation due to anticipated pension dynamics.
Equity, volatility and currency risk also need to be taken into
consideration. Diversification effects between individual risks
reduce overall risk. The extremely long maturities of these
liabilities represent the greatest challenge, particularly for hedging
credit spread risk. This is because there is insufficient liquidity in

the market for corresponding hedging products.

Market liquidity risk

In taking steps to ensure economic capital adequacy,
Commerzbank also considers market liquidity risk. It is defined as
the risk of the Bank not being able to liquidate or hedge risky
positions in a timely manner, to the desired extent and on
acceptable terms as aresult of in sufficient liquidity in the market.
We first create a realistic downsi zing profile for each portfolio
on the basis of its product and risk strategies and an assessment of
the market. This enables the portfolios to be classified in terms of
their convertibility into cash us ing a market liquidity factor. The
market liquidity factor takes into account the height ened volatility
of the portfolio value resulting from the extended holding period
for risk positions in line with the downsizing profile. The market
risk based on a one-year view is weighted with the market liquidity
factor to calculate the market liquidity risk.
At the end of 2014, Commerzbank earmarked !0.1bn in
economic capital to cover market liquidity risk in the trading and
banking book. Asset-backed securities and structured products in

particular showed higher market liquidity risk.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Liquidity risk

We define liquidity risk in a narrower sense as the risk that
Commerzbank will be unable tom __ eet its payment obligations on a
day-to-day basis. In a broader sense, liquidity risk describes the
risk that future payments cannot be funded to the full amount, in
the required currency or at standard market conditions, as and

when they are due.

Strategy and organisation

The Board of Managing Directors —_ adopts the business strategy and
the Bank s risk tolerance, which is associated with it. Liquidity risk
tolerance is then operationalised by defining the liquidity reserve
period and the limit framework. In order to ensure an appropriate
liquidity risk management process, the Board of Managing
Directors delegates certain competences and responsibilities in
connection with the Group-wide liqu _idity risk strategy to the Risk
and Treasury functions.

The central Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) is responsible for
limiting, analysing and monitoring liquidity risk and for strategic
liquidity positioning. In this, it is supported by the Liquidity
Review Forum (LRF) and the Risk function.

Risk management

Commerzbank uses a wide range of tools to manage and monitor
liquidity risks on the basis of its own liquidity risk model. The
stress scenario within the Bank that underlies the model and is
relevant for management purposes allows for the impact of both a
bank-specific stress event and a broader market crisis. Binding
regulatory requirements are an integral component of the
management mechanism.

Group Treasury is responsible for the Groups liquidity
management operations. Group Treasury is represented in all
major locations of the Group in Germany and abroad and has
reporting lines into all subsidiaries. Additional information on this
subject can be found in the section Funding and Liquidity of
Commerzbank Group in the Group Management Report. Liquidity
risk is monitored on the basis of the Bank s own liquidity risk
model by the independent risk function.

The Bank has established early warning indicators for the
purpose of managing liquidity risk. These ensure that appropriate
steps can be taken in good time to secure long-term financial

solidity.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 137

109 Executive summary 201

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137 Liquidity risk

139 Operational risk

140 Other risks

Risk concentrations can lead to increased outflows of liquidity,
particularly in a stress situation, and thus to increased liquidity risk.
They can, for example, occur with regard to maturities, large
individual creditors or currencies. By means of ongoing monitoring
and reporting, emerging risk concentrations in funding can be
recognised in a timely manner and mitigated through suitable
measures.

In the event of a liquidity crisis, the emergency plan provides
for various measures for different types of crisis that can be
launched by the central ALCO. The emergency plan forms an
integral part of Commerzbank s recovery plan and is updated
annually. It enables a clear allocation of responsibility for the
processes to be followed in emer gency situations as well as the

adequate definition of any action that may need to be taken.

Quantification and stress testing
In 2014, Commerzbank revised its liquidity risk framework,

adapting it to current business and regulatory conditions.
Important features of this include the new methodology and
parameterisation of the liquidity risk modelling, taking into account
regulatory requirements and adjusted limits. The combination of
modelling and limits results in th e quantitative structuring of our
liquidity risk tolerance, which is in line with the overall risk
strategy.

The liquidity gap profile is shown for the whole of the
modelling horizon across the full spectrum of maturities. Thereby
the liquidity gap profile follows a multi-level concep t. The levels 1
to 5 include deterministic and modelled cash flows of existing
business while planned new business is considered in the calculus
on levels 6 and 7. Limitation occu rs on level 5. The processes of
producing and analysing the liquidity gap profile have been
significantly improved by redesigning the IT infrastructure. In
addition, the management of the regulatory liqu idity coverage
ratio (LCR) has been inte grated into the liquidity risk model. Based
on the new methodology of the liquidity gap profile, management
mechanisms such as recovery and early warning indicators have
been adjusted and supplemented.

Furthermore, hard limits are defined for the time horizon of up
to one year, although for time horizons of over a year there are
review triggers to limit the liquid ity risk in line with our funding
capacity. The Group limits are broken down into individual

currencies and Group units.

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

138

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

In 2014, Commerzbank s_ internal liquidity risk ratios were
always above the limit set by the Board of Managing Directors.
The same is true of compliance with the survival period calculation
set down by MaRisk and with — the external regulatory German
Liquidity Regulation. At the end

stood at 1.37.

of the year, the liquidity ratio

Significant factors in liquidity risk tolerance include the reserve
period, the size of the liquidity reserve portfolio held to
compensate for unexpected short- term liquidity outflows, and the
limits in the various maturity bands.

The liquidity reserve portfolio is maintained and monitored
separately by the Treasury. This ensures that it functions as a
buffer in stress situations. The liquidity reserve portfolio is funded
in line with liquidity risk tolerance __ in order to ensure that it is kept
at the required size throughout the reserve period stipulated by
the Board of Managing Directors.

Based on its internal liquidity model, which uses conservative
assumptions, at the end of the period the Bank had available
excess liquidity of up to !83.4bn in the maturity band for up to
lday. Of this, !48.6bn is held in a separate liquidity reserve

portfolio managed by Group Treasury to cover liquidity outflows

should a stress event occur and ensure solvency at all times. When
simulating the existing expo sures under the current model
assumptions, a liquidity shortage would only occur after 7 years,
whereas the limitation of the in ternal model would already allow
for a term transformation position in the maturity band of over
1 year.

In addition, the Bank operates a so-called intraday liquidity
reserve portfolio in the amount of !9.7bn.

The main liquidity risk drivers underlying the stress scenario
are a markedly increased outflow of short-term customer deposits,
above-average drawdown of credit lines, extensions of lending
business regarded as commercially necessary, the need to provide
additional collateral for secured transactions and the application of
higher risk discounts to the liquidation values of assets. The
internal liquidity risk model is complemented by the regular
analysis of additional inverse stress scenarios.

The management of liquidity risk has been further improved by
the introduction of causality-base _—_d cost allocation, made possible

by internal liquidity cost allocation.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Operational risk

Based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR),
Commerzbank defines operational risk (OpRisk) as the risk of loss
resulting from the inadequacy or failure of internal processes,
people and systems or from external events. This definition
includes legal risks; it does not cover reputational or strategic

risks.

Strategy and organisation

Within Commerzbank, OpRisk and governance issues of the
Internal Control System (ICS) ar
both

e closely connected in terms of

organisational structure and methodology and are
continuously being enhanced. This is because many OpRisk cases
are closely linked with failures in the control mechanisms. A
properly functioning ICS thereby helps to reduce or avoid losses
from operational risks and thus to lower the amount of capital
required to cover operational risk —_s in the medium to long term.
Conversely, the operational risk management systems enable the

ICS to adapt itself consistently to them. The reinforcement of

the ICS structure is an essential aspect of the pro-active
reduction/prevention of operational risks.

Chaired by the CRO, the Group OpRisk Committee meets four
times a year and deals with the management of operational risks
within Commerzbank Group. It al so acts as the escalation and
decision-making committee for key OpRisk topics that span all
OpRisk

management of operational risk in the relevant units. They

areas. The Segment Committees deal with the
conduct structured analyses of all OpRisk issues that affect them,

such as loss events, and define subsequent measures or
recommend action.

Commerzbank s OpRisk strategy is approved on an annual
basis by the Board of Managing Directors after it has been
discussed and voted upon in the Group OpRisk Committee. It
describes the risk profile, key elements of the desired risk culture,
its management framework and measures to be taken by the Bank
to manage operational risk.

As such, OpRisk management is based on three consecutive
levels (three lines of defence) which, when taken together, are

crucial for reaching th_e given strategic aims.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 139

109 Executive summary 201

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 I

133. Market risk

137
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

Default risk

Liquidity risk

The segments and the management/service units form the first
line of defence. They have direct responsibility for identifying and
managing operational risk in their areas of responsibility and
provide effective and prompt risk management.

The OpRisk & ICS area as the second line of defence provides
uniform and binding methods and systems to the Bank s units to
help to identify, eval uate and monitor operational risk. These are
used throughout the tools and

Group, supplemented by

regulations of other monitoring functions and used to mitigate
operational risk.

Internal and external control bodies, such as the internal
auditors and the financial auditor , are the third line of defence.
They are entrusted with the inde _ pendent auditing of OpRisk and

ICS methodologies and theirim —_ plementation at Commerzbank.

Risk management

Commerzbank takes an active approach to managing operational
risk, aiming to systematically identify OpRisk profiles and risk
concentrations and to define, prioritise and implement risk
mitigation measures.

Operational risks are characterised by asymmetric distribution
of losses, so that most of the lo — sses are relatively small, while
isolated losses with a very low probability of occurrence have the
potential to be large and devastating. This makes it necessary not
only to limit the high loss potentia _1 but also to pro-actively manage
losses that can be expected to occur frequently.

To do this, Commerzbank has set up a multi-stage system that
brings together the defined limits on economic capital (risk
capacity) and those set for operational risk management during
the year (risk appetite/tolerance). It is complemented by rules on
the transparent and conscious acceptance and approval of
individual risks (risk acceptance).

Commerzbank uses the advanced measurement approach
(AMA) to measure regulatory and economic capital for operational
risks. Risk-weighted assets from operational risks on this basis
amounted to !21.6bn at the end of 2014 (31 December 2013:
!22.9bn), !1.8bn

(31 December 2013: !1.9bn).

while economically required capital was

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

The following table gives an overview on risk-weighted assets

(RWA) and the economically required capital (ErC) by segment:

Table 57
tbn 31422014 31.12.2013
RWA ErC RWA ErC
Private Customers 9.0 0.8 9.9 0.8
Mittelstandsbank 3.3 0.3 3.7 0.3
Central & Eastern Europe 0.4 0.0 0.5 0.0
Corporates & Markets 47 0.4 5.0 0.4
Non-Core Assets 1.3 0.1 1.2 0.1
Others and Consolidation 2.9 0.2 2.6 0.2
Group 21.6 1.8 22.9 1.9

Other risks

To meet the requirements of pillar 2 of the Basel framework,
MaRisk insists on an integrated approach to risk that also includes
unquantifiable risk categories. At Commerzbank, these are
subjected to a qualitative management and control process. The
following risk types except model risk are outside the

responsibility of the CRO.

Legal risk

According to CRR, legal risk fa lls within the definition of
operational risk. It primarily arises for Commerzbank Group when

the Banks claims cannot be enforced for legal reasons or when
claims can be made against the Bank because the underlying law

was not observed or has changed since a transaction was
concluded.

The operation of banking and financial services transactions
that are subject to regulatory prov __isions may also result in legal
risk. This risk may also take the form of orders or sanctions issued
or imposed by one or more authorities whose supervision
Commerzbank is subject to anywhere in the world. Legal risk also
arises in realised losses or provisions due to or in connection with
court cases brought against Commerzbank (passive proceedings).
Cases brought by Commerzbank (active proceedings) generally
represent a credit risk rather than an operational risk, so the risk
of loss is already taken into account through write-downs.
However, the costs of legal action (court and lawyers costs) for

active proceedings are classified as legal risk.

OpRisk management includes an annual evaluation of the Bank s
ICS and of the risk scenario assessments. Furthermore, OpRisk
loss events are subjected to ongoing analysis and to ICS
backtesting on an event-driven basis. Where loss events involve
"1m, lessons learned activities are carried out. External OpRisk
events at competitors are also systematically evaluated.

A structured, centralised and decentralised reporting system
ensures that the management of the Bank and its segments,
members of the OpRisk Committees and the supervisory bodies
are informed regularly, promptly and fully about operational risk.
OpRisk reports are prepared on a monthly and quarterly basis and
form part of the risk reporting process to the Board of Managing
Directors and to the Risk Commi  ttee of the Supervisory Board.
They contain the latest risk assessments of the segments, their
main loss events, current risk analyses, changes in the capital

requirement and the status of measures implemented.

Organisation
Within Commerzbank, the management of legal risk throughout
the Group is the responsibility of Group Legal.

All legal staff at the various Gr oup Legal locations, the legal
staff of the legal departments of the domestic and foreign
subsidiaries and — where available — the legal staff in foreign
branches are legal risk managers with the task of identifying and
managing legal risk within Commerzbank worldwide and

throughout the Group.

Risk management

The task of the Group s legal risk = managers is to detect legal risks
and all losses potentially resulting from them at an early stage, to
highlight possible solu tions that might avoid or minimise such
losses, and to play an active part in reaching decisions concerning
legal risks. They must ensure that they are always up to date with

all legal changes or new findings wi __ thin their area of responsibility
and inform the business units affected about the impact on legal
risk and any action that need _ s to be taken as a result.

The legal risk managers are responsible for arranging or
adjusting legal provisions and look after and monitor new and
ongoing court proceedings.

In the case of passive proceedings provisions are recognised on
the basis of the risk assessment carried out by the responsible
legal risk manager. The expected risk of loss for proceedings
generally corresponds to the size of the provisions to be
recognised. To estimate the expe —cted loss, the amount that the
Bank would reasonably have to pay to settle the dispute at the

current point in time should be calculated after each significant
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

stage in the proceedings. In the case of active proceedings
provisions are usually only recognised for the expected court and
lawyers costs.

Group Legal provides information about all major court
proceedings and risk trends in the quarterly Legal Risk Report.
This report is sent to the Banks management, internal and

external supervisory bodies and the OpRisk Committee.

Current developments

Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft and its subsidiaries are involved
in a variety of court and arbitration cases, claims and official
investigations (legal proceedings) in connection with a broad
range of issues. They include, for example, allegations of defective
advice, disputes in connection with credit finance, investigations
by US authorities, including amongs __ t others breaches of sanctions,
disputes concerning the payment of variable elements of
remuneration, entitlements to o — ccupational pensions, allegedly
false accounting and incorrect fi nancial statements, tax claims,
allegedly incorrect prospectuses in connection with underwriting
transactions, and cases brought by shareholders and other
investors. In addition, changes to rulings by supreme courts,
which may render them more restrictive, in private customers
business and elsewhere, may result in more claims being brought
against Commerzbank or its subsidiaries. In most of these court
cases, claimants are asking for the payment of compensation or
the reversal of agreements already entered into. If the courts were

to find in favour of one or more of the claimants in these cases,
Commerzbank could be liable to pay compensation, which could in
some cases be substantial, or could incur the expense of reversing
agreements or of other cost-intensive measures. Some of these
cases could also have an impact on the reputation of Commerzbank

and of its subsidiaries. The Group builds up reserves for such
proceedings if and insofar as liabilities are likely to result from
them and the amounts to which it is likely to be liable can be
sufficiently accurately determined. As there are considerable
uncertainties as to how such proceedings will develop, the
possibility cannot be excluded that some of the reserves created for

them prove to be inadequate on ce the courts final rulings are
known. As a result, substantial additional expense may be incurred.
This is also true in the case of legal proceedings for which the

Group did not consider it necessary to create reserves. The

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

eventual outcome of some legal proceedings migh have an impact
on Commerzbank s results and cashflow in a specified reporting
period, in the worst case it can not be fully precluded that the
liabilities that might result from them will have any long-term impact
on Commerzbank s earnings performance, assets and financial
position. Further information on legal proceedings may be found in
Note (68) regarding provisions and Note (87) regarding contingent
liabilities and irrevocable lending commitments in the Group

Financial Statements.

Reputational risk

Reputational risk is the risk that stakeholders may lose
confidence in Commerzbank or that its reputation may be
damaged as a result of negative ev ents in its business activities.
Commerzbank s stakeholder groups include in particular the
public and the media, non-governmental organisations and its
customers. In the present-day competitive environment, a
company s reputation is becoming more and more important. One

of the factors determining it is the Banks handling of
sustainability considerations in its core business (intrinsic
reputational risks). Companies are judged not only on the basis of
peoples personal experiences of them, but also of reports
reaching the public, especially through the media. Therefore
reputational risk goes hand in hand with communication risk.
Strategy and organisation

The segments and significant subsidiaries bear direct responsibility
for reputational risk resulting from their particular business activity.
The Reputational Risk Management department is part of the
central Group Communications division of Commerzbank Group
and focuses on intrinsic reputational risk that may directly lead to
reputational damage for stakeholder groups. As such, Reputational
Risk Management is the responsibility of the Chairman of the Board
of Managing Directors and maintains close links with the relevant
market units. It is a component of Commerzbank s overall risk
strategy and is subject to internal and external reviews. Its task is to
identify, evaluate and address intrinsic reputational risk in
systematic processes at an early stage and suggest or implement

appropriate measures (early warning function).

141

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

142

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Risk management

Managing intrinsic reputational risk means identifying potential
environmental, social and ethica 1 risks at an early stage and
reacting to them in order to re —_ duce any potential communication
risk or even preventing it completely. Intrinsic reputational risk is
managed by means of a qualitative approach. As part of a
structured process, transactions, products and customer
relationships in connection with sensitive areas are assessed with
reference to environmental, social and ethical risks on a qualitative
five-point scale. Depending on the outcome they may be assessed
unfavourably or have conditions imposed on them or even be
rejected outright.

The sensitive areas regularly and comprehensively analysed in
Reputational Risk Management include e.g. export trades in the
armaments industry and products and customer relationships
relating to power generation and commodities extraction.
Commerzbank s attitude towards these areas is laid down in
positions and guidelines that are binding for all employees.
Commerzbank s_ Reputational Risk Management department
regularly observes and analyses new environmental, ethical and
social issues and forwards them to the relevant parts of the Bank.

The reputational risks identified and addressed by the department
are incorporated into the quarterly report on non-quantifiable risks

prepared for the Supervisory Board s Risk Committee.

Compliance risk

Compliance means conforming to th __ e provisions of the law and to
regulatory requirements as well as maintaining other, largely
ethical, standards and commitments. The risk that may arise from

the failure to adhere to key lega _1 regulations and requirements is
referred to as compliance risk.

The confidence of our customers, shareholders and business
partners that Commerzbank acts properly and legitimately forms
the foundation of our business activities. The aim is therefore to
ensure that key legal regulations and requirements are adhered to
by having an appropriate and effectively structured compliance
management system in place. Compliance risks may be either
quantifiable or non-quantifiable risks. They therefore cannot be
fully subsumed either under operational risks or under
reputational risks. According to the business targets, Group
Compliance is responsible for the overall management of
compliance risk.

In our overarching and Group-wide approach to risk
management, we aim to detect at an early stage any risks that
could undermine the integrity and therefore the success of
Commerzbank, and to manage these risks appropriately.

Compliance risk is managed in line with the three lines of

defence model.

The segments as well as the management and service units
form the first line of defence in accordance with their operational
responsibility. They are directly responsible for identifying and
managing compliance risk in their areas of responsibility and
provide effective and prompt risk management, complying with
the prescribed risk standards and policies. Group Compliance
forms the second line of defence for the overarching management
of compliance risks. Internal cont __ rol bodies, e.g. internal auditing,
are the third line of defence. They examine the effectiveness of the
first and second lines actions.

We are constantly developing our compliance risk management
system in order to meet our responsibilities and cope with the
growing complexity and increasing regulatory requirements,
thereby enabling us to ensure long-term business success. In this
context, the Board of Managing Directors has started with a
Group-wide project to optimise compliance measures. The project
particularly aims at the implementation of a framework to define
and operationalise the risk appetite for compliance risks. Besides
the risk-bearing capacity, which monitors the ability to absorb
risks up to a certain level, the ri sk appetite defines the willingness
to take risks in the business areas considering the regulatory

requirements relating to compliance risks.

IT risk

IT risk is a form of operational risk. Our own definition of IT risk
includes risks to the security of information processed in our
systems in terms of meeting the four IT protection targets set out
below:

Confidentiality : Information is confidential if it is not accessible
to, or capable of being reconstructed by, unauthorised persons,
business processes or IT systems.

Integrity : Information possesses integrity if it has not been
modified or destroyed by any unauthorised means. An infor-
mation-processing system (an IT system) possesses integrity if it
can perform its intended functions without hindrance and free of
unauthorised manipulations, whether deliberate or accidental.

Traceabilit y: Actions and technologies applied to information
are traceable if they themselves and their source can be traced
back without any ambiguity.

Availability : Information is available if it is always capable of
being used to a predefined extend by authorised persons, business
processes and IT systems when it is required.

Commerzbank attaches great impo _rtance to the protection and
security of its own information, of that entrusted to it by
customers, and of the business processes and systems used to
process it. They form a permanent core element in our IT strategy.

The processing of information is based increasingly on
information technologies. Correspondingly, our requirements on

IT-security are essential when managing information security.
To our Shareholders Corporate Responsibility Management Report

Information security requirements are based on the IT protection
targets referred to above and are set down in policies and
procedural instructions.

IT risks are identified, evaluated and regularly reviewed as part
of IT governance processes. IT risk is covered in the quarterly IT
risk report. Information security is also established as a principal
objective for our Internal Control System.

In addition, the most important IT risks are being evaluated in
the framework of operational risk management through risk
scenarios and considered in the Banks RWA calculation. This
includes the risk of a breakdown of critical IT, the risk of externals
attacking the systems or data of the Bank (cyber crime), the theft
of corporate data or the default of service providers and vendors.

Given the major importance of IT security to Commerzbank, it
is continually further developed and improved by means of
strategic projects about which the Board is kept informed on a
regular basis. In this context, a uniform IT risk management
process has been established in 2014. In addition, the department
IT Risk Management as part of GS-IT was newly-created to
strengthen the IT risk management.

Further tightening-up of the existing information security

control structure is planned for 2015.

Human resources risk

Human resources risk falls within the definition of operational risk

in section 269 (1) SolvV. The inte

of this definition at Commerzbank includes the following elements

ral management interpretation

in human resources risk:

Adjustment risk: We offer selected internal and external
training, continuing education and change programmes to ensure
that the level of employee qualifications keeps pace with the
current state of developments, structural changes are supported
accordingly and our employees can fulfil their duties and
responsibilities.

Motivation risk: Employee surveys enable us to respond as
quickly as possible to potential changes in our employees level of
corporate loyalty and to initiate adequate measures.

Departure risk: We take great care to ensure that the absence
or departure of employees does not result in long-term disruptions
to our operations. We also regula rly monitor both quantitative and

qualitative measures of staff turnover.

Risk Report Financial Statements Further Information 143

109 Executive summary 2014

110 Risk-oriented overall bank management
116 Default risk

133. Market risk

137

Liquidity risk
139 Operational risk
140 Other risks

Supply risk: Our quantitative and qualitative staffing aims to

ensure that the internal oper ating requirements, business
activities, and Commerzbank s st __rategy can be implemented.
Employees are a key resource for Commerzbank. Our success
is based on the specialist knowledge, skills, abilities and
motivation of our employees. Human resources risk is sys-
tematically managed by Group Human Resources with the aim of
identifying risks as early as possible and assessing and managing
them by applying selected personnel tools, for instance. The Board
of Managing Directors is regularly being informed about human
resources risk. In addition, the implementation of a second pilot
scheme for systematic and strategic personnel planning is helping
to put the management of medium- and long-term human
resources risks on a more professional footing. The Board of
Managing Directors will take a decision on the Bank-wide
introduction of strategic personnel planning once the second pilot

is completed in 2015.

Business strategy risk

Business strategy risk is the medium to long-term risk of negative
influences on the achievement of Commerzbank s strategic goals,
for example, as a result of changes in market conditions, or the
inadequate implementation of the Group strategy.

Group strategy is developed further in a process that takes into
account both external and internal factors. On the basis of these
factors, the Board of Managing Directors sets out a sustainable
business strategy describing the major business activities and
steps required to meet the targets. To

ensure proper

implementation of the Group strategy to achieve the business
targets, strategic controls are carried out through regular
monitoring of quantitative and qu _alitative targets in the Group and
the segments.

Responsibility for strategic corporate management lies with the
Board of Managing Directors. Specific business policy decisions
(acquisition and sale of equity holdings representing >1% of
equity capital) also require the authorisation of the Risk
Committee of the Supervisory Board. All major investments are

subject to careful review by th _e Board of Managing Directors.

Group Risk Report
Group Risk Report

Commerzbank Annual Report 2014

Model risk

Model risk is the risk of incorrect management decisions based
upon an inaccurate depiction of reality by the models used. With
regard to the causes of model risk we distinguish between model
risk from exceeding model boundaries and model risk from model
errors (sloppy mistakes in de  veloping/implementing a model).
Corresponding to the focus of the Group risk strategy to ensure
that the Bank is adequately capitalised, | the models for assessing
risk-bearing capacity (capital requirements according to Pillars |

and 2 of the Basel framework) are central for risk management.

Disclaimer

Commerzbank s internal risk measurement methods and models
which form the basis for the calculation of the figures shown in
this report are state-of-the-art and are based on banking sector
practice. The risk models produce results appropriate to the
management of the Bank. The measurement approaches are
regularly reviewed by risk control and internal audit, external
auditors and the German and European supervisory authorities.
Despite being carefully developed and regularly monitored,

models cannot cover all the influencing factors that have an

Basic principles of the model risk management are the
identification and avoidance of model risk as well as the
appropriate account of known model risks (e.g. by conservative
calibration or taking into account of model reserves). Model risks
that are unknown and hence cannot be mitigated are accepted as
an inherent risk in the comple _xity of the Commerzbank business
model. Governance of model risk management implies

requirements relating to model validation and model changes.

impact in reality or illustrate their complex behaviour and
interactions. These limits to risk modelling apply particularly in
extreme situations. Supplementary stress tests and scenario

analyses can only show examples of the risks to which a portfolio
may be exposed in extreme market situations. However, stress
testing all imaginable scenarios is not feasible. Stress tests cannot

offer a final estimate of the maximum loss should an extreme

event occur.
