

--- Page 1 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Summary of business performance and
operating results in 2014

The following statements refer exclusively to continuing
operations (see page 27).

Axel Springer has had a successful conclusion to the 2014
financial year. The forecast targets published in March
2014 were essentially attained (see page 58).

During the financial year, the total revenues generated,
worth € 3,037.9 million, were significantly higher (8.4 %)
than the prior-year figure of (€ 2,801.4 million). All operat-
ing segments contributed to this revenue growth. Adjust-
ed for consolidation and currency effects, total revenues
were above the level of the prior-year figure (+ 2.8 %).

The pro-forma revenues of digital media activities
increased to € 1,705.8 million (PY: € 1,568.6 million),
reflecting an organic growth rate of 8.7 %.

EBITDA rose, compared to the previous year, by 11.6 %
to € 507.1 million (PY: € 454.3 million). Furthermore, the
EBITDA margin also improved to 16.7 % (PY: 16.2 %).
The growth of earnings in our Classified Ads and Market-
ing Models are contrasted with falls in the case of Paid
Models and also in the Services/Holding segment. The
EBITDA of digital activities rose by 29.9% from

€ 281.6 million to € 365.8 million.

The adjusted earnings per share for continuing opera-
tions of € 2.01 was above the prior-year figure of € 1.81.

The Executive Board and Supervisory Board will propose
a dividend of € 1.80 (PY: € 1.80) per qualifying share at
the annual shareholders’ meeting to be held on April 14,
2015.

Outlook for 2015

We anticipate in the Group that total revenues will be
higher for the 2015 financial year than the prior-year
figure by an amount in the low to mid single-digit per-
centage range. We assume that the planned increase in

11

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

advertising revenues will more than compensate for the
fall in circulation revenues and other revenues.

We expect a rise in EBITDA in the high single-digit per-
centage range. In this case a rise in EBITDA in the Clas-
sified Ads Models and Services/Holding segments is
expected, whilst the EBITDA of Paid Models should finish
below the level of the prior year due to planned invest-
ments in product quality and also in digitization. For the
Marketing Models segment we also, amongst other
things, expect EBITDA to be below the level of the prior
year due to planned structural adjustments within per-
formance marketing, planned expenditure for increasing
competitiveness, and internationalization of digital busi-
ness models within the field of reach marketing.

For EBIT we expect developments to be similar to those
for EBITDA.

For the adjusted earnings per share we expect, due
to a lower proportion of adjusted consolidated net
income that is due for minorities, an increase in the low
double-digit percentage range compared to the prior-
year figure.

Introductory remarks

The current combined management report for Axel Spring-
er SE and the Group contains statements concerning the
economic situation and business performance of the Axel
Springer Group. These statements are also largely applica-
ble to the Axel Springer SE. Additional information on the
economic situation of the parent company Axel Springer
SE is provided in a separate chapter on page 41.

For the sake of better comparability, the operating earn-
ings indicators EBITDA and EBIT have been adjusted for
non-recurring effects and amortization and impairments
from purchase price allocations (see Section (31) of the
notes to the financial statements).


--- Page 2 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Segments

Axel Springer Group

Paid
Models

Marketing
Models

Business model

Axel Springer is a leading publishing company in Europe.
Journalism is the foundation of the business model. The
broad-based media portfolio includes successfully estab-
lished brand families such as the BILD Group and the
WELT Group. Journalistic content is delivered to Internet
users, readers, viewers, and advertising customers via
digital, print, and TV channels. The portfolio is divided
into Paid Models which are generally used by paying
readers, into Marketing Models where revenues are
primarily generated by advertising customers and into
Classified Ad Models where revenues are primarily gen-
erated by job ads, real estate and car ads. The focus is
on the digital transformation of the business. Building on
its competencies in journalism, technology, and business
administration, Axel Springer strives to become the lead-
ing digital publisher.

Legal structure, business locations

Axel Springer SE, as the flagship company of the Axel
Springer Group, is an exchange-listed stock corporation
with its registered head office in Berlin. The Group also
maintains offices at other locations in Germany. In addi-
tion, the Group comprises numerous companies in other
countries. The consolidated shareholdings of the Group
are listed in Section (42) in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements.

The Executive Board and Supervisory Board decided in
December 2014 to prepare to change Axel Springer SE
into a partnership limited by shares (KGaA) (see page 25).
A final decision regarding the conversion will be made by

12

Classified Services/

Ad Models

Holding

the Executive Board and Supervisory Board after the as
yet ongoing tax and legal audits are completed. As soon
as the audits are complete with the desired results and
the necessary preparatory work then the Executive Board
and Supervisory Board intend to put the conversion to
the vote at the annual shareholders' meeting. A decision
is yet to be made regarding the exact point in time.

Segments of the Axel Springer Group

Axel Springer’s business activities are organized into
three operating segments: Paid Models, Marketing
Models, and Classified Ad Models. In addition, there
is the Services/Holding segment.

The segment structure reflects the different customer
groups and revenue types of an increasingly digital
publisher.

Paid Models
The Paid Models segment encompasses all business
models that are primarily used by paying readers.

Portfolio and market position

Paid Models are sub-divided into national and interna-
tional offerings. The principal activities are summarized in
the graph below.


--- Page 3 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Portfolio Paid Models

Patina | Intemational

= BILD Group = Switzerland = Russia
= WELT Group = France = Spain
= Austria = Belgium

Ringier Axel Springer Media
= Poland
= Hungary

= Slovakia
= Serbia

National Paid Models are mainly offered by the BILD
Group and the WELT Group.

The BILD Group comprises the digital media offerings and
the newspapers and magazines of the BILD family of
brands and B.Z. Bild.de is Germany's largest news and
entertainment portal with the widest reach in the country
with a digital subscription model. Bild.de is also distributed
via mobile channels, with apps for nearly all kinds of
smartphones, tablet PCs, and smart TVs, not to mention
the mobile portal, once again Germany's most-visited
mobile media brand in 2014 (“mobile facts 2014-lll” of
the Working Group for Online Research (AGOF). Bild.de
also offers the products stylebook.de, travelbook.de,
BUNDESLIGA bei BILD, and BILD Shop. Autobild.de is
the clear leader among automotive portals featuring edito-
rial content in Germany. BILD is Europe’s biggest daily
newspaper with the widest reach, as well as the unchal-
lenged number one in Germany, with a share of 75.6% by
newsstand sales. (All figures for the German newspapers
and magazines are based on paid circulation as per IVWW
as of December 31, 2014). BILD am SONNTAG is Ger-
many’s best-selling nationwide Sunday newspaper, with a
share of 61.7 %. B.Z. is Berlin's biggest newspaper. The
automotive, computer, and sports media of the BILD
brand family make up a magazine and online portfolio built
on the core brands of AUTO BILD, COMPUTER BILD, and
SPORT BILD. With a share of 55.3% AUTO BILD contin-
ues to be Germany’s biggest automotive magazine. It is
also the No. 1 automotive magazine in Europe. Further-
more, the magazines COMPUTER BILD and SPORT BILD
occupy leading European market positions in their respec-
tive segments. Based on paid circulation, their German
shares are 40.3 % and 48.2 % respectively.

13

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

The WELT Group comprises the digital media offerings
and the newspapers and magazines of the WELT family
of brands. DIE WELT ONLINE is one of the most suc-
cessful online/mobile sites in the segment of German
premium newspapers. The offering is also available on
PC tablets, smartphones and e-readers, and also as a
digital subscription model. The DIE WELT iPad app has
the strongest turnover of any news app in the German
app store. DIE WELT am SONNTAG is the undisputed
No.1 title in the nationwide premium newspaper sector.
DIE WELT (including WELT KOMPAKT) is the third-
biggest premium newspaper in Germany, with a share
of 18.5%, based on paid circulation.

DIE WELT Group, together with N24 satisfied the neces-
sary conditions in 2014 for merging both companies into
a multimedia news company under the auspices of the
new WeltN24 company as of January 1, 2015. In the
future this will be the basis for the development of the
Group to become the leading multi-media news organiza-
tion for quality journalism in German-speaking countries.

Since July 2014 the Griinderszene portal, with its focus
on start-ups, the digital economy, and venture capital,
has been part of the WELT Group.

Our music magazines ROLLING STONE, MUSIKEX-
PRESS and METAL HAMMER were also assigned to the
Paid Models National segment.

International Paid Models comprise Axel Springer’s
digital and print activities in western and eastern Europe.
In eastern Europe, the joint venture Ringier Axel Springer
Media is the leader in the segment of mass-circulation
dailies in the countries of Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, and
Serbia. Our Hungarian activities were combined with the
Hungarian activities of Ringier in the joint venture Ringier
Axel Springer Media on November 1, 2014. The media
offering currently comprises more than 160 digital and
printed products.

We reach 70.6 % of Internet users in Poland through the
leading Polish online group Onet. With FAKT as the largest
newsstand newspaper and PRZEGLAD SPORTOWY as
the country’s only national sports daily, the joint venture


--- Page 4 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

controls 46.7 % of the market for national dailies (based on
paid circulation), making it the biggest newspaper publish-
er in Poland. Measured in the number of Internet users,
the strongest growth was seen in 2014 by our news portal
fakt.pl. Onet also owns 80.0% of shares in Skapiec.pl, the
second-largest shopping comparison portal in Poland,
and has taken over Opineo.pl, the leading website for
product comparisons in Poland. An agreement regarding
the acquisition of nk.pl has also been signed. The online
platform nk.pl, which was founded in 2006, is one of the
leading gaming platforms in Poland and is also one of
the most popular social networks in the country. In Janu-
ary 2014 Media Impact Polska, the joint marketing organi-
zation for Ringier Axel Springer Poland and Onet, was also
founded. Media Impact Polska is the largest marketing
organization in the Polish market. The range consists of
strong brands and offers clients innovative, integrated
advertising solutions.

Above all, Ringier Axel Springer Media's portfolio in Hun-
gary will comprise titles with a strong market position in
their respective sectors and with excellent potential for
digitization, which predominantly include mass-
circulation dailies, including the leader BLIKK, and wom-
en’s magazines. Ringier Axel Springer Media AG has
also signed an agreement regarding the acquisition of
Profession.hu, the Hungarian job portal. Profession.hu is
the leading job portal with the highest levels of online
traffic of all job portals in the country. Finalization of the
transaction should take place in the first quarter of 2015
after approval from the Hungarian cartel authorities.

The majority-owned azet.sk is the leading Internet portal in
Slovakia, reaching 83.2 % of Internet users in that country.
The leadership position in the print business is mainly
based on the NOVY CAS family of brands, consisting of
two newspapers and four magazines. The mass-
circulation daily of the same name is the country’s biggest
newspaper, with a share of 45.2%. In total, Ringier Axel
Springer Media publishes nine magazines in Slovakia.

In Serbia, Ringier Axel Springer Media is the publisher
with the biggest total circulation and reach, with three
newspapers and seven magazines and the correspond-
ing web portals. Furthermore, our joint venture publishes

14

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Serbia’s biggest mass-circulation dailies, ALO! and BLIC,
together with their high-reach online portals.

In Switzerland, Axel Springer publishes HANDELS-
ZEITUNG and twelve magazines. Based on paid circula-
tion, it holds the leadership position in the segments of
business magazines, consumer advice magazines, and TV
program guides. HANDELSZEITUNG and the business
magazine BILANZ are among the country’s biggest publi-
cations in the business press segment. In the segment of
consumer advice magazines, Axel Springer publishes
BEOBACHTER, which is the biggest subscription maga-
zine in Switzerland, and the TV program guides TELE and
TV STAR, which are likewise leaders in their segment. The
portfolio also includes brand-derived online portals and the
web portals students.ch, usgang.ch and partyguide.ch.

In December 2014, Ringier and Axel Springer announced
plans for establishment of a further joint venture in Switzer-
land where both companies would have an equal equity
stake. On the one hand, all Swiss-German and West
Swiss newspaper titles from Ringier including their associ-
ated online portals as well as the West Swiss broadsheet
Le Temps should be included, but on the other hand Axel
Springer Switzerland, which combines all business in
Switzerland, should also be included. Any transaction
would be subject to the approval of the Supervisory
Boards of both companies and the relevant competition
authorities.

In Russia, we publish a total of six print titles and three
online portals. Besides the business magazine FORBES
and the website of the same name, and the magazines
GALA BIOGRAFIA and OK!, the portfolio also includes
three magazines of the GEO brand family.

Axel Springer is represented in Spain by seven magazines
and three online portals. In particular, we occupy leading
positions in the video game and computer magazines
segments and also in automotive magazines.

We are represented in France in a joint venture with the
Mondadori Group with three automotive magazines and
associated online portals.


--- Page 5 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

In September 2014 an agreement was set up to create a
joint venture (50:50) between Axel Springer and POLITICO,
the leading media brand for political journalism in Wash-
ington D.C. The objective of the new media company,
headquartered in Brussels, is to develop and market the
European business of POLITICO in the form of a website,
newspaper, digital newsletter and conferences from early
2015. European business should be established together
with EUROPEAN VOICE and the Development Institute
International (Dll), France's leading event agency in the
public affairs sector, which were both acquired in January
2015 by the new joint venture company.

Business model and key factors

The revenues generated in the Paid Models segment
consist mainly of circulation revenues and advertising
revenues. Circulation revenues are generated on sales
of newspapers and magazines and digital subscriptions
models. Advertising revenues are generated by market-
ing the reach of our online and print media. The value
chain, which spans all media comprises all essential
processes involved in the production of information,
entertainment, and video content, from conception to
editorial work and production, and from there to sales
and marketing. The cross-media approach is conducive
to the optimal realization of synergies, competencies,
and reach values.

All journalism content is collected in integrated news-
rooms, some of which are used for more than one publi-
cation, and processed there in accordance with the
demands of our print and online media. The production
process for digital paid content involves the production
of editorial content, which we then post on our websites
or other digital resources such as smartphones, PC
tablets, and smart TVs, or the processing and aggrega-
tion of information in databases. Our newspapers are
produced, amongst other things, in the three offset print-
ing plants in Hamburg-Ahrensburg, Essen-Kettwig, and
Berlin-Spandau, which were changed into independent
subsidiaries on January 1, 2015. We therefore carry out
all steps in the value chain ourselves, from production to
monitoring dispatch logistics. Distribution of digital prod-
ucts takes place predominantly via our own Internet
pages or download platforms such as the app stores

15

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

owned by Apple and Google. The print media are dis-
tributed nationally and internationally mainly via wholesale
press distribution companies, train station bookstores,
and press import companies. In Germany there are
about 109 thousand retail outlets where our newspapers
and magazines are sold.

Paid Models are centrally marketed in Germany by Axel
Springer Media Impact (ASMI), one of the leading cross-
media marketers based on gross market shares. The digi-
tal marketing portfolio also includes content produced by
other companies.

The business performance of this segment is, amongst
other things, strongly influenced by the growing use of
digital content. A key growth driver is the mobile Internet,
via smartphones and tablets, which are mostly used in
addition to stationary Internet connections (source:
AGOF mobile facts 2014-III). Other key factors besides
online usage behavior are the willingness of consumers
to pay for online content and the development of the
market for paid content. Digital content is also driving the
growth of the advertising market, while print media ad-
vertising revenues are declining across the board.

Regardless of media types, this segment is influenced by
the political situation in the relevant markets, as well as
the economic environment and performance of advertis-
ing markets, in particular. Aside from the general market
cyclicity, seasonal aspects and non-recurring effects also
play a role.

Marketing Models

The Marketing Models segment comprises all business
models that generate revenues predominantly through
sales to advertising customers of reach-based or suc-

cess-based marketing services.

Portfolio and market position

The Marketing Models segment is sub-divided into
reach-based and performance-based services. The
principal activities are summarized in the graph below.


--- Page 6 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Portfolio Marketing Models

Reach Based Marketing Performance Marketing

= Idealo = zanox

= aufeminin = Digital Window
= Bonial = eprofessional
= Smarthouse

= finanzen.net

Axel Springer’s Reach Based Marketing portfolio in-
cludes idealo.de, Germany's leading portal with the
widest reach for product searches and price compari-
sons. Idealo searches more than 1.8 million products
and more than 170 million offers of online dealers (as of
year-end 2014). Furthermore, its success is increasingly
international. The ladenzeile.de product comparison
portal is also part of the Idealo Group.

aufeminin is the largest women's portal worldwide and is
active in 15 countries with its articles on fashion, beauty,
and lifestyle. The onmeda health portals in Germany and
Spain, the marmiton cooking Internet site, the netmums
online portal and the My Little Paris recommendations
portal, acquired at the beginning of 2014 belong,
amongst others, to the Group also.

kaufDA.de and MeinProspekt.de, which was acquired in
2014 as Germany's leading consumer information portals
regarding local shopping, operate under the auspices of
the Bonial International Group. The company distributes
digitized advertising retail leaflets predominantly via mobile
Internet at a regional level. These services are also offered
in France (Bonial France), Spain (Ofertia), Russia (Lokata),
South America, including Brazil (Guiato), and the United
States (Retale).

Germany’s widest-reach finance portal finanzen.net
provides up-to-date financial markets data on every
business day. In line with its internationalization strategy,
this portal also operates in Switzerland, Russia, and
Austria, among other places.

16

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Smarthouse Media is a leading European provider of
complex, web-based financial applications for banks,
online brokers, and other providers of financial services.

Within the TV and Radio sector Axel Springer, with its
majority shareholding in Talpa Germany (49.9 % of the
company, initially formed as Schwartzkopff TV, was sold
to the Dutch Talpa Group in the final quarter of 2014),
has one of the leading independent TV production com-
panies, which mainly produces TV shows in the enter-
tainment segment for private and public TV channels.
With direct and indirect investments in leading private-
sector radio stations, Axel Springer holds one of the
biggest radio portfolios in Germany. Axel Springer contin-
ues to hold a minority interest in Turkey's biggest private-
sector TV and radio company, the Dogan TV Group.

Axel Springer’s Performance Marketing activities are
bundled within the zanox Group. The leading provider of
success-based online marketing in Europe brings adver-
tisers and publishers together, giving advertisers an
efficient way to market their products and services on
the Internet. The corporate group comprises the compa-
nies ZANOX AG, including Digital Window, and the per-
formance marketing agency eprofessional.

Business model and key factors

In our Reach Based Marketing activities, ad space is
marketed to advertising customers and charged on the
basis of the reach generated by the given media offerings
(number of users or listeners) or the interaction generated
by the reach. Attractive content generates high reach
values and topic-specific environments enable advertisers
to precisely reach the desired target groups.

Due to the rising use of online media, reach marketing on
the Internet is a major business. Besides display ads like
banners, layer ads, and wallpaper, videos are also in-
creasingly being used as online advertising formats. In
addition, advertisers are increasingly turning to marketing
cooperation ventures and advertising forms such as
native advertising, sponsoring, and marketing via
YouTube channels. The growing prevalence of mobile
terminal devices, in addition to stationary Internet usage,
represents additional potential for reach marketing.


--- Page 7 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Performance Marketing gives advertisers the chance
to advertise their products on websites and publishers’
Offerings via text links, banners, and online videos. Ad-
vertisers only pay for successfully completed actions,
and publishers receive a portion of this compensation
in the form of a commission. Our platforms provide the
infrastructure for this efficient form of marketing, record
the data flows and transactions, and allow for a variety
of services for advertisers and publishers.

This segment benefits from the growth of stationary and
mobile Internet usage and the increasing tendency of con-
sumers to make purchases. Through performance market-
ing, Axel Springer benefits from the increasing demand of
advertising companies for success-based advertising and
marketing models.

Classified Ad Models

All Business models which predominantly generate reve-
nues in online classified advertising are summarized in
the Classified Ad Models segment.

Portfolio and market position

Axel Springer has established a portfolio of leading online
Classified ad portals over the last few years. To acceler-
ate growth through acquisitions, a strategic partnership
with American growth investor General Atlantic was
agreed upon in April 2012; they still hold a 15 % share

of Axel Springer Digital Classifieds at the end of this
financial year (see page 25). The main portals are
bundled into jobs, real estate, automobile, and general
classified ads under the auspices of the company

The principal activities of the Classified Ad Models segment
are summarized in the graph below.

Portfolio Classified Ad Models

General/

= StepStone ™ SeLoger = LaCentrale
"Totaljobs = Immonet ® @Leisure

= Saongroup = Immoweb = meinestadt.de
= YourCareerGroup = Yad2

= Jobsite = CarWale

17

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Jobs comprises StepStone, the leader among private-
sector job exchanges in Germany and Belgium, and one
of the leading providers in Europe. The StepStone Group,
with its portals specializing in technical and managerial
personnel, has the greatest coverage in Germany and
has the largest online recruiting portal in Great Britain
with the Totaljobs Group. In addition, the major job ex-
change Jobsite was also acquired in 2014 in Great Britain,
which also includes the specialist portals CityJobs.com
and eMedcareers.com. The Saongroup, which was ac-
quired by StepStone Group at the end of 2013, operates
job portals in 16 countries and is the leader in Ireland,
Northern Ireland, and South Africa. The specialty provider
YourCareerGroup, which was likewise acquired at the
end of 2013, is the leading niche portal in the German-
speaking countries for online ads for hotel and restaurant
jobs. StepStone took over ictjob SPRL, the leading IT job
portal in Belgium and Luxembourg, at the beginning of
2015.

In Real Estate, Axel Springer is the leader in France (with
SeLoger) and Belgium (with Immoweb). SeLoger’s portfo-
lio also includes some niche portals such as vacanc-
es.com and a-Gites.com for vacation home rentals, and
belles-demeures.com for luxury properties. The Classified
Ad Models segment also contains Immonet, one of the
leading real estate portals in Germany.

Since July Axel Springer has also held a majority share-
holding (51 %) of Car & Boat Media SAS, headquartered
in Paris, which belongs to General/Other (see page 24).
This company operates LaCentrale, the leading specialist
Classified ads portal for used cars in France, as well as
other portals related to cars and boats. Yad2, a portal
which was likewise acquired in 2014, is the leading gen-
eral classified ad portal in Israel for real estate, automo-
bile and classified ads. The German regional portal
meinestadt.de consists of marketplaces for jobs, auto-
mobiles, real estate and classified ads. In addition, city
information, classified directories, and event calendars
are also provided, amongst others. Axel Springer has an
equity stake in CarWale in India. Furthermore, since the
beginning of 2015 this includes the majority (51 %) of
shares in @Leisure, a leading operator of online broker-
age portals for vacation home rentals in the Classified Ad


--- Page 8 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Models segment. The company is headquartered in
Amsterdam and also operates, amongst others, the
portals belvilla and casamundo (see page 25).

Business model and key factors

The Classified Ad Models segment generates revenues
mainly from sales of classified ads. In addition, it also
generates revenues by marketing online ad space,
through cooperation arrangements, and by providing
software functions to clients. Business developments are
significantly determined by the economic environment in
the respective market segments, the market position in
the respective market segment, and online usage behav-
ior of advertisers and seekers. Long-term growth drivers
are the continuing shift of classified ads to the Internet,
the rising number of Internet users, and the monetization
of supplementary products.

Within Jobs, ads are sold to job advertisers, and online
resume databases which belong to the respective portals
are marketed in which the job advertisers can actively
search for suitable candidates.

Real Estate portals generate revenues by selling adver-
tising and display space to brokers, project developers,
housing agencies, or private individuals.

Within General/Other, revenues are based on the focus
of the relevant portal. Alongside the above consumer
groups, commercial automobile sales and renters of
holiday homes are the main target groups.

18

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Services/Holding

Service and holding functions are combined under the
Services/Holding segment. This segment also compris-
es our centralized marketing unit Axel Springer Media
Impact as well as all activities related to the production
and distribution of the BILD Group and the company’s
magazines, including the Group’s three printing plants
and the management of all logistical activities for Axel
Springer.

Discontinued operations

The regional newspapers, the program guides, and
women’s magazines, which were sold to FUNKE
Mediengruppe in a deal concluded on April 30, 2014
(see page 26) are again listed separately in the previous
year as discontinued operations in the 2014 consoli-
dated financial statements.

Activities listed as discontinued operations include the
regional newspapers BERLINER MORGENPOST and
HAMBURGER ABENDBLATT, the advertising supple-
ments in Berlin and Hamburg, and the five TV program
guides and two women’s magazines of Axel Springer
(HORZU, TV DIGITAL, FUNK UHR, BILDWOCHE, TV
NEU, BILD der FRAU, FRAU von HEUTE), including the
corresponding digital brands.

Also presented under discontinued operations are the
business activities and equity investments of
Ringier Axel Springer Media in the Czech Republic,
including the leading mass-circulation daily BLESK and
the leading news magazine REFLEX, as well as the au-
tomotive and women’s magazines in that country. The
portfolio of newspapers, magazines, and brand-derived
online activities were also sold to two Czech entrepre-
neurs on April 30, 2014 (see page 26).


--- Page 9 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Management and supervision

Executive Board divisions

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE currently com-
prises four members, whose work is supported and
supervised by a Supervisory Board composed of nine
members.

Axel Springer Executive Board Divisions

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Mathias Déptner

Chief Financial Officer

, We x Juian Deutz (Member of the Executive
Executive Board since January 2014, with this
Board 4 responsibility since April 2014)
Divisions
gj BILD and WELT Group
Jan Bayer

Marketing and Classified Ad Models
Dr. Andreas Wiele

International Division
Ralph Biichi (until April 2

Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Operating Offic:
Lothar Lanz (until April 2

Executive Board responsibilities are divided as follows:

Dr. Mathias Dépfner is Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Axel Springer SE. All editors-in-chief and the
corporate staff functions of corporate communications,
public affairs, M&A and strategy, as well as the Axel
Springer International division report to him. Furthermore
the Executive Personnel, Axel Springer Academy, and

Customer Loyalty sectors are also part of his responsibilities.

Dr. Julian Deutz was appointed to the Executive Board in
January 2014 and since April 2014 has been in charge of
Finance and Personnel. The department covers com-
mercial sectors, internal auditing, and the Governance,
Risk & Compliance, Law, and Group Purchasing sectors.

19

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Jan Bayer is the President of the BILD and WELT Group.
IT and domestic printing plants are also assigned to this
sector alongside national brands within the Paid Models
segment. These also include Customer Services and the
Sales Impact sales company.

Dr. Andreas Wiele is the President of Marketing and
Classified Ad Models and is responsible for the corre-
sponding segments including the associated direct and
indirect investments as well as the marketing unit Axel
Springer Media Impact.

Ralph Biichi, member of the Executive Board until

April 2014, in addition to his previous functions as CEO of
Axel Springer Switzerland and Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Ringier Axel Springer Media AG, also exercis-
es responsibility for the international Paid Models of Axel
Springer as President International.

Lothar Lanz, Chief Financial Officer of Axel Springer SE
until April 2014, has moved to the Supervisory Board
following agreement in the annual shareholders’ meeting
in April 2014.

Corporate governance principles

Axel Springer’s corporate governance principles are
aligned with our core values of creativity, entrepreneur-
ship, and integrity, as well as the five principles enshrined
in Axel Springer’s own corporate constitution. For more
information on our internal guidelines, please refer to

the corporate governance statement pursuant to Sec-
tion 289a HGB contained in the section entitled “Signifi-
cant corporate governance practices” on page 66 of the
present Annual Report.

Basic principles of the compensation system

The compensation of our employees, all the way up to
senior management level, consists of a fixed component
and for qualifying employees, a variable component as
well. Variable compensation is determined on the basis
of individual performance and the company’s success.
To this end, individual target agreements encompassing
both company-wide targets and division targets are
adopted every year anew. The part of variable compen-
sation that reflects the attainment of company-wide


--- Page 10 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

targets in 2014 is determined mainly with reference to
the financial indicator EBITDA. A detailed description of
Executive Board compensation can be found in the
“Compensation Report” section of the “Corporate Gov-
ernance” chapter (starting on page 74). There, you will
also find information on the compensation of our Super-
visory Board members (starting on page 76).

Goals and strategy

Axel Springer pursues a strategy of profitable growth,
with the overarching goal of becoming the leading digital
publisher. This goal will be attained when the Group is
the No.1 player in every one of the market segments and
countries in which it operates. Furthermore, journalism is
and always will be the foundation of our business model.

Segment strategies

In the Paid Models segment, Axel Springer will strive to
realize the full potential of its strong brands BILD, WELT,
and N24, as well as its established international media.

By means of linking its print, online, and mobile offerings
ever more closely, the BILD Group achieves a higher
level of reading time and usage time than its competitors,
expanding share among young and high-income readers
in particular. Through the digital brand subscription
BlLDplus, Axel Springer is building and expanding a base
of paying online readers.

Together with N24, the WELT Group will strive to be-
come the leading multimedia provider of news-based
quality journalism across the platforms of digital, print,
video, and live TV. The two companies will contribute
their respective strengths to this endeavor. Thus, the
WELT Group can make good use of the video inventory
of N24 in its media offerings, and the quality TV news
station can exploit its full online potential in cooperation
with the WELT Group. Furthermore, the WELT Group will
use its digital subscription model to further expand the
base of paying readers on the Internet.

The Group’s centralized marketing company Axel Spring-
er Media Impact (ASM) offers an attractive, cross-media
platform for advertising campaigns — with a reach that is

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

rivaled only by the big TV marketing firms. As one of the
leading cross-media marketers (based on gross market
shares), ASMI will continue to expand its external market-
ing portfolio in the print and digital segments.

The strategy of profitable growth in the Marketing
Models segment is followed both in Reach Based Mar-
keting and Performance Based Marketing. In the area of
Reach Based Marketing, the strategy is focused on ex-
panding the reach and usage of products, increasing the
ad space utilization rate, and developing new advertising
and pricing models. The continued internationalization of
services is also a growth driver. Furthermore, innovative
products and business models are promoted and devel-
oped via investments in early-stage activities. In the Per-
formance Marketing sector, the integration of the Group
and expansion of services and the publisher network are
of utmost importance.

In the Classified Ad Models segment, Axel Springer
will strive to further extend its position as a leading
international player. Both organic growth and comple-
mentary acquisitions will contribute to the growth of
this business. Furthermore, internal synergies will be
realized systematically.

Organic and acquisitions-driven growth

Generally speaking, the organic growth measures of the
different segments pursue the same goal of expanding
the market shares of the current portfolio and increasing
the revenues and profits per reader/user on the basis of
attractive product design and pricing. These measures
will be accompanied by acauisitions-driven growth.

In all segments, Axel Springer seizes opportunities to
expand the business model by acquiring companies with
innovative business ideas, which are still in an early
phase of their development. For this purpose in 2013
Axel Springer started the Axel Springer Plug & Play ac-
celerator program in conjunction with the Silicon Valley-
based accelerator Plug & Play, and is also involved in the
Project A Ventures early stage fund.


--- Page 11 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

When the opportunity arises, Axel Springer will also
acquire companies that are well established in the mar-
ket. Suitable acquisition targets are chosen on the basis
of complementary business strategies, as well as the
quality of management, and the profitability and scalabil-
ity of the business model.

We employ a capitalized earnings approach based on
weighted capital costs to assess the economic efficiency
of investments in new or existing business segments.
The weighted capital costs are determined with refer-
ence to a target capital structure.

In general, we employ a capital markets equilibrium
method, using beta for the business-specific, systematic
risk, and a market premium for the country-specific,
unsystematic market risk, to assess the risks of an in-
vestment opportunity. Essentially, we assume that the
systematic risk of our company is the same, on average,
as that of our peer group, meaning other European
media companies.

Internal management system

We have designed our internal management system and
defined suitable control parameters in alignment with our
group strategy. We use both financial and non-financial
performance indicators to measure the success of our
strategy.

Detailed monthly reports are an important element of our
internal management and control system. These reports
contain the monthly results of our most important activi-
ties, along with a consolidated statement of financial
position, income statement, and cash flow statement.
We use these reports to compare actual values with
budget values. When variances arise, we investigate
further or initiate suitable corrective measures.

These reports are supplemented by periodic forecasts of
anticipated advertising revenues in the following weeks
and by months and by forecasts of the probable devel-
opment of our financial performance.

21

Combined Management Report
Fundamentals of the Axel Springer Group

Financial performance indicators

Our central focus is to sustainably increase both the
profitability and the value of our company. The most
important target and control parameters for the compa-
ny’s financial performance are revenues, EBITDA, and
EBIT. EBITDA (and from financial year 2015, EBIT) also
forms the basis for the performance-based compensation
of management (please refer to page 74 for more infor-
mation on the compensation system). These indicators
and the EBITDA margin are anchored in our internal plan-
ning and controlling system.

Financial Control Parameters‘

Selected financial control
parameters on the Group level,

€ millions 2014 2013 2012
Consolidated revenues 3,037.9 2,801.4 2,737.3
EBITDA” 507.1 4543 498.8
EBITDA margit? 16.7% 162% 182%
EBIT? 394.6 359.7 413.6

” Continuing operations.
2! Adjusted for non-recurring effects and amortization and impairments from pur-
chase price allocations,

Non-financial performance indicators

In addition to the financial performance indicators, the
following non-financial performance indicators are rele-
vant to an evaluation of our performance with respect to
customers, the market, and offerings, although they are
not employed as the basis for managing the company:

@ Unique users/visitors and other business model-
specific indicators of our online media, and the result-

ing market positions

™@ Average paid circulation of all principal newspapers.
and magazines

™@ Reach values of our media in the advertising market
and indicators of brand and advertisement familiarity

@ Digital subscriptions


--- Page 12 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Economic report

Combined Management Report
Economic report

General economic conditions and business developments

General economic conditions

According to estimates from the International Monetary
Fund in January 2015 the world economy is currently
barely profiting from low oil prices. The global economy
has picked up slightly during the second half of 2014,
with the result that the world economy has grown in total
by 3.3 % in real terms. On the other hand, the Interna-
tional Monetary Fund has observed continued underin-
vestment in many industrial and emerging countries.
Stagnation and low inflation remain, as ever, a cause for
worry for the IMF within Japan and the euro zone. On the
other hand, economic recovery in the USA has proven to
be better than expected.

The German economy has generally shown itself to be
robust during 2014 according to calculations from the
German Federal Statistical Office. Gross Domestic Prod-
uct was 1.5 % higher in real terms compared to the prior
year. Consumption showed itself to be the most im-
portant growth motor for the German economy once
again. Private consumer spending rose by 1.1 % in real
terms. Capital expenditures also increased: in real terms
business and the government have increased expendi-
ture in equipment by 3.7 % compared to the prior-year
figure. Construction investments also generated a sizable
return of 3.4 % in real terms. Despite an ongoing de-
manding external economic environment, German for-
eign trade improved slightly on average during 2014: in
real terms Germany exported 3.7 % more than in 2013.
Imports rose almost as quickly, by 3.3%.

In 2014 the number of unemployed fell to an average of
3.0 million, a fall of 1.8% compared to the prior-year
figure, the rate of unemployment was 6.7 %. The con-
sumer research organization Gesellschaft flir Konsum-
forschung (GfK) established that the consumer climate
has rebounded in 2014. As a consequence, the recovery
of the German economy has also gathered pace in the
opinion of German consumers. According to calcula-
tions from the German Federal Statistical Office con-
sumer prices rose by 0.9% during 2014. The continued
fall in the rate of inflation was characterized considerably
by the fall in energy prices.

According to calculations from the ifo Institute, the eco-
nomic recovery in central and eastern European member
EU states has slowed down since the middle of 2014.
The main reason was reduced demand from the euro
zone. Domestic demand remained robust in almost all
countries.

Anticipated Economic Development” (Selection)

Change in gross domestic product

compared to prior year (real) 2014
Germany 15%
United Kingdom 3.0%
France 0.4%
Poland 3.2%
Switzerland” 13%
Hungary 3.3%
Belgium 09%
Slovakia 24%
Netherlands 0.7%
Serbia” -0.5%
Austria 05%
Ireland 5.2%
Italy -0.3%
Spain 1.3%
USA 23%
Russia 08%
Israel” 25%
Brazil” 0.3%
China 74%

” Source: ifo Institut. December 2014.
® Source: IMF. October 2014.

Industry environment

Press distribution market

Continuing the trend of prior periods, the German press

distribution market contracted somewhat further. The

total paid circulation of newspapers and magazines was

4.5 % below the corresponding prior-year figure. Thanks
to the price increases implemented in the past four quarters,
however, circulation revenues declined by only 2.7 %.


--- Page 13 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

The 359 IVW registered daily and Sunday newspapers
achieved total sales of 19.6 million copies per publication
day. Compared to the prior-year figure, this corresponds to
a fall of 4.1 %. As in the prior-year period, newsstand sales
suffered a much greater decline (-8.3%) than subscription
sales (-2.7 %). Within the press distribution market, the
demand for daily and Sunday newspapers (weighted for
their respective publication frequencies) declined by 4.1%.

Overall sales of general-interest magazines including
membership and club magazines was 102.3 million cop-
ies per publication day. Compared to the prior-year figure,
this corresponds to a fall of 3.9%. IW tracked a total of
822 titles (-3.1 % from the prior-year figure). Weighted for
their respective publication frequencies, the demand for
general-interest magazines declined by 5.7 %.

Whereas the circulation volumes of print media declined
again in 2014, online media continued the growth trend
of prior years. According to the study “internet facts
2014-11” by the Working Group for Online Research
(AGOF), 55.6 million people in Germany use the Internet
today (Internet users within the last three months). That
number represents 75.7 % of German residents aged 10
and older. Of the total regular Internet users 72.5% go
online to obtain information about world events, and
64.6 % use the Internet for regional or local news. Thus,
getting the news is one of the main reasons for using the
Internet, besides e-mail, online searches, online shop-
ping, and weather forecasts. Job listings are also one of
the 20 most-used online categories. Alongside the wired
Internet, the mobile Internet is unchanged in gaining in
importance according to the study “mobile facts 2014-III".
In the third quarter of 2014, 34.3 million people were
mobile online (48.7 %) of the German-speaking residen-
tial population of Germany over 14 years of age). In most
cases (63.2 %), mobile Internet use was predominantly in
addition to desktop use. According to IVW, content
portals of German print media were visited somewhat
more frequently in 2014 compared to the previous year.
The 20 most popular portals of German daily newspa-
pers increased the number of visits by an average of
12.4%, whilst the visits to portals belonging to maga-
zines rose by 19.1%.

23

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Advertising market

According to the latest advertising market forecast of
ZenithOptimedia (“Advertising Expenditure Forecast”,
December 2014), the total volume of the German adver-
tising market in 2014 was slightly above the prior-year
figure.

According to these surveys, total net advertising
revenues (including classified ads and advertising sup-
plements, less discounts granted and agency commis-
sions, and excluding production costs) amounted to

€ 18.5 billion, in the reporting period, reflecting a nominal
increase of 1.5 % from the prior-year figure.

In the German online advertising sector (display ads,
search term marketing, and affiliates), net advertising
revenues rose by 8.5 % to € 4.5 billion in 2014.

In the category of print media, the net advertising reve-
nues of newspapers (newspapers, advertising supple-
ments, and newspaper supplements) amounted to € 4.9
billion in 2014, reflecting a 4.0% decrease from the prior-
year figure. The net advertising revenues of magazines
(general-interest and trade magazines, directory media)
declined by 2.2% to € 3.1 billion.

In 2014, television advertising in Germany rose by 3.3%
to € 4.3 billion, and net advertising revenues in radio
advertising rose by 1.7 % to € 759 million. The net ad-
vertising revenues of outdoor advertising rose by 4.1%
to € 928 million in 2014.


--- Page 14 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

ZenithOptimedia expects the following advertising reve-
nue forecasts for selected countries in 2014:

Anticipated Advertising Activity 2014 (Selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared

to prior year (nominal) Online Print
Germany 85% -3.4%
United Kingdom 18.3% -75%
France” 3.3% -8.0%
Poland” 12.2%  -16.9%
Switzerland” 11.4% 0.2%
Hungary 7.0% -2.2%
Belgium” 8.1% 1.2%
Slovakia” 3.4% -2.4%
Netherlands 6.6% 5.5%
Serbia” 20.0% 17.0%
Austria” 16.9% -5.5%
Ireland 16.6% -9.0%
Italy” 5.8% -9.7%
Spain” 5.0% -3.6%
USA 18.3% 5.0%
Russia 15.0%  -16.4%
Israel 28% -8.1%
Brazil 5.0% -73%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast (December) 2014

” Excluding classified ads.

®| Gross advertising revenues (excluding classified ads). Gross advertising revenues
do not adequately reflect the true development of advertising revenues.

Business performance

In the first quarter of 2014, we sold about 2.6 % of our
equity stake in Dogan TV Holding A.S., Istanbul, Turkey.
The revenues from this transaction amounted to € 62.5
million.

At the end of February 2014, after approval by anti-trust
and media law bodies the purchase agreement signed in
December 2013 to acquire 100% of the shares in N24
Media GmbH was finalized. N24 is the leading German
news channel. DIE WELT Group, together with N24,
satisfied the necessary conditions in 2014 for merging

Combined Management Report
Economic report

both companies into a multimedia news company under
the auspices of the new WeltN24 company on January 1,
2015. In the future this will be the basis for the develop-
ment of the Group to become the leading multi-media
news organization for quality journalism in German-
speaking countries.

At the start of May 2014, Axel Springer Digital Classifieds
(ASDC), the strategic partnership between Axel Springer
and General Atlantic in the online classified ads market,
acquired 100 % of the shares in Coral-Tell Ltd., which
operates the leading classified ad portal Yad2 in Israel.
The purchase price was approximately € 170 million.

Likewise in May 2014, StepStone entered into a pur-
chase agreement to acquire Evenbase Recruitment Ltd.
(Jobsite) in order to expand its activities in the United
Kingdom. StepStone is part of the ASDC Group and is
represented in the UK by, among others, its subsidiary
Totaljobs. Evenbase Recruitment Ltd. has its registered
head office in Havant and operates the job website
jobsite.co.uk along with brands such as CityJobs.com
and eMedcareers.com. The purchase price was about
€ 114 million. After approval was granted by the British
cartel authorities, the transaction was completed at the
end of October 2014.

At the end of July 2014, ASDC also acquired the majority
share (51 %) in Car & Boat Media SAS with its registered
head office in Paris. This company operates LaCentrale,
the leading specialist classified ads portal for used cars
in France, as well as other portals related to cars and
boats. The purchase price was about € 73 million.

At the end of July 2014 we sold the minority interest
(17.2%) in SeLoger held iProperty, an operator of real
estate portals in the South East Asian market for € 74.3
million. The gain of disposal, totaling € 55.1 million (be-
fore tax of € 2.2 million) was recorded as income from
investments, listed as a non-recurring effect in the Clas-
sified Ad Models segment, and 30 % of the interest was
assigned to other shareholders.

At the end of August 2014, Ringier Axel Springer Media
AG, a joint venture between Axel Springer and Ringier,


--- Page 15 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

concluded an agreement to acquire the leading job por-
tal in Hungary, namely profession.hu. The Hungarian
cartel authorities approved the transaction in October.
Completion of the profession.hu transaction is expected
to be in the first quarter of 2015. After approval by the
Hungarian cartel and media authorities and the success-
ful partial sale of the Ringier AG and Axel Springer SE
Hungarian portfolio, both companies have combined
their activities within Hungary and combined them into
Ringier Axel Springer Media AG as of November 1, 2014.
In particular, the portfolio consists of the leading mass-
circulation brands Blikk, successful women's magazines
and additional licensed titles. Incorporation of the portfo-
lio was already agreed in 2010 during the course of
founding the joint venture between Ringier AG and Axel
Springer SE.

At the beginning of September 2014 an agreement was
set up to create a joint venture (50:50) between Axel
Springer and POLITICO, a leading media brand for polit-
ical journalism in Washington D.C. The objective of the
new media company, with headquarters in Brussels, is to
develop and market the European business of POLITICO.
In January 2015 the joint venture took over EUROPEAN
VOICE (EV), which is also headquartered in Brussels, as
well as the Development Institute International (Dll),
France's leading event agency in the public affairs sector,
headquartered in Paris. From early 2015, a website,
newspaper, digital newsletter and conferences will be
published and be managed under the POLITICO brand.

At the beginning of October 2014, Axel Springer signifi-
cantly extended its partnership entered into in the first
quarter with OZY, an English-language online magazine
for news and culture from the Silicon Valley founded in
2018, increasing its share to about 17 % with an invest-
ment of US$ 20 million.

In November 2014 an agreement was finalized regarding
acquisition of the majority (51 %) of @Leisure, a leading
European operator of online brokerage portals for vaca-
tion home rentals. The company is headquartered in
Amsterdam and also operates the portals belvilla.com
and casamundo.com. Finalization of the transaction took
place at the beginning of January 2015.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

In December 2014, Axel Springer SE increased its share of
Axel Springer Digital Classifieds GmbH from 70% to
85% for a cash payment of € 446 million, and finalized a
binding agreement with General Atlantic for a purchase
option for the remaining 15%. As far as it is possible and
allowed, General Atlantic shall receive Axel Springer shares.
in return if the option is exercised. The number of shares to
be granted is calculated from the companies’ valuation
determined in accordance with the IDW S1 valuation
standard. Authorized capital should be established at the
next annual shareholders’ meeting, which could be used
for satisfying all requirements if the option is exercised. In
case no Axel Springer shares can or must be granted, Axel
Springer can acquire the remaining 15% equity stake for a
purchase price of an additional € 446 million plus interest. If
Axel Springer does not exercise this option, then General
Atlantic has the right to sell its remaining equity stake from
January 1, 2018 onwards or to demand that Axel Springer
Digital Classifieds GmbH enters the stock exchange from
January 1, 2020. Alongside the context of agreement with
these transactions, the Executive Board and Supervisory
Board agreed in December to prepare to change Axel
Springer SE into a partnership limited by shares
(KGaA). A final decision regarding the conversion will be
made by the Executive Board and by the Supervisory
Board after the as yet ongoing tax and legal audits are
completed. As soon as the audits are complete with the
desired results and the necessary preparatory work then
the Executive Board and Supervisory Board intend to put
the conversion to the vote at the annual shareholders’
meeting. A decision is yet to be made regarding the
exact point in time.

In December Ringier and Axel Springer also announced
the plans for establishment of a further joint venture in
Switzerland where both companies would have an equal
equity stake. All Swiss-German and West Swiss newspa-
per titles from Ringier including their associated online
portals as well as the West Swiss broadsheet Le Temps.
should be included, with Axel Springer Switzerland, which
combines all business in Switzerland. Any transaction is
subject to the approval of the Supervisory Boards of both
companies and the relevant competition authorities.


--- Page 16 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Discontinued operations

The sale of the Group’s German regional newspa-
pers, TV program guides, and women’s magazines
to FUNKE Mediengruppe, which was contractually
agreed in December 2018, was finalized on April 30,
2014, with economic effect as of January 1, 2014. The
purchase price agreed before the contractually stipulated
purchase price adjustment was € 920 million. A prelimi-
nary purchase price of € 874.8 million was established
upon finalizing the purchase agreement. The purchase
price adjustment reflected the circumstance, among
others, that the buyer assumed net liabilities as part of the
transaction. Of the provisional purchase price, an amount
of € 634.1 million was paid in cash; for the balance,
FUNKE Mediengruppe assumed a multi-year, subordinat-
ed loan obligation vis-a-vis Axel Springer SE in the
amount of € 240.7 million. The tax payable in connection
with the sale is expected to be € 248.3 million.

In order to fulfill a proviso imposed in connection with
merger control law, FUNKE Mediengruppe sold some of
the TV program guides acquired under the transaction,
as well as some of its own TV program guides, to a
company of Klambt Mediengruppe. To assist in the
financing of this acquisition, Axel Springer SE guaranteed
a bank loan taken out by this company of Klambt Me-
diengruppe, up to an amount of € 51.0 million. (consist-
ing of € 43.1 million until December 31, 2014)

In connection with the conclusion of the purchase
agreement, the parties also agreed to form joint ventures,
for the marketing of print and digital offerings, and for
retail distribution, to bundle the partners’ activities, re-
sources, and knowledge in these areas. Axel Springer
will exercise managerial control over, and hold the ma-
jority of shares in, both these companies. Foundation of
the joint venture requires approval by the relevant merger

Combined Management Report
Economic report

and cartel authorities; the foundation of the joint venture
was registered with the German Federal Cartel Office for
marketing in January 2015. Axel Springer and FUNKE
Mediengruppe have already been cooperating in these
areas since the finalization of the purchase agreement.

In addition, Ringier Axel Springer Media AG completed a
contractual agreement on April 30, 2014 which was
initially made in December 2013 to sell their business
activities and equity investments in the Czech Re-
public to two Czech entrepreneurs. These activities
include the leading mass-circulation daily BLESK and the
leading news magazine REFLEX, as well as automotive
magazines and women’s magazines. The purchase price
of € 196.5 million, which is based on a company value of
€ 170 million, additionally reflects the net liquidity trans-
ferred to the buyer, in particular.

Overall statement of the Executive
Board on the course of business and
economic environment

The economic environment for media companies is
strongly characterized by the trend towards digitization.
Segments within the Axel Springer Group have therefore
developed accordingly. The strongest increase in reve-
nues was recorded with the two segments that have
been fully digitized, namely Classified Ads and Marketing
Models. The increase in revenues for Paid Models was
somewhat lower in comparison due to the higher propor-
tion of print business which declined due to structural
changes. The course of business was also characterized
by active portfolio management and the acquisition of
digital business models. This development confirms our
strategy for rigorously digitizing the company.


--- Page 17 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Financial performance, liquidity, and financial position

Financial performance of the Group
(continuing operations)

The following presentation of the Group’s financial per-
formance refers exclusively to continuing operations.

At € 3,037.9 million, the total revenues generated in
financial year 2014 were considerably higher (8.4 %) than
the prior-year figure (€ 2,801.4 million). All operating
segments contributed to this revenue growth. Adjusted
for consolidation and currency effects, total revenues
were above the level of the prior-year figure (+ 2.8 %).

The pro-forma revenues of digital media activities
increased to € 1,705.8 million (PY: € 1,568.6 million), re-
flecting organic growth of 8.7 %. Thus, the digital media
share of the Group’s pro-forma total revenues rose from
51.6% in 2013 to 54.5% in 2014. For the operative seg-
ments organic growth was 7.2% for Paid Models, 8.9 %
for Marketing Models, and 9.4 % for Classified Ads. The
pro-forma revenues take into account the development of
companies, which currently belong to the Axel Springer
Group and hence also the companies acquired in 2013
and 2014 on the basis of unaudited financial data.

At € 1,309.3 million, international revenues rose from
1,164.4 million with 12.4 % compared to the prior-year
figure and accounted for 43.1 % (PY: 41.6 %) of Axel
Springer’s total revenues. The increase resulted from the
growing internationalization of the digital business.

27

Total Revenues

€ millions

HB Advertising [J Circulation [Jj Other

—— || 487.5
404.5 | |

—— 735.8
759.1 L

ee 1,815.1
1,667.8

2,801.4

2013 2014 3,037.9

The increase in advertising revenues of 10.8% to

€ 1,815.1 million (PY: € 1,637.8 million) was predomi-
nantly based on growth in the classified ads and market-
ing models, whilst advertising revenues from paid models
only increased slightly. The share of total revenues repre-
sented by advertising revenues was 59.7 % (PY: 58.5 %).
About three quarters (74.5 %) of total advertising reve-
nues were generated in the Group’s digital activities.

At € 735.3 million, the circulation revenues were 3.1%
less than the prior-year figure (€ 759.1 million). Primarily,
consolidation effects had an impact. Adjusted for these
effects, circulation revenues were only slightly less, by
1.3%, than the prior-year comparison figure. Circulation
revenues accounted for 24.2 % (PY: 27.1 %) of total
revenues.

The other revenues of € 487.5 million were 20.5 %
higher than the prior-year figure (PY: 404.5 € million),
due to higher revenues in the Paid Models and Marketing
Models segments. Consolidation effects have the major
effect in this case. When adjusted for such effects the
increase was 5.1%. Thus, they accounted for 16.0 %
(PY: 14.4 %) of total revenues.


--- Page 18 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Segment Revenues

I Paid Models

I Marketing Models
I Classified Ad Models
Il Services/Holding

5.6%

—-

16.9%

51.4%

26.1%

The comparison of segment revenues reveals substan-
tial growth in the Classified Ad Models and Marketing
Models, and lower growth in Paid Models.

Total expenses rose compared to the prior-year figure
by 10.3% to € 2,977.3 million (PY: € 2,700.2 million).

The total of purchased goods and services rose by 6.9%
compared to the prior-year figure to € 990.0 million (PY:

€ 925.8 million). In particular, consolidation of N24 and My
Little Paris and increases within performance-based mar-
keting models are contrasted with circulation-related falls

in our printing activities. The ratio of purchased goods and
services to total revenues rose slightly to 32.6 % (PY:
33.0%).

The rise in personnel expenses from € 52.8 million or
5.7% to € 974.4 million (PY: € 921.6 million) resulted,
above all, from the consolidation of newly acquired sub-
sidiaries and increase in the number of employees within
digital business models, which rose on average by 8.4%
on average during the year. At the same time, reduced
expenses due to restructuring and revaluation of virtual
stock option programs also had an effect.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Depreciation amounted to € 255.6 million, which was
considerably higher than the prior-year value of € 155.1
million. This resulted, alongside higher depreciation on
purchase price allocations, in particular from exceptional
depreciation of € 33.0 million carried out as part of the
evaluation of real estate held for sale and from exceptional
depreciation on goodwill in the Marketing Models segment.

The € 19.4 million increase in other operating income
to € 164.7 million (PY: € 145.3 million) resulted mainly
from the recognition of income related to the Kirch insol-
vency, and from the revaluation of contingent purchase
price liabilities. The other operating expenses of

€ 757.2 million which mainly arose as a consequence
of consolidating newly acquired subsidiaries were above
the prior-year figure of (PY: € 697.7 million). This figure
also contains income and expenses from the settlement
of intra-Group payments between continuing and discon-
tinued operations.

Net investment income of € 81.4 million (PY:

€ 25.7 million during the reporting period was particularly
impacted by the profit realized on the sale of our minority
shareholding in iProperty (€ 55.1 million). In addition, as
in the prior year, the profit realized on the sale of 2.6 % of
our equity stake in Dogan TV was recorded. The operat-
ing net investment income included in the calculation of
EBITDA amounted to € 10.7 million (PY: € 12.1 million).

The Group's financial result improved, in particular due
to the interest income generated from loans granted in the
context of the sale of the domestic print activities, to
€=21.1 million (PY: € -23.1 million). Increased expenses
of contingent considerations had a partially compensating
effect.

Income taxes amounted to € —-78.9 million (PY:

€- 88.1 million). The low tax rate for the reporting period
of 25.1 % (PY: 33.0%), in particular, resulted from largely
tax-neutral income from the disposal of investments.


--- Page 19 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

The earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization (EBITDA) increased, compared to the pre-
vious year, by 11.6% to € 507.1 million (PY:

€ 454.3 million). The EBITDA margin therefore improved
slightly to 16.7 % (PY: 16.2%). The EBITDA of digital
activities rose by 29.9% from € 281.6 million to

€ 365.8 million. This meant that the share of digital busi-
ness of EBITDA rose from 62.0% to 72.1 %. As a result of
the increase in depreciation the earnings before interest
and taxes (EBIT) only rose, compared to the previous
year, by 9.7 % to € 394.6 million (PY: € 359.7 million).
Non-recurring effects such as e.g. gains or losses on the
sale of business divisions and investments are not included
in EBITDA and EBIT; furthermore write-downs from pur-
chase price allocations and write-downs linked with the
sale of real estate are not included in EBIT.

EBITDA
€ millions

I EBITDA margin in %

16.7%

16.2% 507.1

454.3

2013 2014

Consolidated net income from continuing operations

amounted to € 235.7 million (PY: € 178.6 million). Ad-
justed consolidated net income from continuing opera-
tions rose markedly to € 251.2 million (PY:

€ 229.8 million).

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Consolidated Net Income (continuing operations)

€ millions 2014 2013
Consolidated net income

(continuing operations) 235.7 178.6
Non-recurring effects 45.0 10.4
Depreciation from purchase price

allocations 103.9 59.4
Taxes attributable to these effects 43.4 -18.7

Consolidated net income, adjusted
(from continuing operations) 251.2 229.8

Attributable to non-controlling interest,
adjusted 52.3 50.9

Adjusted consolidated net income from
continuing operations attributable to
shareholders of Axel Springer SE 198.8 178.8

Earnings per share from continuing operations (basic =
diluted) amounted to € 1.71 (PY: € 1.34). Based on
average weighted shares outstanding in 2014 (98.9 million),
adjusted earnings per share from continuing opera-
tions (basic = diluted) rose from € 1.81 to € 2.01.

The adjusted consolidated net income and the adjusted
diluted earnings per share are not defined under Interna-
tional Financial Reporting Standards and should there-
fore be regarded as supplementary information to the
consolidated financial statements.


--- Page 20 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Financial performance of the operating
segments (continuing operations)

Paid Models

The Paid Models segment comprises all business mod-
els that are predominantly used by paying readers. This
segment is subdivided into national and international
paid-content models.

Paid Models National

The net reach values of selected portals are presented in
the table below. Because Internet usage via mobile de-
vices is particularly important for some of our digital
activities, mobile reach values are presented in addition
to stationary Internet usage.

Unique Users

Millions Unique Unique
(monthly Users Change Users Change
average) stationary” yoy mobile” yoy’
Bild.de 169 20.7% 58 -
welt.de 94 42% 3.3 -
computerbild.de 49° 20.2% 1.4 -
autobild.de 44 46.1% 07 -
N24.de 3.3 2 19 -
transfermarkt.de 15-67% 18 -
travelbook.de 14 2 - -
stylebook.de 11 -3.4% - -
bz-berlin.de 11-75% 04 -

"Source: AGOF internet facts 2014-11, monthly average 2014 (Sep.Nov,)
®) Source: AGOF mobile facts 2014-III, monthly average 2014 (Jul-Sep).

®) Comparison to prior-year figures not applicable.

* Source: AGOF internet facts 2014-11, Nov. 2014,

The focus of the national digital Paid Models remained to
sign up paying subscribers, also in the area of stationary
Internet. For this purpose, marketing campaigns with
exclusive events were carried out, amongst others, par-
ticularly for subscribers of digital paid models from BILD-
plus and WELT. Both BiLDplus and the corresponding
Offerings from WELT showed a clear increase in the
number of subscribers to digital offers.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

The circulation numbers of the print media in the segment
Paid Models declined in financial year 2014, due to market
trends, while the reach values increased in some cases.

Circulation, Digital Subscriptions, and Reach

Change
Thousands yoy Reach” Change”
Bild/B.Z. -7.7% 11,3211 0.0%
Bild am Sonntag -75% 88187 -46%
Bild digital - 16,892.0 20.7%
Die Welt
Welt Kompakt 206.4 -87% 6983 0.2%

Welt am Sonntag/

Welt am Sonntag Kompakt 400.9 -0.1% 9023 -88%
Welt digital 55.1 -9 94240 4.2%
Auto Bild 4769 -7.9% 2,835.3 18%
Sport Bild 377.2 -6.8% 41525 -1.7%
Computer Bild 357.1 -236% 3,085.5 -9.0%

Source: IW, average paid circulation 2014; For BILD digital and WELT digital: WV,
digital subscriptions (paid content), monthly average 2014 (May-Dec.).

® Source: ma 2015 Pressemedien |; Fir BILD digital and WELT digital: unique users,
AGOF intemet facts 2014-11, monthly average 2014 (Sep.Nov,)

® Compared to ma 2014 Pressemedien Il

“ Comparison to prior-year figures not applicable.

During the reporting period BILD published two special
editions, which each had a circulation of approximately
42 million and were distributed, free of charge, to almost
all households in Germany. One issue was published on
June 6, 2014, due to the World Cup, and the second
issue was published on November 8, 2014, commemo-
rating the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Both issues were successfully marketed to advertising
customers.


--- Page 21 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Paid Models International
The net reach values of selected portals are presented in

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Key Figures Paid Models

the table below. € millions 2014 2013 Change
External revenues 1,561.4 1,521.5 2.6%
Unique Visitors Advertising revenues 671.0 664.0 11%
Circulation revenues 735.3 759.1 -3.1%
Unique
Millions Visitors Change Other revenues 155.0 98.5 57.5%
(monthly average) 2014” yoy
onet.pl 16,463.6 -18% .
National 4,172.7 1,115.3 51%
fakt.pl 3,624.4 12.5%
Advertising revenues 497.7 480.5 3.6%
forbes.ru 2,961.9 11% 7
Circulation revenues 576.9 577.5 -0.1%
blic.rs 2,894.1 63.3%
Other revenues 98.1 57.3 11%
azet.sk 2,218.6 0.0%
cas.sk 1,567.5 10.2%
International 388.7 406.2 § -43%
” Source: comScore Europa, monthly average 2014 (Jan.-Dec.). Advertising revenues 173.4 183.5 55%
: Circulation revenues 158.3 1816 -128%
The circulation and reach figures for the leading mass-
ne vith i a Other revenues 57.0 44 38.5%
circulation dailies within the countries of our joint venture
Ringier Axel Springer Media are presented in the table
below. EBITDA 244.2 250.1 -24%
National 190.9 195.9 -2.6%
Circulation and Reach International 53.3 54.1 -1.6%
Circulation Change Reach Change ‘ os 9
Thousands S014 yey Sold yey EBITDA margin 15.6 % 16.4%
Fakt” 3247 -42% 1,783.5 76% National ce 178%
Blic? 106.6 8.6% 813.2 02% International 13.7% 13.3%
Novy Cas” 401.2 -8.0% 747.6 -8.4%
ry ,
Alo! 914 -17.4% 446.6 — -10.4% The total revenues of the segment Paid Models rose

” Poland, Circulation: ZKDP; Reach: PBC General.
®) Serbia. Circulation: ABC; Reach: Ipsos Strategic Marketing.
® Slovakia. Circulation: ABC; Reach: Median.

The circulation numbers of our international newspapers
and magazines declined, in line with market trends.

31

by 2.6 % to € 1,561.4 million (PY: € 1,521.5 million).
Adjusted for consolidation effects, total revenues were
1.4% less than the prior-year figure. Total advertising
revenues of the segment Paid Models rose by 1.1 % to
€ 671.0 million (PY: € 664.0 million). Adjusted for con-
solidation effects, this meant a fall of 3.4 %. The con-
solidation effects predominantly affected the national
advertising revenues. Adjusted for such effects, this
meant a fall of 3.1 % here. The circulation revenues fell
by 3.1% to € 735.3 million (PY: € 759.1 million). In
Germany, circulation revenues were nearly unchanged
(0.1 %). This development was influenced by the effects
of price increases as well as higher digital circulation
revenues. The 12.8 % drop in the international sector


--- Page 22 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

resulted mainly from consolidation effects related to the
sale of the Group’s women’s magazines and TV pro-
gram guides in France in the middle of last year. When
adjusted for consolidation effects, the drop was 4.1%.
The considerable increase of other revenues in the Paid
Models segment of 57.5 % to € 155.0 million (PY:

€ 98.5 million) was primarily due to consolidation.
When adjusted for these effects, the other revenues
rose by 8.4 % in the national segment and 16.4 % in
the international segment.

At € 244.2 million, the EBITDA figure was 2.4% lower than
the prior-year figure (€ 250.1 million). The decline of the
higher margin advertising and circulation revenues for the
print titles could only be partly offset by the newly acquired
business (N24) and growth in the other revenues. Restruc-
turing expenses (€ 26.4 million, PY: € 37.4 million) and
the launch costs for establishing new business models.

(€ 17.2 million as compared to PY: € 26.7 million) were
below prior-year figures. The margin on the segment fell
from 16.4% in the previous year to 15.6% in the current
financial year.

EBIT in the Paid Models segment fell by 7.5 % from

€ 225.2 million to € 208.2 million. This was due to higher
write-downs of 44.2%, which, during the financial year,
amounted to € 35.9 million (PY: € 24.9 million).

Marketing Models

The segment Marketing Models comprises all business
models that generate revenues predominantly through
sales to advertising customers of reach-based or perfor-
mance-based marketing services.

Internet usage via mobile devices is particularly important
for some of our digital activities. Accordingly, the mobile
net reach values of selected portals (to the extent they
are available) are presented in addition to stationary
Internet usage, in the table below.

32

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Unique Users

Millions Unique Unique
(monthly Users Change Users Change
average) stationary” yoy mobile” yoy”
aufeminin.com 38.49 -16.6% - -
idealo.de 96” -7.2% - -
kaufDA.de 34  -13.8% 28 -
finanzen.net 27 16.5% 03 -
hamburg.de 14 46% 04 -

' Source: AGOF internet facts 2014-11, monthly average 2014 (Sep.-Nov,)
Source: AGOF mobile facts 2014-II, monthly average 2014 (Jul.-Sep.)
Comparison to prior-year figures not applicable.

Source: comScore World, monthly average 2014 (Jan.-Dec))

Source: AGOF internet facts 2014-11, Nov. 2014.

Under the local brand name retale.com kaufDA success-
fully continued its entry into the US-American market
which started at the end of 2013, and has gained addi-
tional advertising clients.

Key Figures Marketing Models

€ millions 2014 2013 Change
External revenues 794.1 716.5 10.8%
Advertising revenues 651.3 592.0 10.0%
Other revenues 142.7 124.5 14.6%
Reach Based Marketing 279.3 239.9 16.5%
Performance Marketing 514.7 476.7 8.0%
EBITDA” 109.7 103.4 6.0%
Reach Based Marketing 90.8 87.2 41%
Performance Marketing 23.7 20.1 179%
EBITDA margin” 13.8% 14.4%
Reach Based Marketing 32.5% 36.3%
Performance Marketing 4.6% 42%

” Total EBITDA includes costs of € 4.8 million in 2014 and € 3.9 million in 2013, not
allocated to the two pillars.


--- Page 23 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

The total revenues of the Marketing Models segment
were 10.8 % higher compared to prior-year figures at
€ 794.1 million (PY: € 716.5 million). When adjusted for
consolidation effects, revenues rose markedly by 7.8%.
Most of the revenue growth resulted from the 10.0% in

advertising revenues to € 651.3 million (PY: € 592.0 million).

This increase was mainly attributable to zanox Group in
the area of Performance Marketing. Growth of other
revenues by 14.6 % to € 142.7 million (PY: € 124.5
million) was predominantly due to consolidation of My
Little Paris within the reach marketing segment; when

adjusted for consolidation effects this increase was 1.5%.

EBITDA in the segment rose by 6.0% to € 109.7 million
(PY: € 103.4 million). The lower increase in earnings
compared to the rise in revenue is, on the one hand,
linked to lower margins in high-turnover Performance
marketing and also to higher expenses for establishing
new business models (€ 12.8 million, compared to PY:
€7.1 million) as well as restructuring expenses to a
lesser extent (€ 1.3 million, compared to PY: € 0.0 million).
The EBITDA margin fell slightly from 14.4 % to 13.8%.

EBIT in the Marketing Models segment fell slightly by 1.1 %
from € 93.9 million to € 92.8 million. This was due to higher
write-downs of 76.5 %, which, during the financial year,
amounted to € 16.9 million (PY: € 9.6 million).

Classified Ad Models

All Business models which predominantly generate reve-
nues in online classified advertising are summarized in
the Classified Ad Models segment.

The segment is sub-divided into jobs, real estate, and
general/other.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Key Figures Classified Ad Models

€ millions 2014 2013 Change
External revenues 512.0 402.6 27.2%

Advertising revenues 492.7 381.9 29.0%

Other revenues: 19.3 20.8 -7.0%
Jobs 256.4 198.9 28.9%
Real Estate 193.5 181.3 6.7%
General/Other 62.1 22.4 >100%
EBITDA 221.4 163.8 35.2%
Jobs 417.7 81.6 44.3%
Real Estate 92.4 82.3 12.3%
General/Other 14.9 28 >100%

EBITDA margin 43.2% 40.7%
Jobs 45.9% 41.0%
Real Estate 47.8% 45.4%
General/Other 23.9% 12.6%

” Total EBITDA includes costs of € 3.5 million in 2014 and € 2.9 million in 2013, not
allocated to the three pillars,

The segment Classified Ad Models registered the biggest
revenue growth during the financial year with revenues of
€ 512.0 million and growth of 27.2 % compared to the
previous year (€ 402.6 million). Alongside an improve-
ment in operative results, consolidation effects due to the
acquisitions of Saongroup, YourCareerGroup and of
Jobsite within Jobs sector and of Yad2 and LaCentrale
in the general/other ads sectors, amongst others, were
also noted during the financial year. Adjusted for these
effects, revenue growth came to 10.7 %. Similarly, the
increase in advertising revenues by 29.0 % to

€ 492.7 million (PY: € 381.9 million) was largely attribut-
able to consolidation effects. Adjusted for these effects,
the increase came to 12.7 %.


--- Page 24 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Segment EBITDA rose considerably by 35.2 % to

€ 221.4 million (PY: € 163.8 million). As in the case of
revenues, some of this increase can be attributed to
consolidation effects. Adjusted for these effects, the
increase came to 18.3%. The margin increased from
40.7 % to 43.2%.

EBIT in the Classified Ad Models segment rose by 35.3 %
from € 149.6 million to € 202.3 million. This was due to
higher write-downs of 34.3%, which, during the financial
year, amounted to € 19.1 million (PY: € 14.2 million).

Services/Holding

Service and holding functions are combined under the
Services/Holding segment. This segment also comprises
our centralized marketing unit Axel Springer Media Im-
pact as well as all activities related to the production and
distribution of the BILD Group and the company’s mag-
azines, including the Group’s own three printing plants
and the management of all logistical activities for Axel
Springer.

Key Figures Services/Holding

€ millions 2014 2013 Change
External revenues 170.5 160.8 6.1%
EBITDA -68.2 -63.0

External revenues in the Services/Holding segment were
€ 170.5 million, 6.1 % above the prior-year figure of
(€ 160.8 million).

EBITDA was at € -68.2 million, and as a consequence
of lower reversals of provisions it was lower than the
prior-year figure (€ -63.0 million). Restructuring expens-
es were € 20.2 million, slightly below the prior-year figure
of (€ 21.3 million).

The EBIT in the Services/Holding segment remained almost
unchanged at € - 108.8 million (PY: € - 108.9 million). This
was a result of depreciation being lower by 11.7%, which
stood at € - 40.6 million during the reporting period (PY:

€ 46.0 milion).

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Financial performance of discontinued
operations

Discontinued operations include the German regional
newspapers, TV program guides, and women’s maga-
zine that were purchased by FUNKE Mediengruppe as of
April 30, 2014, as well as the business activities and
equity investments of Ringier Axel Springer Media in the
Czech Republic that were sold to two Czech entrepre-
neurs (see page 26). Discontinued operations also in-
clude the current results realized in the period from Jan-
uary 1 to April 30, 2014, and gains on disposal.

Discontinued Operations

Jan.-Apr.
€ millions 2014 2013
External revenues 181.3 572.6
EBITDA 29.3 116.6
EBITDA margin 16.2% 20.4%

Given the non-comparability of the periods covered in
the present report, no commentary is offered on the
year-on-year development of revenues and EBITDA from
discontinued operations.

Consolidated net income from discontinued opera-
tions amounted to € 668.3 million (PY: € 65.1 million);
this figure included the gains on disposal of the Group’s
German and international print activities as of April 30,
2014, in the amount of € 649.2 million (after taxes).
Adjusted for non-recurring effects and amortization and
impairments from purchase price allocations, consolidat-
ed net income from discontinued operations amounted
to € 19.7 million (PY: € 80.6 million).

Earnings per share from discontinued operations
(basic/diluted) amounted to € 6.37 (PY: € 0.65). Based
on the average weighted shares outstanding in the re-
porting period (98.9 million), adjusted earnings per
share from discontinued operations (basic/diluted) de-
creased by € 0.73 to € 0.17.


--- Page 25 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Adjusted consolidated net income and adjusted earnings
per share are not defined under International Financial
Reporting Standards, and should therefore be regarded
as supplementary information to the consolidated finan-
cial statements.

Liquidity

Financial management

As a general rule, Axel Springer SE provides all financing
for the Axel Springer Group. This arrangement ensures
that the Group companies have sufficient liquidity at all
times. The overriding goal of financial management is to
provide cost-effective liquidity in the form of maturity-
matched financing.

Net Liquidity/Debt

€ millions 2014 2013
Cash and cash equivalents 383.1 248.6
Financial liabilities 1,050.9 719.8
Net liquidity/debt - 667.8 471.3

The increase in the net debt presented as of December 31,
2014, in the amount of € 667.8 million (PY: € 471.3 million)
resulted predominantly from cash outflows from finalized
company acquisitions and increasing our holding in Axel
Springer Digital Classifieds as part of our digitization and
internationalization strategy. This was only partially offset
by payments from the sale of domestic and international
print activities, our 17.2 % non-controlling interests in
iProperty and of 2.6 % of our share in Dogan TV.

Up until September 30, 2014, there was a Schuldschein
(promissory note) with a nominal value of € 500.0 million and
terms up to April 2016 (nominal value of € 269.5 million)
and up to April 2018 (nominal value of € 230.5 million).

In order to optimize our financing conditions, in October
2014, we improved the average rate of interest, increased
the financing volume by € 137.0 million and extended
the average term around two years through the partial
termination, transformation and subscription of new
Schuldschein volumes. From now on, new tranches of
the Schuldschein have terms up to April 2016 (nominal

Combined Management Report
Economic report

value of € 56.5 million), up to April 2018 (nominal value
of € 112.0 million), up to October 2018 (nominal value of
€ 220.0 million) and up to October 2020 (nominal value
of € 248.5 million). Alongside the Schuldschein there is a
credit facility of € 900.0 million, the repayment of which
is due in September 2017. Both the Schuldschein and
the credit facility may be used either for general business
purposes and/or for financing acquisitions.

As of December 31, 2014 € 409.0 million of the existing
credit facility has been used (December 31, 2013:

€ 150.0 million). The total available amount of unutilized
short-term and long-term credit facilities was € 511.0
million (December 31, 2013: € 770.0 million).

Cash flows
The following presentation of cash flows also includes
discontinued operations.

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Condensed)

€ millions 2014 2013
Cash flow from continuing operations 360.8 423.4
Cash flow from investing activities 92.7 -178.8
Cash flow from financing activities -343.8 -210.9
Change in cash and cash equivalents 109.6 33.7
Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 383.1 248.6

The cash flow from operating activities amounted to

€ 360.8 million (PY: € 423.4 million). The decrease re-
sulted mainly from the fact that the current figure only
includes discontinued operations up until April 30, 2014.
This figure included continuing operations in the amount
of € 339.2 million (PY: € 338.9 million). This slightly posi-
tive development resulted from the improved set of op-
erating results, which were affected by higher restructur-
ing expenses in the previous year; during the reporting
period they had a negative effect on cash flow due to the
increased outgoings on structural measures.


--- Page 26 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

The cash flow from investing activities amounted to

€ 92.7 million (PY: € -—178.8 million). This figure included
discontinued operations in the amount of € 533.5 million
(PY: € -3.9 million); this largely comprises the receipt of
the purchase price (less cash and cash equivalents
given up) from the finalized sale of our print activities of
€ 792.4 million less tax prepayments of € 254.1 million.
The cash flow from investing activities from continued
activities in the amount of € —440.8 million (PY:
€-174.9 million) was mainly characterized by payments
(less cash equivalents acquired) from the acquisition of
subsidiaries and financial investments of € 572.5 million
in total, which particularly included the acquisitions of
N24, My Little Paris, Yad2, LaCentrale, Jobsite, Project A
and OZY. Furthermore, alongside ongoing investments in
intangible assets, and property, plant, and equipment,
full repayment of the purchase price claim from the sales
of our regional newspaper investments in 2009 (€ 75.0
million; PY: € 25.0 million), payments from the sale of
our 17.2 % non-controlling interest in iProperty

(€ 74.3 million) and the sale of our 2.6% share in Dogan
TV (€ 62.5 million; PY: € 61.6 million). The cash outflow
of € - 181.7 million in the prior year was mainly influenced
by the acquisitions of Saongroup and YourCareerGroup.

The cash flow from financing activities during the report-
ing period amounted to € — 343.8 million (PY: € -210.9
million). It was solely included within continuing opera-
tions and was, in particular, characterized by the acquisi-
tion of a 15 % equity stake in Axel Springer Digital Classi-
fieds from General Atlantic (€ 446.0 million) as well as
new loans as financial liabilities. Furthermore, the current
figure included payment of dividends to shareholders of
Axel Springer SE and a special distribution of funds of

€ 90.7 million in connection with the completed sale of
our print activities in the Czech Republic.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Financial position
The following presentation also includes the separately

presented assets and liabilities attributable to discontin-
ued operations.

Consolidated Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2014 12/31/2013
Non-current assets 4315.8 3,680.2
Current assets 1,241.9 1,093.6
Assets 5557.7 4,773.8
Equity 2,354.9 2,244.0
Non-current liabilities 2,169.6 1,601.7
Current liabilities 1,033.2 928.1
Equity and liabilities 5557.7 4,773.8

At € 5,557.7 million, the total assets presented in the
consolidated statement of financial position were consid-
erably higher than the corresponding figure at year-end
2013 (PY: € 4,773.8 million). This increase resulted
mainly from the sale of national and international print
activities, which was completed in late April. A profit on
disposal (before taxes) of € 897.4 million was recognized,
and purchase price proceeds (less cash and cash equiv-
alents transferred to the buyer, and tax prepayments) of
€ 538.3 million were recognized in connection with this
transaction.

Development of the long-term financial position resulted
predominantly from the increase in intangible assets,
which amounted to € 652.0 million after initial consolida-
tion of My Little Paris, N24, Yad2, LaCentrale, and
Jobsite took place. Furthermore, financial investments
increased from € 433.9 million to € 633.2 million, which
was primarily due to the long-term loan granted as part
of the sale of our domestic print activities which was not
paid in cash (€ 240.7 million) and the acquisition of
Project A and OZY, and at the same time the sale of our
17.2% equity investment in iProperty and the sale of 2.6%
of our holding in Dogan TV offset this.


--- Page 27 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

In contrast, in connection with a planned sale of property
that was previously held under property and equipment
and also as an investment in assets held separately for
sale at fair value less planned sales costs of € 95.9 mil-
lion. In addition, the other long-term assets were reduced
due to the premature and full repayment of the purchase
price claim from the sale of our regional newspaper in-
vestments, which took place in 2009.

The increase in current assets from € 1,093.6 million to
€ 1,241.9 million predominantly resulted from an in-
crease in the existing cash and cash equivalents, from
the reclassification of long-term assets kept for sale

(€ 95.9 million), and the increase in trade receivables. In
addition, the other short-term assets increased, mainly
due to initial consolidation of acquired companies, and
granting a loan for immediate payment of a special dis-
tribution of funds in connection with the completed sale
of print activities in the Czech Republic. By contrast,
finalization of the sale of our domestic and international
print activities allowed the assets held for sale from the
previous year to be written off.

Equity amounted to € 2,354.9 million and was, despite
the consolidated net income generated, only slightly
above that of the end of 2013 (PY: € 2,244.0 million).
Alongside the payments of dividends to the shareholders.
of Axel Springer SE and to minority partners, this could
be traced back to the acquisition of 15% of shares in
Axel Springer Digital Classifieds, within the context of
which the difference between the purchase price and the
holdings of other partners was recorded within equity
without affecting net income. The equity ratio fell to 42.4 %
(PY: 47.0%).

The increase in long-term outside capital was largely due
to an increase in pension provisions, financial liabilities
and other liabilities. The increase in pension provisions
results from the current market level following adjustment
of the discounting rate to 1.9 % (as of December 31,
2013: 3.6 %). Financial liabilities rose, in particular, due to
utilization of our credit facility in connection with completed

37

Combined Management Report
Economic report

company acquisitions, and by restructuring and subscrip-
tion of our Schuldschein (promissory note). The increase
in other liabilities was primarily due to initial consolidation
of acquired companies and in particular due to recogni-
tion of liabilities from option rights granted for acquisition
of remaining non-controlling interests.

Current liabilities rose mainly due to consolidation-related
increases of trade payables and other liabilities. In addi-
tion, we have also identified a long-term finance lease
liability of € 62.0 million as being kept for sale as it con-
sists of part of a building which was an asset held for
sale as part of a finance lease as of December 31, 2014.
In contrast, finalization of the sale of domestic and for-
eign print activities resulted in de-recognition of the liabili-
ties that were held for sale.

Non-financial performance indicators

Employees

Axel Springer had an average of 13,917 (PY: 12,843)
employees (excluding vocational trainees and journalism
students/interns) in the reporting period. The 8.4 % in-
crease over the prior-year figure resulted primarily from
newly consolidated companies. Outside of Germany,
Axel Springer had an average of 5,727 employees (PY:
5,281); this accounted for 41.2 % (PY: 41.1 %) of the
workforce. On average, 5,847 of the Group’s total work-
force were women and 8,070 were men. The number of
editors fell during the reporting period by 0.9% to 2,771,
however the number of employees - largely due to ex-
pansion of digital business activities and new equity
stakes - rose by a total of 14.1% to 10,457 employees.

Employees by Segments (continuing operations)

Average number per year 2014 2013 Change
Paid Models 5,951 5,882 1.2%
Marketing Models 2,220 1,882 18.0%
Classified Ad Models 2,580 1,826 41.3%
Services/Holding 3166 3,253 -2.7%
Group 13,917 12,843 8.4%



--- Page 28 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

The small increase in the Paid Models segment was pri-
marily due to initial consolidation of the N24 Group. In the
Marketing Models segment, the increase resulted from the
growth of reach-based marketing activities. The strongest
growth occurred in the Classified Ad Models segment,
mainly due to acquisitions, but also to organic growth.

Length of service and age structure

As of December 31, 2014, the average length of service
with the Axel Springer Group was 10.5 (PY: 10.4) years;
42.5 % (PY: 46.3%) of employees have worked for the
company for longer than ten years. More than half of all
employees are between 30 and 49 years of age. The
proportion of severely disabled employees in German
companies was, on average over the year, 3.8 % (PY:
3.7%).

Equal opportunity and diversity

Axel Springer promotes the development of all its em-
ployees equally. Thus in 2010, Axel Springer launched a
new, Group-wide project entitled “Chancen:gleich!” to
increase the percentage of women in senior manage-
ment positions, so as to achieve a better balance be-
tween women and men in the company’s management.
The objective of this program is to increase the percent-
age of women on all management levels to more than
30%, as a company-wide average. Instead of a uniform
quota, we adopted individual targets for each area of the
company. As of December 31, 2014, women held 27.8%
of management positions at Axel Springer’s companies
in Germany.

Personnel development

The training and continuing education activities of Per-
sonnel Development have been closely aligned with the
requirements of the digitization movement in prior years.
More than one third of the continuing education program
in 2014 consisted of newly developed training courses
that cover various aspects of the digital transformation.
Together with the formats and seminars that have already
been successfully established, the new personnel devel-
opment activities are clearly focused on digital content.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

The “move” personne! development started in January
2014, which is an initiative which represents change and
movement, and should drive and support the transfor-
mation process in the company. A variety of unconvention-
al formats, measures and offers are part of "move"; these
deal with future topics in the digital world and emphasize
the networking aspect whilst simultaneously providing
knowledge transfer. Around 70 “move” events took place
during the year. The initiative won several awards.

Research and development

Axel Springer does not have a traditional research and
development department of the kind that industrial en-
terprises maintain. All areas of the company constantly
strive to optimize their existing products and introduce
innovative new products to the market. Above all, we
seek to continuously expand our portfolio with innova-
tions in the digital sector, as well as new print formats,
besides continuously improving our editorial content and
upgrading our journalistic excellence. In that regard, we
pay especially close attention to identifying changing
media usage habits as early as possible.

Technology platform for paid content offerings

The existing platforms for paid content were also sys-
tematically expanded during the financial year. Improve-
ments in the registration process (“Single Sign On”),
integration of additional sales agreements and further
developments in the area of content management sys-
tems were implemented on our platforms.

Further development of marketing services

In the Marketing Models, existing online offers were
continuously developed and supplemented by new ones.
Development of innovative product functionalities and
marketing technologies for increasing reach and use of
offers as well as monetization is a key priority for our
investments. In addition, we also invest in new compa-
nies in an early stage of development, which develop
new business models and technologies. This is either as
a direct investment, or indirectly via investment compa-
nies such as the Project A-Ventures, where Axel Springer
and the Otto Group are both involved, or Axel Springer
Plug & Play Accelerator GmbH, a joint venture with Plug
& Play Tech Center in Silicon Valley.


--- Page 29 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Further development of classified portals
The development of the forefront activities also applies to
the Classified Ad Models segment.

For this reason, the StepStone Group also invested in its
mobile offerings during 2014. A new Totaljobs app was
launched in Great Britain, and a new app for recruiters
was introduced in Germany which enables direct search-
ing for candidates to be carried out on the move.

In the real estate models, Immonet has brought out an
app for Android Wear, the smart watch operating system,
which should make searching in real-time for real estate
easier.

Sustainability and social responsibility

For Axel Springer, sustainability is the nexus between
economic success and conduct that is both environmen-
tally responsible and socially fair. These three criteria are
firmly anchored in the company’s business strategy.
Therefore, sustainability is an integral part of all the com-
pany’s business processes. The Sustainability Depart-
ment supports all the company’s activities in this area,
ranging from resource efficiency measures to social
responsibility initiatives. This department reports directly
to the Executive Board Chairman. Through our sustaina-
bility strategy, we exercise responsibility for current and
future generations and establish the foundation for long-
term business success.

39

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Since the mid-1990s Axel Springer has published envi-
ronmental reports, and sustainability reports have been
published since 2000. Since 2005 we have published a
sustainability report on a biannual basis, which follows the
full list of indicators of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI),
the internationally relevant format for sustainability report-
ing. The current sustainability report in "GRI+" format is
also documented in the "Media Sector Supplement"
(GRI+). This section provides additional indicators that are
reflective of the specific issues encountered by journalism
companies. At the same time, the report focuses on
aspects of digitization which are relevant from a sustaina-
bility perspective. Axel Springer’s sustainability reports are
audited by independent auditors. The current sustainabil-
ity report appeared in the middle of 2014 and can be
found at www.sustainability.axelspringer.com. The next
sustainability report will appear in the middle of 2016.


--- Page 30 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

General assessment of the company’s
financial performance, liquidity, and
financial position by the Executive
Board

Axel Springer has systematically continued to follow the
strategy of digital transformation in financial year 2014. We
have driven digitization organically as well as via acquisi-
tions. The most meaningful step in this context was the
agreement with growth investor General Atlantic finalized
at the end of 2014 regarding the acquisition of their 30 %
equity share in our digital classified advertising business.
Already during the first half of the year, the sale of domes-
tic regional newspapers and the TV program guides and
women’s magazines to FUNKE Mediengruppe was suc-
cessfully finalized. EBITDA, EBIT, and the adjusted earn-
ings per share from continuing operations were all consid-
erably higher than in the previous year. Considering the
strong cash flow, the still exceedingly solid balance sheet
structure, and the cost-effective financing options available
to the company, Axel Springer finds itself in an excellent
position to generate future growth, both through organic
growth and through acquisitions.

We continue to believe that the path of systematic digiti-
zation is the right strategy for assuring and further im-
proving the company’s profitability in the future.

Combined Management Report
Economic report

Financial performance, liquidity, and financial position

(continuing operations)

Group Key Figures

(Selection, in € millions) 2014 2013 2012
Total revenues 3,037.9 2,801.4 2,737.3
EBITDA” 507.1 454.3 498.8
EBITDA margin! 16.7 % 16.2% 18.2%
EBT? 394.6 359.7 413.6
Tax rate 25.1% 33.0% 32.8 %
Consolidated net income 235.7 178.6 190.7
Consolidated net income,

adjusted” 251.2 229.8 258.6
Eamings per share, adjusted

(ne 2.01 1.81 2.20
Dividend per share (in €)” 1.80 1.80 1.70
Total dividends” 178.41 178.1 167.9
Net debt/liquidity 667.8 -471.3 -449.6
Free cash flow? 2444 246.1 297.3

Adjusted for non-recurring effects.
' Adjusted for non-recurring effects and amortization and impairments from
purchase price allocations.

For all years indicated herein, the adjusted basic/diluted earings per share were
calculated on the basis of weighted average shares outstanding in the given finan-
cial year (98.9 milion).

“| Dividend proposal for financial year 2014.

Cash flow from operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus cash inflows on
disposal of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment.


--- Page 31 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Economic position of Axel Springer SE

€ millions 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Revenues 41746 1,442.8 © 1,507.1 1,551.2 1,576.6
Net income 590.8 186.4 371.9 260.2 161.3
Transfers to retained earnings” 412.7 83 204.0 92.6 40
Total dividends” 178.4 178.1 167.9 167.6 157.3
Dividend per share (in €))” 1.80 1.80 1.70 1.70 1.60

") The amount of the dividend for 2014 and the appropriation to retained earnings (after deduction of an advance appropriation of € 295.4 milion) are subject to the condition of

approval by the annual shareholders’ meeting

®) ‘The dividend per share for the year 2010 was adjusted to account for the share split conducted in 2011

Introductory remarks

The management report of the parent company Axel
Springer SE, Berlin, is combined with the management
report of the Axel Springer Group. The following state-
ments are based on the separate financial statements of
Axel Springer SE, which were prepared in accordance
with the regulations of the German Commercial Code
and the German Stock Corporations Act. The separate
financial statements and the management report will be
announced in the Electronic Federal Gazette and pub-
lished on the website of Axel Springer SE.

Business activity

Axel Springer SE is operationally active in the Paid
Models segment and mainly publishes nationwide daily
and weekly newspapers as well as automobile, comput-
er, and sports magazines. Furthermore, Axel Springer SE,
in its role as a parent company of the Axel Springer
Group also exercises holding functions, monitors Group-
wide liquidity management and performs other services
to Group companies. The general economic conditions
of Axel Springer SE correspond essentially to those of
the Group and are described in the economic report (see
page 22 et seq).

Financial performance

The financial performance of Axel Springer SE in the
financial year 2014 was characterized by the sale of
regional newspapers as well as TV program guides and
women's magazines to FUNKE Mediengruppe, which
was finalized at the end of April 2014. The profit on dis-

4

posal due to Axel Springer SE amounted to € 797.8
million, and was recorded as extraordinary profit. As the
income and expenses relating to the sold activities were
no longer included from May 2014 onwards as a conse-
quence of the sale, considerable falls were noted, partic-
ularly in revenues and also in purchased goods and
services and personnel expenses.

Income Statement (Condensed)

€ millions 2014 2013
Revenues 11746 © 1,442.8
Other operating income 1253 © 133.4
Purchased goods and services -290.4 -368.3
Personnel expenses -382.1  -481.3
Amortization, depreciation, and impairments

of intangible assets and property, plant and

equipment -45.7 34.0
Other operating expenses -532.1 550.5
Net income from non-current financial assets 623 1119
Net interest income -32.2 -24.5
Profit from ordinary activities 69.7 = 229.5
Extraordinary profit 797.8 0.0
Taxes -2767 = -43.1
Net income 5908 186.4

Revenues fell by € 268.2 million or 18.6 %. There was
also a fall in circulation and advertising revenues of

€ 197.8 million and € 78.9 million, respectively. In con-
trast, other revenues were 5.9% above prior-year figures
at € 153.7 million.


--- Page 32 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

The cost of purchased goods and services was less than
the prior-year figure, due to the lower expenses for paper,
printing services, and fees, falling by € 77.9 million to

€ 290.4 million. At roughly 25 %, the ratio of purchased
goods and services to total revenues was little changed
from the prior year.

The personnel expenses of € 382.1 million remained
20.6 % lower than the prior-year figure. The cause of this
was the lower number of employees in particular. The
average number of employees declined by 21.4%, from
4,282 in the prior year to 3,364 in financial year 2014.

Amortization, depreciation, and impairments of intangible
assets and property, plant and equipment increased by
€ 11.7 million to € 45.7 million, mainly due to an impair-
ment of one item of property.

Net income from non-current financial assets amounted
to € 52.3 million. The fall of € 59.6 million resulted largely
from a lower income from participating interests (€ 19.3
million; PY: € 105.2 million), which contained additional
dividend payments in preparation for the sale of newspa-
per and magazine activities in the previous year. At the
same time, profit and loss transfers as well as earnings
from loans rose by € 8.6 million and € 9.1 million, respec-
tively. Also, lower impairments of € 8.6 million of financial
investments were recorded during the reporting period.

Net interest income (€ - 32.2 million) fell by € 7.7 million.
The reasons for this were mainly higher interest expendi-
ture as part of Group-wide liquidity management and
prepayments penalty in connection with the restructuring
of the existing Schuldschein (promissory note).

Profit from ordinary activities amounted to € 69.7 million
in financial year 2014 (PY: € 229.5 million). After taking
the extraordinary profit into consideration and tax ex-
penditures there was an annual surplus of

€ 590.8 million (PY: € 186.4 million).

Liquidity

Axel Springer SE restructured the existing Schuldschein
during the financial year. Due to partial cancellation and

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

conversion of existing tranches as well as subscription the
average rate of interest was improved, the financing vol-
ume was increased by € 137.0 million to € 637.0 million
and the average term was extended by two years (further
details can be seen in Group Liquidity, page 35).

Alongside the promissory note there is a credit facility of
€ 900.0 million, the repayment of which is due in Septem-
ber 2017. Both the promissory note and the credit facility
may be used either for general business purposes
and/or for financing acquisitions.

Net debt (liabilities due to banks and promissory note less
cash and cash equivalents) on December 31, 2014
amounted to € 946.1 million (PY: € 587.4 million). As of
the reporting date unutilized short-term and long-term
credit facilities amounted to € 511.0 million. (PY: € 770.0
million).

Financial position

Balance Sheet (Condensed)

€ millions 12/31/2014 12/31/2013

Intangible assets, and property, plant, and

equipment 220.9 245.8
Non-current financial assets 42847 3,231.9
Trade receivables 39.4 136.9
Receivables from affiliated companies 718 42.7
Cash and cash equivalents 99.9 62.6
Other assets 102.6 166.4
Total assets 4819.3 3,886.3
Equity 1,965.1 1,552.4
Provisions 383.2 375.8
Liabilities due to banks and promissory

note bonds 1,046.0 650.0
Liabilities to affiliated companies 1,328.7 1,160.1
Other liabilities 96.3 148.0
Total equity and liabilities 4819.3 3,886.3

Total assets rose by € 933.0 million to € 4,819.3 million
during the financial year. Non-current assets amounted
to € 4,505.6 million (PY: € 3,477.7 million) and account-

42


--- Page 33 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

ed for 93.5 % (PY: 89.5 %) of total assets. 43.6 % (PY:
44.6 % was covered by equity.

Non-current financial assets increased during the financial
year by € 1,052.8 million to € 4,284.7 million. The in-
crease mainly resulted from additional payments to capital
reserves by subsidiaries for financing acquisitions as well
as vendor loans granted to the amount of € 240.7 million
as part of the sale of the German regional newspapers, TV
program guides, and women’s magazines.

A major factor in the reduction of trade receivables by

€ 97.5 million to € 39.4 million was the contribution of
marketing and distribution activities into independent
service companies. This resulted in contrary effects, espe-
cially in receivables from affiliated companies, which rose
by € 29.1 million to € 71.8 million.

In other assets, the payment of the deferred purchase
price for the sale of regional newspaper investments final-
ized in the 2009 financial year amounted to € 75.0 million.

Equity increased by € 412.7 million to € 1,965.1 million.
The equity ratio increased to 40.8 % (PY: 39.9%).

Provisions increased by € 7.4 million to € 383.2 million
compared to the same time last year. The main reasons
for the increase were provisions for guarantees granted in
connection with the sold newspaper and magazine activi-
ties. Contrary effects arose from lower tax provisions.

In particular, lower subscription prepayments as a result of
the sale of the German regional newspapers, TV program
guides, and women’s magazines led to a reduction of
other liabilities.

Combined Management Report
Economic position of Axel Springer SE

Profit utilization proposal

The Supervisory Board and Executive Board propose
that the company apply an amount of € 178.1 million
(PY: € 178.1 million) from the distributable profit of

€ 295.4 million (PY: € 178.1 million) to pay a dividend
of € 1.80 (PY: € 1.80) per qualifying share for financial
year 2014, and to appropriate the remaining amount of
€117.3 million (PY: € 0.0 million) to the other retained
earnings.

The company does not currently hold any treasury
shares, so that all the company’s shares qualify for divi-
dends. However, the number of shares qualifying for
dividends may be reduced in the time remaining before
the annual shareholders’ meeting. In that case, an ad-
justed profit utilization proposal will be submitted to the
annual shareholders’ meeting, without changing the
target dividend of € 1.80 per qualifying share.

Dependency Report

The Executive Board of Axel Springer SE submitted

the Dependency Report prescribed by Section 312 of
the German Stock Corporations Act (AktG) to the Super-
visory Board and made the following concluding state-
ment:

“According to the circumstances known to the manage-
ment at the time of each transaction with an affiliated
company, Axel Springer SE received adequate consider-
ation for every such transaction and did not take, or fail
to take, any actions in the reporting period, either at the
behest or in the interest of the controlling company or a
company affiliated with the controlling company.”


--- Page 34 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Events after the reporting date

Events after the reporting date

On February 11, 2015 we finalized an agreement with
the shareholders of the real estate portal Immowelt re-
garding combining the Immowelt Group and the Immo-
net Group, belonging to Axel Springer Digital Classifieds.
After finalization of various purchase and contribution
agreements both real estate portals will be brought un-
der the auspices of the new Immowelt Holding AG com-
pany, where we will have a majority shareholding of 55 %
via Axel Springer Digital Classifieds. The remaining 45 %
is kept by the current shareholders of Immowelt AG, and
they have various options available for selling their hold-
ing. The transaction was based on a valuation of both
companies totaling € 420 million. We will pay a total of

approximately € 131 million as purchase price payments
to the previous partners of Immowelt in connection with
creating the new structure. The combining of both por-
tals makes it possible to sustainably improve the com-
petitive position within the German market segment for
real estate portals. The transaction is still awaiting ap-
proval from the relevant cartel authorities.

At the beginning of January 2015 the acquisition of 51%
of shares in @Leisure Holding B.V., Amsterdam, the
Netherlands, was completed (see page 25).


--- Page 35 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Report on risks and opportunities

Risk policy principles and risk strategy

At Axel Springer, we define risks as the possibility of
negative deviations of actual business performance from
the planned targets or objectives, while opportunities
represent the possibility of positive deviations. The risk
policy principles and risk strategy of Axel Springer are
closely aligned and coordinated with the business strat-
egy and business objectives. We do not seek to avoid
risks at all costs, but to carefully weigh the opportunities
and risks associated with our decisions and our business
activities, from a well-informed perspective. Accordingly,
opportunities should be systematically exploited and
risks should be assumed only if they remain within ap-
propriate limits that are acceptable to the company as
well as create additional opportunities to sustainably
generate income or increase the company’s value. Thus,
risks should be limited to a level deemed acceptable by
the company’s management by taking appropriate
measures, be transferred to third parties in full or in part,
or, in those cases where risk mitigation is not considered
advisable, be avoided or monitored closely. All employ-
ees are duty-bound to handle risks responsibly within
their own area of responsibility.

Group-wide risk management system

In accordance with national and international require-
ments, we also continued the process of establishing the
individual components of our internal monitoring system
during the financial year (risk management, compliance
management, internal control system, and internal audit),
and adapted them to reflect the changed corporate
environment as well as the ever-changing Group. An
important focus lay on continued development and op-
timization of existing processes and structures, the inte-
gration of acquisitions into the existing risk management
system, and continuous improvement of quality of risk
inventory and corresponding countermeasures.

The general form of structures and processes in the risk
management system are based on the internationally
recognized "Enterprise Risk Management Framework", a
framework developed by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of Treadway Commission (COSO). This

integrates the risk management process into the internal
control system. The use of this holistic, integrated ap-
proach should ensure that countermeasures and moni-
toring activities are systematically focused upon the
strategic, operative, reporting-related and compliance-
related objectives of Axel Springer and their risks.

To ensure close interaction of individual subsystems in
the long term which results in an appropriate, effective
monitoring system for Axel Springer, group-wide coordi-
nation of systems and centralized reporting by means of
risk management, compliance management and the
internal control system by the Governance, Risk & Com-
pliance central sector.

The risk management system at Axel Springer is focused
on recognizing and evaluating all significant and existen-
tial risks as well as essential changes in the risk situation
as promptly as possible. It should therefore be assured
in accordance with risk policy principles and risk strategy
that corresponding control and countermeasures can be
used in time to react to such risks. This approach gives
us the necessary maneuvering room and allows for the
controlled and responsible management of risks.

The risks at Axel Springer are divided into strategic,
operative, reporting-relevant, and compliance-relevant
risks based on COSO (risk categories). The compliance-
relevant risks arise from potential infringement of external
and internal regulations and guidelines. Insofar it is sen-
sible and applicable, risks are assessed quantitatively
with reference to the parameters “loss amount” and
“probability of occurrence”. To achieve focus on the
relevant issues, essential contents, a materiality limit is
established based on EBITDA which is risk-oriented at a
Group level, and further threshold values are determined
from this. Currently, the materiality limit is € 10 million.

A theoretical threat to the company’s survival as a going
concern is assessed with reference to the possible gross
loss amount and the resulting effect on the financial
position and liquidity (excessive debts and insolvency)

of the Group. Based on the classification scheme de-
scribed above, risks are assigned to one of the following


--- Page 36 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

risks classes: existential risks, significant risks, risks to be
monitored, and other risks.

Risk Matrix of Axel Springer SE

Ii Critical Risks
Risks to be Monitored

IB Significant Risks
I other Risks

very
high

50%
high

25%

medium

low

Probability of Occurrence

very
low
Extent of Damage (€ millions)

very
high

medium] high

10

To ensure the greatest possible transparency in the
presentation of Axel Springer’s risk situation, and also for
assessing existing weaknesses in monitoring and control
if necessary, all identified risks are assessed both prior to
the implementation of risk management measures (gross
risk assessment - inherent risk), and after the corre-
sponding measures are taken (net risk assessment -
residual risk).

While overall responsibility for risk management lies with
the whole Executive Board, the various divisions and
affiliated companies of the Group are primarily responsi-
ble for the management of individual risks, including the
early detection, identification, assessment, management,
and documentation of risks, as well as the adoption and
implementation of countermeasures and appropriate
communications.

The senior managers of Axel Springer and the Group

companies bear the responsibility for the content of the
risk management system implemented within their divi-
sion or company and the respective risks Alongside the

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

systematic process for risk assessment and evaluation
carried out annually and the updates carried out on a
semi-annual basis, they are expected to observe their
division or their company for any changes in the risk
situation. Significant changes in the risk situation must be
reported immediately to the Corporate Office of Govern-
ance, Risk & Compliance.

This decentralized risk inventory process is supplement-
ed by a centralized risk inventory, which is conducted by
means of a systematic procedure involving top managers,
under the direction of the Group-wide Risk Manager. The
goal of this procedure is to identify and assess risks that
are not specific to operating divisions or processes, and
so fill in any gaps in the risk inventory, by employing a
specialized methodology.

The Corporate Risk Manager is assigned to the Corpo-
rate Office of Governance, Risk & Compliance. He su-
pervises all necessary risk management activities, aggre-
gates the risks on the Group level, judges the plausibility,
and verifies the completeness of reported risks. He is
also responsible for the constant optimization of the risk
management system and the web-based data process
solution employed on a Group-wide basis. The semi-
annual and ad-hoc risk reports submitted to the Execu-
tive Board and Supervisory Board are focused primarily
on existential risks and significant risks, along with the
countermeasures adopted in every case, and suitable
early warning indicators, to the extent they are available.

The risk management system, including the responsibili-
ties for the various activities, is documented in a Corpo-
rate Guideline, which is reviewed at least once a year
and adjusted when necessary by the Corporate Office of
Governance, Risk & Compliance.

At present, we do not intend to survey and document
entrepreneurial opportunities systematically in the con-
text of our risk management system. Instead, business
opportunities are taken up and documented as part of
the strategy and budgeting process.


--- Page 37 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Internal audit system

Group Auditing within Axel Springer SE is organized as a
process-independent staff department, which is under
the control of the full Executive Board in functional terms,
and under the Executive Board member in charge of
Personnel and Finance in disciplinary terms. It provides
consulting and investigations in all Group companies and
divisions in a risk-oriented manner and aligns its activities
with relevant national and international professional
standards.

In particular, Group Auditing has the task of inspecting
the effectiveness of the internal risk management and
control system as well as the compliance management
system based on a risk-oriented inspection plan and to
derive measures for eradicating weaknesses. Implemen-
tation of improvement measures is followed up based on
a systematic process.

The results of individual audit or consultancy mandates.
are typically reported to the Executive Board and period-
ically summarized to the Audit Committee of the Super-
visory Board.

To ensure the effectiveness of the internal audit system,
a quality assurance and improvement process is set up,
which provides for external quality assessments amongst
other things in accordance with professional guidelines.

Report on the financial reporting-related
risk management system and internal

control system pursuant to Section 289
(5) and Section 315 (2) (5) HGB

The (consolidated) financial reporting-related risk man-
agement system and the connected internal control
system are important elements of the internal manage-
ment system of Axel Springer SE, which is also based on
the internationally recognized framework of the Commit-
tee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Com-
mission (COSO). As emphasized in the concept, the
effective interplay of the risk management system and
internal control system is meant to ensure the effective-

47

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

ness and economic efficiency of the Group’s business
activities, as well as the completeness and reliability of its
financial reporting. The (consolidated) financial reporting-
related risk management system and internal control
system comprise all organizational regulations and
measures aimed at the detection and management of
risks related to financial reporting. With a view to the
(consolidated) financial reporting process, the internal
control system is meant to ensure that the Group’s fi-
nancial reports convey a true and fair view of the financial
position, liquidity, and financial performance of Axel
Springer SE and the Axel Springer Group, in compliance
with all relevant laws, regulations, and standards. How-
ever, even an effective, and therefore adequate and well-
functioning internal control system cannot guarantee the
prevention or detection of all irregularities or inaccurate
disclosures.

We consider the following elements of the risk manage-
ment system and internal control system to be significant
with respect to the (consolidated) financial reporting
process:

™@ Processes for identifying, assessing, and document-
ing all significant financial reporting-related processes
and risk areas, including the corresponding key con-
trols. Such processes include financial and account-
ing processes, as well as administrative and opera-
tional business processes that generate important
information used in the preparation of the separate
and consolidated financial statements, including the
management reports of the parent company and the
Group.

Process-integrated controls (computer-aided controls
and access restrictions, dual control principle, separa-
tion of functions, analytical controls).

Standardized financial accounting processes, through
the use of an internal, Group-wide Shared Services
Center for most of the consolidated German compa-
nies of the Group.


--- Page 38 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

™@ Group-wide accounting directives in the form of ac-
counting guidelines, charts of accounts, and reporting
procedures.

™® Quarterly communication of information to all consoli-
dated Group companies on current developments re-
lated to accounting and the process of preparing the
financial statements, as well as the reporting dead-
lines to be observed.

@ Assuring the requisite expertise of employees involved
in the financial reporting process by means of appro-
priate selection procedures and training.

™ Centralized preparation of the consolidated financial
statements, employing manual and computer-system
controls in respect of financial reporting-specific con-
nections and dependencies.

@ Protection of financial reporting-related IT systems
against unauthorized access, by means of access re-
strictions.

@ Monthly internal reports (complete income statement,
statement of financial position, cash flow statement)
and monthly reports on all cost units of the Group, in-
cluding analysis and reporting of significant develop-
ments and budget/actual variances.

The effectiveness of the (consolidated) financial reporting-
related risk management system and internal control
system is systematically reviewed and assessed by
means of periodic control tests; a Group-wide reporting
system ensures that up-to-date information is provided
on a regular basis to the division heads, Executive Board,
and Supervisory Board.

Both the risk management system and the internal con-
trol system are continuously refined. For example, the
financial reporting-related control system is being inte-
grated, extending beyond the area of accounting, on a
step-by-step basis into a comprehensive system of
internal corporate monitoring. By that means, we syn-
chronize and optimize our control elements on a cross-

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

divisional basis, thereby enhancing the effectiveness and
economic efficiency of the entire system.

Risk areas

If not stated elsewhere, all risks will be mentioned in the
following which have a considerable negative effect on
reaching our company-wide targets. Within the risk areas
described below, risks are presented in the order of their
priority for Axel Springer.

Provided that these are not strategic risks, then the risks
are generally pertaining to the 2015 forecasting period.

Market and competition risks

Whilst economic growth is forecast for Germany despite
geopolitical tensions, the euro zone in its entirety is re-
covering only slowly. The fact that individual countries
are currently not able to correct their deficits and that the
required structural reforms are only being implemented
slowly is causing a growing economic chasm between
euro zone countries. There is also considerable uncer-
tainty pertaining to the future development of emerging
countries such as Russia and China, as economic pow-
ers that still hold considerable importance for the global
economy. A renewed economic downturn within EU
member states and therefore our key markets could
have a negative impact on economic growth generally
and could lead to a significant deterioration of the reve-
nue situation of our customers, and result in slower
growth of the online market. In such a scenario, a more
severe decline than expected of Axel Springer's print
advertising revenues cannot be ruled out. Besides re-
ducing advertising revenues in Germany, a negative
development of the general market environment could
also reduce the Group’s advertising revenues in central
and eastern Europe, and it therefore represents a risk for
all the segments of Axel Springer SE.

Furthermore, the general market situation is still charac-
terized by intense competition pressure. The entry of
new competing titles and formats into the market ex-
poses the Axel Springer Group to the risk of lost reve-
nues and market shares in the online and print business.
The loss of major advertising customers due to switching


--- Page 39 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

over to other advertising media such as TV, radio, and
online or mobile advertising, could considerably reduce
our print advertising revenues. Our print advertising reve-
nues could also be reduced by the loss of major com-
mercial customers, who are increasingly shifting their
advertising budgets to radio and TV.

The above-mentioned market risks are exacerbated by
changing consumption and reading habits, primarily due
to demographic change. Another source of persistent
uncertainty pertains to the intensified competition be-
tween traditional print media and the increased use of
online and mobile media.

The above-mentioned general market risks are moni-
tored and minimized primarily through management on
the operational level and through continuous observation
of the market and the competition. At the same time, the
digitization of our products will be driven, our product
portfolio will be expanded both nationally and interna-
tionally, and our journalistic and technological compe-
tences will be enhanced and optimized. Adjustments to
evolving consumer and reader requirements also occurs
via technical and product-specific innovations. This will
be accompanied with pricing and product policy
measures.

In addition, there is a risk of increasing price erosion within
the online marketing sector, e.g. display advertising due to
increased competition by global players with developed
targeting products and a high number of users. We coun-
ter this risk by, amongst other things, consolidating and
continuously building on our position in the competitive
arena as well as innovative, target group-oriented market-
ing products.

The spread of ad blockers presents a risk for advertising
revenues which must be taken seriously in the digital
advertising sector. Specially pre-configured browsers and
browser add-ons prevent ads from being displayed on
visited web pages and the effects of said ads depending
on how the add-ons were installed by the user. The con-
tinued spread of ad blockers could lead to substantial
declines in advertising revenues, especially in our perfor-
mance-oriented business models. As a means of minimiz-

49

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

ing this risk, we are currently conducting a joint information
campaign with our advertising partners, to raise aware-
ness of this problem within the advertising industry. We
are also exploring legal and technological options for ef-
fectively addressing the problem of ad blockers.

Digital markets are subject to dynamic markets and com-
petition with short innovation cycles. Our digital portals are
therefore exposed to the risk that new portals and com-
petitors aiming to break into the market, alongside chang-
es in usage behavior, could jeopardize the existing market
position in the long run. Increasing competition is a threat
not only on the part of the world's leading Internet compa-
nies aiming to penetrate into new market segments, but
also for new companies with innovative business concepts.
Intensive observation of current happenings on the market,
and continuous and adapted further developments of our
portals are our counters to the stated risks.

Many of our digital offers are additionally confronted with
the risk arising from the dominant position of major Inter-
net search engines. If, for example, these search engines
change their search algorithms or expand their business
models that compete with our business sectors, this can
have noticeable effects on the future revenue situation,
especially with regards to our Marketing Models. Even
small changes in visibility or in position on the results
pages could lead to significant losses in turnover with
certain business models.

We counter this risk by means of targeted ad place-
ments on search engine pages/results pages, search
engine optimization and management as well as the
further expansion of the Group’s activities in target-group
relevant social media channels. Simultaneously, we are
focusing on adequate measures to reinforce the brands
and offerings of Axel Springer SE so that their usage will
not be as dependent on services provided by third par-
ties, particularly the visibility on search engines and social
media networks. Through the constant further develop-
ment and expansion of our apps for mobile use, we are
continuously increasing the degree of digitization and
implementing our strategy of becoming the leading digi-
tal publisher. By means of acquisitions, new company
start-ups, and the expansion of existing digital media, we


--- Page 40 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

will strive to adapt to changes in the media world and
further promote the cross-media networking and integra-
tion of our brands. (For more information on this subject,
please refer to the report on the operating segments,
beginning on page 12, and the report on the financial
performance of the segments, starting on page 30).

Political and legal risks

The already pronounced concerns of the public, politi-
cians, and consumer protection organizations in matters
of data protection have become even more prominent.
This development has been caused by two factors, the
first being the public debate regarding the use of the
personal data of German citizens by foreign intelligence
services, and the second being the practice of social
networks, search engines, and other online platforms to
collect the data entered by users and use it for their own
commercial purposes. Even where such actions fall
within legally admissible limits, parts of the public and
certain interest groups (including consumer protection
organizations, among others) have successfully argued
that consumers’ right to privacy should always take
precedence over commercial interests. For this reason,
among others, consumer protection and data privacy
proposals have gained significance in the legislative and
executive bodies of the German states and the German
Federal Government, and at European level as well. This
trend is particularly worrisome for digital business models,
because they are almost entirely reliant upon the use of
data. This uncertainty has been exacerbated particularly
by the as yet incomplete legislative process on the sub-
ject of a fundamental data privacy regulation at EU level.
Specifically, such a regulation would affect the use of so-
called "cookies" and similar technologies, the permissibil-
ity of generating user profiles (profiling and tracking), and
other measures that necessitate the use of personal data
without prior consent. Furthermore, recent regulatory
proposals are potentially more advantageous for the
providers of registration-required online services than for
advertising-financed online services and advertising
networks that do not maintain direct contacts with end
customers, because the popular, registration-required
online services already possess a large, personalized
subscriber base, making it much easier for them to ob-
tain permission from their users. Restrictions of the ad-

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

vertising and customer-retention possibilities associated
with these technologies could result in substantial reve-
nue losses for mobile and web-page-based business
models.

The growing Internet activities of public-sector broad-
casters currently pose another risk to our business. ARD
in particular has intruded into the business sphere of the
private-sector press and distorted the competition envi-
ronment with a text-oriented news app for Tagesschau
financed by license fees. Faced with competition from this
cleverly designed “free offer”, it is naturally hard for pub-
lishing companies to successfully offer paid apps.

After conducting fruitless negotiations with ARD and NDR,
Axel Springer SE and seven other publishing companies,
with the full support of the newspaper publishers’ associ-
ation BDZY, filed a lawsuit against ARD and NDR in the
Competition Division of the Cologne Regional Court. In
September 2012, the court granted the claim in most
respects. The defendants appealed this ruling and pre-
vailed in the appellate instance before the Cologne Higher
Regional Court. The plaintiffs have lodged an appeal
against this ruling before the Federal Supreme Court.

Concurrently with the court proceeding, the publishing
companies are conducting settlement negotiations with
ARD, with the aim of establishing fundamental playing
rules for the Internet. If no agreement can be reached
and the publishing companies lose the case in the high-
est instance, it will be much more difficult for Axel
Springer to successfully offer paid journalism content in
the fast-growing mobile market.

Our business will continue to be exposed to the compe-
tition-distorting effects of state-owned media and the
regulatory pressure of legislators on all relevant levels of
government, despite the countermeasures we have
taken.

Breaches of confidentiality agreements and violations of
insider trading regulations, as well as the incorrect publi-
cation of data or the non-observance of data privacy

laws, could lead to economic or legal consequences for
Axel Springer. Moreover, the reputation of Axel Springer


--- Page 41 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

or its brands could be damaged by negative reporting or
social media campaigns on this subject, even if no laws
have been broken.

To minimize such risks, Axel Springer has adopted
various control mechanisms and consultation rules and
initiated extensive training programs, among other
measures. The company intends to intensify such
activities in the future.

IT risks

For Axel Springer, a Group with an increasingly high
degree of digitization, there are numerous important risks
for the Group regarding the availability of IT systems used,
as well as the confidentiality and integrity of information.

Due to the high degree of integration of information
technology within business processes, Axel Springer is
reliant on high availability of IT components. Failure of IT
infrastructure components can have considerable influ-
ence on the availability of a business process as well as
the applications that are driven by said processes. Pos-
sible causes of such impairments are internal factors
such as increasing complexity of systems and infrastruc-
ture which has grown over a prolonged period of time,
but also include external factors such as, for example,
computer criminality via DDoS attacks. At worst, these
could cause interruptions in business activities along with
far-reaching consequences regarding revenues and
reputation.

Additional IT risks are classified as important if the confi-
dentiality of information and data integrity is compro-
mised as a consequence. In consideration of the grow-
ing importance of paid content offerings and services
requiring authentication, and the related collection and
storage of personal data, as well as the steadily growing
threat of computer criminality, the careful handling and
protection of the above-mentioned customer data are of
great importance.

For this reason targeted measures have been undertak-
en to avoid or to limit the effects of criminal activities and
the failure of IT components as far as is possible.
Measures such as back-up systems, emergency data

51

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

centers, firewalls, use of encryption, identity & access
management, and hardening of systems are used to
reduce risk. The stated measures are continuously ana-
lyzed and expanded or improved where necessary.

Reputation risks

As an internationally active and expanding enterprise,
Axel Springer has adopted a catalog of social standards
known as the International Social Policy, as a binding
guideline for social integrity, applicable to all our compa-
nies throughout the world. Non-observance of the Inter-
national Social Policy, especially in connection with the
procurement of advertisements and product giveaways,
as well as merchandising or the sale of title licenses,
could potentially cause serious damage to the compa-
ny’s reputation.

One step that Axel Springer has taken to mitigate such
risks has been to integrate the International Social Policy
into the Group-wide Code of Conduct. In addition, all
relevant corporate guidelines, particularly those applica-
ble to procurement activities, contain a binding reference
to the procurement-relevant standards of the Interna-
tional Social Policy. The Axel Springer Group has institut-
ed a sustainability management program that meets
international standards. The overly late detection of pos-
sible ecological or social conflicts relative to the pro-
curement of resources along the value chain of wood,
pulp, paper, and recycled materials could harm the
Group’s reputation. To minimize this risk effectively, we
work closely together with experts in the wood, pulp,
and paper industry and with environmental protection
organizations. We also conduct monitoring measures
across the value chain. Our internal and external com-
munications on this subject are characterized by open-
ness and transparency.

Strategic and other risks

Strategic risks arise primarily from the possibility that the
Group would invest in new business models and seg-
ments that would unexpectedly prove not to be success-
ful on a sustainable basis or would be forced out of the
market by newer Internet business models, or that future
profits could be sharply reduced by rising customer
retention costs. This could lead to negative financial


--- Page 42 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

results, possibly resulting in the insolvency of a subsidi-
ary in the worst case. The consequence of this could be
unscheduled impairment losses when permanent im-
pairment is expected in the context of the impairment
test which is to be carried out. This risk could materialize
in our activities in the Marketing Models, Classified Ad
Models, and Paid Models operating segments.

In general, the business segments and models of our
interests are, however, extremely heterogeneous, such
that cluster risks are limited by means of diversification.
Such risks are further diversified by means of preventa-
tive measures such as the clear investment criteria, in
accordance with which we check new investments as
part of our M8A activities, as well as active portfolio and
investment management, the recruitment and retention
of highly qualified managers, and the continuous moni-
toring of business and market developments.

Furthermore, we try to counter the stated strategic risks
by constant innovation. Despite the partial use of paid
content, the reach of BILD.de could generally be main-
tained at an extremely high level. Besides generating
advertising and circulation revenues, paid content mod-
els support the strategy of building a sustainable sub-
scriber base for paid digital journalism. In addition, Axel
Springer continues to rigorously pursue a strategy of
profitable growth, primarily in the area of digital business
models. The online classified advertising business, and
Ringier Axel Springer Media AG, founded as a joint ven-
ture with Ringier AG, form a key component in digitiza-
tion and also internationalization.

Ringier Axel Springer Media and its subsidiaries are mainly
exposed to market and financial risks. Declining circulation
numbers, which in return reduce circulation revenues and
potentially also advertising revenues in the medium term,
represent a significant market risk. Above all, the advertis-
ing market in eastern Europe is exposed to significant
market risks related to the structural shift from print to
online. We rigorously manage market risks by marketing
the combined and expanded product portfolio, with the
objective of being able to offer even better, tailored solu-
tions to customers in the market.

52

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

By virtue of the high degree of internationalization of Ringier
Axel Springer Media AG, the relevant market risks are
distributed over various countries, although that also gives
rise to heightened foreign exchange risks (EUR, CHF,
eastern European currencies). When required these foreign
exchange risks have been countered by means of appro-
priate hedging activities.

With regard to our investment in Dogan TV Holding A.S.,
the potential risk of financial loss - associated with the
risk of depreciation of the investment — arising from the
existing contractual agreement regarding the sale, are
fully hedged by bank guarantees.

In the previous reporting year Axel Springer has issued
loans to business partners as part of the transaction with
FUNKE Mediengruppe. The risk of default on loan claims
is countered by gathering information on the economic
and financial situation of the business partner, along with
corresponding analysis and preparation of such data. We
are able to quickly recognize default risks using this meth-
od. In addition, these business partners have granted us
secondary security to their assets.

The loss of major clients, especially in the advertising
sector, and the dependency of economic changes within
the retail sector could have a negative impact on the
business success of the Group and its activities. Howev-
er, this risk is countered by customer retention measures
as well as wide-ranging discussions with our clients and
agency partners.

In the area of distribution, the sale of our women’s mag-
azines, TV program guides, and regional titles to FUNKE
Mediengruppe (see page 26), and the associated drop in
sales volumes and various economies of scale, entail the
risk of cost increases. Since May 2014, there is a circula-
tion cooperation with FUNKE Mediengruppe to handle
distribution activities, which is meant to counter these
cost increases in the area of retail sales.

Aloss or termination of existing business partnerships of
strategic importance, especially in the reach-based sector,
would have considerable losses in revenue as a conse-


--- Page 43 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

quence. This risk is countered by active support of key
customers.

The marked increase in the threat of terrorism is coun-
tered, amongst other things, with enhanced security
standards, more stringent access regulations and con-
trols, and comprehensive education and training of all
security representatives.

Natural hazards such as fires, for example, still represent
significant risks for Axel Springer. We counter these risks
in two ways: First, we take structural and organizational
measures to raise the Group’s security standards even
further, and second, we have maintained insurance to
mitigate all financial consequences of terrorism.

Personnel risks

The individual skills, professional competence, and
commitment of our employees contribute greatly to the
success of the Axel Springer Group. As a consequence,
the loss of specialist staff and management is a signifi-
cant risk which we actively look to counter. A primary
focus of human resource management is the targeted,
progressive development of employees and motivation
with the aid of focused and continuous training, attrac-
tive bonus schemes, flexible working time models and a
better work/life balance. Age-related employee turnover
is also acted upon at an early stage with systematic
succession planning, ensuring that the transfer of valua-
ble knowledge and experience takes place.

In addition, the increasingly difficult situation regarding
the recruitment of possible junior staff also represents an
ever-increasing risk. It is increasingly difficult to recruit
qualified staff, and this is a result of demographic change,
and also a matter of increasing competition on the hu-
man resources market. This risk, which is monitored
from a Group standpoint, is countered with an employer
marketing campaign which was started in 2011 and
revised in 2014. The initiative aims to differentiate signifi-
cantly from other companies, and portrays Axel Springer
as an innovative, modern employer.

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

Financial risks and risks associated with the use of
financial instruments

The financial risks especially relevant to the Axel Springer
Group are interest rate risks and currency risks. Interest
rate risks arise primarily from financial assets or liabilities
with variable interest rates. Currency risks arise from
expenses, revenues, investment income and expenses,
and receivables and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies (transaction risk).

The risk of changing interest rates inherent in variable-
interest assets or liabilities is minimized through the use
of interest rate derivatives. Interest rate risks were coun-
tered by the agreement of fixed interest tranches for
promissory note proceeds in 2012 as well as the partial
cancellation, conversion, and subscription of the existing
Schuldschein (promissory notes) in 2014.

The risk of value changes arising from exchange rate
fluctuations are avoided primarily in that operating costs
are incurred in the same countries in which we sell our
products and services. Residual currency risks arising
from cash flows denominated in foreign currencies are
immaterial because we generate most of our earnings in
the euro zone. Currency risks inherent in receivables and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies (excluding
contingent purchase price liabilities) with net exposures
of € 5 million or more per foreign currency are usually
hedged by means of maturity-matched forward ex-
change deals.

Local-currency cash flows generated in non-euro zone
countries are either reinvested to expand local business
operations, or invested with Axel Springer SE and
hedged by means of forward exchange deals or distrib-
uted in the form of dividends. Therefore, the liquidity risk
arising from exchange rate changes affecting cash flows
denominated in foreign currencies is limited.

Currency effects arising from the translation of financial
statements denominated in foreign currencies (currency
translation risk) are recognized directly in the equity item
of other comprehensive income. Therefore, Axel Springer
does not hedge such currency effects.


--- Page 44 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Significant financing risks resulting from the uncertain
outlook for the financial sector are not evident for the
Axel Springer Group at the present time because the
credit line in the amount of € 0.9 billion (through 2017)
obtained for liquidity assurance purposes has been
committed by the participating banks with binding effect.
The credit facility is contingent upon the observance of
covenants that are based primarily on a certain ratio of
net debt to the earnings indicators of the Axel Springer
Group. Even if the credit facility were to be drawn down in
full, we do not expect to breach any of the agreed cove-
nants and therefore we consider the risk of acceleration
of borrowed amounts to be minor. Based on our continu-
ous observation of the money markets, capital markets,
and credit markets, we have concluded that companies
with outstanding creditworthiness and strong reputations
can always raise funding at favorable conditions. Fur-
thermore, Axel Springer can generate liquidity reliably,
thanks to its broadly diversified customer base and the
absence of significant payment delays and defaults.

Surplus cash not needed for operations is invested on
the basis of criteria set out in a corporate guideline,
which sets loss limits that may not be exceeded, as a
means (among others) of limiting risks.

The risks arising from financial instruments and hedging
activities are discussed in detail in Section (34) of the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Overall risk assessment
In the preceding sections, we reported on significant
individual risks.

The overall risk situation of the Axel Springer Group is
composed of the individual risks in all risk categories of
the consolidated subsidiaries and corporate divisions. In
consideration of the interdependency of individual risks,
no individual risks that could endanger the continued
operation of the Axel Springer Group or significantly
influence the Group’s financial position, financial perfor-
mance, and liquidity can be discerned, unless the econ-
omy within our markets were to worsen dramatically,
leading to a significant deterioration of the Group’s mar-
ket position and financial performance. Furthermore, risk

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

concentrations are being incrementally reduced by
means of increasing diversification, internationalization,
optimization of the brand and product portfolio, and
digitization. The overall risk position has increased com-
pared to the prior year due to, amongst other things, the
additional acquisitions within the digital business models
segment carried out in the course of the year, as well as
the loans issued in connection with the transformation of
the company.

Opportunities

Market opportunities

If the economy within our markets - as is currently fore-
cast by leading economic institutes despite geopolitical
tensions - continues to stabilize, then this could have a
positive effect on our revenue development. Even a
negative development of the overall economy could
create opportunities. For example, competitors could pull
out of the market, thereby strengthening our own market
position on a long-term basis. Furthermore, there may be
the option of acquiring companies at low valuations, then
subsequently expanding their market share in existing
markets and investing in new markets with growth po-
tential.

Political opportunities

The ancillary copyright for news publishers that took
effect on August 2013 can be expected to strengthen
the protection of intellectual property rights in Germany.

Strategic opportunities

In a constantly changing environment we continue to
develop our company so that we are able to face global
challenges in the future with innovative solutions.

The digitization strategy offers especially promising oppor-
tunities for generating additional revenues via the positive
development of revenues in the online advertising market.
Axel Springer is taking advantage of this market trend
through the swift and consistent combination of diverse
media channels (print, TV, and online offerings), by invest-
ing in companies, entering into cooperation agreements
and partnerships, and continually expanding its existing
and newly acquired activities. N24 plays a major role in


--- Page 45 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

linking print, TV, and online offerings by means of: a joint
editorial team will deliver the most comprehensive multi-
media coverage in the German media landscape, span-
ning digital, print, video, and live TV, with an emphasis on
quality journalism as the hallmark in all media channels. By
this means, we will continuously draw closer to the goal of
becoming the leading digital publisher.

In addition, the Group invested heavily in expanding Paid
Models in the Internet and expanded its digital portfolio
through additional acquisitions of Marketing and Classi-
fied Ad Models.

All divisions and companies work on continuous improve-
ment of technologies and processes in order to maintain
and expand their market position in the face of competi-
tion. This also includes an intensive, Group-wide exchange
and transfer of business models, technologies, and pro-
cesses. It is assumed that this exchange at the company
headquarters in Berlin will be made simpler and also inten-

Combined Management Report
Report on risks and opportunities

sified due to spatial proximity in the planned Axel Springer
Campus.

On the one hand, acquisition of equity stakes in attractive
companies with digital business models in early stage and
growth phases in their lifecycle provides us with the option
of establishing contacts within the industry and to other
founders and investors, and also grants access to new
ideas and business models. On the other hand, we also
obtain access to co-investments, which could remain
open, if necessary, for subsequent acquisition of a majority
stake. In the event of substantial development of the as-
sociate companies, we can also profit from a significant
appreciation in value.

We also see opportunities in the internationalization of
successful business models. For example, introduction of
the kaufDA business model into the USA offers consider-
able potential. We have an advantage over our competi-
tors in that we have already attained strong market posi-
tions in many countries, and, indeed, leading positions.


--- Page 46 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Forecast report

Anticipated economic environment

General economic environment

Despite the momentum caused by the low oil price, the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) lowered its growth
forecast for the world economy in January 2015. The
reason for this is the weak outlook for China, Russia,
Japan and the euro zone.

According to the forecast, the world economy will ex-
pand in 2015 by 3.5 % in real terms. The IMF expects
growth of 3.6 % for the USA in real terms. Lower energy
costs are expected to lead to a considerable increase in
consumer spending here. The IMF has slightly lowered
its expectations for China and expects the Chinese
economy to increase by 6.8 % in real terms during 2015.
The IMF expects an increase in Gross Domestic Product
of only 1.2 % for the euro area in real terms during 2015.

Clearance of the Swiss franc exchange rate is not as-
sessed by the IMF. The major Swiss bank UBS has
already altered its growth forecast for 2015 from 1.8% to
0.5%.

According to a forecast from the ifo Institute, the German
economy will gradually become more dynamic after a
period of stagnation in the summer half-year of 2014.
Gross Domestic Product is expected to increase by 1.5%
in real terms during 2015.

The recovery is mainly driven by the domestic economy,
which has profited from the drop in crude oil prices. In
2015, capital expenditures in new systems must grow by
2.0% in real terms, as the increasing load on production
capacity means that investments in new capacity are
necessary. Construction investments will also rise by 1.7%
in real terms. With increasing real income, private con-
sumption is also expected to expand by 1.7 %. According
to the ifo Institute exports will increase by 5.2% as the
world economy is growing and price competitiveness of
the German export economy to third markets increased
due to the euro's fall against the US dollar. In conjunction
with the expected improvement of the domestic economy,
imports should rise even faster, by 5.8%.

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

The ifo Institute expects the upward trend of prices to
weaken further. According to the forecast, consumer
prices should rise in 2015 only by 0.8% overall. The
working population will increase by an average of
190,000 people. The unemployment rate should fall
slightly to 6.6 %.

The ifo Institute anticipates a slight deceleration in eco-
nomic growth for central and eastern Europe. Eco-
nomic weakness in the euro zone puts a strain on the
exports sector. The fall in unemployment and low infla-
tion rates should also continue to support the purchasing
power of consumers. Furthermore, an easing of the
government's austerity drive is expected.

Anticipated Economic Development” (Selection)

Change in gross domestic product

compared to prior year (real) 2015
Germany 15%
United Kingdom 2.6%
France 04%
Poland 3.0%
Switzerland” 16%
Hungary 25%
Belgium 08%
Slovakia 2.0%
Netherlands 11%
Serbia” 1.0%
Austria 0.9%
Ireland 25%
Italy -0.2%
Spain 2.0%
USA 33%
Russia 0.0%
Israel” 28%
Brazil” 14%
China 71%

” Source: ifo Institut, December 2014.
®) Source: IMF, October 2014.


--- Page 47 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Industry environment

According to the current advertising market forecast by
ZenithOptimedia an increase of 4.9% is expected for
2015 worldwide (nominally). ZenithOptimedia therefore
corrected its forecast of + 5.3% from September 2014
downwards.

Currently available forecasts for the German advertising
industry predict mixed developments for the different
types of media. ZenithOptimedia expects net advertising
market revenue in Germany to increase by 1.3% during
2015 (nominal). Thus, the total advertising market will not
grow as fast as the general economy, which is expected
to expand at a nominal rate of 2.8 % (+ 1.5% in real
terms). This growth will be driven by digital (+7.1 %) and
TV advertising (+ 2.8 %), outdoor advertising (+ 2.5 %)
and radio advertising (+ 1.6 %). ZenithOptimedia is pre-
dicting a drop in net advertising revenues for newspa-
pers (-4.1 %) and magazines (- 1.1 %).

The forecast data also reflects the structural shift of
advertising expenditures in favor of digital platforms. The
proportion of total advertising expenditures targeted to
online and mobile platforms will rise further.

According to ZenithOptimedia, social media and mobile
devices are current drivers of the advertising market. Due
to the continued spread of mobile devices, improvements
in advertising forms and variety, and technical innovations
in controlling multi-device campaigns, considerable growth
in advertising expenditure is expected.

The German Advertising Association (ZAW) assumes in
its forecast for 2015 that the advertising industry can
generally pick up momentum with the outlook of an
increase of real consumer spending by consumers.
"Stable at least, with opportunities for more" was the
summary of the industry by ZAW when looking at the
2015 advertising year.

57

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

ZenithOptimedia’s forecast (as of December 2014) for
the international markets in which Axel Springer con-
ducts business through its own subsidiaries paints a
mixed picture.

According to the forecast by ZenithOptimedia in 2015,
the net advertising volume on the online market in west-
ern Europe will increase by 11.4% to US-$ 34.9 billion,
based on the assumption of consistent exchange rates.
The growth rates in eastern European markets are signif-
icantly higher in some cases.

Anticipated Advertising Activity 2015 (Selection)

Change in net ad revenues compared

to prior year (nominal) Online Print
Germany 71% -3.0%
United Kingdom 16.8% 5.8%
France” 3.8% -6.4%
Poland” 11.8%  -16.7%
Switzerland” 14.2% -5.2%
Hungary 7.0% 1.0%
Belgium” 15.0% 1.4%
Slovakia” 33.3% -4.4%
Netherlands 7.0% -3.5%
Serbia” 16.5% -2.6%
Austria” 15.3% -49%
Ireland 14.9% 5.0%
Italy” 7.0% -3.9%
Spain” 10.0% 0.0%
USA 18.2% 5.2%
Russia 10.0%  -10.0%
Israel 3.3% -0.7%
Brazil 25.0% -1.2%

Source: ZenithOptimedia, Advertising Expenditure Forecast (December) 2014

” Excluding classified ads

®| Gross advertising revenues (excluding classified ads). Gross advertising revenues
do not adequately reflect the true development of advertising revenues.


--- Page 48 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Group

Strategic and organizational orientation

The highest strategic priority for Axel Springer is to pursue
the consistent digitization of our business. We aim to
attain the goal of becoming the leading digital publisher by
further developing our digital offerings in Germany and
abroad, and by making targeted acquisitions.

Comparison of forecast with actual performance
The forecast targets published in March 2014 were
essentially attained.

Group

Forecast 2014
Revenues mid single-digit percentage

increase 84%
EBITDA low double-digit percentage

increase 11.6%
Earnings per share, low double-digit percentage
adjusted increase 11.2%
Segments

Forecast 2014
Revenues
Paid Models low single-digit percentage

increase 26%

Marketing Models low double-digit percentage

increase 10.8%

Classified Ad Models low double-digit percentage

increase 27.2%
Services/Holding mid single-digit percentage

decline 6.1%
EBITDA
Paid Models low to mid single-digit

percentage increase -2.4%
Marketing Models stable 6.0%
Classified Ad Models low double-digit percentage

increase 35.2%
Services/Holding significant improvement -8.3%

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

For the Paid Models and Classified Ad Models segments
an update of the forecast has been carried out during the
year. In the case of Classified Ad Models growth expec-
tations were adjusted upwards in August with the publi-
cation of the semi-annual report due to acquisition ef-
fects and slightly stronger organic growth. We expect a
fall in EDITDA in the low double-digit percentage range
due to planned investments into product quality and also
into digitization. From then on a noticeable increase in
revenues and EBITDA has been expected. Within the
Paid Models segment the forecast was adjusted follow-
ing the publication of the nine-month report in November
for the development of advertising revenues from an
increase to stable development over the course of the
year. Accordingly, and also due to higher than expected
restructuring expenses, the EBITDA of paid models has
been expected to show a decline in the low to mid single-
digit range. EBITDA of Marketing Models has developed
slightly better than expected. In the Services/Holding
segment revenue development has been better than
expected, whilst EBITDA remained below expectations
mainly due to restructuring expenses being higher than
expected.

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the Group

We anticipate in the Group that total revenues will be
higher for the 2015 financial year than the prior-year
figure by an amount in the low to mid single-digit per-
centage range. We assume that the planned increase in
advertising revenues will more than compensate for the
decline in circulation revenues and other revenues.

We expect EBITDA to rise by an amount in the high
single-digit percentage range. In this case, a rise in
EBITDA within the Classified Ad Models and Ser-
vices/Holding is expected, whilst the Paid Models and
the Marketing Models should achieve an EBITDA that is
below that of the level of the previous year.

For EBIT we expect developments to be similar to those
for EBITDA.


--- Page 49 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

For the adjusted earnings per share we expect, due
to a lower proportion of the adjusted consolidated net
income that is due for minorities, an increase in the low
double-digit percentage range compared to the prior-
year figure.

Anticipated business developments and financial
performance of the segments

In the Paid Models segment we expect a decline in total
revenues in the low single-digit percentage range for the
2015 financial year. Due to structural shifts in the national
and international print business we expect declining
advertising and circulation revenues. We expect an in-
crease in other revenues. We expect a decline in EDITDA
in the low double-digit percentage range due to planned
investments into product quality and also into digitization.

We expect the total revenues of the Marketing Models
segment to increase by an amount in the low to mid
single-digit percentage range, mainly based on the antic-
ipated growth of other revenues. We also expect EBITDA
to fall below the level of the previous year in a mid to high
single-digit percentage range due to, amongst other
things, planned structural adjustments within perfor-
mance marketing, planned expenditure for increasing
competitiveness, and internationalization of digital busi-
ness models within the field of reach marketing.

The revenues of the Classified Ad Models segment are
expected to rise considerably due to organic growth and
consolidation effects. A marked increase is also ex-
pected for EBITDA.

Due to falling print revenues and lower revenues from
services in connection with the sale of activities to FUNKE
Mediengruppe we expect a considerable fall in revenues
for the Services/Holding segment, which should result
in considerably improved EBITDA figures due to lower
expenses for structural adjustments and positive special
items such as further payments as a result of the insol-
vency proceedings against the Kirch Group.

For EBIT we expect developments to be similar to those
for EBITDA.

59

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

Anticipated liquidity and financial position

Based on the capital expenditure projects planned to
date, investments in property, plant, and equipment, and
intangible assets are likely to be higher than the corre-
sponding prior-year figure with regards to the liquidity
and financial position. Financing will be provided by
operating cash flow.

Dividend policy

Subject to the condition of sound financial performance

in the future, Axel Springer will pursue a dividend policy

of stable or slightly increased dividend distribution, while
also allowing for the financing of growth.

Anticipated development of the workforce

The average full-year number of employees in 2015 will
be higher than in 2014, mainly due to organic growth
and acauisitions in connection with the digital transfor-
mation of the Group’s business.

Planning assumptions

We plan the future development of the financial perfor-
mance, liquidity, and financial position on the basis of
assumptions that are plausible and sufficiently probable
from today’s perspective. However, actual developments
could possibly be much different from the assumptions
applied and thus from the business plans and trend
forecasts prepared on the basis of those assumptions.

The forecasts for EBITDA, EBIT, and the adjusted earn-
ings per share do not reflect any possible effects result-
ing from possible future acquisitions, divestitures, and
capital measures as well as from unplanned restructur-
ing expenses. Possible effects from the planned combi-
nation of the Immonet and Immowelt real estate portals
into a joint venture have not been taken into account in
the forecast

EBITDA, EBIT, and the adjusted earnings per share do
not contain any non-recurring effects, any write-downs
from purchase price allocations, nor any associated tax
effects. Non-recurring effects are defined as effects
resulting from the acquisition and sale of subsidiaries,
divisions, and equity investments, as well as write-downs,
and write-ups of equity investments, effects resulting


--- Page 50 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

from the sale of real estate, impairments, and write-ups
of real estate used for operational purposes. Purchase
price allocation write-downs include the expenses of
amortization, depreciation, and impairments of intangible
assets, and property, plant, and equipment acquired in
connection with the acquisition of companies and
business divisions.

We consider EBITDA, EBIT, and adjusted earnings per
share to be suitable indicators for measuring the opera-

Combined Management Report
Forecast report

tional profitability of Axel Springer, because these indica-
tors ignore effects that do not reflect the fundamental
business performance of Axel Springer.

EBITDA, EBIT, and adjusted earnings per share are not
defined under International Financial Reporting Stand-
ards and should therefore be regarded as supplementary
information.


--- Page 51 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Disclosures and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Disclosures and explanatory report of the
Executive Board pursuant to takeover law

This section contains the disclosures pursuant to Sec-
tions 289 (4), 315 (4) HGB, along with the explanatory
report of the Executive Board pursuant to Section 176 (1)
(1) AktG.

Composition of subscribed capital

The company’s subscribed capital amounts to

€ 98,940,000. It is divided into 98,940,000 registered
shares. The shares can only be transferred with the
company’s consent (registered shares of restricted
transferability, see below). The company has only one
class of shares.

All shares carry the same rights and obligations. Each
share grants the right to cast one vote in the annual
shareholders’ meeting and represents the basis for de-
termining the shareholder's entitlement to the company’s
net profit. By way of exception, treasury shares do not
confer any rights to the company (cf. Section 71b AktG).
(Please refer to page 64 for information on the company’s
treasury shares.)

Restrictions on voting rights or the
transfer of shares

Transfer restrictions

By virtue of Article 5 para. 3 of the company’s Articles of
Incorporation, shares of Axel Springer SE and subscrip-
tion rights can be transferred only with the company’s
consent. Such consent must be granted by the Executive
Board, although internally, it is the Supervisory Board that
adopts the resolution to grant such consent. According to
the company’s Articles of Incorporation, such consent
can be refused without indication of reasons. However,
the company will not arbitrarily refuse its consent to the
transfer of company shares.

To the company’s knowledge, transfer restrictions based
on the German law of obligations (Schuldrecht) exist by
virtue of the following agreements:

@ A share transfer restriction agreement was concluded
between Dr. Mathias Dépfner, Brilliant 310. GmbH,
Axel Springer SE, and M.M. Warburg & Co. KGaA on

61

July 31 / August 4, 2006. Under this share transfer
restriction agreement, the direct and indirect purchase
or disposal of the shares of Axel Springer AG by Brilliant
310. GmbH or Dr. Mathias Dopfner are made contin-
gent on the prior consent of Axel Springer SE, in ac-
cordance with the company’s Articles of Incorporation.

By virtue of a declaration dated August 14, 2012,

Dr. Mathias Dépfner acceded to a pool agreement
(‘pool agreement”) concluded between Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer and Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG, in re-
spect of the 1,978,800 shares of Axel Springer SE
that were given to him as a present by Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer on the same date. In total, the pool agree-
ment covers 52,826,967 voting shares of Axel
Springer SE (“pool-bound shares”). Under the terms
of the pool agreement, a pool member who wishes to
transfer his pool-bound shares to a third party must
first offer these shares for purchase by the other pool
members (purchase right). The purchase right expires
two weeks after the purchase offer. The purchase
right does not apply in the case of transfers to certain
persons who are related to the pool member.

Other transfer restrictions based on the German law of
obligations exist in connection with the share ownership
programs conducted in the 2012 and 2013 financial
years, as well as the current financial year, for the em-
ployees of the Axel Springer Group. In general the shares
acquired as part of the share ownership program in 2012,
2013, and 2014 are subject to a minimum holding period
of four years (i.e. until May 31, 2016, May 31, 2017, and
May 31, 2018). During the minimum holding period,
employee shares are held in a blocked account with
Deutsche Bank AG. The above-mentioned holding peri-
ods for the Share Ownership Programs 2012 and 2013
have been waived for those employees who have been
transferred to FUNKE Mediengruppe when the sale of
Axel Springer’s regional newspapers, TV program guides,
and women’s magazines to that company was finalized.
The employees that were transferred to FUNKE Medien-
gruppe no longer took part in the 2014 share ownership
program as on the relevant reporting date, May 16, 2014,
the transfer was already finalized and therefore the con-
ditions for participation were not satisfied.


--- Page 52 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

The minimum holding periods for shares issued under
share ownership programs in earlier years have already
expired.

In connection with the Virtual Stock Option Plan 2011
and 2014 for senior executives, the beneficiaries are
required to personally invest in shares of Axel Springer
SE. These shares are not subject to any restrictions on
disposal, but any disposition of these shares would
cause the corresponding virtual stock option rights to
lapse without replacement or compensation (see page
76 for information on the virtual stock option plan 2011
and 2014 for senior executives).

The same applies to the virtual stock option plans 2009,
2012, and 2014 for members of the Executive Board
(see page 74 for information on the virtual stock option

plans 2009, 2012, and 2014 for Executive Board members).

Voting right restrictions

Under the above-mentioned pool agreement between

Dr. Mathias Dopfner, Dr. h.c. Friede Springer, and Friede
Springer GmbH & Co. KG, the voting rights and other
rights attached to the pool-bound shares are to be exer-
cised in the annual shareholders’ meeting of Axel Springer
SE in accordance with the corresponding resolutions of
the pool members, regardless of whether and how the
respective pool member voted on the resolution of the
pool. The voting rights of pool members in the meeting of
pool members are based on their voting rights in the an-
nual shareholders’ meeting of Axel Springer SE, depend-
ing on the number of pool-bound voting shares held. To
the extent that Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG indirectly
holds shares in Axel Springer SE, its voting rights are
based on the imputed number of pool-bound voting
shares indirectly held by Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG.

62

Combined Management Report
Disclosures and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

Shareholdings that represent more than
10 % of voting rights

At the end of financial year 2014, the following direct and
indirect shareholdings in the equity of Axel Springer SE
represented more than 10% of voting rights in the com-
pany: Axel Springer Gesellschaft flr Publizistik GmbH &
Co, Berlin, Germany (direct), AS Publizistik GmbH, Berlin,
Germany (indirect), Friede Springer GmbH & Co. KG,
Berlin, Germany (indirect), Friede Springer Verwaltungs-
GmbH, Berlin, Germany (indirect), Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer, Berlin, Germany (indirect), and Dr. Mathias
Dépfner, Potsdam, Germany (indirect).

Information on the amounts of the above-mentioned
shareholdings may be found in the disclosures pertain-
ing to voting rights notifications in the notes to the
2014 financial statements of Axel Springer SE,
www.axelspringer.com/financialpublications, and in the
section entitled “Voting rights notifications” of the com-
pany’s website at www.axelspringer.com/votingrights.

Shares endowed with special rights that
confer powers of control

There are no shares endowed with special rights that
confer powers of control.

Manner of exercising voting rights when
employees hold shares in the company’s
capital and do not directly exercise their
rights of control

In connection with the bonus share and share ownership
program for employees conducted in 2009 and the
share ownership programs for the years 2011, 2012,
2013, and 2014, Deutsche Bank AG was initially entered
into the share register as the third-party holder of the
shares transferred to the employees. However, each
employee is free to be registered personally as a share-
holder in the share register.


--- Page 53 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Statutory provisions and provisions of
the Articles of Incorporation pertaining
to the appointment and dismissal of
Executive Board members and
amendments to the Articles of
Incorporation

The company’s Articles of Incorporation provide that the
Executive Board of Axel Springer SE must be composed
of at least two persons. The Supervisory Board decides
on the number of Executive Board members, and on the
appointment and dismissal of Executive Board members.
According to Article 46 para. 1 of the EU Regulation on
European Companies (SE-VO), the maximum term of
Office for members of the Executive Board of a European
company (Societas Europaea, SE) is six years; in the
present instance, this maximum term is shortened to five
years by virtue of Article 8 para. 2 sub-para. 1 of the
Articles of Incorporation of Axel Springer SE - corre-
sponding to the previous maximum term pursuant to
Section 84 (1) (1) of the German Stock Corporations Act
(AktG). The term of office can be renewed or extended
for a period of no more than five years thereafter (for
details, see Article 8 para. 2 of the company’s Articles of
Incorporation; Article 46 para. 1 and para. 2 SE-VO). If
more than one person has been appointed to the Execu-
tive Board, the Supervisory Board is authorized to ap-
point one of those members as the Chairman (Article 8
para. 3 sub-para. 2 of the Articles of Incorporation of
Axel Springer SE). If a required Executive Board member
is lacking, the court is authorized, in urgent cases, to
appoint the necessary member at the request of one
involved party (Article 9 para. 1 letter c). ii) SE-VO in
conjunction with Section 85 (1) (1) AktG). The Superviso-
ry Board is authorized to revoke the appointment of an
Executive Board member and the Executive Board
Chairman for an important reason (for details, see Article
39 para. 2 sub-para. 1, Article 9 para. 1 letter c). ii) SE-
VO, Section 84 (3) (1) and (2) AktG).

Insofar as obligatory laws or provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation do not require a greater majority, amend-

ments to the company’s Articles of Incorporation require
a resolution of the annual shareholders’ meeting carried

Combined Management Report
Disclosures and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

by a majority of the votes cast, or provided that at least
one half of the company’s share capital is represented,
by a majority (see Article 21 para. 2 sub-para. 2 of the
company’s Articles of Incorporation in conjunction with
Section 51 (1) of the European Company Implementing
Act (SEAG), Article 59 para. 1 and 2 SE-VO); the latter
does not apply to an amendment changing the business
object and purpose of the company, or to a resolution
regarding the relocation of the registered head office of
the SE to another member state pursuant to Article 8
para. 6 SE-VO (see Section 51 (1) SEAG, Article 59
para. 1 and 2 SE-VO). An amendment of the corporate
governance principles set forth in Article 3 of the compa-
ny’s Articles of Incorporation requires a majority equal to
at least four fifths of the votes cast represented in the
adoption of the resolution (see Article 21 para. 3 of the
Articles of Incorporation).

The Supervisory Board is authorized to resolve amend-
ments to the Articles of Incorporation that only involve
changes to the wording (Article 13 of the Articles of
Incorporation).

Authority of the Executive Board to issue
or buy back shares

Axel Springer SE has neither established authorized
capital that would authorize the Executive Board to issue
new shares, nor conditional capital.

By way of a resolution at the annual shareholders’ meet-
ing on April 14, 2011 (Agenda Item 7) the Executive
Board was authorized with approval of the Supervisory
Board until April 13, 2016 to acquire treasury shares of
the company up to 10 % of the existing share capital on
adoption of the resolution. In the context of the company
being converted into an SE with effect of December 2,
2018, as a precautionary measure in case non-
registrable resolutions would be held to not remain valid
after the conversion, it was resolved at the annual share-
holders’ meeting of 16 April 2014 to authorize the Com-
pany again to acquire and use treasury shares, with a
prolonged term until April 15, 2019, whilst revoking the
previous authorization. Acquisition must only take place
on the stock exchange or via a public offer directed at all


--- Page 54 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

shareholders or a public invitation to submit an offer to
buy.

Along with the shares held by the company or attribut-
able to the company in accordance with Article 5 SE-VO
in conjunction with Sections 71a ff. AktG, the shares
purchased by virtue of the foregoing authorization may
not at any time exceed 10% of the company’s capital
stock. Details concerning this authorization are provided
in the invitation to the annual shareholders’ meeting of
April 16, 2014, which is available on the website of Axel
Springer SE (see Agenda Item 8 and the Executive
Board's report on this subject).

At the end of financial year 2014, the company held no
treasury shares.

Significant agreements of the company
subject to the condition of a change of
control resulting from a takeover offer

With the exception of regulations in the credit facility and
the Schuldschein stated in the following, as well as con-
tractually entitled cancellation rights for part of Executive
Board members in case of a change of control (for more
information see page 64 (right-hand column) and page
75 of this Annual Report, the company has not made
any major agreements that would take effect in the event
of a change of control due to a takeover.

The company placed a Schuldschein with a nominal
volume of € 500,000,000 on the capital market in

April 2012; the financing volume was increased by

€ 137,000,000 for optimizing financing terms in October
2014 by partial cancellation, conversion, and subscrip-
tion of the existing promissory note. The lender can
demand, in the event of a change of control, that the
receivables held can be partially or fully paid back early
within a 90 day period. In September 2012, moreover,
the company took out a new credit facility in the amount

Combined Management Report
Disclosures and explanatory report of the Executive
Board pursuant to takeover law

of € 900,000,000 (‘credit facility 2012”); also in this case,
the lender is entitled to call in the credit facility within a
notice period of 30 days, in the event of a change of
control.

Aside from specific exceptions that relate to the share-
holders that currently control Axel Springer SE, a change
of control is understood to mean, in the context of the
credit facility 2012 and the promissory note loan, the
acquisition of shares of Axel Springer SE representing
more than 50 % of the capital stock and/or voting rights
by one or more parties acting together.

Indemnification agreements between the
company and Executive Board members
or employees in the event of a change of
control

Some Executive Board members have the right to termi-
nate their employment contracts in the event of a change
in control. A change in control within the meaning of
these contracts would exist if the majority shareholder
Dr. h.c. Friede Springer would cease to hold or control
the majority of shares, indirectly or directly. In such a
case, they will have the right to receive payment of
their base salary for the most recently negotiated remain-
ing contractual term, while some of the eligible Executive
Board members will have the right to receive payment of
an amount equal to at least one year’s base salary. Fur-
thermore, the company will pay the pro-rated percent-
age of the success-based compensation for the period
of time served in the year of resignation. The employ-
ment contracts of the members of the Executive Board
do not provide for any other compensation if the em-
ployment relationship is terminated as a result of a
change in control.

There are no such indemnification agreements with other
employees of the company.


--- Page 55 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

Corporate Governance Report

There follows a report by the Executive Board - also on
behalf of the Supervisory Board — on corporate govern-
ance at Axel Springer, in conformity with the recommen-
dation set out in Section 3.10 of the German Corporate
Governance Code (GCGC). This section also contains the
management declaration pursuant to Section 289a of the
German Commercial Code (HGB) and the Compensation
Report.

Good corporate governance as a guiding
principle

At Axel Springer, sound corporate governance is consid-
ered to be a crucial element of responsible management
and supervision geared to increasing the company’s
value on a sustainable basis. It promotes the trust and
confidence of our national and international investors,
customers, employees, and the public in the manage-
ment and supervision of the company and is therefore an
essential basis for the company’s long-term success.

In this respect, we are guided by the German Corporate
Governance Code (GCGC). We have taken appropriate
measures to implement and ensure compliance with the
recommendations of GCGC. The Corporate Governance
Officer is the Executive Board member in charge of Fi-
nance and Personnel. The implementation of and adher-
ence to the recommendations of GCGC are reviewed
continually.

Management declaration pursuant to
Section 289a HGB

Declaration of Conformity pursuant to Section 161
AktG

The Executive Board and Supervisory Board published
the following Declaration of Conformity on Monday,
November 10, 2014:

“In accordance with Section 161 of the German Stock
Corporation Act ("AktG") the Executive Board and the
Supervisory Board of Axel Springer SE declare the
following:

|. Future-related Section

The Company fulfills the recommendations of the “Ger-
man Corporate Governance Code” (the “Code”) in the
version of June 24, 2014, as published by the German
Federal Ministry of Justice and for Consumer Protection
in the official announcements section of the Federal
Gazette of September 30, 2014, subject to the devia-
tions set out and reasoned below:

1. Disclosure of the individual Executive Board compen-
sation in tabular form as part of the remuneration report
(Item 4.2.5 sentences 5 und 6 of the Code))

The disclosure of the Executive Board compensation is
made in accordance with legal requirements taking into
account the so-called “opt-out” resolution of the Share-
holders' Meeting on April 16, 2014. Based on this reso-
lution and in accordance with Section 286 para. 5 sen-
tence 1 and Section 314 para. 2 sentence 2 of the
German Commercial Code, no disclosure of the individ-
ual compensation of the members of the Executive
Board is made in the Company's annual financial and
annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal
years 2014 through 2018 (included). As long as a re-
spective “opt-out” resolution of the Shareholders' Meet-
ing is effective, the Company will not include in its remu-
neration report the individual information recommended
by Item 4.2.5 sentences 5 and 6 of the Code.

2. Chairman of the Audit Committee (Item 5.3.2 sentence
3 of the Code)

The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board is chaired
by Mr Lothar Lanz, who is a former member of the Exec-
utive Board of the Company whose appointment ended
less than two years ago.

The Supervisory Board is convinced that Mr Lanz’ long-
standing experience as CFO, his specialist knowledge
and his personality make him an exceptionally suitable
Chairman of the Audit Committee. Therefore, the Super-
visory Board is of the opinion that Mr Lanz should chair
the Audit Committee.


--- Page 56 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

3. Disclosure in election recommendations of relations of
candidates for the Supervisory Board with the company,
its corporate bodies and with shareholders holding a
material interest in the company (Item 5.4.1 sentences 6
to 8 of the Code)

In its election recommendations to the Shareholders’
Meeting, the Supervisory Board will provide all statutory
information with respect to the members of the Supervi-
sory Board and, where possible, will introduce the candi-
dates in the Shareholders' Meeting. Further, during the
Shareholders' Meeting, shareholders are able to ask
questions with respect to the candidates. The Superviso-
ty Board is of the opinion that this constitutes a solid and
sufficient basis of information for the shareholders’ as-
sessment of the recommendations regarding Supervisory
Board candidates.

4. Individualized disclosure of the remuneration of the
members of the Supervisory Board (Item 5.4.6 sentences
5 and 6 of the Code)

The remuneration granted to the members of the Super-
visory Board as well as the payments made by the Com-
pany to members of the Supervisory Board for personally
provided services are not disclosed in the notes or the
management report in an individualized manner (Item
5.4.6 sentences 5 and 6 of the Code).

The information is not individualized because competitors
of Axel Springer SE do not publish such remuneration
either.

Il. Past-related Section

Period between the last declaration of conformity on April
17, 2014, and the publication of the new version of the
Code on September 30, 2014:

During the period between the last declaration of con-
formity on April 17, 2014, and the publication of the new
version of the Code on September 30, 2014, the Com-
pany has fulfilled the Code in the version of May 13, 2013,
as published by the German Federal Ministry of Justice in
the official announcements section of the Federal Gazette

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

of June 10, 2013 subject to the deviations set out and
reasoned above under I. 2, |. 3. and I. 4.

Period since publication of the new version of the Code
on September 30, 2014:

The Company has fulfilled the Code in the version of June
24, 2014, as published by the German Federal Ministry of
Justice and for Consumer Protection in the official an-
nouncements section of the Federal Gazette of Septem-
ber 30, 2014, in the period since the publication of the
new version of the Code subject to the deviations set out
and reasoned above under I. 2, |. 3. and I. 4)

Berlin, November 10, 2014

Axel Springer SE

The Supervisory Board The Executive Board"

” Apast-related deviation from the recommendation of the Code mentioned under
|. 1 above does not need to be declared because the corresponding recommen-
dation applies only to remuneration reports for financial years starting after
December 31, 2013.

The Declaration of Conformity for 2013 from November 5,
2013, was previously updated on April 17, 2014. The
update became necessary as a result of election of the
new Supervisory Board in the annual shareholders'
meeting and the concomitant changes in the composi-
tion of the Supervisory Board and its committees.

The Declaration of Conformity from November 10, 2014
can, just like previous versions, also be seen along with
the update of the 2013 Declaration of Conformity from
April 2014 via the link www.axelspringer.com/-
declarationofconformity.

Important management practices

Axel Springer is the only independent media company
that has provided itself with a corporate constitution. This
is anchored in Article 3 (“Principles of Corporate Govern-
ance”) of the company’s Articles of Incorporation and is
thus a guiding principle for all employees. The five princi-
ples formulated therein form the basis for the company’s
journalistic practices. They express fundamental convic-


--- Page 57 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

tions of corporate social policy, but do not dictate per-
sonal opinions.

Axel Springer has also defined corporate values as the
foundation of its corporate culture, to guide the work of
every employee. They are: creativity as the crucial pre-
requisite for success in journalism and business; entre-
preneurship in the sense of being courageously inventive,
self-reliant and results-oriented, qualities that are ex-
pected of all managers and employees; integrity in all
dealings with the company, readers, customers, em-
ployees, business partners, and shareholders. The man-
agement principles, which are built on company values,
should give management a concrete framework that
creates transparency regarding the requirements and
expectations of management roles.

In addition, Axel Springer had already introduced guide-
lines for ensuring journalistic independence back in 2003.
These guidelines substantiate and expand on the profes-
sional ethics of the press as set out by the German Press
Council in conjunction with the press associations in the
publishing principles (Press Code), and which Axel
Springer voluntarily commits with regard to printed com-
plaints (see Section 16 of the Press Code). They specifi-
cally delineate the boundaries between advertising and
editorial copy, and between the editors’ and reporters’
private and business interests. They also preclude actions
in pursuit of personal advantages and define the compa-
ny’s position with respect to the treatment of news
sources. The guidelines thus represent the framework for
independent and critical journalism in the editorial de-
partments of all media belonging to the Group. The edi-
tors-in-chief are responsible for observing and implement-
ing the guidelines in the company’s day-to-day activities.

In addition, Axel Springer has developed a catalog of

social standards applicable to all the company’s activities.

Known as the International Social Policy, it states the
company’s positions on matters of human rights, adher-
ence to the rule of law, equal opportunities, the protec-
tion of children and young people, the treatment of em-
ployees, health and safety, and the compatibility of work
and family, and other matters.

67

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

Furthermore, the company has issued an Environmental
Guideline comprising four points, which serves as a
practical guide to the many environmental protection
measures conducted at Axel Springer.

The management principles and guidelines of Axel
Springer can be found at www.axelspringer.com/-
corporateprinciples.

In addition, Axel Springer maintains a Corporate Govern-
ance, Risk & Compliance department. In this case, this
supports subsidiaries and central divisions in responsibly
handling risks via approaches and requirements,
amongst other things, for a comprehensive risk man-
agement system, an internal control system, and a com-
pliance management system. The division operates,
amongst others, risk management, the internal control
system and the compliance management system. As
described in the Risk Report (see page 45), risk man-
agement and the internal control system seek to identify,
analyze, and report on risks at Axel Springer and to
systematically monitor the measures taken to minimize
risks. At Axel Springer, compliance means the fulfillment
of all laws, regulations, and guidelines, as well as the
commitments undertaken voluntarily. Based on the fore-
going, the goal of compliance management is to institute
structures and processes to ensure that all directors and
employees, and especially senior executives, conduct
themselves in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations. Another goal of compliance management is
to prevent harm to the company’s reputation and finan-
cial condition that could result from violations of laws and
regulations.

As a further step for reinforcing good corporate govern-
ance and establishing a sensible compliance management
system, Axel Springer published a Code of Conduct dur-
ing the 2011 financial year. This summarizes existing cor-
porate principles and values as well as essential Axel
Springer regulations and guidelines, and also specifies
ethical, moral, and legal requirements which should be
adhered to by all employees. The Code of Conduct can
be found at www.axelspringer.de/coc_en.


--- Page 58 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Procedures of the Executive Board and Supervisory
Board, and composition of the committees of the
Supervisory Board

Cooperation between the Executive Board and
Supervisory Board

Even after the change of form into a European company
(Societas Europaea, SE), which took effect upon being
entered in the Commercial Register on December 2, 2013,
management and supervision of the company - as was.
the case with Axel Springer AG — are effected by means of
a dual board system. The Executive Board manages the
company under its own responsibility. The Supervisory
Board appoints the members of the Executive Board, and
monitors and advises the latter in the conduct of the busi-
ness. The two boards work closely together in an atmos-
phere of trust and confidence to sustainably enhance the
company’s value. The two boards are strictly separated in
terms of personnel and their areas of authority.

Procedures of the Executive Board

In its executive function, the Executive Board is obligated
to pursue the interests of the company and dedicated to
sustainable company development. It develops the stra-
tegic orientation of the company and is responsible for its
implementation in coordination with the Supervisory
Board. The Executive Board manages the company’s
affairs in compliance with the relevant laws, the Articles
of Incorporation, and its rules of procedure.

It provides regular, timely, and comprehensive infor-
mation to the Supervisory Board on all relevant matters
of strategy, planning, business development, risk man-
agement including the risk situation, and the internal
control system and compliance management system. In
accordance with the internal rules of procedure adopted
by the Supervisory Board, important decisions of the
Executive Board require the approval of the Supervisory
Board. Such decisions include, above all, the creation or
discontinuation of business divisions, the acquisition or
sale of significant equity investments, and the adoption
of the company’s annual business and financial plan.

The members of the Executive Board are jointly respon-
sible for the management, work together collegially, and
keep each other informed of important measures and

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

business transactions in their business divisions. Not-
withstanding the general responsibility of all Executive
Board members, each member of the Executive Board
manages the business division assigned to him, under
his own responsibility, with the exception of those deci-
sions that are incumbent on the full Executive Board.

The Executive Board meets regularly in the form of Ex-
ecutive Board meetings, which are convened and
chaired by the Executive Board Chairman, as a general
rule. Furthermore, every Executive Board member and
the Chairman of the Supervisory Board are entitled to
convene a meeting. As a general rule, the full Executive
Board adopts resolutions by a simple majority of the
votes cast; in the case of resolutions adopted by a sim-
ple majority, the Chairman casts the deciding vote. A
resolution adopted in spite of being opposed by the
Executive Board Chairman is deemed to be invalid, also
subject to the limits of the applicable laws.

The internal rules of procedure adopted by the Supervi-
sory Board for the Executive Board provide more precise

rules, including the following:

™@ The obligation to observe and comply with the corpo-
rate constitution and to anchor it throughout the Group

™@ The executive organization chart and the decisions to
be made by the full Executive Board

™@ The duties of the Chairman of the Executive Board

™ Transactions that require the approval of the Super-
visory Board

™@ Rules concerning the regular, timely, and comprehen-
sive provision of information to the Supervisory Board

@ Rules concerning meetings and the adoption of
resolutions

™® Obligation to disclose conflicts of interest


--- Page 59 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

With the appointment on January 1, 2014 of Dr. Julian
Deutz to the Executive Board, the departure of Mr. Lo-
thar Lanz as Chief Financial and Chief Operating Officer
on April 16, 2014, and the departure of Mr. Ralph Buchi
as President International which also took place in April,
the Executive Board currently consists of four members:

™ Dr. Mathias Dopfner, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer

™@ Jan Bayer, President BILD and WELT Group
@ Dr. Julian Deutz, Chief Financial Officer.

@ Dr. Andreas Wiele, President Marketing and Classified
Ad Models

Procedures of the Supervisory Board

As per the company’s Articles of Incorporation, the Su-
pervisory Board of Axel Springer SE is composed of nine
members, who are elected by the annual shareholders’
meeting. The regular term of office of Supervisory Board
members is five years; they are eligible for re-election at
the end of their terms. The Supervisory Board elects its
Chairman from among its own ranks; the term of office of
the Supervisory Board Chairman is coincident with that
of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board advises
the Executive Board and monitors the work of the Ex-
ecutive Board. It holds at least four meetings a year. In
case of necessity, it meets without the Executive Board
in attendance. Meetings may be held and resolutions
adopted also by way of written correspondence, tele-
phone calls, faxes, or electronic media. As a general rule,
the Supervisory Board adopts resolutions by a simple
majority of the members voting on the resolution; in case
of a tie, the Chairman casts the deciding vote. The Su-
pervisory Board deliberates on the company’s business
developments, planning, strategy, and significant capital
expenditures at regular intervals. The Supervisory Board
adopts the separate financial statements of Axel Springer
SE and approves the consolidated financial statements.
of the Group. It regularly assesses the efficiency of its
work by means of a questionnaire. Please refer to the
report of the Supervisory Board (see page 79) for addi-

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

tional information on the specific activities of the Supervi-
sory Board in financial year 2014.

The internal rules of procedure of the Supervisory Board
comply with the requirements of the German Corporate
Governance Code and contain rules covering the follow-

ing topics, among others:

™@ Election and duties of the Chairman and Vice Chair-
man of the Supervisory Board

® Calling of meetings
™@ Adoption of resolutions at meetings or by voting by
way of written correspondence, telephone calls, fax,

or electronic media

™ Supervisory Board committees, including their com-
position, organization, and duties

™ Obligation to disclose conflicts of interest

After the end of the annual shareholders’ meeting, which
took place on April 16, 2014, the Supervisory Board
consists of nine members. The members of the Super-
visory Board are:

™ Dr. Giuseppe Vita, Chairman

™@ Dr. h.c. Friede Springer, Vice Chairwoman

@ Oliver Heine

Rudolf Knepper (since April 16, 2014)
®@ Lothar Lanz (since April 16, 2014)

@ Dr. Nicola Leibinger-Kammiller

Prof. Dr. Wolf Lepenies

@ Prof. Dr.-Ing. Wolfgang Reitzle (since April 16, 2014)

@ Martin Varsavsky (since April 16, 2014)


--- Page 60 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

The term of office of all current Supervisory Board mem-
bers ends at the end of the annual shareholders’ meeting
in 2019. Long-term Supervisory Board members Dr.
Gerhard Cromme, Klaus Krone, and Dr. Michael Otto
have stepped down from the Supervisory Board after the
end of the 2014 annual shareholders’ meeting.

The requirements for expert knowledge and independ-
ence as defined by Article 100 para 5 AktG (financial
expert) are satisfied amongst others by Dr. Giuseppe Vita,
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, who was also
Chairman of the Audit Committee until the end of the
2014 annual shareholders meeting, and Lothar Lanz,
who has succeeded Dr. Vita as Chairman of the Audit
Committee as of April 16, 2014.

Composition and procedures of committees
The Executive Board has not formed committees.

In accordance with its internal rules of procedure, the
Supervisory Board has formed four committees to sup-
port the work of the full board: the Executive Committee,
the Personnel Committee, the Nominating Committee,
and the Audit Committee. In those matters stipulated in
the internal rules of procedure of the Supervisory Board,
the committees prepare the resolutions to be adopted
and other matters to be addressed by the full board.
Within the limits of applicable laws, the committees also
adopt resolutions in lieu of the full board in those matters
stipulated in the internal rules of procedure of the Super-
visory Board. The internal rules of procedure of the Su-
pervisory Board stipulate the procedures for meetings
and resolutions adopted by the committees and define
their areas of responsibility.

Please refer to the Report of the Supervisory Board (see
page 79) for information on the areas of responsibility
and composition of the committees.

By way of exception to the recommendation set out in
Section 5.2 para 2 GCGC, the Chairman of the Supervi-
sory Board, Dr. Giuseppe Vita, is also the Chairman of
the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board (see the
stated exception in the Declaration of Conformity of
November 5, 2013) until the end of the annual share-

70

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

holders' meeting in 2014. He satisfies the requirements
of expert knowledge and independence within the mean-
ing of Article 9 para 1 letter c) ii) SE-VO in conjunction
with Section 107 paras 4, 100 para 5 AktG (financial
expert), and the requirements of the recommendations in
Section 5.3.2 paras 2 and 3 GCGC. In the constituent
meeting on April 16, 2014 of the newly-elected Supervi-
sory Board which was elected by the annual sharehold-
ers' meeting, Mr. Lothar Lanz was elected as Chairman
of the Audit Committee by way of exception to the rec-
ommendation set out in Section 5.3.2 para 3 sub-para 2
GCGC (see the stated exception in the Declaration of
Conformity of November 5, 2013, which was updated on
April 17, 2014 as well as in the Declaration of Conformity
from November 10, 2014, see page 65). He satisfies the
requirements of expert knowledge and independence in
the sense of Article 9 para 1 letter c) ii) SE-VO in conjunction
with Section 107 paras 4, 100 para 5 AktG (financial
expert), and the requirements of the recommendations
in Section 5.3.2 paras 2 and 3 sub-para 1 GCGC.

Further information on corporate
governance

Goals for the composition of the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board of Axel Springer SE has decided
on the following objectives for its composition with re-
spect to Section 5.4.1 GCGC.

™ The Supervisory Board of Axel Springer SE should be
composed in such a way that its members generally
possess all knowledge, abilities, and professional ex-
perience necessary to properly perform the duties of
the Supervisory Board.

With due consideration given to the company’s busi-
ness object and purpose set forth in the Articles of In-
corporation, the size of the company, and the relative
importance of its international activities, the Supervi-
sory Board will also strive, as a goal for the upcoming
regular elections, to bring about a composition of its
members that is appropriate in view of the following
considerations, in particular:


--- Page 61 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

@ At least two seats on the Supervisory Board should
be held by persons who fulfill the criterion of interna-
tionality to a particular degree (for example, by reason
of relevant experience in international business).

™ Supervisory Board members should not hold any
position on a board or perform any consulting work
for important competitors of the company.

™@ The Supervisory Board should have an adequate
proportion of women. Currently, two of the nine
members (22.2 %) are women; the Supervisory Board
considers this adequate in any event.

@ In making nominations, due consideration should be
given to the general rule that Supervisory Board
members should not be older than 72 years; the Su-
pervisory Board can approve exceptions to this poli-
cy. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board should ob-
serve the principle that as few members as possible
should be subject to a potential conflict of interest, as
in connection with an advisory role or board seat with
significant customers, suppliers, creditors, or other
significant business partners of Axel Springer. Fur-
thermore, the Supervisory Board should give due
consideration to the principle that its composition
should meet the criterion of diversity.

@ With respect to its composition, the Supervisory
Board adopted the goal that at least two of its mem-
bers will be independent according to the definition of
the GCGC.

The foregoing principles have already been completely
implemented with the current composition of the Super-
visory Board of Axel Springer SE.

Goals for the composition of the Executive Board
The Supervisory Board has decided on the following
objectives for the composition of the Executive Board of
Axel Springer SE with respect to Section 5.1.2 GCGC.

@ In making decisions concerning the composition of
the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board should
give due consideration to the principle of diversity and

71

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

should strive in particular to give appropriate consid-
eration to women.

™@ The Supervisory Board should work together with the
Executive Board to assure long-term succession
planning.

@ At the time of being (re-)appointed to the Executive
Board, no member should be older than 62, as a gen-
eral rule; the Supervisory Board can approve excep-
tions to this rule.

In appointing the new Executive Board member

Dr. Julian Deutz as of January 1, 2014, the Supervisory
Board gave due consideration to the principles men-
tioned above and appointed the most qualified candidate,
in its opinion.

Goals concerning the staffing of key functions

In view of the recommendation set out in Section 4.1.5
GCGC, reference is made to the description of personnel
policies designed to assure equal opportunity and diver-
sity on page 38 of the present Annual Report.

Shareholders and annual shareholders’ meeting
The annual shareholders' meeting is the central organ via
which Axel Springer SE shareholders can exercise their
rights and their voting rights. Every share confers the
right to cast one vote in the annual shareholders’ meet-
ing. Those shareholders who are registered in the share
register and have registered for the meeting in time are
entitled to vote. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board
generally chairs the shareholders’ meeting. To make it
easier for shareholders to exercise their prerogatives at
the annual shareholders’ meeting, their votes can be
cast by authorized proxies. Axel Springer SE also desig-
nates a voting proxy whom shareholders can elect to
execute their voting rights according to their instructions.
All required reports and documents are made available
to the shareholders in advance, also on the company’s
Internet page.

The annual shareholders’ meeting resolves specifically
on the utilization of the distributable profit, the ratification
of the actions of the Executive Board and Supervisory


--- Page 62 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

Board, the election of the Supervisory Board, the elec-
tion of the independent auditor, and other matters legally
assigned to them, such as corporate actions and other
amendments to the Articles of Incorporation. The resolu-
tions of the annual shareholders’ meeting require a sim-
ple majority of the votes cast, unless another majority is
prescribed by law or by the company’s Articles of Incor-
poration. The Articles of Incorporation can be inspected
on the company’s website at www.axelspringer.com/-
articlesofassociation.

Conflicts of interest

The members of the Executive Board and Supervisory
Board are bound to promote the interests of the company.
No member of either board may, through their decisions,
pursue personal interests or take advantage of business
opportunities that should be the province of the company.

Executive Board members may not demand or accept
gifts or other benefits from, or grant unjustified benefits
to, third parties in connection with their activities, either
for their own benefit or for that of others. Sideline activi-
ties of the Executive Board require the consent of the
Supervisory Board. Executive Board members are sub-
ject to a comprehensive anti-competition clause during
the period of their activity for Axel Springer. Every Execu-
tive Board member must inform the Supervisory Board
of any conflict of interest without delay. No conflicts of
interest arose within the Executive Board in the financial
year.

Also, every member of the Supervisory Board must
inform the Supervisory Board immediately of any con-
flicts of interest that may arise. In the annual sharehold-
ers' meeting, the Supervisory Board reports on all con-
flicts of interest and how to treat them. No conflicts of
interest arose in the Supervisory Board either, see the
Report of the Supervisory Board, see page 79).

Memberships on other supervisory bodies

Asummary of the seats held by the Executive Board and
Supervisory Board members of Axel Springer SE on other
legally prescribed supervisory boards or comparable

boards in Germany and abroad can be found on page 158.

72

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

Transparency

Axel Springer is committed to always providing compre-
hensive and consistent information in a timely and simul-
taneous manner on the significant events and develop-
ments relevant to an evaluation of the company’s
present and future business performance to all capital
market participants. Reporting on the business situation
and Group results is presented in its annual report, at its
annual financial statements press conference, and in its
semi-annual financial report and quarterly financial re-
ports. For this purpose, the company also uses Internet
communication channels whenever possible. Axel
Springer also regularly participates in conferences and
roadshows in key international financial centers; addi-
tional information on this subject can be found on page 8
of the present Annual Report. To the extent required by
law, the company also provides information in the form
of ad-hoc announcements and press releases, and on
the company’s website.

In order to ensure equal treatment of all capital market
participants, Axel Springer also publishes information
relevant to the capital markets simultaneously in German
and English on the company’s website. Financial report-
ing dates are published in the financial calendar with
sufficient advance notice. Immediately upon receiving the
corresponding notices, the company publishes changes
in the composition of the shareholder structure that are
subject to the reporting obligation according to Section
26 of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapier-
handelsgesetz, WpHG), and on the purchase and sale of
shares by persons who exercise management duties at
Axel Springer (directors’ dealings), in accordance with
Section 15a WpHG.

Shareholdings

The Executive Board members in office at the reporting
date directly or indirectly held 3,148,581 shares of Axel
Springer SE at the reporting date of December 31, 2014.
Of that number, 3,024,495 shares were held directly
by the Chairman of the Executive Board, Dr. Mathias
Dopfner, and indirectly.


--- Page 63 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

At the reporting date, the Supervisory Board members.
directly or indirectly held a total of 56,179,621 shares

of Axel Springer SE. Dr. h.c. Friede Springer held
51,000,030 shares indirectly via Friede Springer GmbH &
Co. KG and Axel Springer Gesellschaft flir Publizistik
GmbH & Co, and 5,104,341 shares directly.

Preparation and audit of the financial statements
The consolidated financial statements and interim finan-
cial statements are prepared in accordance with Interna-
tional Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as they are
to be applied in the European Union. The consolidated
financial statements also contain the disclosures pre-
scribed by Section 315a (1) HGB.

The consolidated financial statements are prepared by
the Executive Board of Axel Springer SE and audited by
the independent auditor. Axel Springer publishes the
consolidated financial statements within 90 days and the
quarterly financial reports within 45 days of the respec-
tive period ending dates.

The notes to the consolidated financial statements also
contain information on the company’s relationships with
shareholders who are to be classified as related parties
according to the definitions of the applicable accounting
regulations.

In accordance with the German Corporate Governance
Code, it is agreed with the independent auditor in each
financial year that the latter will inform the Chairman of
the Supervisory Board or the Audit Committee without
delay of any circumstances arising during the course of
the audit that would constitute grounds for disqualifica-
tion or partiality. It is also agreed that the independent
auditor will immediately report any material issues, mat-
ters, and events arising during the course of the audit
that fall within the purview of the Supervisory Board. It is
further agreed that the independent auditor will inform
the Supervisory Board or make an observation in the
audit report if the independent auditor were to discover,
during the course of the audit, any facts that contradict
the Declaration of Conformity by the Executive Board
and Supervisory Board according to Section 161 AktG.

73

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

Ongoing actions for nullification
The current state of ongoing legal actions is as follows:

On May 21, 2009, the shareholder Dr. Oliver Kraus filed
an action to nullify the resolution of the annual share-
holders’ meeting of April 23, 2009 relating to Agenda
Item 7 (Special authorization to purchase and use the
company’s own shares according to Section 71 (1) (8)
AktG in connection with the Management Participation
Program) and contested the election of Dr. h.c. Friede
Springer and Brian Powers to the Supervisory Board of
the company (Agenda Item 8). Moreover, Dr. Oliver
Kraus petitioned for a finding that the company is obli-
gated to provide him, in his capacity as a shareholder,
with a transcript of those portions of the “stenographic
minutes from its question recording and question an-
swering system” that cover his questions and comments,
as well as the information provided by the company in
response. The shareholders SCI AG and Oliver Wieder-
hold joined the action on the side of the defendant. The
Berlin Regional Court rejected the suit in its entirety by
judgment dated June 10, 2010 (Case No. 95 O 52/09),
that is, both with regard to the action to nullify, as well as
the petition for a finding. Dr. Oliver Kraus filed an appeal
against this decision before the Berlin Appellate Court;
the appeal proceeding is being conducted under Case
No. 23 U 125/10.

On May 21, 2010, Dr. Oliver Kraus filed an additional
action to nullify the resolutions of the annual sharehold-
ers’ meeting of April 23, 2010 relating to the ratification
of the actions of the Executive Board and the Superviso-
ry Board for financial year 2009 (Agenda Items 3 and 4),
as well as the general authorization to purchase and use
the company’s own shares according to Section 71 (1)
(8) AktG and to exclude the preemptive right, and the
special authorization, to purchase and use the compa-
ny’s own shares according to Section 71 (1) (8) AktG in
connection with the Management Participation Program
and to exclude the right to tender and preemptive right
(Agenda Items 6 and 7). The shareholders Frank Scheu-
nert and Gastro Beteiligungs AG joined this action on the
side of the defendant. In its ruling of March 7, 2012
(Case No. 105 O 53/10), the Berlin Regional Court par-
tially granted the claim and nullified the resolutions of the


--- Page 64 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

annual shareholders’ meeting adopted under Agenda
Items 4, 6, and 7. The company has filed an appeal
against this ruling with the Berlin Appellate Court. The
appeal is pending under Case No. 23 U 92/12.

Compensation report

Axel Springer’s compensation policy follows the principle
of granting compensation to the Executive Board and
Supervisory Board that is based on their performance in
the interest of sustainable corporate development. This.
compensation consists of fixed and variable perfor-
mance-dependent components.

Executive Board

In accordance with the requirements of the German
Stock Corporation Act and the recommendations of
GCGC, the compensation of the Executive Board mem-
bers consists of fixed and variable components. The
variable compensation is composed of a cash compo-
nent paid in the form of an annual bonus and a long-term,
stock-based component. All components of compensa-
tion are appropriate, both individually and as a whole.
The criteria used to determine appropriateness are the
tasks of the individual Executive Board member, his
personal performance, as well as the economic situation,
profit, and the future prospects of Axel Springer.

Due consideration is also given to the industry environ-
ment. The Supervisory Board did not consult with out-
side compensation experts during the financial year.

The fixed compensation corresponds to the annual
fixed salary; in addition, the Executive Board members
receive a company car or company car allowance and
security expenses as fringe benefits. The annual fixed
salary is established for the entire term of an employment
agreement and is disbursed in 12 monthly installments. It
is set on the basis of the duties of the individual Executive
Board member, the current economic situation, the profit,
and the future prospects of the Group, among other
considerations.

The variable compensation is in the form of an annual
bonus as a cash component, and depends on individual

74

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

performance with regards to individual objectives (relating
to the quantitative divisional objectives and qualitative
individual objectives, amongst others, based on the strat-
egy of Axel Springer SE) as well as Group objectives; it is
limited to double the sum payable for 100 % achievement
of objectives. Group objective in the 2014 financial year
was Group EBITDA (PY: Group EBITDA and EBITDA in
the Digital Media segment). Individual objectives for
measuring performance of individuals and Group objec-
tives are decided upon by the Supervisory Board. Part of
the variable cash component is based on achievement of
Group objectives established for an assessment period of
three years. Achievement of objectives is initially estab-
lished by the Supervisory Board members and chairman
with the relevant Executive Board member and then
finalized by the Supervisory Board.

In addition, there is a long-term variable compensa-
tion component in the form of virtual stock option plans,

the parameters of which are shown in the following:

Executive Board Program

2009 2012 20141 201411
Grant date 07/01/2009 01/01/2012 01/01/2014 09/01/2014
Term in years 6 6 6 6
Vesting period

in years 4 4 4 4
Stock options

granted 1,125,000” 450,000 205,313 «675,000
Underlying (€) 20.29" 30.53 44.06 44.56
Maximum

payment (€) 40.57” 61.06 88.12 89.12
Value at grant

date (€) 4.22" 5.26 6.69 6.26
Total value at

grant date

(€ millions) 47 24 14 42

"Adjusted to account for the share split conducted in 2011
If the Executive Board service agreement or the ap-
pointment to the Executive Board exists for at least the
end of the four year waiting period, then all virtual stock
options may become vested to the member of the Exec-
utive Board. If the working relationship or the appoint-
ment of the authorized member of the Executive Board


--- Page 65 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

finishes before the end of the waiting period, but is at
least one year after the grant date, then the stock op-
tions become vested pro rata temporis relating to the
waiting period.

A further condition for vesting to take place is that either
the volume-weighted average price of the Axel Springer
share is at least 30 % over the base value or that the
percentage increase of this average price exceeds that
of the base value of the development of the DAX over a
period of 90 calendar days within a time period of a year
before the end of the waiting period.

Exercising stock options is only possible if the volume-
weighted average price of the Axel Springer share 90
calendar days before exercising such options is at least
30% over the base value and that the percentage in-
crease exceeds that of the DAX index. Each option
grants a payment claim in the amount of the growth in
value of the Axel Springer share, restricted to a maxi-
mum of 200 % of the base value, which corresponds to
the difference between the volume-weighted average
price during the last 90 calendar days prior to exercise
and the base value.

Executive Board members are obligated to hold one Axel
Springer share for every ten stock options as a personal
investment. Disposing of these shares prior to exercising
the options would result in the stock options being for-
feited at the same rate.

The 2009 Executive Board Program was completed in
2013 as the remaining options were exercised. With
regards to the Executive Board Programs that are grant-
ed, see the information in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements under Section (12).

Executive Board members have received contractually-
agreed pension provisions. Payment of pension applies
when reaching the age of 62, provided that the Executive
Board member is no longer at their post at this point. In
case of premature departure the Executive Board member
has - after the end of five years since the pension com-
mitment or since earlier entry into the company - a vested
claim to a pension payment proportional to the length of

75

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

his employment with the company. Payments are also
made in case of a complete reduction in earning capacity.

Some Executive Board members have the right to termi-
nate their employment contracts in the event of a change
in control. They will then have the right to receive pay-
ment of their base salary for the most recently negotiated
remaining contractual term, while some of the eligible
Executive Board members will have the right to receive
payment of an amount equal to at least one year’s base
salary. Furthermore, the company will pay the pro-rated
percentage of the success-based compensation for the
period of time served in the year of resignation. The
employment contracts of the members of the Executive
Board do not provide for any other compensation if the
employment relationship is terminated as a result of a
change in control.

In the 2014 financial year the total compensation paid
to the Executive Board was € 17.8 million. (PY:

€ 20.1 million), plus € 5.6 million (PY: € 0.0 million) in the
form of a long-term stock-based compensation compo-
nent (virtual stock option plans 2014 | and 2014 Il). The
fixed components totaled € 8.9 million (PY: € 9.4 million);
also containing the contributions for fringe benefits
(company car or company car allowance and security
expenses). The variable cash component came to a total
of € 8.9 million (PY: € 10.7 million). According to this, the
fixed compensation including fringe benefits in the finan-
cial year amounts to a proportion of 38 % of total com-
pensation (including long-term stock-based compensation
components) (PY: 47 %).

Guaranteed pension payments to members of the Exec-
utive Board resulted in a personnel expense of € 0.5
million in fiscal year 2014 (PY: € 0.5 million). The cash
value of the guaranteed pension payments in pension
provisions totaled € 11.4 million (PY: € 7.0 million). Cred-
its or advance payments were not granted to members
of the Executive Board in the 2014 financial year. In the
case of guaranteed pension payments to Executive
Board members, which became effective with the rele-
vant recommendation in Section 4.2.3 sentence 10
GCGC on June 10, 2013, the Supervisory Board estab-
lished the pension level desired in compliance with the


--- Page 66 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

previously stated Code recommendation and considered
the annual and long-term expense for the company
derived from this.

Axel Springer SE does not disclose the total compensa-
tion of individual Executive Board members by name,
given that Sections 314 (2) and 286 (5) HGB expressly
place the disclosure of Executive Board compensation by
name under the reservation of a differing resolution of the
annual shareholders’ meeting with a qualified majority of
the share capital represented upon the adoption of the
resolution. The annual shareholders’ meeting of Axel
Springer SE held on April 16, 2014, adopted such a
resolution with the requisite majority. The reason for this is
that Axel Springer SE’s competitors do not disclose item-
ized compensation either.

Supervisory Board
The compensation of the Supervisory Board is set by the
annual shareholders’ meeting.

The compensation of the Supervisory Board of Axel
Springer SE is regulated by Article 16 of the Articles of
Incorporation of Axel Springer SE. According to this, the
Supervisory Board receives fixed compensation of € 3.0
million annually. The Supervisory Board decides how the
aforementioned amount is distributed among its mem-
bers, with appropriate consideration given to their activi-
ties as chairman and in the committees. If the member
does not serve on the Supervisory Board or exercise a
higher-paying function of a Supervisory Board member
for the full year, such member will receive a pro-rated
share of the full-year compensation. Only full months of
activity are taken into account for this purpose. The
compensation is payable after the close of the given
financial year.

For financial year 2014, the Supervisory Board will
receive total compensation of € 3.0 million (PY: € 3.0
million). In addition, the company reimburses all mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board for their expenses and for
the value-added tax payable on their compensation and
on the reimbursement of their expenses. The company
pays the premium for the D&O insurance taken out for
members of the Supervisory Board. One member of the

76

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

Supervisory Board is paid an annual salary of € 0.1 mil-
lion for his services as an author.

Contrary to Section 5.4.6 sentences 5 and 6 of the Ger-
man Corporate Governance Code, the compensation
paid to members of the Supervisory Board, as well as
the compensation paid by the company to them for
services rendered personally, are not presented in the
Corporate Governance Report, since Axel Springer SE’s
competitors do not disclose such information either.

Share-based compensation of senior executives

Axel Springer has issued virtual stock option plans for
selected senior executives, the main parameters of which
are shown in the following:

Senior Executive Program

20111 201111 2014
Grant date 10/01/2011 10/01/2011 03/01/2014
Term in years 4 6 5
Vesting period in years 2 4 3
Stock options granted 472,500 472,500 60,000
Underlying (€) 30.00 35.00 46.80
Maximum payment (€) 60.00 70.00 93.60
Value at grant date (€) 2.74 2.31 8.14
Total value at grant date

(€ millions) 13 14 05

Provided that the beneficiary is employed by the compa-
ny at least until the expiration of the respective vesting
period, all virtual stock options granted to the relevant
senior executive may become vested. If the authorized
senior executive is not employed by the company before
the end of the vesting period, but is at least one year
after the grant date, the stock options are vested up to
one half (Senior Executive Programs 2011 | and 2014) or
to one quarter per elapsed year of the vesting period
(Senior Executive Program 2011 Il).

A further condition for vesting to take place is that either
the volume-weighted average price of the Axel Springer
share is at least 30 % over the base value or that the
percentage increase of this average price exceeds that


--- Page 67 ---

Annual Report 2014
Axel Springer SE

of the base value of the development of the DAX over a
period of three calendar months within a time period of a
year before the end of the waiting period.

Exercising stock options is only possible if the volume-
weighted average price of the Axel Springer share during
the three calendar months before exercising such options
is at least 30 % over the base value and that the percent-
age increase exceeds that of the DAX index. Each option
grants a payment claim in the amount of the growth in
value of the Axel Springer share, restricted to a maximum
of 200 % of the base value, which corresponds to the
difference between the volume-weighted average price
during the last three calendar months prior to exercise
and the base value.

77

Combined Management Report
Corporate Governance Report

Beneficiaries are obligated to hold one Axel Springer
share for every ten stock options as a personal invest-
ment. Disposing of these shares prior to exercising the
options would result in the stock options being forfeited
at the same rate.

The Senior Executive Program 2011 | was completed
during the financial year as the stock options were exer-
cised or forfeited. With regards to the executive programs
that are granted, see the information in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements under Section (12).
