

--- Page 1 ---

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

STRATEGIC REPORT
CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

The energy landscape has fundamentally transformed in the nearly nine
years that | have served as Chairman

Technological advances have enabled a surge in gas and oil
production from deep beneath the ocean and unlocked important new
shale resources over the last few years, for example

Shell plans to continue to invest in innovative technology, talented
people and the development of new energy sources that will be vital to
meet rising long-term demand, while limiting carbon emissions

But the short-term outlook for energy markets is uncertain

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates that the world
economy grew by 3.3% in 2014, unchanged from 2013. In January
2015, the IMF revised its forecast for 2015 down from 3.8% to 3.5%,
pointing to concerns over the Russian and eurozone economies,
combined with slowing growth in China

Concerns over economic growth, coupled with buoyant global oil
production, drove a decline in crude oil prices during the second half
of 2014, ending a three-year spell of relatively high prices. Although
the Brent crude oil price averaged $99 per barrel in 2014, down
from $109 in 2013, it ended the year at $55

Shell will continue to look carefully at how and where to allocate
capital in an economic environment that remains fragile

A sustained period of low oil prices could, of course, challenge the
economics of some of our planned projects and make them less
attractive. But we must continue to take a long-term view in a world
where energy demand continues to rise.

ROBUST STRATEGY

In 2014, our steps to improve capital discipline helped deliver solid
returns to shareholders. We delivered strong cash flow for the year
and also completed our programme of divesting some parts of our
portfolio ahead of schedule and before oil prices fell in the second half
of the year

Our strong balance sheet allows us to continue to invest, despite short
term price volatility, while our emphasis on employing innovative
technologies will help make our new projects competitive sources of

supply.

Many new energy resources will be needed in the longer term. Global
primary energy demand could grow by 37% from 2012 to 2040,
according to the International Energy Agency (IEA)

The IEA expects renewable energy to meet an increasing share of
global energy needs. But its central scenario, which takes into account
existing government commitments and plans, points to a 14% rise in oil
consumption and a 55% rise in gas consumption by 2040.

Gas will be increasingly in demand partly because of the important
role it can play in reducing carbon emissions when replacing coal,
particularly in power plants.

Becoming the most competitive and innovative gas supplier has been a
clear strategic goal for Shell throughout my time as Chairman,
especially in liquefied natural gas (LNG), which is now central to the
global trade in gas. Shell has evolved from being predominantly an oil
producer to a company that produces more gas than oil

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

We are building a large floating LNG production facility, called
Prelude, which will help access gas resources in remote waters
Prelude is one example of the technological advances we are making
to help meet future demand

Our deep-water technology is another. It enabled us to start production
in 2014 at major projects in the Gulf of Mexico and off the coasts of
Malaysia and Nigeria

Through our joint venture Raizen in Brazil, we are also now one of the
world’s largest producers of low-carbon biofuel

CLIMATE CHANGE

It is clear that new technologies will be needed to tackle climate
change effectively. For example, carbon capture and storage (CCS)
technology to store carbon dioxide (COz) safely underground could
substantially reduce the amount of CO; emitted in energy production at
lower cost than many other technologies

But widespread government and industry support is needed to ensure
that enough CCS plants are built around the world to make a
substantial contribution to the wider drive to reduce CO,

All sectors of society must work together to combat climate change
effectively. One vital and pressing step is to set up effective systems for
putting a price on carbon emissions. It is an efficient way to encourage
companies to change their activities in ways that have a deep and
lasting impact on emissions

| was encouraged to hear at the United Nations (UN) Climate Summit
in New York in September 2014 that the need for effective carbon
pricing systems had broad support. | hope that significant progress can
be made on this at the crucial UN Climate Change Conference in
Paris in December 2015

INNOVATION AND INNOVATORS

| have had the privilege of working with many talented, creative and
forward-thinking people at Shell. Their focus on developing innovative
ways to produce and refine new energy resources should benefit our
shareholders and customers in the years ahead by keeping our
products competitive in any economic environment

Perhaps the best example is the Pearl gas-torliquids (GTL} complex in
Qatar. The final decision to go ahead with the project was taken at
the first Board meeting | chaired in 2006. Back then, there was some
scepticism, outside Shell at least, about the project’s ambitious scope
and viability as a major investment.

We proved the sceptics wrong. Today we know that a GTL project on
this scale, it is the largest such plant in the world, does work
Watching Pearl develop and seeing its products now benefiting
customers around the world has been one of the most rewarding
experiences during my time at Shell

Pearl's success underscores the importance of continuing our strategy
of making disciplined investments in key projects and new
technologies. This is how we can compete more effectively on the
global stage as we continue to create value for our customers, pariners
and investors.

Jorma Ollila
Chairman


--- Page 2 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S
REVIEW

After my first year as Chief Executive Officer, | am pleased to see that
we are delivering on our three key priorities of improved financial
performance, enhanced capital efficiency and continued strong project
delivery

We have come a long way. Shell’s earnings on a current cost of
supplies basis attributable to shareholders improved in 2014
compared with 2013, largely thanks to our prudent investment strategy
and delivery of major new projects around the world

We achieved these better results despite the fall in oil prices during the
second half of 2014, a decline mainly caused by plentiful supply and
weak global demand

Our improved operational performance, prudent spending and sales of
assets that are not central to our strategy helped us enter this period of
low oil prices from a position of strength

But there is still work to be done. | want to see more competitive
performance across Shell in 2015 and beyond

We continued our focus on safety, but sadly five people working for
Shell in 2014 lost their lives. There was also an explosion at our
Moerdijk chemical plant in the Netherlands, but thankfully it caused no
serious injuries.

Tragically, we lost four colleagues and eight of their family members in
the Malaysia Airlines disaster over Ukraine in July. That was a deeply
saddening experience for all

2014 MILESTONES

For 2014, our earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to
shareholders were $19 billion, which included impairments of $5 billion
and gains on divestments of $2 billion, compared with $17 billion in
2013, which included impairments of $4 billion. Net cash flow from
operating activities rose to $45 billion from $40 billion in 2013

We reduced our capital investment from $46 billion in 2013 to
$37 billion

Underlining our ongoing commitment to shareholder returns, we
distributed $12 billion to shareholders in dividends, including those
taken as shares under our Scrip Dividend Programme, and spent

$3 billion on share repurchases in 2014. This compares with

$11 billion of dividends and $5 billion of share repurchases in 2013

Our Upstream earnings rose from 2013 to 2014, reflecting improved
operational performance and the start of production from new deep-
water projects. These included GumusutKakap in Malaysia, which is
expected to produce up to 135 thousand barrels per day of oil
equivalent (boe/d) and the 40 thousand boe/d Bonga North West
development off the coast of Nigeria. We also began production from
the Cardamom and Olympus platforms in the Gulf of Mexico. However,
production from new projects was more than offset by the expiry of a
licence in Abu Dhabi and the impact of asset sales. Our oil and gas
production averaged 3.1 million boe/d in 2014, 4% less than in 2013

The integration of the Repsol liquefied natural gas (LNG) businesses
acquired in January helped boost our LNG sales to 24 million tonnes,
up 22% on 2013

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW

It was a good year for our exploration drive, with 10 notable
discoveries. The resources we uncovered — including in the USA,
Gabon and Malaysia — could be important sources of gas and oil for
decades to come,

We continued to streamline our Downstream operations, selling most
of our businesses in Australia and Italy, for example. While there is
some growth potential in businesses such as chemicals, lubricants and
in China, we continue to look for opportunities to reduce our costs and
optimise our Downstream portfolio

PRUDENT PATH OF GROWTH

The fall in oil prices in 2014 was part of the volatility our industry has
always faced. But it underlined the importance of being selective in our
investments and keeping a tight grip on costs

Divestments, together with the initial public offering in Shell Midstream
Partners, L.P., generated $15 billion in proceeds in 2014. They
included shale oil and gas interests in North America and downstream
businesses in several countries, meeting our target for 2014-15 well
ahead of schedule. We plan to continue to divest assets in 2015

To improve returns and control costs during this period of low prices,
we have also reduced our potential spending on organic growth by
$15 billion for 2015-2017. For example, together with our partners
Qatar Petroleum, we have decided not to proceed with the proposed
Al Karaana petrochemicals project in Qatar because it is too costly in
the current environment.

We expect organic capital investment to be lower in 2015 than 2014
levels of around $35 billion. But we want to preserve our growth to
ensure we continue to generate cash flow and dividends for our
shareholders. That is why we are still planning to invest in
economically-sound projects this year in key growth areas, such as
deep water and LNG.

Clearly, we do not want to miss future growth opportunities simply
because they may seem unaffordable in the low oil price world we see
today

However, in this period of economic uncertainty, we also need to
remain cautious and are prepared to curb spending further if
warranted by the evolving market outlook.

STRONG LONG-TERM DEMAND

In the long term, we expect demand for energy to continue to rise as
populations and prosperity increase. Billions of people across the
developing world need better access to energy to improve their lives

We expect the global energy supply mix to evolve significantly in the
decades ahead with gas, the cleanest-burning fossil fuel, becoming
more widely used for power generation. While we expect renewables
such as wind, solar and biofuels to play an increasing role, oil and
gas will be vital to meet the considerable expected increase in energy
demand

At the same time, the need to tackle climate change requires effective
policies that help meet the world’s energy needs while significantly
reducing carbon dioxide (COz} emissions

Facilities to capture and store CO» should be a key part of the global
solution. Our Quest project to capture and safely store CO, from a
Canadian oil sands facility is expected to be completed in 2015. We
are also planning a carbon capture and storage (CCS) facility at the
Peterhead gas+ired power plant in the UK


--- Page 3 ---

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S REVIEW SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW
CONTINUED

Effective carborrpricing systems are needed. They can drive a shift
from coal to gas-fired power generation, encourage greater energy
efficiency and create the frameworks for the widespread use of CCS.

In the shorter term, the world economy is going through a period of
relatively slow growth. There is no change in the long-term outlook for
energy demand, however, as the global population rises and living
standards improve

We will continue our strategy of strengthening our position as a leader
in the oil and gas industry while supplying energy in a responsible
way

By stepping up our drive to improve our financial performance and
continuing to invest in good projects and opportunities, we are
working hard to add more value for our shareholders.

This may mean making tough choices during a testing time for the
energy industry. But it will help Shell deliver where it matters — the
bottom line. | am determined that we can and will combine the
disciplined pursuit of efficiency today with a vision of long-term
sustainability which will secure our leadership role in the decades to
come,

Ben van Beurden
Chief Executive Officer


--- Page 4 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

HISTORY

From 1907 until 2005, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company and The
"Shell” Transport and Trading Company, p.l.c. were the two public
parent companies of a group of companies known collectively as the
"Royal Dutch/Shell Group”. Operating activities were conducted
through the subsidiaries of these parent companies. In 2005, Royal
Dutch Shell ple became the single parent company of Royal Dutch
Petroleum Company and of The "Shell” Transport and Trading
Company, p.l.c., now The Shell Transport and Trading Company
Limited

Royall Dutch Shell ple (the Company] is a public limited company
registered in England and Wales and headquartered in The Hague,
the Netherlands

ACTIVITIES

Shell is one of the world’s largest independent oil and gas companies
in terms of market capitalisation, operating cash flow and production
We aim for strong operational performance and productive
investments around the world

Il EXPLORATION i DEVELOPMENT

AND EXTRACTION

DEVELOPING
FIELDS

EXPLORING FOR
OIL AND GAS:

ONSHORE AND
OFFSHORE

PRODUCING.
OIL AND GAS.

EXTRACTING
BITUMEN

EI MANUFACTURING AND

RETAIL AND B2B SALES

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

We explore for oil and gas worldwide, both from conventional fields
and from sources such as tight rock, shale and coal formations

We work to develop new oil and gas supplies from major fields. For
example, in 2014 we began production from the GumusutKakap
deep-water project in Malaysia, the Mars B and Cardamom
developments in the deep-water Gulf of Mexico, USA, and the Bonga
North West project off the coast of Nigeria. We also invest in
expanding our integrated gas business. For example, in January
2014, we acquired a part of Repsol S.A.'s liquefied natural gas (LING)
portfolio, including supply positions in Peru and Trinidad and Tobago

Our portfolio of refineries and chemical plants enables us to capture
value from the oil and gas that we produce. Furthermore, we are a
leading biofuel producer and fuel retailer in Brazil, through our Raizen
joint venture. We have a strong retail position not only in the major
industrialised countries, but also in developing countries. The distinctive
Shell pecten, (a trademark in use since the early part of the 20th
century}, and trademarks in which the word Shell appears, help raise
the profile of our brand globally. A strong patent portfolio underlies the
technology that we employ in our various businesses. In total, Shell has

more than 15,000 granted patents and pending patent applications

TRANSPORT

ENERGY PRODUCTION AND TRADING

REFINING OIL INTO
FUELS AND LUBRICANTS

SHIPPING.

PRODUCING
PETROCHEMICALS AND TRADING

LIQUEFYING GAS

BY COOLING (LNG) REGASIFYING (LNG)

CONVERTING GAS TO

UQUID PRODUCTS (GT) BSTRIBONON

UPGRADING
BITUMEN
PRODUCING BIOFUELS

GENERATING POWER

>



--- Page 5 ---

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW CONTINUED

BUSINESSES AND ORGANISATION

Upstream International

Our Upstream International business manages Shell's Upstream
activities outside the Americas. It explores for and recovers crude oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquids, transports oil and gas, and
operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver
oil and gas to market. Upstream International also manages the LNG
and GIL businesses outside the Americas, and markets and trades
natural gas, including LNG, outside the Americas. It manages its
operations primarily by line of business, with this structure overlaying
country organisations. This organisation is supported by activities such
as Exploration and New Business Development:

Upstream Americas

Our Upstream Americas business manages Shell's Upstream activities
in North and South America. It explores for and recovers crude oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquids, transports oil and gas and
operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver
oil and gas to market. Upstream Americas also extracts bitumen from
oil sands that is converted into synthetic crude oil. It manages the LNG
business in the Americas, including assets in Peru and Trinidad and
Tobago acquired in 2014. It also markets and trades natural gas in
the Americas. Additionally, it manages the US-based wind business. It
manages its operations by line of business, supported by activities such
as Exploration and New Business Development:

Downstream

Our Downstream business manages Shell’s refining and marketing
activities for oil products and chemicals. These activities are organised
into globally managed classes of business. Refining includes
manufacturing, supply and shipping of crude oil. Marketing sells a
range of products including fuels, lubricants, bitumen and liquefied
petroleum gas (LPG) for home, transport and industrial use. Chemicals
produces and markets petrochemicals for industrial customers,
including the raw materials for plastics, coatings and detergents.
Downstream also trades Shell's hydrocarbons and other energy-related
products, supplies the Downstream businesses and provides shipping
services. Additionally, Downstream oversees Shell's interests in
alternative energy [including biofuels but excluding wind]

Projects & Technology

Our Projects & Technology organisation manages the delivery of
Shell’s major projects and drives research and innovation to create
technology solutions. It provides technical services and technology
capability covering both Upstream and Downstream activities. It is also
responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas
of safety and environment, contracting and procurement, and for all
wells activities and CO2 management.

SEGMENTAL REPORTING

Our reporting segments are Upstream, Downstream and Corporate
Upstream combines the operating segments Upstream International and
Upstream Americas. Upstream and Downstream earnings include their
respective elements of Projects & Technology and of trading activities.
Corporate comprises Shell's holdings and treasury organisation,

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

including its self-insurance activities as well as its headquarters and
central functions. See Note 2 to the "Consolidated Financial

Statements”

REVENUE BY BUSINESS SEGMENT

(INCLUDING INTER-SEGMENT SALES) $ MILLION
2014 2013 2012
Upstream

Third parties 45,240 47 357 43,431

Inter-segment 47,059 45,512 51,119
Total 92,299 92,869 94,550
Downstream

Third parties 375,752 403,725 423,638

Inter-segment 2,294 702 772
Total 378 046 404,427 424,410
Corporate

Third parties 113 153 84
Total 113 153 84
REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA
(EXCLUDING INTER-SEGMENT SALES) $ MILLION

2014 % 2013 % 2012 %
Europe 154,709 36.7 175,584 38.9 184,223 39.4
Asia, Oceania,

Africa 149,869 35.6 157,673 34.9 156,310 33.5
USA 70,813 168 72,552 16.1 91,571 19.6
Other Americas 45,714 10.9 45,426 10.1 35,049 7.5
Total 421,105 100.0 451,235 100.0 467,153 100.0

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Innovative technology provides ways for Shell to stand apart from its
competitors. It helps our current businesses perform, and it makes future
businesses possible

Since 2007, we have spent more to research and develop innovative
technology than any other international oil and gas company. In
2014, research and development (R&D) expenses were $1,222
million, slightly down from $1,318 million in 2013 and

$1,307 million in 2012

Such levels of investment in R&D enable us to advance technologies
that help us access new resources and better meet the needs of our
customers and partners. This includes: seismic processing and
visualisation software that reveal previously unnoticed geological
details; drilling-rig equipment that delivers wells more quickly and more
safely; oil-recovery methods that increase production from fields;
processes that refine crude oil and liquefy natural gas more efficiently;
as well as fuel and lubricant formulations that perform better

As in 2014, in 2015 we continue to focus strongly on technologies
that support our various businesses and reduce the environmental
footprint of our operations and products.


--- Page 6 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

RISK FACTORS

The risks discussed below could have a material adverse effect
separately, or in combination, on our operational performance,
earnings, cash flows and financial condition. Accordingly, investors
should carefully consider these risks

We are exposed to fluctuating prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil
products and chemicals.

Prices of crude oil, natural gas, oil products and chemicals are affected
by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. Moreover, prices
for oil and gas can move independently from each other. Factors that
influence supply and demand include operational issues, natural disasters,
weather, political instability, conflicts, economic conditions and actions by
major oitproducing countries. Price fluctuations could have a material
effect on our business, including on our cash flows and eamings. For
example, in a low oll and gas price environment, Shell would generate
less revenue from its Upstream production, and as a result some longterm
projects might become less profitable, or even incur losses. Additionally,
low oil and gas prices could result in the debooking of proved oil or gas
reserves, if they become uneconomic in this type of environment.
Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices, o rising costs, could result in
projects being delayed or cancelled and/or in the impairment of some
assets. They may also impact our ability to maintain our longterm
investment programme. In a high oil and gas price environment, we could
experience sharp increases in costs, and under some production-sharing
contracts our entitlement to proved reserves would be reduced. Higher
prices could also reduce demand for our products which might result in
lower profitability, particularly in our Downstream business.

Our ability to deliver competitive returns and pursue commercial
opportunities depends in part on the robustness and, ultimately, the
accuracy of our price assumptions.

Shell reviews the oil and gas price assumptions it uses to evaluate
project decisions and commercial opportunities on a periodic basis
We generally test projects and other opportunities against a long-term
price range of $70-110 per barrel for Brent crude oil and

$3.5-5.0 per million British thermal units for gas at the Henry Hub:
While we believe our current long-term price assumptions are prudent,
if such assumptions proved to be incorrect it could have a material
adverse effect on Shell. For near-term planning purposes, we stress
test the financial framework against a wider range of prices.

Our ability to achieve strategic objectives depends on how we react to
competitive forces.

We face competition in each of our businesses. While we seek to
differentiate our products, many of them are competing in commodity-
type markets. If we do not manage our expenses adequately, our cost
efficiency could deteriorate and our unit costs may increase. This in
turn could erode our competitive position. Increasingly, we compete
with governmentrun oil and gas companies, particularly in seeking
access to oil and gas resources. Today, these governmentrun
companies control vastly greater quantities of oil and gas resources
than the major, publicly held oil and gas companies. Governmentrun
entities have access to significant resources and may be motivated by
political or other factors in their business decisions, which may harm
our competitive position or hinder our access to desirable projects

As our business model involves treasury and trading risks, we are
affected by the global macroeconomic environment as well as financial
and commodity market conditions.

Shell subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are subject to differing
economic and financial market conditions throughout the world
Political or economic instability affects such markets. Shell uses debt
instruments such as bonds and commercial paper to raise significant
amounts of capital. Should our access to debt markets become more
difficult, the potential impact on our liquidity could have an adverse

RISK FACTORS.

effect on our operations. Commodity trading is an important component
of our Upstream and Downstream businesses and is integrated with our
supply business. Treasury and trading risks include, among others,
exposure to movements in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and
commodity prices, counterparty default and various operational risks. As
a global company doing business in more than 70 countries, we are
exposed to changes in currency values and exchange controls. While
we undertake some currency hedging, we do not do so for all of our
activities. See Notes 6 and 19 to the “Consolidated Financial
Statements". Shell has significant financial exposure to the euro and
could be materially affected by a significant change in its value or any
structural changes to the European Union (EU) or the European Economic
and Monetary Union affecting the euro. While we do not have
significant direct exposure to sovereign debt, it is possible that our
partners and customers may have exposure which could impair their
ability to meet their obligations to us. Therefore, a sovereign debt
downgrade or default could have a material adverse effect on Shell

Our future hydrocarbon production depends on the delivery of large and
complex projects, as well as on our ability to replace proved oil and gas
reserves.

We face numerous challenges in developing capital projects,
especially large ones. Challenges include uncertain geology, frontier
conditions, the existence and availability of necessary technology and
engineering resources, availability of skilled labour, project delays,
expiration of licences and potential cost overruns, as well as technical,
fiscal, regulatory, political and other conditions. These challenges are
particularly relevant in certain developing and emerging market
countries, such as Iraq and Kazakhstan, and in frontier areas, such as
the Arctic. Such potential obstacles may impair our delivery of these
projects, as well as our ability to fulfil related contractual commitments.
Future oil and gas production will depend on our access to new
proved reserves through exploration, negotiations with governments
and other owners of proved reserves and acquisitions, as well os
developing and applying new technologies and recovery processes to
existing fields and mines. Failure to replace proved reserves could
result in lower future production, cash flow and earnings

In 2014, we have reduced our tightgas and liquids-rich shale
portfolio. If future well results do not meet our expectations, there could

be additional asset sales and/or impairments.

OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION

AVAILABLE FOR SALE MILLION BOE [A]

2014 2013 2012

Shell subsidiaries 895 850 825
Shell share of joint ventures and

associates 229 318 369

Total 1,124 1,168 1,194

[A] Natural gas volumes are converted fo oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel

PROVED DEVELOPED AND UNDEVELOPED OIL
AND GAS RESERVES [A][B] (AT DECEMBER 31) MILLION BOE [C]

2014 2013 2012
Shell subsidiaries 10,181 10,835 9,873
Shell share of joint ventures and
associates 2,900. 3,109 3,701
Total 13,081 13,944 13,574
Attributable to non-
controlling interest [D] 1 12 18
Attributable to Royal Dutch Shell
ple shareholders 13,070 13,932 13,556

[A] We manage our total proved reserves base without distinguishing between proved reserves
rom subsidiaries and those from joint ventures and associates:

U
fr
[B] Includes proved reserves associated with future production that will be consumed in operations.
[C] Natural gas volumes are converted to oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 sef per barrel
U

D] Proved reserves attributable to non-controlling interest in Shell subsidiaries.


--- Page 7 ---

RISK FACTORS.

RISK FACTORS CONTINUED

An erosion of our business reputation would have a negative impact on
our brand, our ability to secure new resources and our licence to operate.
Shell is one of the world’s leading energy brands, and its brand and
reputation are important assets. The Shell General Business Principles
(Principles) govern how Shell and its individual companies conduct
their affairs, and the Shell Code of Conduct (Code) instructs employees
and contractors on how to behave in line with the Principles. Our
challenge is to ensure that all employees and contractors, more than
100,000 in total, comply with these Principles and Code. Failure -
real or perceived — to follow these Principles, or other real or
perceived failures of governance or regulatory compliance, could harm
our reputation. This could impact our licence to operate, damage our
brand, harm our ability to secure new resources and limit our ability to
access the capital markets. Many other factors may impact our
reputation, including those discussed in several of the other risk factors.

Our future performance depends on the successful development and
deployment of new technologies.

Technology and innovation are essential to Shell to meet the world’s
energy demands in a competitive way. If we do not develop the right
technology, do not have access to it or do not deploy it effectively, the
delivery of our strategy and our licence to operate may be adversely
affected. We operate in environments where the most advanced
technologies are needed. While these technologies are regarded as safe
for the environment with today's knowledge, there is always the possibility
of unknown or unforeseeable environmental impacts that could harm our
reputation, licence to operate or expose us to litigation or sanctions.

Rising climate change concerns could lead to additional regulatory
measures that may result in project delays and higher costs.

In the future, in order to help meet the world’s energy demand, we
expect our production to rise and more of our production to come from
higher energy-intensive sources than at present. Therefore, it is
expected that both the CO, intensity of our production, as well as our
absolute Upstream CO, emissions, will increase as our business
grows. Examples of such developments are our in-situ Peace River
project and our oil sands activities in Canada. Additionally, as
production from Iraq increases, we expect that CO emissions from
flaring will rise as long as no gas gathering systems are in place. We
continue to work with our partners to find ways to capture the gas that
is flared. Over time, we expect that a growing share of our CO,
emissions will be subject to regulation and result in increasing our
costs. Furthermore, continued and increased attention to climate
change, including activities by non-governmental and political
organisations, as well as more interest by the broader public, is likely
to lead to additional regulations designed to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions. If we are unable to find economically viable, as well as
publicly acceptable, solutions that reduce our CO, emissions for new
and existing projects or products, we may experience additional costs,
delayed projects, reduced production and reduced demand for
hydrocarbons.

The nature of our operations exposes the communities in which we work
and us to a wide range of health, safety, security and environment risks.
The health, safety, security and environment (HSSE) risks to which we
are potentially exposed cover a wide spectrum, given the geographic
range, operational diversity and technical complexity of Shell's daily
operations. We have operations, including oil and gas production,
transport and shipping of hydrocarbons, and refining, in difficult
geographies or climate zones, as well as environmentally sensitive
regions, such as the Arctic or maritime environments, especially in
deep water. These and other operations expose the communities in
which we work and us to the risk, among others, of major process
safety incidents, effects of natural disasters, earth tremors, social unrest,
personal health and safety lapses, and crime. If a major HSSE risk

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

materialises, such as an explosion or hydrocarbon spill, this could
result in injuries, loss of life, environmental harm, disruption to business
activities and, depending on their cause and severity, material
damage to our reputation, exclusion from bidding on mineral rights
and eventually loss of licence to operate. In certain circumstances,
liability could be imposed without regard to Shell’s fault in the matter
Requirements governing HSSE matters often change and are likely to
become more stringent over time. The operator could be asked to
adjust its future production plan, as we have seen in the Netherlands,
impacting production and costs. We could incur significant additional
costs in the future complying with such requirements or as a result of
violations of, or liabilities under, HSSE laws and regulations, such as
fines, penalties, clean-up costs and third-party claims.

Shell mainly self-insures its risk exposures.

Shell insurance subsidiaries provide hazard insurance coverage to
Shell entities. While from time to time the insurance subsidiaries may
seek reinsurance for some of their risk exposures, such reinsurance
would not provide any material coverage in the event of an incident
like BP Deepwater Horizon. Similarly, in the event of a material
environmental incident, there would be no material proceeds available
from third-party insurance companies to meet Shell's obligations

A further erosion of the business and operating environment in Nigeria
would adversely impact Shell.

In our Nigerian operations we face various risks and adverse
conditions, some of which deteriorated during 2014. These risks and
conditions include: security issues surrounding the safety of our people,
host communities and operations; sabotage and theft; our ability to
enforce existing contractual rights; litigation; limited infrastructure;
potential legislation that could increase our taxes or costs of
operations; the impact of lower oil and gas prices on the government
budget; and regional instability created by militant activities. The
Nigerian government is contemplating new legislation to govern the
petroleum industry which, if passed into law, would likely have a
significant adverse impact on Shell’s existing and future activities in that
country.

We operate in more than 70 countries that have differing degrees of
political, legal and fiscal stability. This exposes us to a wide range of
political developments that could result in changes to laws and
regulations. In addition, Shell and its joint ventures and associates face
the risk of litigation and disputes worldwide.
Developments in politics, laws and regulations can — and do — affect
our operations. Potential developments include: forced divestment of
assets; expropriation of property; cancellation or forced renegotiation
of contract rights; additional taxes including windfall taxes, restrictions
on deductions and retroactive tax claims; trade controls; local content
requirements; foreign exchange controls; and changing environmental
regulations and disclosure requirements. In our Upstream activities
these developments can and do affect land tenure, rewriting of leases,
entitlement to produced hydrocarbons, production rates, royalties and
pricing. Parts of our Downstream activities are subject to price controls
in some countries. From time to time, cultural and political factors play
a role in unprecedented and unanticipated judicial outcomes that
could adversely affect Shell. If we do not comply with policies and
regulations, this may result in regulatory investigations, litigation and
ultimately sanctions.

Certain governments and regulatory bodies have, in the opinion of
Shell, exceeded their constitutional authority by attempting unilaterally
to amend or cancel existing agreements or arrangements; by failing to
honour existing contractual commitments; and by seeking to adjudicate
disputes between private litigants. Additionally, certain governments
have adopted laws and regulations that could potentially force us to
violate other countries’ laws and regulations, thus potentially subjecting
us to both criminal and civil sanctions.


--- Page 8 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

Our operations expose us to social instability, civil unrest, terrorism,
piracy, acts of war and risks of pandemic diseases that could have an
adverse impact on our business.

As seen in recent years in Nigeria, north Africa and the Middle East,
social and civil unrest, both in the countries in which we operate and
elsewhere, can — and does — affect Shell. Such potential developments
that could impact our business include acts of political or economic
terrorism, acts of piracy on the high seas, conflicts including war, civil
unrest (including disruptions by non-governmental and political
organisations), and local security concerns that threaten the safe
operation of our facilities and transport of our products. The risks of
pandemic diseases, such as Ebola, can impact our operations directly
and indirectly. If such risks materialise, they could result in injuries and
disruption to business activities

We rely heavily on information technology systems for our operations.
The operation of many of our business processes depends on the
availability of information technology (IT) systems. Our IT systems are
increasingly concentrated in terms of geography, number of systems,
and key contractors supporting the delivery of IT services. Shell, like
many other multinational companies, is the target of attempts to gain
unauthorised access through the internet to our IT systems, including
more sophisticated and coordinated attempts often referred to as
advanced persistent threats. Shell seeks to detect and investigate all
such security incidents, aiming to prevent their recurrence. Disruption of
ctitical IT services, or breaches of information security, could have
adverse consequences for Shell

We have substantial pension commitments, whose funding is subject to
capital market risks.

Liabilities associated with defined benefit plans can be significant, as
can the cash funding of such plans; both depend on various
assumptions. Volatility in capital markets, and the resulting
consequences for investment performance and interest rates, may result
in significant changes to the funding level of future liabilities. In case of
a shortfall, Shell might be required to make substantial cash
contributions, depending on the applicable local regulations. See
Note 17 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements”

The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective
judgements based on available information and the application of
complex rules, so subsequent downward adjustments are possible.

The estimation of proved oil and gas reserves involves subjective
judgements and determinations based on available geological,
technical, contractual and economic information. Estimates may change
because of new information from production or drilling activities, or
changes in economic factors, including changes in the price of oil or gas
and changes in the taxation or regulatory policies of host governments or
other events. Estimates may also be altered by acquisitions and
divestments, new discoveries, and extensions of existing fields and
mines, as well as the application of improved recovery techniques
Published proved oil and gas reserves estimates may also be subject to
correction due to errors in the application of published rules and changes
in guidance. Any downward adjustment would indicate lower future
production volumes and may lead to impairment of some assets.

RISK FACTORS.

Many of our major projects and operations are conducted in joint
arrangements or associates. This may reduce our degree of control, as
well as our ability to identify and manage risks.

In cases where we are not the operator we have limited influence over,
and control of, the behaviour, performance and costs of operation of
such joint arrangements or associates. Despite not having control, we
could still be exposed to the risks associated with these operations,
including reputational, litigation (where joint and several liability may
apply) and government sanction risks. For example, our partners or
members of a joint arrangement or an associate (particularly local
partners in developing countries) may not be able to meet their
financial or other obligations to the projects, threatening the viability of
a given project

Violations of antitrust and competition law carry fines and expose us
and/or our employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

Antitrust and competition laws apply to Shell and its joint ventures and
associates in the vast majority of countries in which we do business. Shell
and its joint ventures and associates have been fined for violations of
antitrust and competition law. These include a number of fines in the past
by the European Commission Directorate-General for Competition (DG
COMP). Due to the DG COMP’s fining guidelines, any future conviction
of Shell and its joint ventures or associates for violation of EU competition
law could result in significantly larger fines. Violation of antitrust laws is a
criminal offence in many countries, and individuals can be either
imprisoned or fined. Furthermore, it is now common for persons or
corporations allegedly injured by antitrust violations to sue for damages.

Violations of anti-bribery and corruption law and anti-money laundering
law carry fines and expose us and/or our employees to criminal
sanctions and civil suits.

In 2010, Shell agreed to a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with
the US Department of Justice (DO)) for violations of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (FCPA), which arose in connection with its use of the
freightforwarding firm Panalpina. In November 2013, following
Shell's fulfilment of the terms of the DPA, the criminal charges filed in
connection with the DPA were dismissed. Shell's ethics and
compliance programme was enhanced during the DPA and remains in
full force and effect. Any violations of the FCPA or other relevant anti-
bribery and corruption legislation or anti-money laundering legislation
could have a material adverse effect on the Company.

Violations of data protection laws carry fines and expose us and/or our
employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

Data protection laws apply to Shell and its joint ventures and
associates in the vast majority of countries in which we do business
Over 100 countries have data protection laws and regulations
Additionally, the impending EU Data Privacy Regulation proposes to
increase penalties up to a maximum of 5% of global annual turnover
for breach of the regulation. Non-compliance with data protection
laws could expose Shell to regulatory investigations, which may result
in fines and penalties. Shell could also be subject to litigation from
persons or corporations allegedly affected by data protection
violations. Violation of data protection laws is a criminal offence in
some countries, and individuals can be either imprisoned or fined


--- Page 9 ---

RISK FACTORS.

RISK FACTORS CONTINUED

Violations of trade controls, including sanctions, expose us and our
employees to criminal sanctions and civil suits.

We use “trade controls” as an umbrella term for various national and
international laws designed to regulate the movement of items across
national boundaries and restrict or prohibit trade and other dealings
with certain parties. The number and breadth of trade controls faced
by Shell continues to expand. For example, the EU and the USA
continue to impose restrictions and prohibitions on certain transactions
involving Iran and Syria. Additional trade controls directed at defined
oil and gas activities in Russia were imposed by the EU and the USA in
2014. In addition to the significant trade control programmes
administered by the EU and the USA, many other nations are also
adopting such programmes. Any violation of one or more trade control
regimes may lead to significant penalties or prosecution of Shell or its
employees

We execute acquisitions and divestments in the pursuit of our strategy. A
number of risks impact the success of such acquisitions and divestments.
Acquisitions may not succeed due to reasons such as difficulties in
integrating activities and realising synergies, outcomes varying from
key assumptions, host governments reacting or responding in a
different manner from that envisaged, or liabilities and costs being

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

underestimated. Any of these would reduce our ability to realise the
expected benefits. We may not be able to successfully divest non-core
assets at acceptable prices, resulting in increased pressure on our cash
position. In the case of divestments, we may be held liable for past
acts, failures to act or liabilities that are different from those foreseen
We may also face liabilities if a purchaser fails to honour all of its
commitments

Investors should also consider the following, which might limit
shareholder remedies

The Company's Articles of Association determine the jurisdiction for
shareholder disputes. This might limit shareholder remedies.

Our Articles of Association generally require that all disputes between
our shareholders in such capacity and the Company or our subsidiaries
{or our Directors or former Directors), or between the Company and our
Directors or former Directors, be exclusively resolved by arbitration in
The Hague, the Netherlands, under the Rules of Arbitration of the
International Chamber of Commerce. Our Articles of Association also
provide that, if this provision is for any reason determined to be invalid
or unenforceable, the dispute may only be brought to the courts of
England and Wales. Accordingly, the ability of shareholders to obtain
monetary or other relief, including in respect of securities law claims,
may be determined in accordance with these provisions. See
“Corporate governance”


--- Page 10 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

STRATEGY

Our strategy seeks to reinforce our position as a leader in the oil and
gas industry, while helping to meet global energy demand in a
responsible way. We aim to balance growth with returns, by growing
our cash flow and delivering competitive returns through economic
cycles, to finance a competitive dividend and fund investment for future
growth. Safety and environmental and social responsibility are at the
heart of our activities.

Intense competition exists for access to upstream resources and to new
downstream markets. But we believe that our technology, project
delivery capability and operational excellence will remain key
differentiators for our businesses. We expect over 80% of our capital
investment in 2015 to be in our Upstream businesses.

In Upstream, we focus on exploration for new liquids and natural gas
reserves and on developing major new projects where our technology
and know-how add value to the resources holders.

In Downstream, we focus on turning crude oil into a range of refined
products, which are moved and marketed around the world for
domestic, industrial and transport use. In addition, we produce and
sell petrochemicals for industrial use worldwide

We focus on a series of strategic themes, each requiring distinctive
technologies and risk management

= Our upstream and downstream “engines” are strongly cash-
generative, mature businesses, which will underpin our financial
performance to at least the end of this decade. We only make
investments in selective growth positions and apply Shell's distinctive
technology and operating performance to extend the productive lives
of our assets and to enhance their profitability

Our growth priorities follow two strategic themes: integrated gas
and deep water. These will provide our medium-term growth and we
expect them to become core engines in the future. We utilise Shell's
technological know-how and global scale to unlock highly
competitive resources positions

Our longer-term strategic themes are "resource plays” such as shale
oil and gas as well as “future opportunities”, including the Arctic,
Iraq, Kazakhstan, Nigeria and heavy oil, where we believe large
reserves positions could potentially become available, with the pace
of development driven by market and local operating conditions, as
well as the regulatory environment

Meeting the growing demand for energy worldwide in ways that
minimise environmental and social impact is a major challenge for the
global energy industry. We aim to improve energy efficiency in our
own operations, support customers in managing their energy demands
and continue to research and develop technologies that increase
efficiency and reduce emissions in liquids and natural gas production

STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

Our commitment to technology and innovation continues to be at the
core of our strategy. As energy projects become more complex and
more technically demanding, we believe our engineering expertise will
be a deciding factor in the growth of our businesses. Our key strengths
include the development and application of technology, the financial
and projectmanagement skills that allow us to deliver large field
development projects, and the management of integrated value chains

We aim to leverage our diverse and global business portfolio and
customer-focused businesses built around the strength of the Shell
brand

OUTLOOK

We continuously seek to improve our operating performance, with an
emphasis on health, safety and environment, asset performance and
operating costs. For 2015, we will continue to focus on the three key
priorities set out in 2014: improving our financial performance,
enhancing our capital efficiency and continuing our focus on project
delivery

In 2015, we expect organic capital investment to be lower than 2014
levels of around $35 billion. We are considering further reductions to
capital investment should the evolving market outlook warrant that step,
but are aiming to retain growth potential for the medium term. Asset
sales are a key element of our strategy, improving our capital
efficiency by focusing our investment on the most attractive growth
opportunities. Proceeds from sales of non-strategic assets in 2014, and
from the initial public offering in Shell Midstream Partners, L.P., totalled
$15 billion, successfully completing our divestment programme for
2014-2015. The completed divestment programme will result in
various production and tax effects in 2015. We also expect higher
levels of downtime in 2015, especially in Upstream and Chemicals,
driven by increased maintenance activities. We will continue the
initiatives started in 2014, which are expected to improve our North
America resource plays and Oil Products businesses. We have new
initiatives underway in 2015 that are expected to improve our
upstream engine and resource plays outside the Americas. The focus of
these initiatives will be on the profitability of our portfolio and growth
potential

Shell has built up a substantial portfolio of project options for future
growth. This portfolio has been designed to capture energy price
upside and manage Shell’s exposure to industry challenges from cost
inflation and political risk. Today's lower oil prices are creating
opportunities to reduce our own costs and to take costs out of the
supply chain

The statements in this "Strategy and outlook” section, including those
related to our growth strategies and our expected or potential future
cash flow from operations, capital investment, divestment proceeds
and production, are based on management's current expectations and
certain material assumptions and, accordingly, involve risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to
differ materially from those expressed or implied herein. See “About
this Report” and “Risk factors"


--- Page 11 ---

MARKET OVERVIEW

MARKET OVERVIEW

GLOBAL ECONOMIC GROWTH

According to the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) January 2015
World Economic Outlook, global economic growth was 3.3% in
2014, unchanged from 2013. The IMF estimated that the eurozone’s
gross domestic product (GDP} grew by 0.8% in 2014 compared with
a contraction of 0.5% in 2013, US growth was 2.4%, up from 2.2%
in 2013, while Chinese growth slowed from 7.8% in 2013 to 7.4%.
The average GDP growth rate for emerging markets and developing
economies fell to 4.4%, compared with 4.7% in 2013

Growth in 2014 fell short of the IMF's forecast of 3.7% made at the
beginning of 2014. Harsh winter weather in the first quarter weighed
on US growth for the year, Japan’s growth was hampered by a
substantial increase in value added tax in the second quarter, while the
eurozone’s return to growth has been slow. Meanwhile, growth has
slowed in important markets such as China, Russia and Brazil

The IMF expects global economic growth to rise to 3.5% in 2015, but
that would still be less than the annual average of 3.9% for the
previous 10 years.

GLOBAL OIL AND GAS DEMAND AND SUPPLY
Reflecting the economic conditions described above, global oil demand
rose by 0.7% (0.6 million barrels per day (b/d)) in 2014, according to
the International Energy Agency's (IEA) January 2015 Oil Market Report.
The IEA repeatedly revised down its oil demand growth estimate for the
year from 1.4 million b/d in early 2014. Demand grew in emerging
economies, while remaining almost flat in advanced economies.

On the non-OPEC supply side, the US Energy Information Administration
reported another year of continued supply growth in the Lower 48 US
states: in 2014 supply grew by some 1 million b/d year-on-year. As a
consequence of somewhat reduced demand growth and strong non-
OPEC supply growth, oil prices fell from about $110 per barrel (/b} in
mid-2014 to $75/b just ahead of the November OPEC meeting at
which the members decided to maintain their production at 30 million
b/d, rather than to reduce their production to balance non-OPEC supply
growth. The market interpreted this decision as an increased risk of
oversupply and oil prices further declined to lows of around $54/b in
December.

We estimate that global gas demand grew by about 1% in 2014,
similar to growth in 2013, which is much lower than the average annual
growth rate of about 2.5% in the past decade. A combination of
unusually mild weather, except in the USA, a decline in natural gas
production and weak global economic growth led to a lower rate of
demand growth in most regions. We believe that most of the growth in
demand was in China and the USA, driven by their power generation
and industrial sectors. European gas demand has weakened over the
last few years and this trend is likely to have continued in 2014,
according to gas industry association Eurogas.

CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICES

The following table provides an overview of the main crude oil and
natural gas price markers that Shell is exposed to.

OIL AND GAS AVERAGE INDUSTRY PRICES [A]

2014-2013, 2012
Brent ($/b) 99 109 112
West Texas Intermediate ($/b) 93 98 94
Henry Hub ($/MMBtu) 43 37 2.8

UK National Balancing Point (pence/therm) 50 68 60
Japan Customs-cleared Crude ($/b) 108 110 115

[A] Yearly average prices are based on daily spot prices. The 2014 average price for Japan
Customs-cleared Crude excludes December data

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

The Brent crude oil price, an international crude-oil benchmark, traded
in a range of $54-115/b in 2014, ending the year at $55/b. Both
the Brent and the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) average crude oil
prices for 2014 were lower than in 2013, as a result of demand
growth being outpaced by continued non-OPEC supply growth, in
particular in North America

WTI continued to trade at a discount to Brent, and followed the Brent
price trajectory. The discount narrowed compared with 2013 after an
expansion in pipeline capacity helped improve access for refineries on
the US Gulf Coast to WTI that is delivered to the landlocked Cushing,
Oklahoma, trading hub

Looking ahead, substantial price volatility can be expected in the short
to medium term. Oil prices may strengthen if the global economy
accelerates, or if supply tightens as a result of a deceleration in non-
OPEC production growth due to current price weakness, in particular
US light tight oil, or if supply disruptions occur in major producing
countries. Alternatively, oil prices may weaken further if economic
growth slows or production continues to rise

Unlike crude oil pricing, which is global in nature, gas prices vary
significantly from region to region. In the USA, the natural gas price at
the Henry Hub averaged $4.3 per million British thermal units (MMBtu)
in 2014, 16% higher than in 2013, and traded in a range of
$2.7-7.9/MMBtu. The year began with one of the coldest winters on
record and Henry Hub average monthly gas prices peaked in February
at $5.8/MMBtu. But robust growth in gas production and normal
weather in the summer led to a steep decline in prices from a high of
$4.7/MMBltu in mid-June to $3.8/MMBItu by the end of July. An early
cold snap caused a price spike to $4.4/MMBtu in mid-November,
but it had fallen to $3.0/MMbtu by the end of the year.

In Europe, gas prices fell. In the UK, the average price at the UK
National Balancing Point was 21% lower than in 2013. In continental
Europe, price decreases at the main gas trading hubs in Belgium,
Germany and the Netherlands were similar to those at the UK National
Balancing Point. Lower prices reflected milder than expected weather
and improved supplies of LNG on the global market. The dominance
of oitindexed gas pricing is decreasing in continental Europe, with
many natural gas contracts now including spot market pricing as a
major component.

We also produce and sell natural gas in regions where supply,
demand and regulatory circumstances differ markedly from those in the
USA or Europe. Long-term contracted LNG prices in Asia-Pacific are
predominantly indexed to the price of Japan Customs-cleared Crude
(JCC). In Japan, LNG import contracts have historically been indexed
to the JCC benchmark.

We see growing demand for LNG in China, India, the Middle East,
South America and South-east Asia. In these markets, LNG supply is
offered on term and spot bases. North American export projects have
been offering future gas supply linked to US Henry Hub prices

CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICES FOR
INVESTMENT EVALUATION

The range of possible future crude oil and natural gas prices used in
project and portfolio evaluations by Shell is determined after an
assessment of short, medium- and long-term price drivers under
different sets of assumptions. Historical analysis, trends and statistical
volatility are considered in this assessment, as are analyses of possible
future economic conditions, geopolitics, actions by OPEC, production
costs and the balance of supply and demand. Sensitivity analyses are
used to test the impact of low-price drivers, such as economic
weakness, and high-price drivers, such as strong economic growth and
low investment in new production capacity. Shortterm events, such as


--- Page 12 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

relatively warm winters or cool summers affect demand. Supply
disruptions, due to weather or political instability, contribute to price
volatility

We expect oil and gas prices to remain volatile. For the purposes of
making investment decisions, generally we test the economic
performance of long-term projects against price ranges of $70-110/b
for Brent crude oil and $3.5-5.0/MMBtu for gas at the Henry Hub. As
part of our normal business practice, the range of prices used for this
purpose is subject to review and change, and was last confirmed in
the fourth quarter of 2014. See “Risk factors”

REFINING AND PETROCHEMICAL MARKET TRENDS
Industry refining margins were higher on average in 2014 than in

2013 in the key refining hubs of the USA and Singapore, and were
litle changed in Europe. In particular, margins improved in the USA
where increased domestic crude oil and natural gas production
lowered oil acquisition costs (relative to international prices). Some
demand growth, especially around the summer driving season in the
USA, also contributed to higher US Gulf Coast margins. In 2015,
increased demand for middle distillates is expected to be a key driver
of refining margins, supported by demand for gasoline in the middle of
the year. However, the overall outlook remains unclear because of
continuing economic uncertainty, geopolitical tensions in some regions
that could lead to supply disruptions and overcapacity in the global
refining market

In Chemicals, industry naphtha cracker margins increased from 2013,
particularly in Asia where there was less cracker capacity available.
US ethane cracker margins were high relative to naphtha cracker
margins in other regions due to ample ethane supply. The outlook for
petrochemicals for 2015 is dependent on the growth of the global
economy, especially in Asia, and developments in raw material prices.

MARKET OVERVIEW


--- Page 13 ---

SUMMARY OF RESULTS

SUMMARY OF RESULTS

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

INCOME FOR TH RIO $ MILLION
2014 2013 2012
Earnings by segment [A]
Upstream 15,841 12,638 22,244
Downstream 3,411 3,869 5,382
Corporate (156) 372 (203)
Total segment earnings [A] 19,096 16,879 27,423
Attributable to non-controlling interest (55) (134) (259)
Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple
shareholders. 19,041 16,745 27,164
Current cost of supplies adjustment [A] (4,366) (353) (463)
Non-controlling interest 199 (21) 11
Income attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders 14,874 16,371 26,712
Non-controlling interest (144) 155 248
Income for the period 14,730 16,526 26,960

[A] See Note 2 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements’. Segment earnings are presented on a current cost of supplies basis.

EARNINGS 2014-2012

Global realised liquids prices were 8% lower in 2014 than in 2013

Global realised natural gas prices were 6% lower than in 2013, with
a 20% increase in the Americas and an 11% decrease outside the

Americas.

Oil and gas production available for sale in 2014 was 3,080 thousand
barrels of oil equivalent per day [boe/d), compared with 3,199
thousand boe/d in 2013. Liquids production was down 4% and natural
gas production decreased by 4% compared with 2013. Excluding the
impact of divestments, the Abu Dhabi licence expiry, productionsharing
contract price effects and security impacts in Nigeria, production volumes
in 2014 increased by 2% compared with 2013

Realised refining margins in 2014 were significantly higher overall and
higher in all regions apart from the US West Coast compared with 2013
The increase was driven by operational improvements and a stronger
margin environment in most regions.

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis (CCS earnings) attributable
to shareholders in 2014 were 14% higher than in 2013, which in turn
were 38% lower than in 2012. Segment earnings are presented on
this basis

CCS earnings exclude the effect of changes in the oil price on inventory
valuation, as the purchase price of the volumes sold during a period is
based on the current cost of supplies during the same period, after making
allowance for the tax effect. Accordingly, when oil prices increase during
the period, CCS earnings are likely to be lower than earnings calculated
on a firstin firstout (FIFO) basis. Similarly, in a period with declining oil
prices, CCS earnings are likely to be higher than earnings calculated on
a FIFO basis. This explains why 2014 CCS earnings were $4,366
million higher than earnings calculated on a FIFO basis (2013: $353
million higher; 2012: $463 million higher)

Upstream earnings in 2014 were $15,841 million, compared with
$12,638 million in 2013 and $22,244 million in 2012. The 25%
increase from 2013 to 2014 was mainly driven by increased
contributions from liquids production volumes from both the startup of
new high-margin deep-water projects and improved operational
performance, higher divestment gains, lower exploration expenses,
primarily driven by fewer well write-offs, increased contributions from
Trading and lower impairment charges. These effects were partially
offset by the impact of declining oil prices and higher depreciation
{excluding impairments). The 43% decrease from 2012 to 2013

reflected higher depreciation charges (partly driven by impairments),
lower divestment gains, higher exploration expenses (mainly driven by
well write-offs), higher operating expenses and lower liquids and LNG
realisations. Earnings in 2013 were also impacted by a deterioration
in the operating environment in Nigeria and the impact of the
weakening Australian dollar on a deferred tax liability. These effects
were partly offset by the contribution of our Pearl GTL plant in Qatar
and higher gas price realisations in the Americas, together with net tax
gains in 2013 compared with net tax charges and higher
decommissioning provisions in 2012

Downstream earnings in 2014 were $3,411 million compared with
$3,869 million in 2013 and $5,382 million in 2012. The 12%
decrease from 2013 to 2014 reflected significantly higher charges for
impairment which were partially offset by higher realised refining
margins, higher earnings from Trading and Supply and lower costs
(mainly as a result of divestments). The 28% decrease from 2012 to
2013 reflected significantly lower realised refining margins and higher
charges for impairment, partly offset by higher contributions from
Chemicals and Trading

Corporate earnings in 2014 were a loss of $156 million, compared
with a gain of $372 million in 2013 and a loss of $203 million in
2012. Compared with 2013, Corporate earnings in 2014 reflected
lower tax credits, higher net interest expense and adverse currency
exchange rate effects. Compared with 2012, earnings in 2013 were
higher mainly due to a tax credit, the recharge to the business
segments of certain costs and lower net interest expense, partly offset
by adverse currency exchange rate effects

NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT AND GEARING

Net capital investment was $23.9 billion, 46% lower than in 2013
This was driven by higher proceeds from divestments and lower capital
investment (see “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations")

Gearing was 12.2% at the end of 2014, compared with 16.1% at the
end of 2013, as a result of a significant increase in cash and cash
equivalents (driven by the lower net capital investment), combined with
a 2% increase in total debt and a 5% decrease in equity.

PROVED RESERVES AND PRODUCTION

Shell subsidiaries’ and the Shell share of joint ventures and associates’
estimated net proved oil and gas reserves are summarised in
"Upstream" and set out in more detail in “Supplementary information —
oil and gas (unaudited)"


--- Page 14 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

In 2014, Shell added 301 million boe of proved reserves before
taking production into account, of which 271 million boe were from
Shell subsidiaries and 30 million boe were from the Shell share of joint
ventures and associates. These additions were positively impacted by
lower commodity prices (44 million boe) and negatively impacted by
sales that exceeded purchases (274 million boe}

In 2014, total oil and gas production available for sale was

1,124 million boe. An additional 40 million boe was produced and
consumed in operations. Production available for sale from subsidiaries
was 895 million boe with an additional 30 million boe consumed in
operations. The Shell share of the production available for sale of joint
ventures and associates was 229 million boe with an additional

10 million boe consumed in operations

Accordingly, after taking production into account, there was a
decrease of 863 million boe in proved reserves, comprising a
decrease of 654 million boe from subsidiaries and a decrease of
209 million boe from the Shell share of joint ventures and associates.

KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
Refer to Note 3 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” for a
discussion of key accounting estimates and judgements.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Refer to Note 25 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements” for a
discussion of legal proceedings.

SUMMARY OF RESULTS


--- Page 15 ---

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

Total shareholder return
2014 -3.0% 2013 8.6%

Equity sales of liquefied natural gas (million tonnes)
2014 24.0 2013 19.6

Total shareholder return (TSR) is the difference between the share price
at the start of the year and the share price at the end of the year, plus
gross dividends delivered during the calendar year (reinvested
quarterly), expressed as a percentage of the yearstart share price. The
TSRs of major publicly traded oil and gas companies can be directly
compared, providing a way to determine how Shell is performing
against its industry peers

Net cash from operating activities ($ billion)
2014 45 2013 40

Net cash from operating activities is the total of all cash receipts and
payments associated with our sales of oil, gas, chemicals and other

products. The components that provide a reconciliation from income for

the period are listed in the “Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows"
This indicator reflects Shell's ability to generate cash for both
investment and distribution to shareholders.

Project delivery
2014 83% 2013 88%

Project delivery reflects Shell's capability to complete major projects on
time and within budget on the basis of targets set in the annual
Business Plan. The set of projects consists of at least 20 Shell-operated
capital projects that are in the execution phase (post final investment
decision)

Production available for sale (thousand boe/d)
2014 3,080 2013 3,199

Production is the sum of all average daily volumes of unrefined oil and
natural gas produced for sale by Shell subsidiaries and Shell's share of
those produced for sale by joint ventures and associates. The unrefined
oil comprises crude oil, natural gas liquids, synthetic crude oil and
bitumen. The gas volume is converted to equivalent barrels of oil to
make the summation possible. Changes in production have a
significant impact on Shell's cash flow

Equity sales of liquefied natural gas (LNG) is a measure of the
operational performance of Shell's Upstream business and LNG market
demand

Refinery and chemical plant availability
2014 92.1% 2013 92.5%

Refinery and chemical plant availability is the weighted average of the
actual uptime of plants as a percentage of their maximum possible
uptime. The weighting is based on the capital employed adjusted for
cash and non-current liabilities. It excludes downtime due to
uncontrollable factors, such as hurricanes. This indicator is a measure
of the operational excellence of Shell's Downstream manufacturing
facilities

Total recordable case frequency

(injuries per million working hours)

2014 0.99 2013 (1.15

Total recordable case frequency (TRCF] is the number of staff or
contractor injuries requiring medical treatment or time off for every
million hours worked. It is a standard measure of occupational safety



--- Page 16 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

ADDITIONAL PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis attributable to
Royal Dutch Shell plc shareholders ($ million)
2014 19,041 2013 16,745

Earnings per share on a current cost of supplies basis ($)
2014 3.02 2013 2.66

Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis (CCS earnings) attributable
to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders is the income for the period,
adjusted for the after-tax effect of oil-price changes on inventory and
non-controlling interest. CCS earnings per share is calculated by
dividing CCS earnings attributable fo shareholders by the average
number of shares outstanding. See “Summary of results” and Note 2 to
the “Consolidated Financial Statements”

Net capital investment ($ million)
2014 23,899 2013 44,303

Net capital investment is a measure used to make decisions about
allocating resources and assessing performance. It is defined as net
cash used in investing activities as reported in the “Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows” plus exploration expense, excluding
exploration wells written off, new finance leases and other adjustments
See “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations"

Proved oil and gas reserves attributable to Royal Dutch Shell
ple shareholders (million boe)
2014 13,070 2013 13,932

Proved oil and gas reserves attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple
shareholders are the total estimated quantities of oil and gas from Shell
subsidiaries (excluding reserves attributable to non-controlling interest)
and Shell's share from joint ventures and associates that geoscience
and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable certainty, to be
recoverable in future years from known reservoirs, as at December 31,
under existing economic conditions, operating methods and
government regulations. Gas volumes are converted to barrels of oil
equivalent (boe] using a factor of 5,800 standard cubic feet per
barrel. Reserves are crucial to an oil and gas company, since they
constitute the source of future production. Reserves estimates are
subject to change based on a wide variety of factors, some of which
are unpredictable. See "Risk factors”

Operational spills of more than 100 kilograms
2014 153 2013 174

The operational spills indicator is the number of incidents in respect of
activities where we are the operator in which 100 kilograms or more
of oil or oil products were spilled as a result of those activities

Return on average capital employed
2014 7.1% 2013 7.9%

Employees (thousand)
2014 94 2013 92

Return on average capital employed (ROACE) is defined as annual
income, adjusted for after-tax interest expense, as a percentage of
average capital employed during the year. Capital employed is the
sum of total equity and total debt. ROACE measures the efficiency of
Shell's utilisation of the capital that it employs and is a common
measure of business performance. See “Liquidity and capital
resources — Return on average capital employed"

Gearing
2014 12.2% 2013 16.1%

Gearing is defined as net debt (total debt less cash and cash
equivalents) as a percentage of total capital (net debt plus total equity),
at December 31. It is a measure of the degree to which Shell's
operations are financed by debt. See Note 14 to the “Consolidated
Financial Statements”

The employees indicator consists of the annual average full-time
employee equivalent of the total number of people on fulltime or part
time employment contracts with Shell subsidiaries including our share
of employees of certain additional joint operations


--- Page 17 ---

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The selected financial data set out below are derived, in part, from the “Consolidated Financial Statements”. This data should be read in
conjunction with the “Consolidated Financial Statements” and related Notes, as well as with this Strategic Report.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME DATA $ MILLION
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Revenue 421,105 451,235 467,153 470,171 368,056
Income for the period 14,730 16,526 26,960 31,093 20,474
(Loss)/income attributable to non-controlling interest (144) 155 248 267 347
Income attributable to Royal Dutch Shell plc
shareholders 14,874 16,371 26,712 30,826 20,127
Comprehensive income attributable to Royal Dutch
Shell plc shareholders 2,692 18,243 24,470 26,250 19,893
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Total assets 353,116 357,512 350,294 337,474 317,271
Total debt 45,540 44,562 37,754 87,175 44,332
Share capital 540 542 542 536 529
Equity attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple
shareholders 171,966 180,047 174,749 158,480 140,453
Non-controlling interest 820 1,101 1,433 1,486 1,767

EARNINGS PER SHARE

2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Basic earnings per €0.07 ordinary share 2.36 2.60 4.27 497 3.28
Diluted earnings per €0.07 ordinary share 2.36 2.60 4.26 4.96 3.28

SHARES NUMBER

2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Basic weighted average number of A and B shares 6,311,490,678 6,291,126,326 6,261,184,755 6,212,532,421 6,132,640,190
Diluted weighted average number of AandB shares 6,311,605,118 6,293,381,407 6,267,839,545 6,221,655,088 6,139,300,098

2014 2013 2012 2011 2010

Net cash from operating activities 45,044 40,440 46,140 36,771 27,350
Net cash used in investing activities 19,657 40,146 28,453 20,443 21,972
Dividends paid 9,560 7,450 7,082 7,315 9,979
Net cash used in financing activities 12,790 8,978 10,630 18,131 1,467
Increase/ (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 11,911 (8,854) 7,258 (2,152) 3,725
Earnings/(losses) by segment [A]

Upstream 15,841 12,638 22,244 24,466 15,935

Downstream 3,411 3,869 5,382 4,170 2,950

Corporate (156) 372 (203) 102 91
Total segment earnings 19,096 16,879 27,423 28,738 18,976
Attributable to non-controlling interest (55) (134) (259) (205) (333)
Earnings on a current cost of supplies basis

attributable to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders [B] 19,041 16,745 27,164 28,533 18,643
Net capital investment [C]

Upstream 20,704 39,217 25,320 19,083 21,222

Downstream 3,079 4,885 4,275 4,342 2,358

Corporate 116 201 208 78 100
Total 23,899 44,303 29,803 23,503 23,680

[A] See Notes 2 and 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"
[B] See table in “Summary of resulis
[C] See “Non-GAAP measures reconciliations


--- Page 18 ---

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014 UPSTREAM,
UPSTREAM
KEY STATISTICS $ MILLION
2014 2013 2012
Segment earnings 15,841 12,638 22,244
Including:
Revenue (including inter-segment sales) 92,299 92,869 94,550
Share of profit of joint ventures and associates 5,502 6,120 8,001
Production and manufacturing expenses 20,093 18,471 16,354
Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 1,055 1,194 1,211
Exploration 4,224 5,278 3,104
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 17,868 16,949 1,387
Net capital investment [A] 20,704 39,217 25,320
Oil and gas production available for sale (thousand boe/d) 3,080 3,199 3,262
Equity LNG sales volume (million tonnes) 24.0 19.6 20.2
Proved oil and gas reserves at December 31 (million boe) [B] 13,070 13,932 13,556

[A] See "Non-GAAP measures reconciliations"
[B] Excludes reserves attributable to non-controlling interest in Shell subsidiories

OVERVIEW

Our Upstream businesses explore for and extract crude oil and natural
gas, often in joint arrangements with international and national oil and
gas companies. This includes the extraction of bitumen from mined oil
sands which we convert into synthetic crude oil. We liquefy natural
gas by cooling it and transport the liquefied natural gas (LNG) to
customers around the world. We also convert natural gas to liquids
(GTL) to provide high-quality fuels and other products, and we market
and trade crude oil and natural gas (including LNG} in support of our
Upstream businesses.

BUSINESS CONDITIONS

Global oil demand rose by 0.7% (0.6 million barrels per day (b/d}) in
2014, according to the International Energy Agency's January 2015
Oil Market Report. Demand grew in emerging economies while
remaining almost flat in advanced economies. The Brent crude oil
price, an international crude-oil benchmark, traded in a range of
$54-115 per barrel (/b] in 2014, ending the year at $55/b

We estimate that global gas demand grew by about 1% in 2014,
similar to growth in 2013, which is much lower than the average
annual growth rate of about 2.5% in the past decade. A combination
of unusually mild weather, except in the USA, a decline in natural gas
production and weak global economic growth led to a lower rate of
demand growth in most regions. We believe that most of the growth in
demand was in China and the USA, driven by their power generation
and industrial sectors. European gas demand has weakened over the
last few years and this trend is likely to have continued in 2014,
according to gas industry association Eurogas

EARNINGS 2014-2013

Segment earnings of $15,841 million included a net charge of
$664 million, reflecting impairment charges of $2,406 million,
predominantly related to tightgas shale properties in the USA, and
further charges of $718 million related to an update of an Australian
deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability related to an associate
company. These charges were partly offset by divestment gains of
$2,073 million mainly related to Wheatstone and to a portion of our
shareholding in Woodside Petroleum Limited (Woodside) in Australia,
Oil Mining Lease (OMI) 24 in Nigeria and Haynesville in the USA
Other favourable impacts mainly related to the net effect of fair value
accounting of commodity derivatives and certain gas contracts, and to
amendments to our Dutch pension plan

Segment earnings in 2013 of $12,638 million included a net charge
of $2,479 million, primarily related to the impairment of liquids-rich
shale properties in North America, partly offset by net tax gains and
gains on divestments.

Excluding the net charges described above, segment earnings in
2014 increased by 9% compared with 2013, driven by increased
contributions from liquids production volumes from both the startup of
new high-margin deep-water projects and improved operational
performance. Earnings also reflected lower exploration expenses,
primarily driven by fewer well write-offs, and increased contributions
from Trading. Earnings were impacted by declining oil prices, losses in
Upstream Americas tightgas and liquids-rich shale, and higher
depreciation

Global realised liquids prices were 8% lower than in 2013. Global
realised gas prices were 6% lower than in 2013, with a 20% increase
in the Americas and an 11% decrease outside the Americas.

Equity ING sales volumes of 24.0 million tonnes were 22% higher
than in 2013, mainly reflecting the contribution from the Atlantic LNG
and Peru UNG assets following the acquisition from Repsol S.A. in
January 2014, and higher volumes from Nigeria LNG which in 2013
was impacted by reduced feed gas supply and the impact of a
blockade of shipments

EARNINGS 2013-2012

Segment earnings in 2013 of $12,638 million included a net charge
of $2,479 million, as described above. Segment earings in 2012 of
$22,244 million included a net gain of $2,137 million, mainly
related to gains on divestments, partly offset by impairments for
onshore gas assets in the USA, net tax charges and decommissioning
provisions

Excluding the net charge and net gain described above, segment
earnings in 2013 decreased by 25% compared with 2012 because
of higher exploration expenses (mainly driven by well write-offs),
operating expenses and depreciation, and lower liquids and ING
realisations. Earnings were also impacted by a deterioration in the
operating environment in Nigeria and the impact of the weakening
Australian dollar on a deferred tax liability. This was partly offset by an
increased contribution from our Pearl GTL plant (Pearl) in Qatar and
higher gas prices in the Americas


--- Page 19 ---

UPSTREAM

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT

Net capital investment was $21 billion in 2014, compared with

$39 billion in 2013. Capital investment in 2014 was $31 billion (of
which $8 billion was exploration expenditure, including acquisitions of
unproved properties). Capital investment in 2013 was $40 billion
Divestment proceeds were $11 billion in 2014 compared with $1
billion in 2013

Net capital investment was lower than in 2013 mainly due to higher
divestment proceeds and lower expenditure on acquisitions. Major
divestment proceeds in 2014 relate to a portion of our shareholding in
Woodside and to Wheatstone in Australia, Parque das Conchas
(BC-10) in Brazil and Haynesville and Pinedale in the USA. In 2014,
acquisition expenditure was lower than in 2013 which included the
acquisition of interests in Libra and BC-10 in Brazil and expenditure for
the acquisition of LNG businesses from Repsol S.A.

PORTFOLIO ACTIONS AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

We achieved the following operational milestones in 2014

In Malaysia, first oil was produced from the Shell-operated Gumusut-
Kakap deep-water development (Shell interest 29%]. Peak production
of around 135 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (boe/d) is
expected. Work on the gas injection facilities is continuing

Also in Malaysia, the Siakap North-Petai development (Shell interest
21%) commenced production and is expected to deliver peak
production of around 30 thousand boe/d

In Nigeria, first oil was produced from the Shell-operated Bonga North
West deep-water development (Shell interest 55%) which is expected
to deliver peak production of around 40 thousand boe/d. Oil from the
subsea facilities is transported by a new undersea pipeline to the
existing Bonga floating production, storage and offloading (FPSO)
export facility, which has been upgraded to handle the additional oil
flow

In the USA, there were two major startups in the deep-water Gulf of
Mexico with first oil produced from the Mars B (Shell interest 71.5%)
and Cardamom (Shell interest 100%) developments. Production from
these developments is planned to ramp up to 80 thousand boe/d and
50 thousand boe/d respectively

The acquisition of part of Repsol S.A.’s LNG portfolio was completed
in January 2014, including LNG supply positions in Peru and Trinidad
and Tobago, for a net cash purchase price of $3.8 billion, adding
7.2 million tonnes per annum (mtpa} of directly managed LNG volumes
through long-term off-take agreements, including 4.2 mtpa of equity
LNG plant capacity.

We also took several final investment decisions during 2014,
including the following

In Brunei, the final investment decision was taken on the Maharaja Lela
South development (Shell interest 35%). The development is expected
to deliver peak production of 35 thousand boe/d

In Nigeria, we took the final investment decision on the Bonga Main
Phase 3 project (Shell interest 55%). The development is expected to
deliver some 40 thousand boe/d at peak production through the
existing Bonga FPSO.

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

In the USA, we took the final investment decision on the Coulomb
Phase 2 project (Shell interest 100%) in the Gulf of Mexico. The
development is a subsea tie-back into the Na Kika semi-submersible
storage platform and is expected to deliver some 20 thousand boe/d
at peak production

We continued to divest selected Upstream assets during 2014,
including the following

In Australia, we sold 78.27 million shares in Woodside for
$3.0 billion, reducing Shell's interest from 23% to 14%.

Also in Australia, we sold our 8% interest in the Wheatstone-lago joint
venture and our 6.4% interest in the Wheatstone LNG project, which is
under development, for $1.5 billion

In Brazil, we sold a 23% interest in the Shelloperated deep-water
project BC-10 to Qatar Petroleum International for $1.2 billion,
including closing adjustment.

Also in Brazil, we sold our non-operated 20% interest in the BM-ES-23
concession in the Espirito Santos basin offshore for $0.2 billion

In Canada, we sold our 100% interest in the Orion steam assisted
gravity drainage project for $0.3 billion

In Nigeria, we sold our 30% interest in OML 24 and related onshore
facilities for $0.6 billion

In Upstream Americas tightgas and liquids-rich shale, we completed a
review of our portfolio and strategy. Major divestments of non-core
positions are now complete and in 2014 included our interests in

a the Haynesville tightgas shale asset in Louisiana, USA, for $1.1
billion including closing adjustments;

a the Pinedale tightgas shale asset in Wyoming, USA, for $0.9 billion
including closing adjustments and 155 thousand net acres in the
Marcellus and Utica shale areas in Pennsylvania, USA. We now
hold a 100% interest in the Tioga Area of Mutual Interest;

= approximately 106,000 net acres of the Eagle Ford liquids-rich

shale asset in Texas, USA, for $0.5 billion including closing

adjustments;

the Mississippi Lime acreage in Kansas, USA, for $0.1

additional assets for a total of $0.5 billion

AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE PRODUCTION

In 2014, production was 3,080 thousand boe/d compared with
3,199 thousand boe/d in 2013. Liquids and natural gas production
both decreased by 4% compared with 2013

billion; and

Production was reduced by 10% as a result of the ADCO licence
expiry in Abu Dhabi in January 2014, field declines and the
divestment of a number of assets (mainly shale assets in the Americas
and the reduction in our shareholding in Woodside)

This reduction was partly offset by new field startups and the
continuing ramp-up of existing projects, in particular Majnoon in Iraq
and Mars B and BC-10 Phase 2 in the Americas, which contributed
some 130 thousand boe/d to production in 2014. Improved
operational performance in 2014 provided further offset.


--- Page 20 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

PROVED RESERVES

Shell subsidiaries’ and the Shell share of joint ventures and associates’
estimated net proved oil and gas reserves are summarised later in this
Upstream section and set out in more detail in “Supplementary
information — oil and gas (unaudited)"

In 2014, Shell added 301 million boe of proved reserves before
taking production into account, of which 271 million boe came from
Shell subsidiaries and 30 million boe from the Shell share of joint
ventures and associates

The change in the yearly average commodity prices between 2013
and 2014 resulted in a net positive impact on the proved reserves of
44 million boe.

In 2014, after taking into account production, our total proved
reserves declined by 863 million boe.

Shell subsidiaries

Before taking production into account, Shell subsidiaries added

271 million boe of proved reserves in 2014. This comprised

A2 million barrels of oil and natural gas liquids and 229 million boe
(1,329 thousand million scf] of natural gas. Of the 271 million boe
276 million boe were from the net effects of revisions and
reclassifications; 9 million boe were from improved recovery;

191 million boe came from extensions and discoveries; and a net
decrease of 205 million boe related to purchases and sales

After taking into account production of 925 million boe (of which
30 million boe were consumed in operations), Shell subsidiaries’
proved reserves decreased by 654 million boe in 2014

Shell subsidiaries’ proved developed reserves decreased by 12 million
boe to 6,777 million boe, while proved undeveloped reserves
decreased by 642 million boe to 3,404 million boe

The total addition of 271 million boe before taking production into
account included a net positive impact from commodity price changes
of 43 million boe of proved reserves

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL

Of the 301 million boe added to proved reserves, 81 million barrels
were synthetic crude oil. In 2014, we had synthetic crude oil
production of 49 million barrels of which 2 million barrels were
consumed in operations. At December 31, 2014, we had synthetic
crude oil proved reserves of 1,763 million barrels, of which 1,273
million barrels were proved developed reserves and 490 million
barrels were proved undeveloped reserves

BITUMEN

Of the 301 million boe added to proved reserves, 12 million barrels
were bitumen. The addition of 12 million barrels comprised an
increase of 17 million barrels from net effects of revisions and
reclassifications, and an addition of 1 million barrels from extensions
and discoveries and a decrease from sales of 6 million barrels. After
taking into account production of 6 million barrels, bitumen proved
reserves were 428 million barrels at December 31, 2014

Shell share of joint ventures and associates

Before taking production into account, there was an increase of

30 million boe in the Shell share of joint ventures and associates’
proved reserves in 2014. This comprised 11 million barrels of oil and
natural gas liquids and 19 million boe (112 thousand million scf) of
natural gas. Of the 30 million boe, 91 million boe came from the net
effects of revisions and reclassifications, 8 million boe came from
extensions and discoveries and a decrease of 69 million boe from
sales

UPSTREAM,

After taking into account production of 239 million boe (of which

10 million boe were consumed in operations), the Shell share of joint
ventures and associates’ proved reserves decreased by 209 million
boe in 2014.

The Shell share of joint ventures and associates’ proved developed
reserves decreased by 336 million boe to 2,206 million boe, and
proved undeveloped reserves increased by 127 million boe to
694 million boe.

The total addition of 30 million boe before taking production into
account was impacted by net positive impact from commodity price
changes of 1 million boe of proved reserves

Proved undeveloped reserves

In 2014, Shell subsidiaries’ and the Shell share of joint ventures and
associates’ proved undeveloped reserves (PUD) decreased by 515
million boe to 4,098 million boe. A number of Shell fields saw some
changes to proved undeveloped reserves, with the largest reductions
occurring in the USA in Mars and in Europe in Schiehallion. The most
significant additions to the PUD occurred in Champion and Champion
West in Asia and in Canada in Muskeg River Mine. The 515 million
boe decrease in proved undeveloped reserves comprised: a reduction
of 259 million boe from revisions; a net reclassification of 125 million
boe from proved undeveloped to proved developed reserves; a net
reclassification of 266 million boe from proved undeveloped reserves
to contingent resource; an addition of 208 million boe from
extensions, discoveries and improved recovery; and a net decrease of
73 million boe related to purchases and sales.

An amount of 174 million boe was matured to proved developed
reserves from contingent resource as a result of project execution
during the year.

Shell proved undeveloped reserves held for five years or more (PUD5+)
at December 31, 2014, amount to 1,600 million boe, a net increase
of 774 million boe compared with the end of 2013. These PUDS+
remain undeveloped because development either: requires the
installation of gas compression and the drilling of additional wells,
which will be executed when required to support existing gas delivery
commitments (in Netherlands, Norway, the Philippines and Russia);
requires gas cap blow down which is awaiting end-of-oil production
{in Nigeria); or will take longer than five years because of the
complexity and scale of the project {in countries like Kazakhstan). The
increase in PUD5+ reflects the ageing of 808 million boe PUD booked
in 2009 and the transfer of 34 million boe PUD to proved developed
reserves. The largest contributors to the increase of PUD5+ are Muskeg
River Mine, Gorgon and Jansz-lo. Two fields, Bonga and Val d’Agri,
contribute to a reduction in PUD5+ due to projects being brought on
stream. The Shell fields with the largest PUD5+ are now Muskeg River
Mine, followed by Gorgon, Groningen (second and third stage
compression), Jansz-lo and Kashaghan

During 2014, Shell spent $17.3 billion on development activities
related to PUD maturation

DELIVERY COMMITMENTS

Shell sells crude oil and natural gas from its producing operations
under a variety of contractual obligations. Most contracts generally
commit Shell to sell quantities based on production from specified
properties, although some natural gas sales contracts specify delivery
of fixed and determinable quantities, as discussed below

In the past three years, with the exception of Brunei, Shell met all
contractual delivery commitments

In the period 2015 to 2017, Shell is contractually committed to deliver
to third parties and joint ventures and associates a total of


--- Page 21 ---

UPSTREAM

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

approximately 4,000 thousand million scf of natural gas from Shell
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. The sales contracts contain
a mixture of fixed and variable pricing formulae that are generally
referenced to the prevailing market price for crude oil, natural gas or
other petroleum products at the time of delivery.

The shortfall between Shell's delivery commitments and its proved
developed reserves is estimated at 21% of Shell's total gas delivery
commitments. This shortfall is expected to be met through the
development of proved undeveloped reserves as well as new projects
and purchases on the spot market.

EXPLORATION

In 2014, Shell made 10 notable discoveries, including in the USA,
Gabon and Malaysia. Discoveries will be evaluated further in order to
establish the extent of commercially producible volumes they contain

In 2014, Shell participated in 151 productive exploratory wells with
proved reserves allocated (Shell share: 99 wells). For further
information, see “Supplementary information — oil and gas (unaudited)
— Acreage and wells"

In 2014, Shell participated in a further 126 wells (Shell share: 77
wells) that remained pending determination at December 31, 2014

In total, the net acreage in Shell’s exploration portfolio decreased by
34,000 square kilometres, comprising acreage decreases of 13,000
square kilometres in South America (withdrawal), 11,500 square
kilometres in Australia (divestment), 8,000 square kilometres in Turkey
(relinquishment), 5,000 square kilometres in Canada (divestment), and
increases in acreage of 11,500 square kilometres in Namibia (licence
award) and 9,000 square kilometres in Greenland (equity increase)

BUSINESS AND PROPERTY

Shell subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are involved in all
aspects of upstream activities, including matters such as land tenure,
entitlement to produced hydrocarbons, production rates, royalties,
pricing, environmental protection, social impact, exports, taxes and
foreign exchange.

The conditions of the leases, licences and contracts under which oil
and gas interests are held vary from country to country. In almost all
cases outside North America the legal agreements are generally
granted by or entered into with a government, government entity or
governmenttun oil and gas company, and the exploration risk usually
rests with the independent oil and gas company. In North America
these agreements may also be with private parties that own mineral
rights. Of these agreements, the following are most relevant to Shell's
interests:

= Licences (or concessions}, which entitle the holder to explore for
hydrocarbons and exploit any commercial discoveries. Under a
licence, the holder bears the risk of exploration, development and
production activities, and is responsible for financing these activities.
In principle, the licence holder is entitled to the totality of production
less any royalties in kind. The government, government entity or
governmenttun oil and gas company may sometimes enter as a
participant in a joint arrangement sharing the rights and obligations
of the licence but usually without sharing the exploration risk. In a
few cases, the government entity, government-run oil and gas
company or agency has an option to purchase a certain share of
production

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

= lease agreements, which are typically used in North America and
are usually governed by similar terms as licences. Participants may
include governments or private entities, and royalties are either paid
in cash or in kind

= Production-sharing contracts (PSCs} entered into with a government,
government entity or government-run oil and gas company. PSCs
generally oblige the independent oil and gas company, as
contractor, to provide all the financing and bear the risk of
exploration, development and production activities in exchange for
a share of the production. Usually, this share consists of a fixed or
variable part that is reserved for the recovery of the contractor's cost
(cost oil). The remaining production is split with the government,
government entity or government-run oil and gas company on a fixed
or volume/revenue-dependent basis. In some cases, the
government, government entity or governmentrun oil and gas
company will participate in the rights and obligations of the
contractor and will share in the costs of development and
production. Such participation can be across the venture or on a
field-by-field basis. Additionally, as the price of oil or gas increases
above certain predetermined levels, the independent oil and gas
company’s entitlement share of production normally decreases, and
vice versa. Accordingly, its interest in a project may not be the same
as its entitlement.

Europe

DENMARK

We have a norroperating interest in a producing concession in Denmark
(Shell interest 36.8%}, which was granted in 1962 and will expire in 2042
The Danish government is one of our partners with a 20% interest.

IRELAND.

We are the operator of the Corrib gas project (Shell interest 45%),
which is at an advanced stage of construction. Corrib has the potential
to supply a significant proportion of the country’s gas requirement. The
pipeline connection between the offshore wells and the onshore
processing terminal is complete. Initial operation and testing of
equipment has commenced at the terminal, using gas from the national
grid in advance of first gas production from the field, which is
expected in 2015

ITALY

We have two non-operating interests in Italy: the Val d’Agri producing
concession (Shell interest 39.23%] and the Tempa Rossa concession
(Shell interest 25%). During the second quarter of 2014 we entered the
frontend engineering and design (FEED) phase on the non-operated
project Val d’Agri Phase 2, which is expected to deliver peak
production of some 65 thousand boe/d. The Tempa Rossa field is
under development and first oil is expected in 2018

NETHERLANDS,

Shell and ExxonMobil are 50:50 shareholders in Nederlandse
Aardolie Maatschappij B.V. (NAM), the largest hydrocarbon producer
in the Netherlands. An important part of NAM’s gas production comes
from the onshore Groningen gas field, in which the Dutch government
has a 40% interest and NAM a 60% interest. NAM also has a 60%
interest in the Schoonebeek oil field, which has been redeveloped
using enhanced oil recovery technology. NAM also operates a
significant number of other onshore gas fields and offshore gas fields in
the North Sea. In January 2015, the Minister of Economic Affairs of
the Netherlands approved NAM‘s production plan for the Groningen
field for 2014 to 2016. This caps production levels at 42.5 billion
cubic metres for 2014 and 39.4 billion cubic metres in each of 2015
and 2016, in an effort to diminish the potential for seismic activity.
Since issuing his decision on the Groningen production plan, the
Minister of Economic Affairs has stated that he intends to cap
production at 16.5 billion cubic metres for the first half of 2015


--- Page 22 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

NORWAY

We are a partner in more than 30 production licences on the
Norwegian continental shelf. We are the operator in 14 of these, of
which two are producing: the Ormen Lange gas field (Shell interest
17.8%) and the Draugen oil field (Shell interest 44.6%). The other
producing fields are Troll, Gjaa, Kvitebjarn and Valemon

UK

We operate a significant number of our interests on the UK Continental
Shelf on behalf of a 50:50 joint arrangement with ExxonMobil. Most
of our UK oil and gas production comes from the North Sea. We have
various non-operated interests in the Atlantic Margin area, principally
in the West of Shetlands area (Clair, Shell interest 28% and
Schiehallion, Shell interest approximately 55%). We also have interests
ranging from 20% to 49% in the Beryl area fields

REST OF EUROPE
Shell also has interests in Albania, Austria, Germany, Greece,
Greenland, Hungary, Slovakia, Spain and Ukraine

Asia (including the Middle East and Russia)

BRUNEI

Shell and the Brunei government are 50:50 shareholders in Brunei
Shell Petroleum Company Sendirian Berhad (BSP). BSP has long-term
oil and gas concession rights onshore and offshore Brunei, and sells
most of its gas production to Brunei LNG Sendirian Berhad (BLNG,
Shell interest 25%). BLNG was the first LNG plant in Asia-Pacific and
sells most of its LNG on long-term contracts to customers in Asia

We are the operator for the Block A concession (Shell interest 53.9%),
which is under exploration and development, and also operator for
exploration Block Q (Shell interest 50%). We have a 35% non-
operating interest in the Block B concession, where gas and
condensate are produced from the Maharaja Lela Field. In February
2014, the final investment decision was taken on the Maharaja Lela
South development (Shell interest 35%). It is expected to deliver a total
peak production of 35 thousand boe per day.

In addition, we have non-operating interests in deep-water exploration
Block CA-2 (Shell interest 12.5%] and in exploration Block N (Shell
interest 50%), both under PSCs.

CHINA

We operate the onshore Changbei tightgas field under a PSC with
China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC). The PSC includes the
development of tight gas in different geological layers of the block. In
Sichuan, Shell and CNPC have agreed to appraise, develop and
produce from tightgas and liquids-rich shale formations in the Jingiu
block under a PSC (Shell interest 49%) and have a PSC for shale-gas
exploration, development and production in the Fushun Yongchuan
block (Shell interest 49%)

We also have an interest in three offshore oil and gas blocks in the
Yinggehai basin, each under a PSC (Shell interest 49%)

INDONESIA

We have a 35% participating interest in the offshore Masela block
where INPEX Masela is the operator. The Masela block contains the
Abadi gas field. The operator has selected a floating LNG (FLNG)
concept for the field's development phase

IRAN
Shell transactions with Iran are disclosed separately. See
"Section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Disclosure”

UPSTREAM,

IRAQ

We have a 45% interest in the Majnoon oil field that we operate
under a technical service contract that expires in 2030. The other
Majnoon shareholders are PETRONAS (30%) and the Iraqi
government (25%), which is represented by the Missan Oil
Company. Majnoon is located in southern Iraq and is one of the
world’s largest oil fields. In 2013, we successfully restarted
production and Majnoon reached the milestone of first commercial
production of 175 thousand boe/d. In 2014, production at
Majnoon averaged 194 thousand boe/d

We also have a 20% interest in the West Quma 1 field. Our
participating interest in the West Qurna concession has increased from
15% to 20% when the contract was renegotiated in 2014 and the
government share reduced from 25% to 5% and prorated to the
funding shareholders

According to the provisions of both contracts, Shell's equity entitlement
volumes will be lower than the Shell interest implies

We also have a 44% interest in the Basrah Gas Company, which
gathers, treats and processes associated gas produced from the
Rumaila, West Qurna 1 and Zubair fields that was previously being
flared. The processed gas and associated products, such as
condensate and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), are sold primarily to
the domestic market with the potential to export any surplus.

KAZAKHSTAN

We have a 16.8% interest in the offshore Kashagan field, where the
North Caspian Operating Company is the operator. This
shallow-water field covers an area of approximately 3,400 square
kilometres. Phase 1 development of the field is expected to lead to
plateau production of about 300 thousand boe/d, on a 100% basis,
increasing further with additional phases of development. After the start
of production from the Kashagan field in September 2013, operations
had to be stopped in October 2013 due to gas leaks from the sour
gas pipeline. Following investigations, it has been decided that both
the oil and the gas pipeline will be replaced. Replacement activities
are ongoing, with production expected to restart in 2017.

We have an interest of 55% in the Pearls PSC, covering an area of
approximately 900 square kilometres in the Kazakh sector of the
Caspian Sea. It includes two oil discoveries, Auezov and Khazar

MALAYSIA

We explore for and produce oil and gas located offshore Sabah and
Sarawak under 19 PSCs, in which our interests range from 20% to
85%.

Offshore Sabah, we operate five producing oil fields (Shell interests
ranging from 29% to 50%). These include the GumusutKakap deep-
water field (Shell interest 29%) where production via a dedicated
floating production system commenced in October 2014. We have
additional interests ranging from 30% to 50% in PSCs for the
exploration and development of four deep-water blocks. These include
the Malikai field (Shell interest 35%) which is being developed with
Shell as the operator. We also have a 21% interest in the Siakap
North-Petai field, which commenced production in 2014, and a 30%
interest in the Kebabangan field

Offshore Sarawak, we are the operator of 17 producing gas fields
(Shell interests ranging from 37.5% to 70%). Nearly all of the gas
produced is supplied to Malaysia LNG in Bintulu where we have a
15% interest in the Dua (where our licence is due to expire in 2015)
and Tiga LNG plants. We also have a 40% interest in the 2011
Baram Delta EOR PSC and a 50% interest in Block SK-307.
Additionally, we have interests in five exploration PSCs: Deepwater
Block 2B, SK318, SK319, SK408 and SK320


--- Page 23 ---

UPSTREAM

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

We operate a gastorliquids (GTL) plant (Shell interest 72%) adjacent
to the Malaysia LNG facilities in Bintulu. Using Shell technology, the
plant converts gas into high-quality middle distillates, drilling fluids,
waxes and speciality products

OMAN

We have a 34% interest in Petroleum Development Oman (PDO); the
Omani government has a 60% interest. PDO is the operator of more
than 160 oil fields, mainly located in central and southern Oman over
an area of 114,000 square kilometres. The concession expires in
2044. During 2014, the Amal steam enhanced oil recovery project
has been ramping up towards its expected peak production following
a successful startup in 2013

We are also participating in the Mukhaizna oil field (Shell interest
17%) where steam flooding, an enhanced oil recovery method, is
being applied on a large scale.

We have a 30% interest in Oman LNG, which mainly supplies Asian
markets under long-term contracts. We also have an 11% indirect
interest in Qalhat LNG, another LNG facility in the country

QATAR

Pearl in Qatar is the world’s largest GTL plant. Shell operates it under
a development and production-sharing contract with the government
The fully integrated facility includes production, transport and
processing of 1.6 billion scf/d of gas from Qatar's North Field. It has
an installed capacity of about 140 thousand boe/d of high-quality
liquid hydrocarbon products and 120 thousand boe/d of NGL and
ethane. In 2014, Pearl produced 4.5 million tonnes of GTL products

Of Pearl's two trains, the first train is undergoing maintenance in the
first quarter of 2015, for an estimated two month period

We have a 30% interest in Qatargas 4, which comprises integrated
facilities to produce about 1.4 billion scf/d of gas from Qatar's North
Field, an onshore gas-processing facility and an LNG train with a
collective production capacity of 7.8 mtpa of LNG and 70 thousand
boe/d of condensate and NGL. The LNG is shipped mainly to China,
Europe and the United Arab Emirates

RUSSIA.

We have a 27.5% interest in Sakhalin-2, an integrated oil and gas
project located in a subarctic environment. In 2014, the project
produced 320 thousand boe/d and the output of LNG exceeded
10 million tonnes.

We have a 100% interest in an exploration and production licence for

the Lenzitsky block in the Yamalo Nenets Autonomous District. In
2014, we returned the Arkatoisky {also in the Yamalo Nenets
Autonomous District) and the Barun-Yustinsky [in Kalmykia) licence
blocks to the government.

We also have a 50% interest through Khanty-Mansiysk Petroleum
Alliance V.O.F. (a 50:50 joint venture with Gazprom Neff} in three
exploration licence blocks in western Siberia: South Lungorsky 1,
Yuilsky 4 and Yuilsky 5

We have a 50% interest in the Salym fields in western Siberia, where
production was 130 thousand boe/d in 2014

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

As a result of EU and US sanctions prohibiting defined oil and gas
activities in Russia, in 2014 we paused our liquids-rich shales
exploration activities, which were being undertaken through Salym and
Khanty-Mansiysk Petroleum Alliance V.O.F

UNITED ARAB EMIRATES.

In Abu Dhabi, we held a concessionary interest of 9.5% in the oil and
gas operations run by Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Oil
Operations (ADCO) from 1939 to January 2014, when the licence
expired. We also have a 15% interest in the licence of Abu Dhabi
Gas Industries Limited (GASCO), which expires in 2028. GASCO
exports propane, butane and heavierliquid hydrocarbons, which it
extracts from the wet gas associated with the oil produced by ADCO

We also participate in a 30-year joint venture to potentially develop
the Bab sour gas reservoirs in Abu Dhabi (Shell interest 40%). Shell
and the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company are in a period of
commercial and technical work that may lead to development, subject
to the signing of the respective jointventure agreements.

REST OF ASIA
Shell also has interests in India, Japan, Jordan, the Philippines, Saudi
Arabia, Singapore, South Korea and Turkey.

Oceania

AUSTRALIA

We have interests in offshore production and exploration licences in
the North West Shelf (NWS) and Greater Gorgon areas of the
Carnarvon Basin, as well as in the Browse Basin and Timor Sea. Some
of these interests are held directly and others indirectly through a
shareholding of 14% in Woodside, reduced from 23% by a sale of
shares in 2014. All interests in Australian assets quoted below are
direct interests.

Woodside is the operator of the Pluto LNG project. Woodside is also
the operator on behalf of six jointventure participants in the NWS gas,
condensate and oil fields, which produced more than 500 thousand
boe/d in 2014. Shell provides technical support for the NWS
development.

We have a 50% interest in Arrow Energy Holdings Pty Limited (Arrow),
a Queensland-based joint venture with PetroChina. Arrow owns coal
bed methane assets and a domestic power business.

We have a 25% interest in the Gorgon LNG project, which involves
the development of some of the largest gas discoveries to date in
Australia, beginning with the offshore Gorgon (Shell interest 25%) and
Jansz-lo (Shell interest 19.6%) fields. The Gorgon LNG project is under
construction on Barrow Island and is expected to start before the end
of 2016.

We are the operator of a permit in the Browse Basin in which two
separate gas fields were found: Prelude in 2007 and Concerto in
2009. We are developing these fields on the basis of our FING
technology. The Prelude FLNG project (Shell interest 67.5%) is
expected to produce about 110 thousand boe/d of gas and NGL,
delivering 3.6 mipa of LNG, 1.3 mtpa of condensate and 0.4 mtpa
of LPG. During 2014, construction of the Prelude FLING project
continued, with a major milestone being the lifting of the first topside
modules onto the deck of the hull

We are also a partner in the Browse joint ventures (Shell interests
ranging from 25% to 35%) covering the Brecknock, Calliance and
Torosa gas fields. In 2013, the Browse joint venture selected Shell's
FLNG technology to progress to the basis of design phase of the
project.


--- Page 24 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

Our other interests include: a joint venture with Shell as the operator of
the Crux gas and condensate field (Shell interest 82%); the Shell-
operated AC/P41 block (Shell interest 75%); and the Sunrise gas field
in the Timor Sea (Shell interest 26.6%]. We sold our interest in the
Wheatstone-lago joint venture and our 6.4% interest in the Wheatstone
UNG project during the second quarter of 2014

We are a partner in both Shell-operated and other, non-operated,
exploration joint ventures in multiple basins including the Bonaparte,
Exmouth Plateau, Greater Gorgon, Outer Canning and South Exmouth

REST OF OCEANIA
Shell also has interests in New Zealand

Africa

NIGERIA

Shell's share of production, onshore and offshore, in Nigeria was
approximately 300 thousand boe/d in 2014, compared with
approximately 265 thousand boe/d in 2013. Security issues and
crude oil theft in the Niger Delta continued to be significant
challenges in 2014

Onshore

The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Ltd (SPDC) is
the operator of a joint arrangement (Shell interest 30%) that has more
than 25 Niger Delta onshore oil mining leases (OMLs), which expire in
2019. To provide funding, modified carry agreements are in place for
certain key projects and are being reimbursed

SPDC supplies gas to Nigeria LNG Ltd (NLNG) mainly through its
Gbaran-Ubie and Soku projects. SPDC is undertaking a strategic
review of its interests in the eastern Niger Delta and has divested its
30% interest in OML 24. Agreements have been signed for the
divestment of the SPDC interests in three other onshore OM|s;
completion is subject to the consent of the Federal Government of
Nigeria. Additional divestments may occur as a result of the strategic
review

While the level of crude oil theft activities and sabotage in 2014 was
similar to 2013, the impact on production was smaller due to various
mitigation measures. During 2014, force majeure related to security
issues, sabotage and crude oil theft was only declared once,
compared with four times in 2013

Offshore

Our main offshore deep-water activities are carried out by Shell
Nigeria Exploration and Production Company (SNEPCO, Shell interest
100%) which has interests in four deep-water blocks. SNEPCO
operates OMLs 118 (including the Bonga field, Shell interest 55%] and
135 (Bolia and Doro, Shell interest 55%) and holds a 43.75% interest
in OML 133 [Erha) and a 50% interest in oil production lease

245 (Zabazaba, Etan). SNEPCO also has an approximate 43%
interest in the Bonga Southwest/Aparo development via its 55%
interest in OML 118. Deep-water offshore activities are typically
governed through PSCs

First oil was produced from the Bonga North West deep-water
development in the third quarter of 2014, while in October the final
investment decision on the Bonga Main phase 3 project was taken,
which is expected to contribute some 40 thousand boe/d at peak
production through the existing Bonga FPSO export facility.

SPDC also has an interest in six shallow-water offshore leases, of
which five are under final negotiation for extension for a period of 20
years,

UPSTREAM,

Liquefied natural gas

Shell has a 25.6% interest in NING, which operates six LNG trains
with a total capacity of 22.0 mtpa. In 2014, LNG production was
higher than in 2013, as 2013 was impacted by gas supply
constraints and the impact of a blockade of NLNG export facilities by
the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency.

REST OF AFRICA
Shell also has interests in Algeria, Benin, Egypt, Gabon, Namibia,
Somalia, South Africa, Tanzania and Tunisia

North America

CANADA.

We have more than 1,900 mineral leases in Canada, mainly in
Alberta and British Columbia. We produce and market natural gas,
NGL, synthetic crude oil and bitumen. In addition, we have significant
exploration acreage offshore. Bitumen is a very heavy crude oil
produced through conventional methods as well as through enhanced
oil recovery methods. Synthetic crude oil is produced by mining
bitumen-saturated sands, extracting the bitumen from the sands and
transporting it to a processing facility where hydrogen is added to
produce a wide range of feedstocks for refineries

Gas and liquids-rich shale

We continued to develop fields in Alberta and British Columbia during
2014 through drilling programmes and investment in infrastructure to
facilitate new production. We own and operate natural gas
processing and sulphur-extraction plants in Alberta and natural gas
processing plants in British Colombia. During 2014, we began
decommissioning our Burnt Timber gas facility in Alberta. Also in 2014
we entered into a joint venture (Shell interest 50%) to evaluate an
investment in an LNG export facility in Kitimat on the west coast of
Canada. This project completed FEED in 2014, with the final
investment decision expected not earlier than 2016 and cash flows
expected early next decade

Synthetic crude oil

We operate the Athabasca Oil Sands Project (AOSP) in north-east
Alberta as part of a joint arrangement (Shell interest 60%). The bitumen
is transported by pipeline for processing at the Scotford Upgrader,
which is also operated by Shell and located in the Edmonton area
The Quest carbon capture and storage project (Shell interest 60%),
which is expected to capture and permanently store more than 1 mtpa
of CO, from the Scotford Upgrader, is under construction and is
expected to start operation towards the end of 2015

We also have a number of other minable oil sands leases in the
Athabasca region with expiry dates ranging from 2018 to 2025. By
completing a certain minimum level of development prior to their
expiry, leases may be extended

Bitumen

We produce and market bitumen in the Peace River area of Alberta
Additional heavy oil resources and advanced recovery technologies
are under evaluation on approximately 1,200 square kilometres in the
Grosmont oil sands area, also in northern Alberta. Construction of our
Carmon Creek project (Shell interest 100%), which began in 2013,
continues. Carmon Creek is an in-situ project that is expected to
produce up to 80 thousand boe/d


--- Page 25 ---

UPSTREAM

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

Offshore

We have a 31.3% interest in the Sable Offshore Energy project, a
natural-gas complex off the east coast of Canada and other acreages
in deep-water offshore Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. During
2014, we sold a 50% interest in the Shelburne project offshore Nova
Scotia and retain a 50% interest as operator. We also have a number
of exploration licences off the west coast of British Columbia and in the
Mackenzie Delta in the Northwest Territories

USA

We produce oil and gas in the Gulf of Mexico, heavy oil in California
and primarily tight gas and oil from liquids-rich shales in Pennsylvania
and Texas. The majority of our oil and gas production interests are
acquired under leases granted by the owner of the minerals underlying
the relevant acreage, including many leases for federal onshore and
offshore tracts. Such leases usually run on an initial fixed term that is
automatically extended by the establishment of production for as long
as production continues, subject to compliance with the terms of the
lease (including, in the case of federal leases, extensive regulations
imposed by federal law]

Gulf of Mexico

The Gulf of Mexico is our major production area in the USA, and
accounts for over 50% of Shell's oil and gas production in the country,
We have an interest in approximately 450 federal offshore leases and
our share of production averaged almost 225 thousand boe/d in
2014. Key producing assets are Auger, Brutus, Enchilada, Mars,

Na Kika, Olympus, Perdido, Ram-Powell and Ursa

We continued significant exploration and development activities in the
Gulf of Mexico in 2014, with an average contracted offshore rig fleet
of nine mobile rigs and five platform rigs. We also secured five blocks
in the central and western lease sales in 2014

Onshore

We have significant tightgas and liquids-rich shale acreage, including
in the Marcellus and Utica shales, centred on Pennsylvania in north-
east USA and the Delaware Permian Basin in west Texas

During 2014, we divested our interests in the Eagle Ford shale
formation in Texas, the Mississippi Lime in Kansas, the Utica shale
position in Ohio and our acreage in the Sandwash Niobrara basins in
Colorado. In addition, we sold our Haynesville gas assets in Louisiana
for cash and sold our Pinedale gas assets in Wyoming in exchange for
cash and additional acreage in the Marcellus and Utica shale areas in
Pennsylvania

In recent years, we have invested significant amounts in our tightgas
and liquids-tich shale portfolio. There is still a large amount of drilling
that must be conducted in our properties in order to establish our future
plans. Following the asset sales in 2014, the current focus is on de-
risking and future development of our core assets, while continuing to
look for options to enhance the value of our portfolio in the current
market,

California

We have a 51.8% interest in Aera Energy LLC [Aera), which has assets
in the San Joaquin Valley and Los Angeles Basin areas of southern
California. Aera operates more than 15,000 wells, producing
approximately 130 thousand boe/d of heavy oil and gas

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

Alaska

We have more than 410 federal leases for exploration in the Beaufort
and Chukchi seas in Alaska. In January 2014, we decided to suspend
our 2014 drilling campaign due to obstacles raised by the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeal’s decision with regard to the Department of the
Interior's (DOI) 2008 oil and gas lease sale in the Chukchi Sea

In August 2014, we submitted an Exploration Plan for a twortig
programme in the Chukchi Sea. In November 2014, the DOI issued a
draft Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement (SEIS) and the
comment period closed in December 2014. We anticipate that the
DOI will continue to work in accordance with their proposed timeline
to complete the SEIS in sufficient time to allow us to pursue our plans to
drill in 2015

REST OF NORTH AMERICA,
Shell also has interests in Mexico.

South America

BRAZIL

We are the operator of several producing fields in the Campos Basin,
offshore Brazil. They include the Bijupira and Salema fields (Shell
interest 80%) and the BC-10 field (Shell interest 50%). We started
production from the BC-10 Phase 2 project in October 2013, which
reached peak production of 41 thousand boe/d in 2014. In 2013,
we exercised our pre-emptive rights to acquire an additional 23% in
the BC-10 project and in 2014 we sold a 23% interest to Qatar
Petroleum International, which returned our interest to 50%.

We operate one block in the Sao Francisco onshore basin area (Shell
interest 60%) and operate one offshore exploration block in the Santos
Basin, BM-S-54 (Shell interest 80%). We also have an interest in one
offshore exploration block in the Espirito Santo basins, BM-ES-27 (Shell
interest 17.5%). In November 2014, we divested our 20% interest in
BM-ES-23

We also have an 18% interest in Brazil Companhia de Gas de Sao
Paulo (Comgas}, a natural gas distribution company in the state of Sao
Paulo

We have a 20% interest in a 35-year PSC to develop the Libra pre-salt
oil field located in the Santos Basin

In January 2015, we reached an agreement to divest our operating
interest in our deep-water production asset Bijupira Salema, pending
regulatory approvals

REST OF SOUTH AMERICA

The acquisition of part of Repsol S.A.’s LNG portfolio was completed
in January 2014, including LNG supply positions in Peru and Trinidad
and Tobago, adding 7.2 mtpa of directly managed LNG volumes
through long-term off-take agreements, including 4.2 mtpa of equity
LNG plant capacity.

Shell also has interests in Argentina, Colombia, French Guiana and
Venezuela

Trading

We market a portion of our share of equity production of LNG and
also trade LNG volumes around the world through our hubs in Dubai
and Singapore. We also market and trade natural gas, power,
emission rights and crude oil from certain Shell Upstream operations in
the Americas and Europe


--- Page 26 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

UPSTREAM,

SUMMARY OF PROVED OIL AND GAS RESERVES OF SHELL SUBSIDIARIES AND SHELL

SHARE OF JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES [A][B] (AT DECEMBER 31, 2014)

BASED ON AVERAGE PRICES FOR 2014

Oil and natural Natural gas Total
gas liquids {thousand Synthetic crude oil Bitumen all products
(million barrels) million scf) (million barrels) __ (million barrels) (million boe)[C]
Proved developed
Europe 372 10,160 - - 2,124
Asia 1,169 13,615 - - 3,516
Oceania 51 1,831 - - 367
Africa 534 1,162 - - 734
North America
USA 494 1,275 - - 714
Canada 26 939 1,273 9 1,470
South America 51 A2 = = 58
Total proved developed 2,697 29,024 1,273 9 8,983
Proved undeveloped
Europe 236 2,136 - - 604
Asia 513 2,486 - - 942
Oceania 89 4,247 - - 821
Africa 157 1,459 - - 409
North America
USA 217 286 - - 266
Canada 18 672 490 419 1,043
South America 12 6 = = 13
Total proved undeveloped 1,242 11,292 490 AI9 4,098
Total proved developed and undeveloped
Europe 608 12,296 - - 2,728
Asia 1,682 16,101 - - 4,458
Oceania 140 6,078 - - 1,188
Africa 691 2,621 - - 1,143
North America
USA 7\1 1,561 - - 980
Canada 44 1,611 1,763 428 2,513
South America 63 48 - - 7
Total 3,939 40,316 1,763 428 13,081

[A] Includes 11 million boe of reserves attributable to non-controlling interest in Shell subsidiaries

[B] Oceania includes Shell's 14% share of Woodside, a publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. Shell has no access to data at December 31, 2014; accordingly, the
numbers are estimated

[C] Natural gas volumes are converted to oil equivalent using a factor of 5,800 scf per barrel


--- Page 27 ---

UPSTREAM SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

LOCATION OF OIL AND GAS EXPLORATION AND CAPITAL INVESTMENT IN OIL AND GAS
PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES [A] (AT DECEMBER 31, 2014) EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION

ACTIVITIES BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA $ MILLION
and/or 2014 2013

Development

Exploration production Shell operator[B] Oil and gas exploration and production

activities
Europe [A] 4,273 4,770
Asia 3,875 5,421
Oceania 5,068 6,237
Africa 2,825 2,639
North America - USA 8,210 9,155
North America - Canada 3,162 3,154
South America 1,109 4,158
Total 28,522 35,534
Other Upstream activities [B] 2,771 4,769
Total Upstream [C] 31,293 40,303
[A] Includes Greenland

rise LNG, GIL, trading and wind activities
lonGAAP measures reconciliations” for a reconciliation to capital expenditure

Europe
Albania
Denmark
Germany
Greenland

Ireland
Italy
Netherlands
Norway
UK
Ukraine
Asia [C]
Brunei
China
Indonesia
Iraq
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Malaysia
Oman
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Turkey
Oceania
Australia . .
New Zealand . .
Africa
Benin
Egypt
Gabon
Namibia
Nigeria
South Africa
Tanzania
Tunisia
North America
USA . .
Canada . .
South America
Argentina
Brazil

Colombia
French Guiana

[A] Includes joint ventures and associates. Where a joint venture or associate has properties
outside its base country, those properties are not shown in this table

[B] In several countries where “Shell operator’ is indicated, Shell is the operator of some but
not all exploration and/or production ventures.

{C] Shell suspended all exploration and production activities in Syria in December 201



--- Page 28 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

AVERAGE REALISED PRICE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

OIL AND NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS

2014

UPSTREAM,

$/BARREL
2013 2012

Shell share of

Shell share of Shell share of

Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures

subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates

Europe 94.57 89.68 105.23 99.27 108.13 104.60

Asia 89.47 96.85 96.46 70.34 107.76 67.33
Oceania 82.26 88.071A] 90.50 191A] 91.62 90.14(A]

Africa 100.55 - 110.14 - 112.45 -

North America - USA 87.90 - 1O[B] - 103.59 110.00

North America — Canada 59.19 - 63.14 - 68.31 -

South America 88.68 - 97 AZ 94.01 100.01 97.33

Total 91.09 95.87 99.83[B] 72.69 107.15 76.01

[A] Includes Shell's 14% share of Woodside as from June 2014 (previously: 23% as from April 2012; 24% before that date}, @ publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We

have limited access to data; accordingly, the numbers are estimated.
[B] Average realised prices have been corrected from $10

1.00/b (USA) and $100.42/b (Total)

NATURAL GAS $/THOUSAND SCF

2014

2013 2012

Shell share of

Shell share of Shell share of

Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures

subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates

Europe 8.58 8.26 10.29 917 9.A8 9.64

Asia 4.57 11.50 45] 10.73 4.81 10.13
Oceania 10.49 11.01[A] 1.55 9.ASIAI 1.14 9.A8IA]

Africa 27) - 2.84 - 2.74 -

North America - USA 4.52 - 3.92 - 3.17 7.88

North America — Canada 4.39 - 3.26 - 2.36 -

South America 2.85 - 2.91 0.42 2.63 1.04

Total 5.68 972 5.85 9.72 5.53 9.81

[A] Includes Shell's 14% share of Woodside as from June 2014 (previously: 23% as from April 2012; 24% before that date}, @ publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We

have limited access to data; accordingly, the numbers are estimated

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL $/BARREL

2014 2013 2012

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 81.83 87.24 81.46

BITUMEN $/BARREL

2014 2013 2012

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 70.1 67.40 68.97



--- Page 29 ---

UPSTREAM SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

AVERAGE PRODUCTION COST BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

OIL, NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS AND NATURAL GAS [A] $/BOE
2014 2013 2012
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe 19.47 4.25 17.66 3.57 14.50 3.56
Asia 7.87 7.62 6.52 5.74 7.53 47)
Oceania 13.62 14.44[B] 11.55 13.17[8] 9.06 16.97[8]
Africa 14.86 - 14.43 - 9.52 -
North America - USA 21.35 - 21.57 - 20.09 18.24
North America — Canada 22.96 - 22.20 - 19.47 -
South America 25.26 - 37.72 16.96 16.36 11.01
Total 15.10 6.68 14.35 5.52 12.47 6.05

[A] Natural gas volumes are converted to oil equivalent using a factor of 5,
[B] Includes Shell's 14% share of Woodside as from June 2014 (previously: 2:
have limited access to data; accordingly, the numbers are eslimated

SYNTHETIC CRUDE OIL $/BARREL

per barrel
from April 2012; 24% before that date], a publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange. We

2014 2013 2012
Shell Shell Shell
subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries
North America - Canada 42.46 41.81[A] 43.4O[A]

[A] Average production costs have been corrected from $38.22/b (2013) and $40.40/b (2012)

BITUMEN $/BARREL

2014 2013 2012
Shell Shell Shell
subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 23.24 23.03 24.11



--- Page 30 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014 UPSTREAM,

OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION (AVAILABLE FOR SALE)

2014 2013 2012
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe
Denmark 18,834 - 20,927 - 26,748 -
Italy 11,792 - 11,997 - 14,127 -
Norway 14,893 - 14,589 - 14,568 -
UK 14,746 - 14,445 - 22,075 -
Other [B] 849 1,986 934 1,952 1,031 1,592
Total Europe 61,114 1,986 62,892 1,952 78,549 1,592
Asia
Brunei 648 18,576 564 20,011 663 26,521
Iraq 19,218 - 8,416 - 2,032 -
Malaysia 16,754 - 15,441 - 14,916 -
Oman 74,781 - 74,527 - 75,075 -
Russia 23,579 10,403 25,152 10,527 - 38,180
United Arab Emirates - 2,397 - 58,104 - 53,103
Other [B] 27,165 8,115 25,202 8,155 19,668 8,341
Total Asia 162,145 39,491 149,302 96,797 112,354 126,145
Total Oceania 9191 3,688 9,371 4,77] 10,181 6,494
Africa
Gabon 12,144 - 10,781 - 13,957 -
Nigeria 69,851 - 63,800 - 87,592 -
Other [B] 5,008 - 4,254 - 4,477 -
Total Africa 87,003 = 78,835 = 106,026 =
North America
USA 98,895 - 86,670 - 56,630 24,540
Canada 8,389 = 7,026 = 5,456 =
Total North America 107,284 = 94,296 = 62,086 24,540
South America
Brazil 16,575 - 7,706 - 12,628 -
Other [B] 361 = 273 3,327 330 3,495
Total South America 16,936 = 7,979 3,327 12,958 3,495
Tota 443,673 45,165 402,675 106,847 382,154 162,266

[A] Includes natural gas liquids. Royalty sales are excluded. Reflects 100%
the subsidiaries concemed under those contracts
[B] Comprises countries where 2014 production was lower than 7,300 thousand barrels or where specific disclosures are prohibited

production attributable to subsidiaries except in respect of PSCs, where the figures shown represent the entitlement of



--- Page 31 ---

UPSTREAM SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014
UPSTREAM CONTINUED
NATURAL GAS [A] UBIC FEET
2014 2013 2012
Shell share of Shell share of Shell share of
Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures Shell joint ventures
subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates subsidiaries and associates
Europe
Denmark 49,708 - 53,283 - 73,809 -
Germany 66,718 - 73,123 - 79,558 -
Netherlands - 028 - (344 - 548
Norway 252,284 - 256,396 - 260,742 -
UK 104,346 - 109,470 - 120,212 -
Other [B] 15,840 = 15,409 = 15,849 =
Total Europe 488,896 581,028 507,681 721,344 550,170 661,548
Asia
Brunei 22,228 155,244 18,442 164,446 18,616 187,231
China 53,065 - 60,034 - 48,083 -
Malaysia 241,908 - 238,940 - 209,505 -
Russia 4,170 128,175 4,261 126,764 - 136,702
Other [B] 420,169 118,198 378,412 115,469 291,132 115,870
Total Asia 741,540 401,617 700,089 406,679 567,336 439,803
Oceania
Australia 132,801 87,830 125,654 100,707 128,869 88,834
New Zealand 69,052 = 61,407 = 66,627 =
Total Oceania 201,853 87,830 187,061 100,707 195,496 88,834
Africa
Egypt 54,079 - 46,072 - 51,589 -
Nigeria 234,599 = 201,311 = 271,051 =
Total Africa 288,678 = 247 383 = 322,640 =
North America
USA 360,846 - 394,538 - 388,647 1,816
Canada 214,756 - 231,897 = 225,265 =
Total North America 575,602 = 626,435 = 613,912 1,816
Total South America 12,449 = 11,896 444 16,213 377
Total 2,309,018 1,070,475 2,280,545 1,229,174 2,265,767 1,192,378
[A] Reflects production attributable to subsidiaries except in respect of PSCs, where the figures shown represent the entitlement of the companies concerned under those contracts

[B] Comprises countries where 2014 production was lower than 41,795 million scf or where specific disclosures are prohibited.

2014 2013 2012

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 46,934 46,017 45,903
2014 2013 2012

Shell Shell Shell

subsidiaries subsidiaries subsidiaries

North America — Canada 5,779 6,903 7,401



--- Page 32 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014 UPSTREAM,

LNG AND GTL PLANTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2014

LNG LIQUEFACTION PLANTS IN OPERATION

Shell 100% capacity
Location interest (%)[A] (mtpa)[B]

Atlantic LNG Point Fortin 20-25 14.8
Australia North West Shelf Karratha 19 16.3
Australia Pluto 1 Karratha 12 43
Brunei LNG Lumut 25 7.8
Malaysia LNG (Dua) [C] Bintulu 15 96
Malaysia LNG (Tiga) Bintulu 15 77
Nigeria LNG Bonny 26 22.0
Oman LNG Sur 30 7.1
Peru LNG Pampa Melchorita 20 45
Qalhat (Oman) LNG Sur 11 37
Qatargas 4 Ras Laffan 30 78
Sakhalin LNG Prigorodnoye 27.5 9.6

[A] Interest may be held via indirect shareholding
[B] As reported by the operator
{C] Our interest in the Dua plant is due fo expire in 2015

LNG LIQUEFACTION PLANTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION

Shell 100% capacity

Location interest (%) (mtpa)

Gorgon Barrow Island 25 15.3
MMLS LNG Moveable units [A] 49 2.5
Prelude Offshore Australia 67.5 3.6

[A] Location pending final investment decision

GTL PLANTS IN OPERATION

Shell 100% capaci
Country interest (%) (b/d)
Bintulu Malaysia 72 14,700
Pearl Qatar 100 140,000
EQUITY LNG SALES VOLUMES
2014 2013 2012
Australia 3.7 3.7 3.6
Brunei 1.5 17 L7
Malaysia 27 2.6 2.5
Nigeria 5.0 44 5.1
Oman 1.8 2.0 19
Peru 0.8 - -
Qatar 24 2.3 24
Sakhalin 2.9 29 3.0
Trinidad and Tobago 3.2 - -

Total 24.0 19.6 20.2



--- Page 33 ---

UPSTREAM SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

UPSTREAM CONTINUED

EARNINGS AND CASH FLOW INFORMATION

North America South
Europe[A] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other America Total

Revenue 17,891 35,629 3,299 11,129 13,553 9,250 1,548 92,299
Share of profit of joint ventures and

associates 1,128 3,173 266 937 (4) 77 (75) 5,502
Interest and other income 68 845 2,292 503 327 (71) 65 4,029
Total revenue and other income 19,087 39,647 5,857 12,569 13,876 9,256 1,538 101,830
Purchases excluding taxes 5,848 10,113 344 1,505 1,909 3,383 (63) 23,039
Production and manufacturing expenses 3,255 4,905 809 2,483 4,572 3,391 678 = 20,093
Taxes other than income tax 264 948 211 836 201 - 165 2,625
Selling, distribution and administrative

expenses 777 103 9 1 136 7 22 1,055
Research and development 642 28 - - 134 51 - 855
Exploration 458 1,331 232 307 1,548 88 260 4,224
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 1,815 4,621 430 2,054 6,665 1,808 475 17,868
Interest expense 364 90 55 144 211 60 29 953
Income before taxation 5,664 17,508 3,767 5,239 (1,500) 468 (28) 31,118
Taxation 3,599 7,542 2,103 2,416 (626) 78 165. 15,277
Income after taxation 2,065 9,966 1,664 2,823 (874) 390 (193) 15,841
Net cash from operating activities 3,975 14,619 1,684 4,629 3,935 2,685 312 31,839
Less: working capital movements 1,148 (1,470) (845) 616 (994) 360 (285) (1,470)
Net cash from operating activities

excluding working capital movements 2,827 16,089 2,529 4,013 4,929 2,325 597 33,309

[A] Includes Greenland

North America South
Europe[A] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other America Total

Revenue 23,144 35,916 3,414 11,007 9,762 8,878 748 92,869
Share of profit of joint ventures and

associates 1,469 3,235 VW 1,162 ] 55 87 6,120
Interest and other income (123) 572 172 (14) 20 52 (20) 659
Total revenue and other income 24,490 39,723 3,697 12,155 9,783 8,985 815 99,648
Purchases excluding taxes 9,088 9,761 290 1,378 (1,175) 2,989 48 = 22,379
Production and manufacturing expenses 2,998 4,162 762 1,978 4,588 3,594 389 18,471
Taxes other than income tax 328 1,254 226 963 223 - 85 3,079
Selling, distribution and administrative

expenses 993 85 7 ] 47 26 35 1,194
Research and development 648 15 - - 178 106 - 947
Exploration 627 1,082 396 354 1,790 312 7\7 5,278
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 1,444 3,114 434 1,293 7,954 2,550 160 16,949
Interest expense 359 76 47 133 210 él 24 910
Income before taxation 8,005 20,174 1,535 6,055 (4,032) (653) (643) 30,441
Taxation 4,883 10,977 475 3,100 (1,500) (203) 71 17,803
Income after taxation 3,122 9,197 1,060 2,955 (2,532) (450) (714) 12,638
Net cash from operating activities 5,215 12,834 1,717 5,027 3,775 1,414 132 30,114
Less: working capital movements 1,251 (88) (929) 1,391 (86) (346) 119 1,312
Net cash from operating activities

excluding working capital movements 3,964 12,922 2,646 3,636 3,861 1,760 13 28,802

[A] Includes Greenland


--- Page 34 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014 UPSTREAM,

2012 $ MILLIO}

North America South
Europe[A] Asia Oceania Africa USA Other America Total

Revenue 26,569 31,438 3,463 14,966 8,657 8,003 1,454 94,550
Share of profit of joint ventures and

associates 1,667 3,866 395 950 1,150 25 (52) 8,001
Interest and other income 70 793 2,107 984 569 149 164 4,836
Total revenue and other income 28,306 36,097 5,965 16,900 10,376 8,177 1,566 107,387
Purchases excluding taxes 10,689 8,699 277 1,878 659 2,958 85 25,245
Production and manufacturing expenses 2,651 3,761 834 1,915 3,477 3,434 282 16,354
Taxes other than income tax 350 410 318 1,248 39 - 144 2,509
Selling, distribution and administrative

expenses 843 196 4 3 126 19 20 1,211
Research and development 595 16 - - 135 121 2 869
Exploration 398 460 175 699 802 372 198 3,104
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 1,583 1,903 306 1,277 3,930 2,072 316 11,387
Interest expense 31] 68 34 116 170 53 22 774
Income before taxation 10,886 20,584 4,017 9,764 1,038 (852) 497 45,934
Taxation 6,421 11,205 1,095 5,361 (121) (408) 137 23,690
Income after taxation 4,465 9,379 2,922 4,403 1,159 (444) 360 22,244
Net cash from operating activities 6,677 11,457 2,107 6,615 4,483 1,047 675 33,061
Less: working capital movements 18 (587) 469 (410) 526 (73) 167 110
Net cash from operating activities

excluding working capital movements 6,659 12,044 1,638 7,025 3,957 1,120 508 32,951

{Al Includes Greenland


--- Page 35 ---

DOWNSTREAM

DOWNSTREAM

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

KEY STATISTICS $ MILLION

2014 2013 2012
Segment earnings [A] 3,411 3,869 5,382
Including:
Revenue (including inter-segment sales) 378,046 404,427 424,410
Share of earnings of joint ventures and associates [A] 1,698 1,525 1,354
Production and manufacturing expenses 9,845 9,807 9,539
Selling, distribution and administrative expenses 12,489 13,114 12,860
Depreciation, depletion and amortisation 6,619 4,421 3,083
Net capital investment [B] 3,079 4,885 4,275
Refinery availability (%) [C] 94 92 93
Chemical plant availability (%) [C] 85 92 91
Refinery processing intake (thousand b/d) 2,903 2,915 2,819
Oil products sales volumes (thousand b/d) 6,365 6,164 6,235
Chemicals sales volumes (thousand tonnes) 17,008 17,386 18,669

[A] See Notes 2 and 4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements’. Segment earnings are presented on a current cost of supplies basis.

[B] See "Non-GAAP measures reconciliation”
[C] The basis of

OVERVIEW

Shell’s Downstream organisation is made up of a number of different
business activities, part of an integrated value chain, that collectively
turn crude oil into a range of refined products, which are moved and
marketed around the world for domestic, industrial and transport use
The products we sell include gasoline, diesel, heating oil, aviation
fuel, marine fuel, liquefied natural gas (ING) for transport, lubricants,
bitumen, sulphur and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). In addition, we
produce and sell petrochemicals for industrial use worldwide.

Our Downstream activities comprise Refining, Pipelines, Marketing,
Chemicals and Trading and Supply. Marketing includes Retail,
Lubricants, Business to Business (B2B) and Alternative Energies
Chemicals has major manufacturing plants, located close to refineries,
and its own marketing network. In Trading and Supply, we trade crude
oil, oil products and petrochemicals, to optimise feedstocks for Refining
and Chemicals, to supply our Marketing businesses and third patties,
and for our own profit.

BUSINESS CONDITIONS

Industry refining margins were higher on average in 2014 than in
2013 in the key refining hubs of the USA and Singapore, and were
little changed in Europe. In particular, margins improved in the USA
where increased domestic crude oil and natural gas production
lowered oil acquisition costs (relative to international prices). Some
demand growth, especially around the summer driving season in the
USA, also contributed to higher US Gulf Coast margins.

In 2015, increased demand for middle distillates is expected to be a
key driver of refining margins, supported by demand for gasoline in
the middle of the year. However, the overall outlook remains unclear
because of continuing economic uncertainty, geopolitical tensions in
some regions that could lead to supply disruptions and overcapacity in
the global refining market.

In Chemicals, industry naphtha cracker margins increased from 2013,
particularly in Asia where there was less cracker capacity available
US ethane cracker margins were high relative to naphtha cracker
margins in other regions due to ample ethane supply. The outlook for
petrochemicals for 2015 is dependent on the growth of the global
economy, especially in Asia, and developments in raw material prices.

ulation differs from that used for the “Refinery and chemical plant availability” measure in “Performance indicators", which excludes downtime due to uncontrollable factors.

EARNINGS 2014-2013

Segment earnings are presented on a current cost of supplies basis
(see “Summary of results”), which in 2014 were $4,366 million higher
than earnings if presented on firstin, firstout basis (2013

$353 million higher). Segment earnings in 2014 were

$3,411 million, 12% lower than 2013. Earnings in 2014 included
net charges of $2,854 million, mainly impairments, and in 2013
included net charges of $597 million, described at the end of this
section. Excluding the impact of these net charges, earnings in 2014
were 40% higher. The improvement was driven by higher realised
refining margins from improved operating performance and a stronger
industry environment, higher earnings from Trading and Supply, and
lower costs mainly as a result of divestments. Partly offsetting these
benefits were lower earnings from Chemicals, impacted by market
conditions for intermediate products and shutdowns of some units at
Moerdijk in the Netherlands

Refining made a profit in 2014, compared with a loss in 2013
Realised refining margins were significantly higher overall and higher
in all regions except the US West Coast. The increase was driven by
operational improvements and stronger industry margin environments in
most regions. In Europe, despite a slightly weaker margin environment,
realised margins benefited from strong operational performances at the
Pernis and Rheinland sites. Realised margins in Canada were higher in
2014 because the Scotford Upgrader was shut for part of 2013

US Gulf Coast realised margins benefited from improved operational
performance. The margin environment in Asia improved. There was a
loss of margins from the Geelong refinery in Australia which was sold
in 2014. US West Coast realised margins were lower mainly due to a
maintenance shutdown at Puget Sound in 2014. Motiva’s performance
was stronger in 2014 through both improved operational performance
and a stronger margin environment. Overall refinery availability
increased to 94% from 92% in 2013

Trading and Supply earnings were significantly higher than 2013,
benefiting from increased price volatility and profitable short positions in
an oil market where prices declined during the second half of 2014

Chemicals earnings were lower than in 2013, impacted by two
incidents at Moerdijk that disrupted operations. The first, an explosion
and fire at the MSPO2 unit, caused a partial shutdown of the site but
had only limited financial impact. The second incident, a contamination
of the steam boiler water feed, caused a temporary shutdown of all units
for the fourth quarter of 2014 with more significant financial impact.


--- Page 36 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

We expect a significant impact to earnings in 2015 from some units
continuing to be non-operational. Additionally, earnings decreased for
intermediate products due to weaker general market conditions
compared with 2013. Sales prices were higher in 2013 due to
industry supply constraints caused by competitor production outages

Marketing earnings were higher than in 2013 across most businesses
despite the divestment of businesses in Australia and Italy. Driving the
improvement were stronger unit margins, helped by premium product
pricing in Retail, active price management in Lubricants and LPG, and
lower costs in Retail. Earnings from Raizen, our biofuels joint venture in
Brazil, were higher than in 2013 despite the negative effects of the
weakening Brazilian real, mainly as a result of stronger unit margins in
the Marketing business.

Oil products sales volumes were 3% higher than in 2013. Higher
Trading volumes more than offset lower Marketing volumes, which
were impacted by the sale of businesses in Australia and Italy.
Excluding these portfolio effects, Marketing volumes were similar to
2013

Chemicals sales volumes were 2% lower than in 2013, mainly as a
result of plant outages at Moerdijk. Chemicals plant availability
decreased to 85% from 92% in 2013, mainly due to these outages

Overall, operating expenses were 3% lower than in 2013. Production
and manufacturing expenses were similar to 2013 as the effects of
inflation and higher maintenance costs were offset by more favourable
exchange rates and divestments. Selling, distribution and
administrative expenses decreased due to divestments, reduced
spending related to lower volumes in some businesses and more
favourable exchange rates

Depreciation, depletion and amortisation significantly increased in
2014 compared with 2013, mainly due to impairments described
below. Excluding the impairments, depreciation decreased compared
with 2013 due to divestments and reduced depreciation from impaired
assets

Segment earnings in 2014 included a net charge of $2,854 million,
primarily from impairments (mainly in respect of refineries in Asia and
Europe] and also from restructuring charges, fair value accounting of

commodity derivatives and a provision connected to a prior year sale
obligation. Partly offsetting these charges was a gain related to Dutch
pension plan amendments

Segment earnings in 2013 included a net charge of $597 million,
resulting primarily from impairments and deferred tax adjustments
which were partly offset by a beneficial tax rate change in the UK and
gains on divestments.

EARNINGS 2013-2012

Segment earnings in 2013 were $3,869 million, 28% lower than in
2012. Segment earnings were 16% lower excluding the impact of the
net charge of $597 million in 2013 described above and the net gain
of $39 million in 2012 resulting from net gains on divestments and a
tax credit, partly offset by legal and environmental provisions. The 16%
decrease was mostly due to Refining making a loss, due to weaker
margins, which was partly offset by higher contributions from
Chemicals and Trading. Contributions from Marketing were broadly
similar to 2012

Realised refining margins were significantly lower than in 2012 due to
a deterioration in industry conditions. Industry refining margins were
lower in all regions, except for US Gulf Coast margins which were
slightly higher. Lower US West Coast margins in 2013 reflected an
excess supply of gasoline in the region. Margins in 2013 were also
impacted by a narrower spread between the Brent and West Texas

DOWNSTREAM

Intermediate (WTI) crude oil price benchmarks, as an expansion in
pipeline capacity increased the ability to move oil from the landlocked
area of Cushing, Oklahoma, where WTI is delivered. In Europe,
margins remained weak due to: low regional demand; increased
imports from Asia, Russia and the USA; and limited export
opportunities to the USA due to high gasoline inventories there
Margins in Asia-Pacific were impacted by excess capacity and weak
demand due to an economic slowdown

NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT

Net capital investment was $3.1 billion in 2014 compared with

$4.9 billion in 2013. The decrease was primarily due to higher
divestment proceeds, which were $2.8 billion in 2014 compared with
$0.6 billion in 2013

Capital investment was $5.9 billion in 2014 compared with

$5.5 billion in 2013. In Refining and Chemicals, it increased by $0.5
billion to $3.7 billion and in Marketing it decreased by $0.1 billion to
$2.2 billion. In 2014, 54% of our capital investment was used to
maintain the integrity and performance of our asset base, compared
with 61% in 2013

PORTFOLIO ACTIONS
In Pipelines, we formed Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. (see “Business
and property ~ Pipelines” in this section)

In Lubricants, with our jointventure partner Hyundai Oilbank, we
opened a base oil manufacturing plant in Daesan, South Korea (Shell
interest 40%). The plant has the capacity to produce some

13 thousand barrels of AP] Group Il base oils per day. The first batch
of base oil was successfully blended in the Zhapu lubricant oil
blending plant in China in August 2014. Shell will take a majority of
the output from this plant in the first few years which will significantly
increase the volume of Group II base oils for our supply chain in the
region

In Chemicals, Shell has taken full control of Ellba Eastern (Pte} Ltd,
through the acquisition of the outstanding 50% interest. The company,
which was already operated by Shell, produces styrene monomer and
propylene oxide. The buyout enables integration with and optimisation
of Shell's existing asset base on Jurong Island, in Singapore, allowing
for future growth. With our partner Qatar Petroleum, we have decided
not to proceed with the Al Karaana petrochemicals project in Qatar.

Our Raizen joint venture in Brazil has commissioned a second-
generation biofuels plant, which will use technology from logen Energy
to produce about 40 million litres of cellulosic ethanol a year from
leaves, bark and other sugar cane waste. Additionally, Raizen
acquired the fuel distributor Distribuidora Latina and its 200-plus retail
stations

We continued to review our portfolio to divest positions that fail to
deliver competitive performance or no longer meet our longer-term
strategic objectives

We sold the majority of our Downstream businesses in Australia and
ltaly. In Australia we retained the aviation business; in Italy we retained
the lubricants business.

We sold our shareholdings in the Kralupy and Litvinov refineries in the
Czech Republic. We announced the intention to explore viable options
for the Port Dickson refinery in Malaysia (Shell interest 51%), including
the potential sale or conversion of operations to a storage terminal

We signed an agreement to sell our retail, commercial fuels and
bitumen businesses and supply terminals in Norway to ST1. They will
continue to operate under the Shell brand. We intend to continue to


--- Page 37 ---

DOWNSTREAM

DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED

operate the aviation business as a joint venture with ST1. The Gasnor,
marine and lubricants businesses are not included in the agreement

We have announced our intention to sell the Fredericia refinery, retail,
aviation and commercial fuels businesses in Denmark. We intend to
continue to sell lubricants via a distributor

BUSINESS AND PROPERTY

Refining

We have interests in 24 refineries worldwide with the capacity to
process a total of over 3.1 million barrels of crude oil per day (Shell
share). Approximately 35% of our refining capacity is in Europe and
Africa, with 39% in the Americas and 26% in Asia and Oceania

The Port Arthur refinery in Texas, USA, owned by Motiva Enterprises LLC
(Shell interest 50%), is the largest refinery in North America and includes
one of the world’s largest singlesite base oil manufacturing plants.

Pipelines

Shell Pipeline Company owns and operates seven tank farms across
the USA and transports more than 1.5 billion barrels of crude oil and
refined products a year through 3,800 miles of pipelines in the Gulf of
Mexico and five US states. Our various non-operated ownership
interests provide a further 8,000 pipeline miles and offer opportunities
for sharing best practices with other pipeline operators

We carry more than 40 types of crude oil and more than 20 grades of
gasoline, as well as diesel fuel, aviation fuel, chemicals and ethylene.

Shell Midstream Partners L.P., was formed to own, operate, develop
and acquire pipelines and other midstream assets, and was listed on
the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “SHLX” on
October 29, 2014. The partnership's initial assets, which include a
portion of Shell's interest in four pipelines that transport crude oil and
refined products offshore from the Gulf of Mexico and along the US
Gulf Coast and East Coast, consist of interests in entities that own
crude oil and refined products pipelines which serve as key
infrastructure for transporting growing volumes of oil, produced
onshore and offshore, to Gulf Coast refining markets. It also delivers
refined products from those refineries to major demand centres. Shell
controls the general partner and holds a majority share in the limited
partnership.

Marketing

RETAIL

There were close to 43,000 Shell-branded retail stations in over

70 countries at the end of 2014. We have more than 100 years’
experience in fuel development. In recent years, we have concentrated
on developing fuels with special formulations designed to clean
engines and improve performance. We sell such fuels under the Shell
V-Power brand in more than 60 countries

LUBRICANTS

Across approximately 100 countries we make, market or sell
technically-advanced lubricants not only for passenger cars, trucks and
coaches but also for industrial machinery in the manufacturing, mining,
power generation, agriculture and construction sectors

We lead the global market in branded lubricants. Our passenger car
and heavy-duty engine oil brands are the most popular in the USA and
China — the world’s largest markets for lubricants

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

We have a global lubricants supply chain with a network of eight
base oil manufacturing plants, 50 lubricant blending plants, 18 grease
plants and four gas-to-liquids base oil storage hubs.

Through our marine activities we primarily provide lubricants, but also
fuels and related technical services, to the shipping and maritime
sectors. We supply almost 100 grades of lubricants and 10 types of
fuel to vessels worldwide, ranging from large ocean-going tankers to
small fishing boats

BUSINESS TO BUSINESS

Our Business to Business (2B) activities encompass the sale of fuels
and speciality products and services to a broad range of commercial
customers.

Shell Aviation fuels more than 7,000 aircraft every day at
approximately 800 airports in around 40 countries. On average, we
refuel an aircraft every 12 seconds

Shell Gas (LPG) provides liquefied petroleum gas and related services
to retail, commercial and industrial customers for cooking, heating,
lighting and transport

Shell Commercial Fuels provides transport, industrial and heating fuels
Our range of products, from reliable main-grade fuels to premium
products, can offer tangible benefits. These include fuel economy,
enhanced equipment performance, reduction in maintenance frequency
and costs as well as environmental benefits, such as reduced
emissions. We continue to pursue opportunities in the LNG for
transport sector, developing projects that provide us and our customers
with the best commercial value. Shell is the first customer of a new,
ledicated LNG for transport infrastructure at the Gas Access to Europe
(Gate) terminal in the port of Rotterdam in the Netherlands. Shell has
committed to buy capacity from the Gate terminal, which has enabled
nvestment in the terminal expansion

Shell Bitumen supplies on average 11,000 tonnes of products every
lay to 1,600 customers worldwide and invests in technology research
and development to create innovative products

Shell Sulphur Solutions is a business which manages the complete
value chain of sulphur, from refining to marketing. The business
provides sulphur for industries such as mining and textiles and also
jlevelops new products which incorporate sulphur, such as fertilisers

ALTERNATIVE ENERGIES

Raizen, our joint venture in Brazil, produces ethanol from sugar cane,
and manages a retail network. With an annual production capacity of
more than 2 billion litres, it is one of the largest biofuel producers in
the world. We investigate alternative energy technologies with a long-
term view to develop them into profitable business opportunities. We
were one of the first companies to invest in advanced biofuels and
continue to research and explore the potential of hydrogen as a fuel

Chemicals

MANUFACTURING

Our plants produce a range of base chemicals, including ethylene,
propylene and aromatics, as well as intermediate chemicals, such as
styrene monomer, propylene oxide, solvents, detergent alcohols,
ethylene oxide and ethylene glycol. We have the capacity to produce
nearly 6 million tonnes of ethylene a year


--- Page 38 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

MARKETING

Wee sell petrochemicals to about 1,000 major industrial customers
worldwide. Our Chemicals business is one of the top 10 chemicals
enterprises in the world by revenue. Its products are used to make
numerous everyday items, from clothing and cars to detergents and
bicycle helmets

Trading and Supply
We trade in physical and financial contracts, lease storage and
transportation capacities, and manage shipping activities globally

With more than 1,500 storage tanks and approximately

150 distribution facilities in around 25 countries, our supply and
distribution infrastructure is well positioned to make deliveries around
the world. This includes supplying feedstocks for our refineries and
chemical plants and finished products such as gasoline, diesel and
aviation fuel to our Marketing businesses and customers

DOWNSTREAM BUSINESS ACTIVITIES WITH IRAN,
SUDAN AND SYRIA

lran
Shell transactions with Iran are disclosed separately. See
"Section 1 3(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Disclosure”

Sudan

We ceased all operational activities in Sudan in 2008. We have,
however, continued soil remediation in 2014 related to earlier
operations in the country.

Syria

We are in compliance with all EU and US sanctions. We supply
limited quantities of polyols via a Netherlands-based distributor to
private sector customers in Syria. Polyols are commonly used for the
production of foam in mattresses and soft furnishings

DOWNSTREAM DATA TABLES

The tables below reflect Shell subsidiaries, the 50% Shell interest in
Motiva in the USA and instances where Shell owns the crude oil or
feedstocks processed by a refinery. Other joint ventures and associates
are only included where explicitly stated

OIL PRODUCTS - COST OF CRUDE OIL

PROCESSED OR CONSUMED [A] $ PER BARREL
2014 2013 2012
Total 82.76 90.36 106.82

[A] Includes Upstream margin on crude oil supplied by Shell subsidiaries, joint ventures ond
associates.

CRUDE DISTILLATION

CAPACITY [A] THOUSAND B/CALENDAR DAY [B]

2014 2013 2012
Europe 1,033 1,033 1,084
Asia 810 810 664
Oceania 80 118 158
Africa 82 82 83
Americas 1,212 1,212 1,212
Total 3,217 3,255 3,201

[A] Average operating capacity for the year
[B] Calendar day capacity is the maximum sus
downtime.

luding mothballed capacity
nable capacity adjusted for normal unit

DOWNSTREAM

ETHYLENE CAPACITY [A] THOUSAND TONNES/YEAR

2014 2013 2012
Europe 1,659 1,659 1,659
Asia 1,922 1,922 1,922
Oceania = - -
Africa = - -
Americas 2,212 2,212 2,212
Total 5,793 5,793 5,793

[A] Includes the Shell share of capacity entitlement [offtake rights] of joint ventures and
which may be different from nominal equity interest. Nominal capacity is quoted as
at December 31

1ss0C

OIL PRODUCTS - CRUDE OIL

PROCESSED [A] THOUSAND B/D

2014 2013 2012

Europe 941 1,010 1,069
Asia 688 706 761
Oceania 59 116 93
Africa 69 61 70
Americas 1,149 1,100 1,024
Total 2,906 2,993 3,017

[A] Includes natural gas liquids, share of joint ventures and associates and processing for
others

REFINERY PROCESSING

INTAKE [A] THOUSAND B/D
2014 2013 2012

Crude oil 2,716 2,732 2,620
Feedstocks 187 183 199
Total 2,903 2,915 2,819
Europe 941 933 970
Asia 639 634 520
Oceania 64 105 150
Africa 69 54 62
Americas 1,190 1,189 1,117
Total 2,903 2,915 2,819

[A] Includes crude oil, natural gas liquids and feedstocks processed in crude distillation units
and in secondary conversion units.

REFINERY PROCESSING

OUTTURN [A] THOUSAND B/D

2014 2013 2012

Gasolines 1,049 1,049 995
Kerosines 331 368 321
Gas/Diesel oils 1,047 1,014 996
Fuel oil 316 274 256
Other 395 389 452
Total 3,138 3,094 3,020

[A] Excludes “own use" and products acquired for blending purposes.


--- Page 39 ---

DOWNSTREAM SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014
DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED
2014 2013 2012 2014 2013 2012
Europe Europe
Gasolines 405 Al5 450 Base chemicals 3,287 3,423 3,771
Kerosines 264 226 234 First-line derivatives and others 2,019 2,281 2,626
Gas/Diesel oils 841 962 909 Total 5,306 5,704 6,397
Fuel oil 176 194 180 Asia
Other products 205 168 184 Base chemicals 2,220 2,266 2,588
Total 1,891 1,965 1,957 First-line derivatives and others 2,901 2,989 3,074
Asia Total 5,121 5,255 5,662
Gasolines 343 325 352 Oceania
Kerosines 191 191 172 Base chemicals = - -
Gas/Diesel oils SIS 483 515 First-line derivatives and others 35 62 75
Fuel oil 325 322 355 Total 35 62 75
Other products 441 255 220. Africa
Total 1,815 1,576 1,614 Base chemicals = - -
Oceania First-line derivatives and others 43 47 54
Gasolines 52 87 93 Total 43 47 54
Kerosines 48 5] A8 Americas
Gas/Diesel oils 64 115 107 Base chemicals 3,251 3,218 3,336
Fuel oil - - 4 First-line derivatives and others 3,252 3,100 3,145
Other products 10 19 26 Total 6,503 6,318 6,481
Total 174 272 278 Total product sales
Africa Base chemicals 8,758 8,907 9,695
Gasolines 36 45 58 First-line derivatives and others 8,250 8,479 8,974
Kerosines 9 9 16 Total 17,008 17,386 18,669
Gas/Diesel oils 52 43 53 [A] Excludes feedstock trading and by-products
Fuel oil = 3 9
Other products 7 15 13
Total 104 115 149
Americas
Gasolines 1,268 1,149 1,123
Kerosines 206 234 264
Gas/Diesel oils 583 519 528
Fuel oil 68 96 89
Other products 256 238 233
Total 2,381 2,236 2,237
Total product sales [B]
Gasolines 2,104 2,021 2,076
Kerosines 718 711 734
Gas/Diesel oils 2,055 2,122 2,112
Fuel oil 569 615 637
Other products 919 695 676
Total 6,365 6,164 6,235

[A] Excludes deliveries to other companies under reciprocal sale and purchase arrangements,
which are in the nature of exchanges. Sales of condensate and natural gas liquids are

ncluded

[B] Certain contracts are held for trading purposes and reported net rather than gross. The
effect in 2014 was a reduction in oil product sales of 1,067,000 b/d (2013: 921,000 b/d;
2012: 856,000 b/d).



--- Page 40 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014 DOWNSTREAM

MANUFACTURING PLANTS AT DECEMBER 31, 2014

REFINERIES IN OPERATION

Thousand barrels/calendar day, 100% capacity[B]

Thermal
Crude cracking/
Asset Shell distillation _visbreaking/ Catalytic Hydro-
Location class interest (%J[A] capacity coking cracking —_cracking
Europe
Denmark Fredericia e 100 63 40 - -
Germany Harburg e 100 58 14 - -
Miro [C] 32 310 65 89 -
Rheinland me 100 325 44 - 80
Schwedt [C] 38 220 47 50 -
Netherlands Pernis me 100 404 45 48 81
Asia
Japan Mizue (Toa) [C] °¢ 18 64 24 38 -
Yamaguchi [C] r 13 110 - 25 -
Yokkaichi [C] ee 2 234 - 55 -
Malaysia Port Dickson + 5] 107 - 39 -
Pakistan Karachi [C] 30 43 - - -
Philippines Tabangao 67 96 31 - -
Saudi Arabia Al Jubail [C] °¢ 50 292 85 - 45
Singapore Pulau Bukom me 100 462 77 34 55
Africa
South Africa Durban [C] ¢ 38 165 23 34 =
Americas
Argentina Buenos Aires °¢ 100 100 18 20 -
Canada
Alberta Scotford + 100 92 - - 62
Ontario Sarnia ¢ 100 7\ 5 19 9
USA
California Martinez e 100 144 42 65 37
Louisiana Convent [C] ¢ 50 227 - 82 AS
Norco [C] . 50 229 25 107 39
Texas Deer Park me 50 312 79 63 53
Port Arthur [C] e 50 569 138 81 67
Washington Puget Sound °¢ 100 137 23 52 =

centage point; Shell share of production capacity may differ.
Yainable capacity adjusted for normal unit downtime

[A] Shell interest rounded to nearest whal
[B] Calendar day capacity is the maximum
[C] Not operated by Shel

I Integrated ref
© Refinery cor

ry and chemical complex
lex with cogeneration capacity
@ Refinery complex with chemical unis.



--- Page 41 ---

DOWNSTREAM SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

DOWNSTREAM CONTINUED

Thousand tonnes/year, Shell share capacity

Styrene Ethylene Higher Additional
Location Ethylene monomer glycol olefins[B] products
Europe
Germany Rheinland 272 - - - A
Netherlands Moerdijk [C] 972 725 155 - Al
UK Mossmorran [D] 415 - - - -
Stanlow [D] = = = 330 I
Asia
China Nanhai [D] 475 320 175 - A,1,P
Japan Yamaguchi [D] - - - 11 Al
Saudi Arabia Al Jubail [D] 366 400 - - AO
Singapore Jurong Island 281 1,069 1,005 - A,1,P,O
Pulau Bukom 800 = = = Al
Americas
Canada Scotford - 485 520 - Al
USA Deer Park 836 - - - Al
Geismar - - 400 920 I
Norco 1,376 = = = A
Total 5,793 2,999 2,255 1,261

[A] Shell share of capacity of subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates (Shell and non-Shell operated], excluding capacity of the Infineum additives joint ventures.
B] Higher olefins are linear alpha and internal olefins (prod 1 from CO-C2024]

[C] Due to a fire and separate breakdown of the steam boilers in 2014, Moerdijk was not fully in operation at December 31, 2014.

D] Not operated by Shell

l
l
[
l

A Momatics, lower olefins.
| Intermediates.
P Polyethylene, polypropylene:

© Ober.
Location Products
Europe
Germany Karlsruhe A
Schwedt A
Netherlands Pernis A, 1,0
Asia
Japan Kawasaki A, |
Yokkaichi A
Malaysia Bintulu I
Port Dickson A
Africa
South Africa Durban
Americas
Argentina Buenos Aires
Canada Samia A,
USA Martinez

Mobile
Puget Sound

—~ row

A Aromatics, lower olefins.
| Intermediates.
O Obher.


--- Page 42 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

CORPORATE

CORPORATE

EARNINGS $ MILLION

2014 2013 2012
Net interest and investment expense (913) (832) (1,001)
Foreign exchange (losses)/gains (263) (189) 169
Other — including taxation 1,020 1,393 629
Segment earnings (156) 372 (203)

OVERVIEW,

The Corporate segment covers the non-operating activities supporting
Shell. It comprises Shell's holdings and treasury organisation, including
its self-insurance activities as well as its headquarters and central
functions. All finance expense and income as well as related taxes are
included in the Corporate segment earnings rather than in the earnings
of the business segments

The holdings and treasury organisation manages many of the
Corporate entities and is the point of contact between Shell and the
external capital markets. It conducts a broad range of transactions —
from raising debt instruments to transacting foreign exchange. Treasury
centres in London, Singapore and Rio de Janeiro support these
activities

Headquarters and central functions provide business support in the
areas of communications, finance, health, human resources,
information technology, legal services, real estate and security. They
also provide support for the shareholder-related activities of the
Company. The central functions are supported by business service
centres located around the world which process transactions, manage
data and produce statutory returns, among other services. The majority
of the headquarters and central-function costs are recovered from the
business segments. Those costs that are not recovered are retained in
Corporate

EARNINGS 2014-2012

Segment earnings for 2014 were a loss of $156 million, compared
with a gain of $372 million in 2013 and a loss of $203 million in
2012

Net interest and investment expense increased by $81 million between
2013 and 2014. Interest expense was higher, mostly driven by new
bond issuances and additional finance leases, including those
assumed as a result of the acquisition of Repsol LNG businesses. These
effects were partly offset by an improvement in the liquidity premium
associated with currency swaps. In 2013, net interest and investment
expense decreased by $169 million compared with 2012. Interest
expense was lower, mostly driven by an increase in the amount of
interest capitalised due to the continued ramp-up of projects in
Australia and the Gulf of Mexico, and an improvement in the liquidity
premium associated with currency swaps. These effects were partly
offset by lower interest income:

Foreign exchange losses of $263 million in 2014 (2013: losses of
$189 million; 2012: gains of $169 million) were mainly due to the
impact of exchange rates on non-functional currency loans and cash
balances in operating units

Other earnings decreased by $373 million in 2014 compared with
2013, mainly due to lower tax credits. In 2013, other earnings were
$764 million higher than in 2012, mainly due to a Danish tax credit
and the recharge to the business segments of certain costs which were
previously reported in Corporate


--- Page 43 ---

UQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES

We manage our businesses to deliver strong cash flows to fund
investment for profitable growth. Our aim is that, across the business
cycle, “cash in” {including cash from operations and divestments} at
least equals “cash out" (including capital expenditure, interest and
dividends), while maintaining a strong balance sheet

Gearing, calculated as net debt (total debt less cash and cash

equivalents) as a percentage of total capital (net debt plus total equity),

is a key measure of our capital structure. Across the business cycle we
aim to manage gearing within a range of 0-30%. During 2014,

1.7% to 16.1% (2013: 9.1% to 16.1%). See
4 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

gearing ranged from |
Note 1

With respect to the objective of maintaining a strong balance sheet,
our priorities for applying our cash are servicing debt commitments,
paying dividends, investing for organic and inorganic growth, and
returning surplus cash to our shareholders.

OVERVIEW

The most significant factors affecting our operating cash flow are
earnings and movements in working capital, which are mainly
impacted by: realised prices for crude oil and natural gas; production
levels of crude oil and natural gas; and refining and marketing
margins

Since the contribution of Upstream to earnings is larger than that of
Downstream, changes affecting Upstream — particularly changes in
realised crude oil and natural gas prices and production levels — have
the largest impact on Shell's operating cash flow. While Upstream
benefits from higher realised crude oil and natural gas prices, the
extent of such benefit (and the extent of an impact from a decline in

these prices) depends on: the extent to which contractual arrangements

are tied to market prices; the dynamics of production-sharing contracts;
the existence of agreements with governments or national oil and gas
companies that have limited sensitivity to crude oil prices; tax impacts;
and the extent to which changes in commodity prices flow through into
operating costs. Changes in benchmark prices of crude oil and natural
gas in any particular period therefore provide only a broad indicator
of changes in Upstream earnings experienced in that period. In the
longer term, replacement of proved oil and gas reserves will affect our
ability to maintain or increase production levels in Upstream, which in
turn will affect our cash flow and earnings

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

In Downstream, changes in any one of a range of factors derived from
either within the industry or the broader economic environment can
influence margins. The precise impact of any such changes depends
on how the oil markets respond to them. The market response is
affected by factors such as: whether the change affects all crude oil
types or only a specific grade; regional and global crude-oil and
refined-products inventories; and the collective speed of response of
the industry refiners and product marketers in adjusting their operations
As a result, refinery and marketing margins fluctuate from region to
region and from period to period. Downstream earnings are reported
on a current cost of supplies basis, which excludes the effect of
changes in the oil price on inventory carrying amounts. However, cash
flow from operations is not affected by the reporting basis.

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Net cash from operating activities in 2014 was $45.0 billion, an
increase from $40.4 billion in 2013. There was a cash inflow from
working capital movements of $6.4 billion in 2014, compared with
2.9 billion in 2013. The decrease in net cash from operating
activities in 2013 compared with 2012 ($46.1 billion) mainly
reflected the reduction in earnings and lower dividends from joint
ventures and associates

Net cash used in investing activities was $19.7 billion in 2014, a
lecrease from $40.1 billion in 2013. The decrease was mainly the
result of lower capital expenditure ($8.3 billion) and higher proceeds
from the sale of assets ($8.7 billion). The increase in net cash used in
investing activities in 2013 compared with 2012 ($28.4 billion] was
mainly the result of higher capital expenditure and lower proceeds
from the sale of assets.

Net cash used in financing activities in 2014 was $12.8 billion
(2013: $9.0 billion; 2012: $10.6 billion). This included payment of
dividends to Royal Dutch Shell ple shareholders of $9.4 billion (2013
$7.2 billion; 2012: $7.4 billion), repurchases of shares of

$3.3 billion (2013: $5.0 billion; 2012: $1.5 billion) and interest
paid of $1.5 billion (2013: $1.3 billion; 2012: $1.4 billion), parlly
offset in 2014 by $1.0 billion received from the Shell Midstream
Partners, L.P. initial public offering and by net debt issued of $0.4
billion (2013: net debt issued of $5.4 billion; 2012: issued debt
offset by debt repaid)

Cash and cash equivalents were $21.6 billion at December 31,

2014 (2013: $9.7 billion; 2012: $18.6 billion)

CASH FLOW INFORMATION [A] $ BILLION

2014 2013 2012
Net cash from operating activities excluding working capital movements
Upstream 33.3 28.8 32.9
Downstream 45 7.5 8.0
Corporate 0.8 1.2 1.8
Total 38.6 37.5 42.7
Decrease/(increase) in inventories 8.0 0.6 (1.7)
(Increase)/decrease in current receivables (1.6) 5.6 14.1
Decrease in current payables - (3.3) (9.0)
Decrease in working capital 64 2.9 3.4
Net cash from operating activities 45.0 40.4 46.1
Net cash used in investing activities (19.7) (40.1) (28.4)
Net cash used in financing activities (12.8) (9.0) (10.6)
Currency translation differences relating to cash and cash equivalents {0.6} (0.2) 0.2
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 119 (8.9) 7.3
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year o7 18.6 11.3
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 21.6 O7 18.6

[A] See the "Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows’


--- Page 44 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY

Our financial position is strong. In 2014, we generated a return on
average capital employed (ROACE) of 7.1% (see “Return on average
capital employed" in this section) and year-end gearing was 12.2%
(2013: 16.1%). We returned $11.8 billion to our shareholders
through dividends in 2014. Some of those dividends were paid out as
64.6 million shares issued to shareholders who had elected to receive
new shares instead of cash. To offset the dilution created by the
issuance of those shares, 87.7 million shares were repurchased and
cancelled as part of our share buyback programme. In May 2014, we
announced the cancellation of our Scrip Dividend Programme. As a
result, the second and third quarter 2014 interim dividends have been,
and the fourth quarter 2014 interim dividend will be, settled entirely in
cash, rather than offering a share-based alternative. In March 2015,
we announced that the Scrip Dividend Programme is being
reintroduced with effect from the first quarter 2015 interim dividend
onwards.

The size and scope of our businesses require a robust financial control
framework and effective management of our various risk exposures.
Financial turbulence in the eurozone and the USA, and other
international events continue to put significant stress on the business
environment in which we operate

Our treasury and trading operations are highly centralised, and seek to
manage credit exposures associated with our substantial cash, foreign
exchange and commodity positions

We diversify our cash investments across a range of financial
instruments and counterparties in an effort to avoid concentrating risk in
any one type of investment or country. We carefully monitor our
investments and adjust them in light of new market information

Exposure to failed financial and trading counterparties was not
material in 2014 (see Note 19 to the “Consolidated Financial
Statements”)

Total employer contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in
2014 were $1.8 billion (2013: $2.6 billion) and are estimated to be
$2.0 billion in 2015, reflecting current funding levels. See Notes 3
and 17 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

Cash and cash equivalents amounted to $21.6 billion at the end of
2014 (2013: $9.7 billion). Cash and cash equivalents are held in
various currencies but primarily in dollars, euros and sterling. Total
debt increased by $1.0 billion in 2014 to $45.5 billion at
December 31, 2014. The total debt outstanding (excluding leases) at
December 31, 2014, will mature as follows: 18% in 2015; 10% in
2016; 10% in 2017; 15% in 2018; and 47% in 2019 and beyond
The debt maturing in 2015 is expected to be repaid from a
combination of cash balances and cash generated from operations.

We also maintain a $7.48 billion committed credit facility that was
undrawn as at December 31, 2014. Following a one-year extension
agreed in November 2014, the facility currently expires in 2019, but
may in November 2015, by mutual agreement, be extended for one
further year

UQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

We believe our current working capital is sufficient for present
requirements. We satisfy our funding and working capital requirements
from the cash generated by our businesses and through the issuance of
external debt. Our external debt is principally financed from the
international debt capital markets through central debt programmes
consisting of:

= a $10 billion global commercial paper (CP) programme, exempt
from registration under section 3 {a}[3) of the US Securities Act of
1933, with maturities not exceeding 270 days;

= a $10 billion CP programme, exempt from registration under section
Al2) of the US Securities Act of 1933, with maturities not exceeding
397 days;

a $25 billion euro medium-term note (EMTN) programme; and

= an unlimited US universal shelf (US shelf) registration

All CP, EMTN and US shelf issuances have been undertaken by Shell
International Finance B.V., the issuance company for Shell, with its
debt being guaranteed by Royal Dutch Shell ple

Further information is included in Note 14 to the “Consolidated
Financial Statements”

In 2014, we took advantage of relatively favourable market conditions
in the European market [compared with the US market) and issued

$6.4 billion of bonds under our EMTN programme, parlly to pre-
finance bond maturities in 2015. Periodically, for working capital
purposes, we issued commercial paper (2013: we issued commercial
paper and $7.75 billion of long-term bonds)

Our $7.48 billion committed credit facility and internally available
liquidity provide back-up coverage for commercial paper. Other than
certain borrowings in local subsidiaries, we do not have any other
committed credit facilities. We consider additional facilities to be
neither necessary nor costeffective for financing purposes, given our
size, credit rating and cash-generative nature

The maturity profile of our outstanding commercial paper is actively
managed in an effort to ensure that the amount of commercial paper
maturing within 30 days remains consistent with the level of supporting
liquidity

While our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions, such as foreign
withholding taxes on the transfer of funds in the form of cash dividends,
loans or advances, such restrictions are not expected to have a
material impact on our ability to meet our cash obligations.

The consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges of Shell for each of
five years ended December 31, 2010-2014, is as follows

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

2014 2013 2012 2011-2010

Ratio of earnings to fixed

charges 1441 20.11 31.12 35.71 21.75

For the purposes of the table above, earnings consist of pre-tax income
from continuing operations (before adjustment for non-controlling
interest) plus fixed charges (excluding capitalised interest) less
undistributed income of joint ventures and associates. Fixed charges
consist of expensed and capitalised interest (excluding accretion
expense] plus interest within rental expenses (for operating leases}
Refer to “Exhibit 7.1" regarding the calculation of the ratio of earnings
to fixed charges


--- Page 45 ---

UQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
CONTINUED

CAPITALISATION TABLE $ MILLION

Dec31,2014. Dec 31, 2013

Equity attributable to Royal Dutch Shell
ple shareholders 171,966 180,047
Current debt 7,208 8,344
Non-current debt 38,332 36,218
Total debt [A] 45,540 4,562
Total capitalisation 217,506 224,609

[A] Of total debt, $39.5 billion (2013: $40.0 billion} was unsecured and $6.0 billion (2013:
$4.6 billion} was secured. Further disclosure on debi, including the amount guaranteed by
Royal Dutch Shell ple, is in Note 14 to the “Consolidated Financial Siatemer

DIVIDENDS

Our policy is to grow the US dollar dividend through time in line with
our view of Shell’s underlying earnings and cash flow. When setting
the dividend, the Board of Directors looks at a range of factors,
including the macro environment, the current balance sheet and future
investment plans. We have announced an interim dividend in respect
of the fourth quarter of 2014 of $0.47 per share, a 4.4% increase
compared with the US dollar dividend for the same quarter of 2013
The Board expects that the first quarter 2015 interim dividend will be
$0.47 per share, in line with the same quarter of 2014

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT

The reduction in net capital investment in 2014 compared with 2013
was driven by higher proceeds from divestments and lower capital
investment. See "Non-GAAP measures reconciliations”

NET CAPITAL INVESTMENT $ MILLION

2014 2013
Upstream 20,704 39,217
Downstream 3,079 4,885
Corporate 116 201
Total 23,899 44 303
PURCHASES OF SECURITIES

At the 2014 Annual General Meeting (AGM), shareholders granted
an authority, which will expire at the end of the 2015 AGM, for the
Company to repurchase up to 633 million of its shares. Under this
authority, and a similar authority granted at the 2013 AGM, in 2014
we continued a share buyback programme to offset the dilution
created by the issuance of shares under our Scrip Dividend
Programme. All of the shares purchased under the buyback programme
are cancelled. A resolution will be proposed at the 2015 AGM to
renew authority for the Company to purchase its own share capital up
to specified limits for another year. Shares are also purchased by the
employee share ownership trusts and trustlike entities (see the
"Directors’ Report”) to meet delivery commitments under employee
share plans. All share purchases are made in open-market transactions

The table below provides information on purchases of shares in 2014
and up to February 17, 2015, by the issuer and affiliated purchasers
Purchases in euros and sterling are converted into dollars using the
exchange rate at each transaction date

PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS [A]

A shares B shares AADSs
Number Number Number
purchased Number Weighted purchased Number Weighted purchased Weighted
foremployee purchased average _—_for employee purchased everoge for employee everoge
Purchase period share plans for cancellation{C] price ($I[B] share plans for cancellation] _ price ($I[B] _share plans price ($)[8]
2014
January - - - - 10,838,990 37.58 938,671 70.81
February - - - - 14,335,172 38.02 - -
March - - - - 7,254,411 38.97 - -
April - - - - - - - -
May - 3,900,000 39.68 - - - - -
June - 5,566,873 40.35 - - - - -
July - 4,758,786 40.97 - - - - -
August - 5,611,290 40.01 - - - - -
September 300,000 11,000,929 38.80 784,300 - 39.64 79,073 76.29
October 123,925 21,734,700 35.61 2,058,620 - 31.16 - -
November - - - - - - - -
December 283,600 2,705,000 32.21 149,740 - 35.1 89,253 68.30
Total 2014 707,525 55,277,578 37.72 2,992,660 32,428,573 37.70 1,106,997 1.00
2015
January - 12,717,512 32.15 - - - 1,133,754 65.00
February - - - - - - - -
Total 2015 [D] - 12,717,512 32.15 = - - 133,754 65.00

[A] Excludes shares issued to affiliated purchasers pursuant to the Scrip Dividend Programme:
[B] Average price paid per share includes stamp duty and brokers’ commission

[C] Under the share buyback programme:

[D] As at February 17, 2015



--- Page 46 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The table below summarises Shell's principal contractual obligations at
December 31, 2014, by expected settlement period. The amounts
presented have not been offset by any committed third-party revenue in
relation to these obligations.

CONTRACT! OBLIGATIONS $ BILLION
less Between Between 5 years
than land3 3and5 and
lyear years years later Total
Debt [A] 67 77 87 15.0 38.1
Finance leases [B] 11 19 17 6.3 11.0
Operating leases [C] 5.7 91 6.1 99 30.8
Purchase obligations [D] 119.5 664 462 170.0 402.1
Other long-term
contractual liabilities [E] = 09 04 03 #16
Total 133.0 86.0 63.1 201.5 483.6

[A] Contractual repayments excluding $6.7 billion of finance lease obligations. See Note 14
to the "Consolidated Financial Statements

[B] Includes interest. See Note 14 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

[C] See Note 14 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements"

{D] Includes all significant items, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed,
minimum or any agreement to purchase goods and services that is enforceable, legally binding
and specifies variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the purchase

[E] Includes all obligations included in “Trade and other payables’ in “Non-current liabilities"
on the “Consolidated Balance Sheet" that are contractually fixed as to timing and amount. In
addition fo these amounts, Shell has certain obligations that are not contractually fixed as to
timing and amount, including contributions to defined benefit pension plans see Note 17 to
the “Consolidated Financial Statements") and obligations associated with decommissioning
and restoration (see Note 18 fo the “Consolidated Financial Statements”)

The table above excludes interest expense related to debt, which is
estimated to be $1.1 billion payable in less than one year,

$2.0 billion payable between one and three years, $1.5 billion
payable between three and five years, and $7.1 billion payable in
five years and later. For this purpose, we assume that interest rates with
respect fo variable interest rate debt remain constant at the rates in
effect at December 31, 2014, and that there is no change in the
aggregate principal amount of debt other than repayment at scheduled
maturity as reflected in the table

GUARANTEES AND OTHER OFF-BALANCE SHEET
ARRANGEMENTS

Guarantees at December 31, 2014, were $3.3 billion (2013
$3.1 billion). This includes $1.6 billion (2013: $2.2 billion) of
guarantees of debt of joint ventures and associates, for which the
largest amount outstanding during 2014 was $2.2 billion
(2013: $2.2 billion)

UQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

RETURN ON AVERAGE CAPITAL EMPLOYED

ROACE measures the efficiency of Shell's utilisation of the capital that it
employs. In this calculation, ROACE is defined as income for the
period adjusted for after-tax interest expense as a percentage of the
average capital employed for the period. The tax rate used is Shell's
effective tax rate for the period. Capital employed consists of total
equity, current debt and non-current debt

CALCULATION OF RETURN ON AVERAGE
CAPITAL EMPLOYED $ MILLION
2014 2013 2012
Income for the period 14,730 16,526 26,960
Interest expense after tax 938 808 938
Income before interest expense 15,668 17,334 27 898
Capital employed - opening 225,710 213,936 197,141
Capital employed — closing 218,326 225,710 213,936
Capital employed - average 222,018 219,823 205,539
ROACE 7.1% 7.9% 13.6%

In 2014, about 32% of our average capital employed was not
generating any revenue, which reduced our ROACE by approximately
4%. These assets included projects being developed and exploration
acreage

FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ROYAL
DUTCH SHELL DIVIDEND ACCESS TRUST

The results of operations and financial position of the Royal Dutch Shell
Dividend Access Trust {the Trust) are included in the consolidated results
of operations and financial position of Shell. Certain condensed
financial information in respect of the Trust is given below. See “Royal
Dutch Shell Dividend Access Trust Financial Statements” for separate
financial statements for the Trust.

For the years 2014, 2013 and 2012 the Trust recorded income
before tax of £2,470 million, £2,361 million and £2,383 million
respectively. In each period this reflected the amount of dividends
received on the dividend access share

At December 31, 2014, the Trust had total equity of £nil (2013: £nil;
2012: £nil), reflecting cash of £1,497,815 (2013: £1,333,658;
2012: £1,202,271) and unclaimed dividends of £1,497,815
(2013: £1,333,658; 2012: £1,202,271). The Trust only records a
liability for an unclaimed dividend, and a corresponding amount of
cash, to the extent that cheques expire, which is one year after their
issuance, or to the extent that they are returned unpresented


--- Page 47 ---

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

Our success in business depends on our ability to meet a range of
environmental and social challenges. We must show we can operate
safely and manage the effect our activities can have on neighbouring
communities and society as a whole. If we fail to do this, we may incur
liabilities or sanctions, lose business opportunities, harm our reputation
or our licence to operate may be impacted

The Shell General Business Principles (Principles) include a commitment
to sustainable development that involves balancing short and long-term
interests, and integrating economic, environmental and social aspects
into our business decisions. We have rigorous standards and a firm
governance structure in place to help manage potential impacts. We
also work with communities, business partners, non-governmental
organisations and other bodies to address potential impacts and share
the benefits of our operations and projects:

Data in this section are reported on a 100% basis in respect of
activities where we are the operator. Reporting on this operational
control basis differs from that applied for financial reporting purposes
in the “Consolidated Financial Statements". Detailed data and
information on our 2014 environmental and social performance will be
published in April 2015 in the Shell Sustainability Report

SAFETY

Sustaining our licence to operate depends on maintaining the safety
and reliability of our operations. We manage safety risk across our
businesses through controls and compliance systems combined with a
safety-focused culture. Our global standards and operating procedures
define the controls and physical barriers we require to prevent
incidents. For example, our offshore wells are designed with at least
two independent barriers to mitigate the risk of an uncontrolled release
of hydrocarbons. We regularly inspect, test and maintain these barriers
to ensure they meet our standards. We also routinely prepare and
practise our emergency response to potential incidents such as an oil
spill or a fire. This involves working closely with local agencies to
jointly test our plans and procedures. The tests continually improve our
readiness to respond. If an incident does occur, we have procedures
in place to reduce the impact on people and the environment.

We continue to strengthen the safety culture among our employees and
contractors. We expect everyone working for us to intervene and stop
work that may appear to be unsafe. In addition to our ongoing safety
awareness programmes, we hold an annual global safety day to give
workers time to reflect on how to prevent incidents. We expect
everyone working for us to comply with our 12 mandatory Life-Saving
Rules. If employees break these rules, they face disciplinary action up
to and including termination of employment. If contractors break the
Life-Saving Rules, they can be removed from the worksite

While we continually work to minimise the likelihood of incidents,
some do occur, for example, there was an explosion at our Moerdijk
chemical site in the Netherlands in 2014. We investigate all incidents
to understand the underlying causes and translate these into
improvements in standards or ways of working that can be applied
broadly across similar facilities in Shell

CLIMATE CHANGE

Growth in energy demand means that all sources of energy will be
needed over the longer term. With hydrocarbons forecast to provide
the bulk of the energy needed over coming decades, policymakers are
focusing on regulations that balance energy demand with
environmental concerns. The management of emissions of carbon
dioxide (CO,] will become increasingly important as concerns over
climate change lead to tighter environmental regulation

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

We already assess potential costs associated with CO2 emissions when
evaluating projects. However, in future, governments may increasingly
impose a price on COz emissions that relevant companies will have to
incorporate in their investment plans and governments may also require
companies to apply technical measures to reduce their CO. emissions
This could result in higher energy, product and project costs. Currently
enacted, proposed and future legislation is also expected to increase the
cost of doing business. Furthermore, in our own operations, we are
working to understand the potential physical impact of climate change in
the future on our facilities and new projects.

As energy demand increases and easily accessible oil and gas
resources decline, we are developing resources that require more
energy and require advanced technology to produce. As our
production becomes more energy intensive, we expect there will be an
associated increase in the direct CO emissions from the Upstream
facilities we operate

We are seeking costeffective ways to manage CO, emissions and
see potential business opportunities in developing such solutions. Our
main contributions to reducing CO, emissions are in four areas
supplying more natural gas; supplying more biofuels; progressing
carbon capture and storage (CCS) technologies; and implementing
energy efficiency measures in our operations. To support this, we
continue to advocate the introduction of effective carbon pricing

According to the International Energy Agency (IEA}, almost 40% of
global primary energy is currently used to generate electricity. For
many countries, using more gas in power generation insteas of coal
can make the largest contribution, at the lowest cost, to meeting their
CO, emission reduction objectives. We expect that, in combination
with renewables and use of CCS, natural gas will be essential for
significantly lower CO2 emissions beyond 2020. With Shell's leading
position in liquified natural gas (LNG) and new technologies for
recovering gas from tight rock formations, we can supply natural gas to
replace coal in power generation

We believe that low-carbon biofuels are one of the most viable ways
to reduce CO, from transport fuels in the coming years. Our Raizen
joint venture in Brazil produces low-carbon biofuel from sugar cane.
We are also investing in research to help develop and commercialise
advanced biofuels.

The IEA has stated that CCS could contribute around 15% of the CO
mitigation effort required by 2050. To advance CCS technologies, Shell
is involved in CCS projects including the Quest project in Canada, the
Mongstad test centre in Norway and the Gorgon CO, injection project
in Australia. In 2012, we submitted a proposal for a project in
Peterhead, in the UK, to store COy in a depleted gas reservoir in the
North Sea. In 2014, Shell signed an agreement with the UK government
to progress detailed design of the Peterhead CCS project. It could
potentially capture and store around 10 million tonnes of CO2 over 10
years from a gas-fired power station. These projects are part of an
important demonstration phase for CCS, during which government
support is essential. Initiatives such as the European Union's acceptance
of CCS as an offsetting activity under the Clean Development
Mechanism are a positive step in progressing such technologies.

We continue to work on improving energy efficiency at our oil and gas
production projects, oil refineries and chemical plants. Measures
include our CO2 and energy management programme that focuses on
the efficient operation of existing equipment by using monitoring
systems which give us instant information that we can use to make
energy-saving changes

In addition, we work to help our customers conserve energy and
reduce their CO» emissions, including through the development and
sale of advanced fuels and lubricants.


--- Page 48 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

Our direct greenhouse gas (GHG} emissions increased from 73 million
tonnes of COz equivalent in 2013 to 76 million in 2014. The increase
in flaring, or burning off, of gas in our Upstream business was the main
contributor to this increase. The majority of this flaring takes place at
facilities where there is no infrastructure to capture the gas produced
with oil, known as associated gas. Gas flaring from these operations
may rise further in coming years if oil production increases

Most of the increase in flaring in 2014 relates to Majnoon in Iraq in
line with increased oil production. Majnoon represented around 35%
of our flaring in 2014. We have agreed two projects to capture most
of the associated gas from future production. The first project is
scheduled to be completed in 2015. We expect lower flaring levels
starting in 2016 when gas gathering equipment is operational

In parallel, our involvement in Basrah Gas Company (BGC], a joint
venture between Shell, South Gas Company and Mitsubishi
Corporation in the south of Iraq, continues to reduce flaring in the
country. It is the largest gas project in Iraq's history and the world’s
largest flaring reduction project. BGC captures associated gas that
would otherwise be flared from three non-operated oil fields in southern
Iraq (Rumaila, West Qurna 1 and Zubair) for use in the domestic
market

Around 30% of our flaring takes place in Nigeria, where a
challenging operating environment and shortfalls in funding from the
governmentowned Nigerian National Petroleum Company — which
has the majority interest in a joint arrangement operated by Shell
Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Ltd (SPDC) — has slowed
progress on projects that are expected to gather additional associated
gas currently flared

Greenhouse gas emissions data are provided below in accordance
with UK regulations introduced in 2013. Greenhouse gas emissions
comprise carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons,
perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride. The data are calculated
using locally regulated methods where they exist. Where there is no
locally regulated method, the data are calculated using the 2009 API
Compendium which is the recognised industry standard under the
GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. There
are inherent limitations to the accuracy of such data. Oil and gas
industry guidelines (IPIECA/API/OGP] indicate that a number of
sources of uncertainty can contribute to the overall uncertainty of a
corporate emissions’ inventory

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION

2014 2013
Emissions (million tonnes of CO, equivalent)
Direct [A] 7% 73
Energy indirect [B] 10 10
Intensity ratios (tonne/tonne)
All facilities [C] 0.23 0.22
Downstream refineries [D] 0.29 0.30
Upstream facilities [E] 0.14 0.12

[A] Emissions from the combustion of fuel and the operation of facilities

[B] Emissions from the purchase of electricity, heat, steam and cooling for our own use

[C] In tonnes of total direct and energy indirect emissions per tonne of crude oil and feedstocks
processed and petrochemicals produced in Downstream manufacturing, and oil and gas
produced and gas processed by gastoliquid facilities in Upsteam. The regulations require the
reporiing of a ratio which expresses the annual emissions in relation to a quantifiable factor
associated with our activities. However, oil and gas industry guidelines (IPIECA/API/OGP)
state that only presenting normalised environmental performance data separately for different
business activities would generally provide meaningful information. As a result, we are also
reporiing the most appropriate ratio for our Downstream and Upstream businesses

[D] In tonnes of direct and energy indirect emissions per tonne of crude oil and feedstocks
processed. The ratio includes chemical plants where they are integrated with refineries

[E] In tonnes of direct and energy indirect emissions per tonne of oil and gas produced. The
ratio excludes gastoliquids facilities

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

SPILLS

Large spills of crude oil, oil products and chemicals associated with
our operations can result in major clean-up costs as well as fines and
other damages. They can also affect our licence to operate and harm
our reputation. We have clear requirements and procedures designed
to prevent spills, and our asset integrity programmes include the
design, maintenance and operation of spill containment facilities.

Shell business units are responsible for organising and executing oil spill
responses in line with Shell guidelines as well as with relevant legal and
regulatory requirements. All our offshore installations have plans in place
to respond to a spill. These plans detail response strategies and
techniques, available equipment, and trained personnel and contracts.
We are able to call upon significant resources such as containment
booms, collection vessels and aircraft. We are also able to draw upon
the contracted services of oil spill response organisations, if required
We conduct regular exercises that seek to ensure these plans remain
effective. We have further developed our capability to respond to spills
to water, and maintain a Global Response Support Network to support
worldwide response capability. This is also supported by our global Oil
Spill Excellence Center, which tests local capability, and maintains
Shell's capability globally to respond to a significant incident.

Shell is a founding member of the Marine Well Containment Company,
a non-profit industry consortium providing a well-containment response
system for the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, Shell was a founding member
of the Subsea Well Response Project, an industry cooperative effort to
enhance global well-containment capabilities. The additional
well-containment capability developed by this project is now managed
by an industry consortium via Oil Spill Response Limited

Shell also maintains site-specific emergency response plans in the event
of an onshore spill. Like the offshore response plans, these are
designed to meet Shell guidelines as well as relevant legal and
regulatory requirements. They also provide for the initial assessment of
incidents and the mobilisation of resources needed to manage them

In 2014, the number of operational spills of more than 100 kilograms
decreased to 153 from 174 in 2013. At the end of February 2015,

there were three spills under investigation in Nigeria that may result in
adjustments

Although most oil spills in Nigeria result from sabotage and theft of
crude oil, there are instances where spills occur in our operations due
to operational failures, accidents or corrosion. SPDC responds to all oil
spills, regardless of the cause, originating in the area immediately
surrounding its pipelines and other facilities. It has been working to
reduce operational spills that are under its control. It maintains a public
website to track the response, investigation and clean-up of every spill
from its facilities due to operational failure, sabotage or theft.

In January 2015, SPDC announced a £55 million settlement
agreement with the Bodo community in respect of two operational
spills in 2008. The settlement provides for an individual payment to
each claimant who accepts the agreement in compensation for losses
arising from the spills, up to £35 million in total. The remaining

£20 million payment will be made for the benefit of the Bodo
community generally. In 2009, clean-up work took place, but we were
prevented from accessing some of the spill sites by the community, and
this area has subsequently seen additional spills as a result of oil theft
and sabotage. Divisions within the community and the litigation
process itself created further regrettable delays to the clean-up process.
With the support of the former Dutch Ambassador to Nigeria and the
involvement of the National Coalition on Gas Flaring and Oil Spills in
the Niger Delta (a federation of 25 Niger Delta environmental non-
governmental organisations), the community agreed to separate out the
clean-up activity from the litigation. Despite some further delays caused


--- Page 49 ---

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY
CONTINUED

by intra-community divisions, we are pleased that a clean-up plan
supported by the community is in place

HYDRAULIC FRACTURING

Over the last decade, we have expanded our onshore oil and gas
portfolio using advances in technology to access previously uneconomic
tightoil and gas resources, including those locked in shale formations.

One of the key technologies applied in tightoil and tightgas fields is
known as hydraulic fracturing, a technique that has been used since
the 1950s. It involves pumping a mixture of water, sand and chemical
additives at high pressure into a rock formation, creating tiny fissures
through which oil and gas can flow. To protect and isolate potable
groundwater from hydraulic-fracturing fluids in the wellbore, we line all
our wells with steel casing and cement.

All of our wells are expected to have two or more subsurface barriers
to protect groundwater. We monitor a wellbore’s integrity before,
during and after hydraulic fracturing. When we acquire assets, we
evaluate the assets’ wells for conformity with our safety and operating
principles, and put in place a plan with a timeline for rectifying any
inconsistencies as far as reasonably practical

We recycle or reuse as much water as we believe is reasonably
practical. We store, treat or dispose of water in accordance with
regulatory requirements and Shell standards

To the extent allowed by our suppliers, Shell supports full disclosure of
the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing fluids for Shell-operated wells.
Material Safety Data Sheet information is available on site where wells
are being hydraulically fractured. Shell supports regulation to require
suppliers to release such information. The chemicals used in hydraulic
fracturing will vary from well to well and from contractor to contractor,
but some can be toxic. For that reason, we have stringent procedures for
handling hydraulic-fracturing chemicals in accordance with the design
and assurance processes described above. The formations into which
these additives may be injected are typically more than a thousand
metres below freshwater aquifers. Our procedures require that potable
groundwater must be isolated from well completion and production
activities. Moreover, we only use air, water or a water-based liquid
while drilling through the potable groundwater aquifer to a depth below
the aquifer. The casing and cement are then put in place before drilling
is resumed and hydraulic fracturing is initiated

There have been reports linking hydraulic fracturing to earth tremors.
Most seismic events occur naturally due to motion along faults under
stress in the earth's crust. Some areas are more seismically active than
others. Shell analyses publicly available seismic, geologic and
geophysical data to determine historical seismicity in areas where we
plan to operate, and if seismic activity beyond historic levels is
detected, we will investigate and review our operations

Some jurisdictions are considering more stringent permitting, well-
construction and other regulations relating to fracturing, as well as
local bans and other land use restrictions. Such regulations could
subject our operations to delays, increased costs or prohibitions. We
have adopted a set of operating principles for all of our onshore tight
oil and gas operations. Our current standards meet or exceed the
existing regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions where we operate.

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

OIL SANDS

We are developing mineable oil sands resources in Alberta, Canada
We use an aqueous extraction method [i.e. warm water] to extract
bitumen, which is a heavy oil. Tailings are the residual by-products that
remain after the bitumen is separated from the mined oil sands ore. They
are composed of some residual bitumen, water, sand, silt, clay particles
and naturally occurring trace heavy metals. Tailings are stored in an
above-ground tailings’ facilities until the mined-out pit area can be
backfilled with tailings materials and fluids. This in-pit backfilling process
begins approximately eight to10 years after mining has started. This time
allows for mining to progress enough to allow for containment to be built
after the area is mined, and for tailings material to be placed as mining
continues to advance. Tailings contain naturally occurring chemicals that
are toxic. We monitor tailings continuously, assess their potential
environmental impact, and take measures to protect wildlife and to
mitigate the potential for contamination of surface water and
groundwater.

In addition, tailings facilities serve an important purpose in the operation,
as they allow water to be recycled, reducing the amount of water
required from the river. Over 75% of the water used in our oil sands
mining operations is recycled from the tailings’ facilities at our mines

The tailings management areas at the Athabasca Oil Sands Project's
Muskeg River and Jackpine mines cover an area of 37 square
kilometres. The increase in area from 24 square kilometres in 2014
aligns with the development plans for both project sites. Of the

37 square kilometres, six square kilometres are part of the in-pit
backfilling process and two square kilometres have been allocated to
processing or drying of fluid tailings as part of our atmospheric fines
drying process. We estimate that the tailings’ footprint will start to
decrease between 2020 to 2025 as the external tailings facilities start
to be reclaimed and tailings materials are deposited in pit as part of
the in-pit backfilling process.

Alberta regulations require that the land which is disturbed must be
reclaimed — for example, through revegetation or reforestation — to a
capability equivalent to that which existed prior to development. Dried
tailings can be blended and treated to produce material suitable for
use in land reclamation. We continue to experience challenges with
tailings that have a high percentage of fine particles and liquid
content. We are working with the Alberta Government and the Alberta
Energy Regulator to ensure that we are in compliance with all oil sands
regulatory requirements, including those regarding tailings

In late 2010, we found water at the bottom of a section of a pit at the
Muskeg River Mine. The water was confirmed to be saline and to
originate from a deep aquifer below the mine pit. Upon discovery,
containment was built to ensure the water remained in the containment
area. There has been no inflow from or outflow to the aquifer since
January 2012 and the water is contained in the pit where it is
continuously monitored and poses minimal risk to the environment or
mine production processes. To enable use of the area where the inflow
occurred, plans to manage the saline water are in development,
including transferring this water to holding ponds where it would be
stored and actively monitored while permanent solutions are being
considered and is out of the way of the active mining/tailings
backfilling area


--- Page 50 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

EXPLORATION IN ALASKA

We hold more than 410 federal leases for exploration in the Beaufort
and Chukchi seas in Alaska. We previously operated for almost

50 years in Alaska, including in both these seas, until 1998. We are
familiar with these shallow waters and the hydrocarbon reservoirs
beneath them, which are of relatively low pressure

In 2014, the US Coast Guard published its investigation on the 2012
grounding of the Kulluk mobile offshore drilling unit (MODU), which
took place around 1,900 kilometres from the drilling site. The vessel
was successfully recovered and ultimately recycled. There were no
significant injuries or environmental damage associated with the
grounding. Identified issues have been addressed. Enhancements to
the programme based on lessons learned from 2012 operations
include

a The Kulluk has been replaced by the Transocean Polar Pioneer,
which is a harsh weather semi-submersible drilling unit

= Modifications and subsequent sea trials have been conducted on the
Aiviq (towing vessel)

= Additional ships have been contracted to provide increased backup
in operational support

= An additional helicopter will be contracted to support aviation
activities and provide further backup for air operations.

= Global guidelines for wet towing of MODUs have been developed
They include processes and procedures for towing MODUs including
in harsh weather environments. Shell has shared these guidelines with
the US Coast Guard towing task force referenced in the report.

We have strengthened our contractor management and Arctic
organisation and, together with the contractors, improved our planning
and processes.

To prepare for drilling off the coast of Alaska, we have developed a
well intervention and oil spill response capability that includes capping
and oil spill response vessels. The Arctic Containment System has been
modified since 2012 and is expected to be available for the 2015
drilling season. Improvements have also been made to emergency
response assets and additional equipment has been purchased to
enhance response capabilities based on the lessons learned during the
2012 season. Maintenance and inventory of critical spare parts for the
oil spill response equipment have been enhanced by utilising a
dedicated maintenance and storage facility in Anchorage. We have a
range of equipment and vessels necessary to respond to a spill 24
hours a day in case a spill happens during our exploration season in
Alaska in 2015

WATER

Fresh water availability and water management are increasingly
important strategic business issues for Shell and the energy industry in
general, bringing both challenges and opportunities. Global demand
for fresh water is growing while access to fresh water is becoming
more constrained in some parts of the world

Shell's water use may expand in the future with the further development
of shale oil and gas, oil sands and our biofuel business. A combination
of increasing demand for water resources, growing stakeholder
expectations and concerns, and waterrelated legislation may drive
actions that affect our ability to secure access to fresh water and to
discharge water from our operations. Although the availability of fresh
water is a global issue, water constraints are mainly local, requiring local
solutions. In areas of water scarcity, we develop water management
action plans and design our operations to minimise their water use.

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

For example, at Groundbirch, a tightgas asset in Canada, we are
recycling approximately 75% of the water produced. We also jointly
commissioned a recycling water treatment plant with the Canadian
City of Dawson Creek. The plant treats sewage wastewater for use by
Shell and the community,

At our oil sands operations in Canada, we use far less than our water
allocation from the Athabasca River and we seek to minimise the
amount withdrawn during the winter months when the flow rate is low.
We also reduce the amount of fresh water needed in operations by
recycling water from the tailings ponds. About 75% of the water we
use is recycled and we are investigating new ways to further reduce
fresh water intake

Water is needed to produce ethanol and our biofuel joint venture
Raizen has been introducing a system that recycles 90% of the water
used in the industrial process

Our Pearl GTL plant in Qatar does not take fresh water from its arid
surroundings. The water produced in the GTL manufacturing process is
recycled in the operation, fulfilling all the water needs of the plant.

BIOFUELS

The international market for biofuels is growing, driven largely by the
introduction of new energy policies in Europe and the USA that call for
more renewable, lower-carbon fuels for transport. Shell predicts that
biofuels will increase from 3% of the global transport fuel mix today to
around 10% by 2050. According to the IEA, sustainable biofuels are
expected to play an increasingly important role in helping to meet our
customers’ fuel needs and reduce CO, emissions.

From cultivation to use, some biofuels emit significantly less CO2
compared with conventional gasoline. But this depends on several
factors, such as how the raw materials are produced. Other challenges
include concerns over land competing with food crops, labour rights,
and the water used in the production process

In 2014, we used around 9 billion litres of biofuel in our gasoline and
diesel blends worldwide, which makes us one of the world’s largest
biofuel suppliers. We include our own long-established sustainability
clauses in our supply contracts and, where possible, we source
biofuels that have been certified against internationally recognised
sustainability standards. These clauses are designed to prevent the
sourcing of biofuels from suppliers that may not abide by human rights
guidelines, or that may have cleared land rich in biodiversity.

We are also developing our own capabilities to produce sustainable
biofuel components. The Raizen joint venture produces approximately
2 billion litres annually of ethanol from sugar cane in Brazil — the most
sustainable and cost competitive of today’s biofuels. This ethanol can
reduce CO, emissions by around 70% compared with gasoline, from
cultivation of the sugar cane to using the ethanol as fuel

The joint-venture agreement includes developing joint sustainability
principles, standards and operating procedures that also apply to third-
party suppliers. We also continue to work with industry, governments
and voluntary organisations towards the development of global
sustainability standards for biofuels

We continue to invest in developing more advanced biofuels for the
future. For example, in 2014 Raizen completed the construction of a
commercialscale pilot plant to produce second-generation bioethanol
This cellulosic ethanol will be generated from sugar cane by-product
and therefore will have less impact on food and feed prices
Government support will be required to accelerate the speed of
advanced biofuels development.


--- Page 51 ---

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY

ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY
CONTINUED

ENVIRONMENTAL COSTS

We are subject to a variety of environmental laws, regulations and
reporting requirements in the countries where we operate. Infringing
any of these laws, regulations and requirements could result in
significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines, sanctions and third-
party claims, as well as harm our ability to do business and our
reputation

Our ongoing operating expenses include the costs of avoiding
unauthorised discharges into the air and water, and the safe disposal
and handling of waste

We place a premium on developing effective technologies that are
also safe for the environment. However, when operating at the
forefront of technology, there is always the possibility that a new
technology brings with it environmental impacts that have not been
assessed, foreseen or determined to be harmful, when originally
implemented. While we believe we take all reasonable precautions to
limit these risks, we are subject to additional remedial environmental
and litigation costs as a result of our operations’ unknown and
unforeseen impacts on the environment. Although these costs have so
far not been material to Shell, no assurance can be made that this will
always be the case

In this regard, as oil and gas fields mature, it is possible in certain
circumstances for seismic activity to increase based on the unique
geology of individual fields. For example, after more than 60 years of
developing the Groningen gas field in the Netherlands, seismic activity
has increased leading to measurable earth tremors. Our Dutch joint
venture Nederlandse Aardolie Maatschappij B.V. (NAM) has followed
the production plan approved in 2014 by the Minister of Economic
Affairs of the Netherlands. It is working with the government to identify
effective responses and will follow any future requirements

NEIGHBOURING COMMUNITIES AND HUMAN RIGHTS
Earning the trust of local communities is essential to the success of our
projects and operations. We have global requirements for social
performance — how we perform in our relationship with communities.

The requirements set clear rules and expectations for how we engage
with and respect communities that may be impacted by our operations
Shelloperated major projects and facilities are required to have a
social performance plan and an effective community feedback
mechanism. This helps the business to understand the social context in
which we plan to operate, identifies potential negative effects on the
community and manages impacts. In addition, we have specific
requirements intended to minimise our impact on indigenous peoples’
traditional lifestyles and on handling involuntary resettlement.

Shell has long been involved with developments in business and
human rights in line with the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights. Our Principles and Code of Conduct
require our employees and contractors to respect the human rights of
fellow workers and communities where we operate

We have specific policies in place in areas across Shell’s activities
where respect for human rights is particularly important to the way we
operate, such as communities, labour, procurement and security. We
also work with other companies and non-governmental organisations to
improve the way we apply these principles. Our approach to human
rights helps us operate in a responsible way, delivering projects
without delays and minimising the social impacts of our operations. It
also enables us to better share the benefits of our activities, such as
creating new jobs and contracts that help develop local economies.

SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20F 2014

OUR PEOPLE

Our people are central to our aim of being the world’s most
competitive and innovative energy company. We recruit, train and
recompense according to a people strategy based on three priorities
resourcing and developing talent now and in the future; strengthening
leadership and professionalism; and enhancing individual and
organisational performance

EMPLOYEE OVERVIEW

In 2014, Shell employed an average of 94,000 people in more than
70 countries. We continued to recruit externally to execute our strategy
and growth plans for the future, hiring about 1,200 graduates and
2,000 experienced professionals. The majority of each came from
technical disciplines. More than 30% of our graduate recruits came
from universities outside Europe and the Americas in response to
increasing demand for skilled people in other regions

The table below shows our average employee numbers by
geographical area. The increase in 2014 compared with 2013
reflects our continuing growth strategy in Asia and the Americas

EMPLOYEES BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA

(AVERAGE NUMBERS) THOUSAND
2014 2013 2012

Europe 25 25 24
Asia 28 27 25
Oceania 2 3 3
Africa 3 3 3
North America 32 31 29
South America 4 3 3
Total 94 92 87

EMPLOYEE COMMUNICATION AND INVOLVEMENT
We strive to maintain a constructive working environment with
employees and, where appropriate, employee representative bodies
However, collective bargaining negotiations can result in disputes,
strikes or work stoppages, such as the United Steelworkers union strike
initiated on February 1, 2015 , at the Deer Park refinery and
laboratory in Texas, USA. While talks are ongoing, we look forward
to reaching a mutually acceptable settlement.

Two-way dialogue between management and staff is embedded in our
work practices. On a quarterly basis, management briefs employees
on Shell's operational and financial results through various channels,
including team meetings, face-to-face gatherings, a personal email
from the Chief Executive Officer, webcasts and online publications

The Shell People Survey is one of the principal tools used to measure
employee engagement: the degree of affiliation and commitment to
Shell. It provides insights into employees’ views and has had a
consistently high response rate. The average employee engagement
score in 2014 was 80% favourable, as it was in 2013

We promote safe reporting of views about our processes and
practices. In addition to local channels, our global telephone helpline
and website enable employees to report potential breaches of the
Shell General Business Principles and Code of Conduct, confidentially
and anonymously, in a choice of several languages


--- Page 52 ---

‘SHELL ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 20 2014

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

We have a culture that embraces diversity and fosters inclusion. By
embedding these principles in our operations, we have a better
understanding of the needs of our varied customers, partners and
stakeholders throughout the world and can benefit from a wider talent
pool. We provide equal opportunity in recruitment, career
development, promotion, training and rewards for all employees,
including those with disabilities. Where possible, we make reasonable
adjustments in job design and provide appropriate training for
employees who have become disabled

We actively monitor representation of women and local nationals in
senior leadership positions, and have talent-development processes to
support us in delivering more diverse representation

At the end of 2014, the proportion of women in senior leadership
positions was 18.1% compared with 17.2% in 2013. Senior
leadership positions is a Shell measure based on senior salary group
levels and is distinct from the term “senior manager" in the statutory
disclosures set out below

GENDER DIVERSITY DATA

(AT DECEMBER 31, 2014 BER
Men Women

Directors of the Company 9 75% 3 25%
Senior managers [A] 829 79% 217 21%
Employees (thousands) 66 71% 28 29%

[A] Senior manager is defined in section 414CI9) of the Companies Act 2006 and
accordingly the number disclosed comprises the Executive Committee members who were not
Directors of the Company as well as other directors of Shell subsidiaries

With effect from 2014, we revised our local nationals representation
metric to ensure it adequately takes account of the senior local
nationals working overseas. In 20 selected key business countries, we
began measuring local national coverage, which is defined as the
number of senior local nationals (both those working in the respective
country and those expatriated) as a percentage of the number of senior
leadership positions in their base country

LOCAL NATIONAL COVERAGE

(AT DECEMBER 31, 2014)

Number of selected countries

2014 2013
Greater than 80% 12 12
Less than 80% 8 8
Total 20 20

EMPLOYEE SHARE PLANS

Shell has a number of share plans designed to align employees’
interests with Shell's performance through share ownership. For
information on the share-based compensation plans for Executive
Directors, see the "Directors’ Remuneration Report”

OUR PEOPLE

Performance Share Plan and Long-term Incentive Plan
Conditional awards of the Company's shares are made under the
terms of the Performance Share Plan (PSP) to some 17,000 employees
each year. From 2015, senior executives will receive conditional
awards of the Company’s shares under the terms of the Long-term
Incentive Plan (LTIP) rather than under the terms of the PSP. The extent to
which the awards vest under both plans is determined over a
three-year performance period but the performance conditions
applicable to each plan are different. Under the PSP, half of the award
is linked to the key performance indicators described in “Performance
Indicators", averaged over the period. The other half of the award is
linked to a comparative performance condition which involves a
comparison with four of our main competitors over the period, based
on four relative performance measures. Under the LTIP, the award is
solely linked to the comparative performance condition described
above. Under both plans, all shares that vest are increased by an
amount equal to the notional dividends accrued on those shares during
the period from the award date to the vesting date. In certain
circumstances awards may be adjusted before delivery or reclaimed
after delivery. None of the awards results in beneficial ownership until
the shares vest. See Note 21 to the “Consolidated Financial
Statements”

Restricted Share Plan

Under the Restricted Share Plan, awards are made on a highly
selective basis to senior staff. Shares are awarded subject to a three-
year retention period. All shares that vest are increased by an amount
equal to the notional dividends accrued on those shares during the
period from the award date to the vesting date. In certain
circumstances awards may be adjusted before delivery or reclaimed
after delivery

Global Employee Share Purchase Plan

Eligible employees in participating countries may participate in the
Global Employee Share Purchase Plan. This plan enables them to
make contributions from net pay towards the purchase of the
Company's shares at a 15% discount to the market price, either at the
start or at the end of an annual cycle, whichever date offers the lower
market price.

UK Sharesave Scheme

Eligible employees of participating companies in the UK may
participate in the UK Sharesave Scheme. Options are granted over the
Companys shares at market value on the invitation date. These options
are normally exercisable after completion of a three-year or five-year
contractual savings period

UK Shell All Employee Share Ownership Plan

Eligible employees of participating companies in the UK may
participate in the Shell All Employee Share Ownership Plan, under
which monthly contributions from gross pay are made towards the
purchase of the Company's shares

Strategic Report signed on behalf of the Board

/s/ Michiel Brandjes

Michiel Brandjes
Company Secretary
March 11, 2015
