

--- Page 1 ---

44 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> The Group

FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP

THE GROUP

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a global corporate group
headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany. With a history dating
back nearly 350 years, it is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical
and chemical company. The Group holds the global rights to the
Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are Canada and
the United States, where the company operates as EMD Serono,
EMD Millipore und EMD Performance Materials.

The Group’s product portfolio ranges from innovative
pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical products, to specialty
chemicals, high-tech materials and life science tools. Until
December 31, 2014, in other words the period covered by this
Annual Report, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, used a re-
porting structure consisting of four divisions: the Biopharma-
ceuticals division, Consumer Health, Performance Materials
and the Life Science division. The following presentation also
reflects this structure.

In line with its strategic direction effective January 1, 2015,
the Group is organized into three business sectors: Healthcare,
Performance Materials and Life Science, which comprise the
Group’s six businesses. This structure will be used in the finan-
cial reports of the Group as of January 1, 2015 and will be
reflected for the first time in the report on the first quarter of
2015.

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS

The Biopharmaceuticals division discovers, develops, manufactures
and markets innovative pharmaceutical and biological prescrip-
tion drugs to treat cancer, multiple sclerosis (MS), infertility and
growth disorders, as well as certain cardiovascular and metabolic
diseases. As the company’s largest division, in 2014 the Biopharma-
ceuticals division generated 51% of Group sales and 51% of
EBITDA pre one-time items (excluding Corporate and Other). The
present Biopharmaceuticals division was formed in 2007 with the
acquisition of the Swiss biopharmaceutical company Serono SA,
which was integrated stepwise into the prescription drugs busi-
ness. With headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany, the Biopharma-
ceuticals division offers leading brands in specialty medicine
indications.

The Biopharmaceuticals division commercializes its products
worldwide and has a strong presence in established markets. The
Biopharmaceuticals division’s products are available in various
countries and regions of the world under different brand names.

The regions of Europe and North America contributed 64% of
divisional sales in 2014. In recent years, the Biopharmaceuticals
division has steadily expanded its presence in the Emerging
Markets region, which accounted for 29% of the division’s sales
in 2014.

Rebif®, the Biopharmaceuticals division’s top-selling product,
is used to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis, which is one
of the most common neurological diseases among young adults.

Erbitux® is the second best-selling drug in the Biopharma-
ceuticals division’s product portfolio and its flagship product in
Oncology. The product is a standard of care in multiple lines of
metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) therapy as well as of both re-
current/ metastatic and locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma
of the head & neck (SCCHN).

On November 17, 2014, the Biopharmaceuticals division entered
into a global strategic alliance with Pfizer Inc. to develop and
commercialize MSB0010718C, an investigational anti-PD-L1 anti-
body currently in development by the Biopharmaceuticals division
as a potential treatment for multiple tumor types, thereby acceler-
ating the two companies’ presence in immuno-oncology. The two
companies have also agreed to combine resources and expertise to
advance Pfizer's preclinical-stage anti-PD-1 antibody into Phase I
trials. As part of the strategic alliance, the Biopharmaceuticals
division will co-promote Pfizer's Xalkori®, a medicine to treat
non-small cell lung cancer in the United States and several other
key markets.

The Biopharmaceuticals division also offers products that help
couples to conceive a child and is the only company to offer the
most complete and clinically proven portfolio of fertility drugs for
every stage of the reproductive cycle, including recombinant ver-
sions of the three hormones needed to treat infertility. As a leader
and innovator, the Biopharmaceuticals division supports the
improvement of success in Assisted Reproductive Technology not
only with drugs, but also innovative technologies, for example to
assess embryo viability. The products in the Fertility franchise are
an important growth driver for the Biopharmaceuticals division.
This is due to different factors, such as the increasing demand in
emerging markets and the trend of couples postponing childbear-
ing until later in life when natural fertility declines.

The General Medicine franchise mainly includes brands to treat
cardiometabolic diseases. Although no longer patent-protected,
the excellent brand equity built over decades makes the flagship
products cornerstones for the treatment of chronic cardiovascular
or metabolic diseases. This applies, for example, to Glucophage®


--- Page 2 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> The Group 45

containing the active ingredient metformin, the drug of choice
for first-line treatment of type 2 diabetes, as well as to Concor®
containing bisoprolol, the leading beta-blocker for chronic cardio-
vascular diseases such as hypertension, as well as Euthyrox®
(levothyroxine) as the leading treatment for hypothyroidism.
Particularly in emerging markets, there is a continuous rise in
demand for cardiometabolic therapies. This is due to both increas-
ing life expectancy and in part also to growing prosperity in this
region, along with the resulting changes in lifestyle and dietary
habits. Beyond developing life cycle management products to cap-
italize on the Biopharmaceuticals division's strong brand equity,
the company entered into a long-term strategic partnership with
Lupin Ltd. of India to broaden the General Medicine portfolio in
emerging markets with affordable, high-quality medicines.

The Biopharmaceuticals division is continuously working to
improve ways to administer medicines and active ingredients. For
several years, the Biopharmaceuticals division has been developing
novel injection devices, which make injections more user-friendly
and at the same time more reliable for patients than conventional
or prefilled syringes. In addition, these products make it easier for
health care practitioners and patients to ensure adherence and
thus to reach their treatment goals. Examples are the easypod™
electromechanical injection devices for the delivery of Saizen®
(somatropin) and RebiSmart™ for Rebif® (interferon beta-1a).
Additionally, both easypod™ and RebiSmart™ are able to wireless-
ly transfer data such as injection times, dates and doses to the
Web-based software systems easypod™ connect and MSdialog.

The Biopharmaceuticals division is advancing its research and de-
velopment (R&D) portfolio across the areas of oncology, immuno-
oncology and immunology, and continues to invest in developing
programs in multiple sclerosis. With its expertise in discovery and
early development, as well as approximately 25 projects in clinical
development, the Biopharmaceuticals division is focused on deliv-
ering differentiated new therapies to patients with unmet medical
needs.

In addition, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has two further
pharmaceutical business units that operate as independent busi-
nesses within the Healthcare business sector since the new organi-
zational structure took effect on January 1, 2015. Allergopharma
is specialized in developing high-dose hypoallergenic products for
specific immunotherapy and diagnosis of type 1 allergies (such as
hay fever or allergic asthma). Biosimilars is developing biological
medicines that are similar to an existing registered biological
medicine (the “reference medicine”). The company is moving
ahead with the development of a portfolio of biosimilar compounds
applicable to various disease areas including oncology and auto-
immune diseases. The focus is on developing molecules through
in-house research and development as well as through partnerships.

As of January 1, 2014, two product groups were transferred
from the Biopharmaceuticals division to Consumer Health. These
are Neurobion®, a vitamin B-based analgesic, and Floratil®, a
leading brand in the probiotic antidiarrheal segment in Brazil.
Sales of the two products totaled € 265 million in 2013. The effects
of the product group transfers on the Biopharmaceuticals divi-
sion’s figures for 2013 are presented in the following table.

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS ~>

ADJUSTED
2013

€ million reported adjustment adjusted

SS
Sales 6,325.8 265.4 6,060.4
Total revenues 5,953.6 -265.2 5,688.4
Operating result (EBIT) 893.0 -99.9 793.1
Margin (% of sales) 15.0 13.9
EBITDA 1,886.5 -99.9 1,786.6
Margin (% of sales) 317 314
EBITDA pre one-time items 1,955.0 -99.9 1,855.1
Margin (% of sales) 328 32.6
Business free cash flow 1,875.7 - 88.6 1,787.1



--- Page 3 ---

46 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> The Group

CONSUMER HEALTH

Consumer Health manufactures and markets over-the-counter
pharmaceuticals. Consumer Health focuses on a number of well-
known strategic brands such as Neurobion®, Bion®, Seven Seas®,
Nasivin®, Femibion®, and Dolo-Neurobion®, as well as Floratil®,
Sangobion®, Vigantoletten®, Apaisyl®, and Kytta®. In 2014,
Consumer Health contributed 7% to Group sales and 5% to
EBITDA pre one-time items (excluding Corporate and Other).
Consumer Health has a high market penetration in Europe, Latin
America and Southeast Asia, and is generating particularly strong
growth in emerging markets, especially in India, Indonesia and
Brazil, which have firmly established themselves among the top-
ten markets in terms of sales. The key new product launch of Seven
Seas® Perfect7® was chosen by the customers of the British health
and beauty retailer Boots as the winner of the “2014 Favourite
Newcomer” award.

Global megatrends favor the future growth of Consumer Health.
People are becoming more health-conscious and concerned with

their own physical well-being. Preventive health care and as little
invasive medication as possible are becoming increasingly im-
portant - in both established and emerging markets, characterized
by a growing middle class with specific needs.

On January 1, 2014, two product groups from the Biopharma-
ceuticals division were transferred to Consumer Health. These are
Neurobion®, a leading global brand in the vitamin B segment, and
Floratil®, a leading brand in the probiotic antidiarrheal segment in
Brazil. The transfer of the two strong brands makes better use of
the potential of the consumer-oriented business model of Con-
sumer Health. Furthermore, Consumer Health has considerably
strengthened its presence in the Emerging Markets region. This is
a step in the journey towards having at least three leading brands
and achieving a market share of at least 3% in each of its key
markets. The share of Consumer Health sales accounted for by
Emerging Markets increased from 28% (unadjusted year-earlier
figure) to 50% in 2014 as a result of the product transfer. The effects
of the product group transfers on Consumer Health’s figures for
2013 are shown in the following table.

CONSUMER HEALTH >

ADJUSTED
2013
€ million reported adjustment adjusted
Sales 479.6 265.4 745.0
Total revenues 4769 265.2 742.1
Operating result (EBIT) 62.2 99.9 162.1
Margin (9% of sales) 13.0 21.8
EBITDA 7A 99.9 171.0
Margin (9% of sales) 149 23.0
EBITDA pre one-time items 725 99.9 172.4
Margin (% of sales) 15.2 23.2
Business free cash flow 83.9 88.6 1725

Effective May 15, 2014, Uta Kemmerich-Keil took over the leader-
ship of Consumer Health, thus succeeding Udit Batra as President
and Chief Executive Officer. Kemmerich-Keil was previously CEO
of Allergopharma, the global Allergy business unit.


--- Page 4 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> The Group 47

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

Performance Materials comprises the Group’s entire specialty
chemicals business. The portfolio includes high-tech performance
chemicals for applications in fields such as consumer electronics,
lighting, coatings, printing technology, plastics, and cosmetics.
The acquisition in May 2014 of AZ Electronic Materials (AZ), a
leading supplier of high-tech materials for the electronics industry,
significantly strengthened Performance Materials.

Performance Materials’ share of Group sales increased in 2014
to 18% (2013: 15%) and its share of EBITDA pre one-time items
(excluding Corporate and Other) rose to 25% (2013: 23%). The
results of AZ have been included since May 2, 2014. The EBITDA
margin pre one-time items amounted to 43.4% of sales.

Up until December 31, 2014, i.e. during the reporting period,
Performance Materials consisted of four business units: Liquid
Crystals, Pigments & Cosmetics, Advanced Technologies and AZ.
Effective January 1, 2015, Performance Materials was organized
into the following business units: Display Materials, Pigments &€
Functional Materials, Integrated Circuit Materials comprising the
AZ business with specialty chemicals for use in integrated circuits
(semiconductors), as well as Advanced Technologies.

The Liquid Crystals business, which became part of the Display
Materials business unit on January 1, 2015, generated more than
half of Performance Materials’ sales in 2014. With a high market
share, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has established itself
as the global market and technology leader in liquid crystal mix-
tures. The market is highly consolidated. In addition, barriers to
market entry exist due to the technological complexity of liquid
crystals and the high quality requirements of customers and con-
sumers. The seven largest LC display manufacturers are primarily
among the customers of the Liquid Crystals business. The company
has the broadest product offering in the industry and offers,
among other things, liquid crystals based on PS-VA and IPS tech-
nologies. This enables Performance Materials to meet individual
customer needs and offer solutions for all display sizes, from
smartphones and tablet computers to large-size television screens.
The Group is pursuing a strategy of leveraging its expertise in
liquid crystals in order to develop new fields of application for
innovative liquid crystal technology. On July 1, 2014, the company
completely acquired Peer+, a Dutch specialist for smart window

technology. The company has meanwhile been fully integrated.
With the acquisition of its long-standing cooperation partner
Peer+, the Group is further advancing the development of the
future-oriented market for liquid crystal windows (LCW). The major
innovation of liquid crystal windows lies in their continuously
variable switching functionality from light to dark in just seconds.
In January 2015, the first LCW panels were installed in the new
modular Innovation Center in Darmstadt. At the same time, the
new technology is being presented to a wider audience at exhibi-
tions and congresses.

The Pigments €€ Functional Materials business unit develops
and markets a comprehensive product portfolio of decorative
effect pigments and functional materials. The effect pigments are
primarily used in automotive and industrial coatings, plastics,
printing applications, and cosmetics in order to give products a
unique shine. Functional materials include laser marking, conduc-
tive additives and applications for counterfeit protection, as well
as high-quality cosmetic active ingredients, for example for use in
skin care, sun protection or insect repellants.

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, completed the integration
of AZ and its global workforce of around 1,100 employees accord-
ing to schedule by the end of 2014. During the integration phase
in 2014, AZ was treated as an independent business unit within
Performance Materials for reporting purposes. On January 1, 2015,
AZ was transferred to the Integrated Circuit Materials business
unit. As a key partner to leading global electronics manufacturers,
in 2014 AZ generated nearly 80% of its sales in Asia. AZ materials
are widely used in integrated circuits, flat-panel displays and
light-emitting diodes. The AZ portfolio thus optimally comple-
ments the range of materials offered by Performance Materials.

The Advanced Technologies business unit invests in future-
oriented research and development, supporting the growth and
sustainable competitiveness of Performance Materials. The busi-
ness unit also manufactures and markets materials for organic
light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), which are used in new lighting
applications and display technologies. The performance of the
OLED materials business was very positive in 2014. The demand
for OLED materials from the company increased significantly, par-
ticularly in Asian countries. At the same time, the customer base
expanded.


--- Page 5 ---

48 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> The Group

LIFE SCIENCE

The Life Science division has a broad product and technology
portfolio and offers innovative solutions for scientists and
engineers in the life science industry. Life science comprises the
research branches of natural and engineering sciences concerned
with the structure and behavior of living organisms. The Life
Science division’s products and services are used in the research,
development and manufacture of biotechnological and pharma-
ceutical drug therapies, as well as in research and application lab-
oratories. In addition, products and services from the Life Science
division also reach adjacent markets, such as food and beverages.
The Life Science division was established in 2010 following the
acquisition of the Millipore Corporation. It is a leading supplier of
life science tools.

In 2014, the Life Science division contributed 24% to Group
sales and 19% to EBITDA pre one-time items (excluding Corpo-
rate and Other). The majority of sales are generated by consum-
ables. This enables the Life Science division to achieve recurring
sales and stable, attractive cash flows in an industry that is char-
acterized by stringent regulatory requirements. A highly diversi-
fied and loyal customer base additionally ensures a favorable risk
profile. At the same time, the Life Science di
its broad portfolio and its global reach. The Life Science division
comprises three business areas: Bioscience, Lab Solutions and Pro-
cess Solutions, as well as multiple specialized business fields.

The main product groups of the Bioscience business area in-
clude tools and consumables for filtration and sample preparation,
reagents and kits for cell biology experiments, as well as small
tools and consumables for cell analysis. With these products, the
Life Science division supports its customers in understanding
complex biological systems and identifying new target molecules.
The Bioscience business area accounted for 15% of the Life
Science division’s sales in 2014. Since innovation is a key compo-
nent of Bioscience, the Life Science division offers complete and
validated applications to make research processes faster and more
efficient.

ion benefits from

The Lab Solutions business area manufactures products for
research as well as analytical and clinical laboratories in a wide
variety of industries. The business area accounted for 41% of the

Life Science division's sales in 2014. It is one of the leading sup-
pliers of laboratory water equipment, laboratory chemicals and
consumables. In addition, Lab Solutions develops and markets test
solutions to identify microbial contamination, for example in
pharmaceutical products, food and drinking water. For inorganic
chemistry, Lab Solutions supplies ultrapure reagents, including
salts, acids, caustic alkalis, and buffering agents. It also manufac-
tures reference materials for instrumental analysis and products
for inorganic trace analysis. In 2014, the Lab Solutions business
area launched new Steritest™ Symbio Pumps for easier, safer and
more reliable sterility testing of pharmaceutical products in laminar
flow hoods, isolators and cleanrooms. The Steritest™ Symbio Pumps
were developed to address stringent pharmaceutical testing require-
ments. The launch continues the Life Science division's 40-year
legacy of providing groundbreaking sterility testing products.

Additionally, the Life Science division underlined its technology
leadership with the announcement that its Chromocult® Coliform
Agar (CCA) has been used by the International Organization for
Standardization (ISO®) as the only suitable culture medium to
develop a revised standard for enumerating coliform bacteria and
E. coli in water samples to replace Lactose TTC Agar. The com-
pletely revised ISO® 9308-1 standard became effective on Sep-
tember 16, 2014.

The Process Solutions business area offers a diversity of prod-
ucts to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that enable
customers to manufacture large- and small-molecule drugs safely,
effectively and cost-efficiently. Accounting for 44% of the Life
Science division sales in 2014, Process Solutions offers its custom-
ers continuous innovations, highest quality standards as well as
high reliability of supply. In addition, the business area’s portfolio
comprises more than 400 chemicals for the synthesis of active
pharmaceutical ingredients as well as drug delivery compounds.
The offering in biotech production comprises products supporting
cell growth and gene expression, a wide range of filtration systems,
as well as salts and sugars. The single-use solutions offered by the
Process Solutions business area provide increased operational
flexibility to biopharmaceutical customers since they eliminate
time- and cost-intensive cleaning procedures. Moreover, these
single-use solutions are compatible with various products, reduc-
ing investment costs for customers.


--- Page 6 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> The Group 49

On March 17, 2014, the Life Science di
research, licensing and joint development agreement with Sysmex
Corporation of Japan. This collaboration will use the Life Science
division’s flow cytometry technology as a platform to accelerate
the creation of new, more powerful diagnostic tools for research in
blood disorders. If successful, Sysmex and the Life Science division
will collaborate on developing the imaging flow technology plat-
form for future commercialization in hematology.

On May 15, 2014, Udit Batra, who formerly headed Consumer
Health, took over the leadership of the Life Science division, suc-
ceeding Robert Yates as President and Chief Executive Officer.

ision announced a clinical

On August 20, 2014, the Life Science division and Samsung Bio-
Logics announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understand-
ing for a strategic alliance in the biopharmaceutical business. The
proposed alliance is intended to encompass a long-term supply
agreement in which the Life Science division will provide raw
materials for biopharmaceutical manufacturing.

On September 22, 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
and Sigma-Aldrich announced that they had entered into a defin-
itive agreement under which the company will acquire Sigma-
Aldrich for US$ 17.0 billion (€ 13.1 billion), establishing one of
the leading players in the global life science industry. The closing
of the transaction is expected in mid-2015, subject to regulatory
approvals and other customary closing conditions.


--- Page 7 ---

50 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Objectives and strategies of the Group

OBJECTIVES AND STRATEGIES OF THE GROUP

In 2007, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, launched a trans-
formation process aimed at securing its future through profit-
able growth in highly specialized niche markets within today’s
Healthcare, Life Science and Performance Materials business
sectors of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.

This process started with the large-scale acquisitions of Serono SA
in 2007 and the Millipore Corporation in 2010. In 2011, the com-
pany embarked on the “Fit for 2018” transformation and growth
program with a new executive management team. In the first
phase, the company created the foundation for profitable growth by
introducing a new leadership organization and a comprehensive,
Group-wide efficiency program. The second phase, which started
in 2014, is aimed at successively implementing the growth options
identified by establishing three strong platforms for sustainable
profitable growth. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is building
on its core competencies:

— Closeness to existing businesses

— Innovative strength

— Customer proximity (to offer tailored solutions)

— Focus on specialty businesses

Moreover, the company is aiming to expand its business model
systematically and continuously to include new technologies and
partnerships. In 2014, three important milestones were achieved in
the implementation of the Group strategy:

— Through the acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials, which was
completed in May, the product base and new customer offer-
ings were expanded by new technologies.

— With the announcement of the planned acquisition of Sigma-
Aldrich in September, the foundation was laid for enhancing
the Group’s position in the attractive life science industry. The
aim of the planned merger is to offer customers a broader
range of products and services as well as the industry’s leading
e-commerce platform.

— With the November announcement of the agreement with
Pfizer on a strategic alliance for anti-PD-L1, the Group wants
to accelerate its presence in immuno-oncology by combining
the strengths and capabilities of the two companies in the
highly competitive anti-PD-1/anti-PD-L1 space. Up to 20 im-
muno-oncology clinical development programs are planned
for commencement in 2015, including up to six pivotal regis-
tration studies. The alliance also has the potential to accelerate
the company’s entry into the U.S. oncology market through
the co-promotion of Xalkori®.

In line with its strategic agenda and focus on three growth plat-
forms, effective January 1, 2015, the company organizationally
repositioned itself. The previous four divisions have been replaced
by three business sectors:

— Healthcare comprises the Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health,
Allergopharma and Biosimilars businesses.

— Life Science consists of the Life Science business.

— Performance Materials corresponds to the business of the same
name.

The strategic transformation into a specialist for innovative
high-tech solutions in Healthcare, Life Science and Performance
Materials is reflected by the composition of sales. Within the
Healthcare business sector of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
the Biopharmaceuticals business today generates more than
65-70% of its sales with biopharmaceuticals. In 2006, there was
only one such product, Erbitux®, which accounted for less than
10% of sales. The classic Chemicals business has increasingly
become a premium materials business that offers Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, customers a wide range of value-adding
products. Today, high-tech materials and life science tools make
up around 80% of sales in the Life Science and Performance
Materials business sectors of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.
In 2006, the share was around 30%.

GENERAL PRINCIPLES
AND GROUP STRATEGY

The year 2018 will mark the 350" anniversary of Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany. The general principles of the “Fit for 2018”
transformation and growth program and the Group strategy are
to serve as a compass beyond 2018 as well.

General principles

In its business endeavors, the company orients towards general
principles. They help those responsible within the company to
shape strategic plans and to make decisions.

The structure of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, with
members of the Merck family as personally liable partners requires
the Group Executive Board, whose members are also personally
liable partners, to pay special attention to the long-term develop-
ment of value. Therefore, sustainability plays a special role at the
company. The objective is to align the long-term development of
the company with the legitimate interests of shareholders, whose
engagement in the Group is normally of a shorter duration. That


--- Page 8 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT > FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Objectives and strategies of the Group 51

is why the business portfolio of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
must always be balanced so that it reflects an optimum mix of
entrepreneurial opportunities and risks. The company achieves
this through diversification in the Healthcare, Life Science and
Performance Materials business sectors of Merck KGaA, Darm-
stadt, Germany, as well as through its geographic breadth with
respect to growth sources.

For Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, the principle of sus-
tainability applies not only to economic aspects. Instead, it also
encompasses responsibility for society and environmental preser-
vation. With its current and future product portfolio, the company
wants to help solve global challenges and shape a sustainable
future. That is also why innovation is the basis of the company’s
business activities; it is the prerequisite for future growth. Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is continually working on innovative
products and services for patients and customers and relies on a
continual process of internal innovation throughout all areas of
the company.

Group strategy

The Group focuses on innovative and top-quality high-tech prod-
ucts in the Healthcare, Life Science and Performance Materials
business sectors of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The com-
pany’s goal is sustainable and profitable growth. Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, intends to achieve this by growing organi-
cally and by further developing its competencies, as well as by
making targeted acquisitions that complement and expand exist-
ing strengths in meaningful ways. Building on leading products in
all its businesses, the company aims to generate income that is
largely independent of the prevailing economic cycles. Moreover,
the aim is to further expand the strong market position in emerg-
ing markets in the medium to long term. In 2014, the Emerging
Markets region contributed 38 % to Group sales.

STRATEGIC INITIATIVES

Capability initiatives

As the company continues to grow in size and the business be-
comes increasingly global, the Group is to be seen as ONE company.
ONE Group stands not only for a strong brand, but also for a
performance-oriented global company with a strong sense of
“we”. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is more than the sum
of its parts. Therefore, the company has launched four capability
initiatives.

The capability initiative ONE Brand aims to strengthen the
value of the brand, to increase the company’s global visibility and
reputation and to become more attractive to customers, partners
and talent globally.

The framework for talent development, compensation and perfor-
mance management is to be harmonized globally (ONE Talent
Development, Rewards and Performance Management). As part
of this initiative, the company will focus on establishing a consis-
tent and integrated talent and performance management process
and improving the talent portfolio by proactively identifying and
sourcing talent as well as ensuring workforce diversity.

The goal of the third capability initiative ONE Process
Harmonization, Standardization and Excellence is to better co-
ordinate processes and apply them consistently. This is particularly
the case with software applications. Continuous improvement will
take place through benchmarking. Ultimately, this will allow the
company to adapt rapidly to business changes as well as to inte-
grate future acquisitions both seamlessly and efficiently.

The importance of the Group's global headquarters in Darm-
stadt is to increase along the lines of ONE Global Headquarters.
The company in Darmstadt is to become a vibrant home for
creativity, scientific exchange and innovation. By laying the cor-
nerstone for a modular Innovation Center in 2014, the company
created the basis for cross-functional and Group-wide cooperation
on projects.

Business initiatives

Furthermore, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has set up a range
of business initiatives in order to expand the existing portfolio
as well as to capture new business opportunities. The following
initiatives are of major significance:

Biosimilars

The company wants to use its expertise in developing, manufactur-
ing and commercializing high-quality biotechnological medicines
in order to create a competitive biosimilars portfolio. The focus is
on developing molecules through in-house research and develop-
ment as well as through partnerships.

Research & Development at the Biopharmaceuticals business

The Biopharmaceuticals business introduced a more entrepreneur-
ial model to elevate the performance dynamics of its research and
development. Based on Translational Innovation Platforms (TIPs),
the Biopharmaceuticals business wants to foster long-term plan-
ning and an entrepreneurial mindset, validated by an indepen-
dent advisory board of external experts (see below).

OLEDs

Performance Materials aims to further expand its global leader-
ship position in display materials. The Group expects OLED tech-
nology to increase in importance in the future. Performance
Materials is therefore investing in developing a comprehensive
OLED portfolio. By 2018, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, aims
to be a leading supplier of OLED materials.


--- Page 9 ---

52 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Objectives and strategies of the Group

BUSINESS STRATEGIES

Healthcare business sector

Biopharmaceuticals

The Biopharmaceuticals business aims to become a preferred global
biopharmaceutical partner through its enduring commitment to
transforming patients’ lives with innovative specialty medicines,
leading brands and high-value solutions. Global megatrends such
as world population growth and a general increase in life expec-
tancy are bolstering the demand for the Biopharmaceuticals busi-
ness’ products. The Biopharmaceuticals business is well-positioned
for sustainable growth.

The first pillar of the Biopharmaceuticals business’ strategy is
to deliver innovation globally. The portfolio decision-making
process has been improved and a rigorous project prioritization
implemented with shorter timelines to phase transitions. Efficiency
in R&D has been strengthened with the development of biomarkers
to improve patient outcomes, with a focus on selected core thera-
peutic areas and with the creation of Translational Innovation
Platforms. The Biopharmaceuticals business has three priority
development programs: atacicept in immunology, evofosfamide
(TH-302) in oncology and avelumab in immuno-oncology, an
anti-PD-L1 antibody that the Biopharmaceuticals business will
develop and commercialize with Pfizer as a potential treatment for
multiple tumor types.

The second pillar of the Biopharmaceuticals business’ strategy
is to maximize the existing portfolio in developed markets. In the
Multiple Sclerosis franchise, the vision is to remain a leader by
providing innovative solutions that include drugs, devices and
services to help people living with multiple sclerosis. The Biophar-
maceuticals business plans to fully exploit the potential of Rebif®,
its top-selling product, in an increasingly competitive multiple
sclerosis market and to position it as the best interferon-based
therapeutic option for patients who suffer from the relapsing form
of the disease, driving differentiation via smart injection devices
and the first multiple sclerosis e-Health platform. In Fertility, the
focus is on expanding market leadership and on providing inno-
vative services and technologies beyond drugs. In Oncology, the
Biopharmaceuticals business promotes the value of Erbitux® to
personalized treatments, especially in Europe and Japan, and
emphasizes the importance of offering patients complete testing
for RAS status in order to ensure optimum treatment. The Bio-
pharmaceuticals business will also ensure launch readiness in
these innovation-driven markets. Through the co-promotion of
Xalkori® with Pfizer, the Biopharmaceuticals business is entering
the U.S. oncology market and preparing for the future launch of
its anti-PD-L1 antibody.

The third pillar of the Biopharmaceuticals business strategy is to
expand further in Emerging Markets. With a growing middle class,
extended health care coverage, a shift towards chronic diseases,
and rising demand for biologics, Emerging Markets are a key
driver for the Biopharmaceuticals business, accounting for over
60% of organic growth between 2011 and 2013. In Emerging
Markets, the Biopharmaceuticals business is implementing strate-
gic growth initiatives in its General Medicine and specialty medi-
cine franchises to address specific needs. The Biopharmaceuticals
business is leveraging capabilities and local channels, for example
by extending the breadth and depth of promotion in China,
expanding its portfolio via regional and local licensing, and sup-
porting market developments in Fertility. The Biopharmaceuticals
business is also investing selectively and growing its flagship
brands with new formulations (Euthyrox® or Glucophage®), fixed-
dose combinations (Concor®) and devices (Saizen®). The Biopharma-
ceuticals business is repatriating business, taking back the promo-
tion of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, products from industry
partners where attractive. And it is expanding the focus of its
portfolio with growth initiatives in biologics.

Biosimilars
The Biosimilars business is committed to providing access to
high-quality biologics to more patients all over the globe. The
unit is developing a biosimilars portfolio focused on oncology
and inflammatory disorders, through both in-house research and
development expertise in biologics, and partnerships with other
biosimilar players. The initiation of Phase III trials is planned for
2015/2016 onwards. Biosimilars is an attractive market in which
the company is well-positioned as it can build on existing strengths
and capabilities across the biosimilars value chain. This includes
the ability to leverage internal assets or source capabilities from
suppliers to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements,
secure market access across key markets such as the Emerging
Markets region, leverage commercial manufacturing capabilities
and flexibility, as well as adopt a tailored go-to-market approach.
The company has also established strategic alliances with Dr.
Reddy’s in India to co-develop several oncology compounds and
with Bionovis in Brazil to supply the Brazilian market with bio-
logical products under the Product Development Partnership (PDP)
policy of the Brazilian Ministry of Health.

This is to be expanded by another, as yet undisclosed in-
licensing agreement for a late-stage biosimilar.


--- Page 10 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT > FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Objectives and strategies of the Group 53

Allergopharma

The market for causal allergy therapies is a global growth market.
On the one hand, the global market growth expected by market
researchers will be generated by an increasing number of people
with allergies, and on the other hand it is based on the growing
use of specific immunotherapy (SIT) in many emerging markets.
Allergopharma is a manufacturer of diagnostics and prescription
drugs for allergen immunotherapy (AIT). AIT (hyposensitization,
desensitization, allergy immunization) is the only causal therapy
for treating allergies to unavoidable allergens. AIT is primarily
carried out by physicians who specialize in allergies, such as ENT
doctors, dermatologists, pediatricians and pulmonologists. With
its own research department and in cooperation with research
institutes and other partners, the Group is helping develop a better
understanding of the immunological mechanism that underlies
the development of allergies and is actively working on the next
generation of drugs for allergen immunotherapy. Plans to expand
production in Reinbek near Hamburg in 2016, thus expanding
capacity, will advance global expansion and will also help to meet
the increasingly high manufacturing standards. As was previously
the case, products to diagnose and treat type 1 allergies such as
hay fever or allergic asthma will be manufactured here under
ultrapure, sterile conditions.

Consumer Health
In 2012 and 2013, Consumer Health undertook steps to strategi-
cally realign the internal organization while sharpening its focus
on core brands and particularly attractive key markets. In 2014,
Consumer Health forged ahead with its growth agenda, particu-
larly in the emerging markets of Latin America and Southeast
Asia. As a result, Consumer Health achieved organic sales growth
of 5.4%, clearly exceeding general market growth. To this end, the
company is pursuing a clear strategy: The aim is for Consumer
Health to achieve a market share of at least 3% by 2021 in each of
its top 20 markets (including France, Mexico, Brazil, Germany,
Indonesia, India, and the United Kingdom), with at least three
brands in leading positions.

An important milestone within the framework of this strategy
was the transfer of the Neurobion® and Floratil® brands from the

former Biopharmaceuticals division to Consumer Health in 2014.
Neurobion® is a leading global brand in the vitamin B segment and
Floratil® is a leading brand in the probiotic antidiarrheal segment
in Brazil. Following their transfer to Consumer Health in 2014,
both brands clearly demonstrated potential to focus more closely
on consumer wishes and needs in core markets. For instance, the
growth of Floratil® in the key market of Brazil increased more
than tenfold. Further important components of implementing the
“3 x 3” strategy are geographic expansion of existing brands into
new markets, such as the recent market launch of the Bion® brand
in Brazil, as well as possible inorganic growth through tactical
takeovers and product acquisitions, as long as these are in line
with the strategic direction.

Life Science business sector

Life Science

The Life Science business is one of the leading players in the
attractive global life science tools industry. The business has a
global presence across the laboratory and process markets - two
broad customer sub-segments with differing needs. The strategy in
laboratory markets is based on three success factors: a broad and
attractive portfolio, a simple customer interface and an organiza-
tion able to deal with complexity, for example more than 70,000
products serving over 1 million customers. The three key success
factors for the process markets strategy are a deeply technical field
force, product depth in developed markets as well as portfolio
breadth in emerging markets.

The Life Science business will focus on expanding its presence
across laboratories in emerging geographies as well as gaining
share of wallet in North America. The Life Science business aims
to continue to grow above market by accelerating growth in the
process solutions and key laboratory businesses. This includes
maintaining above-market R&D investments to remain on the
innovation forefront, solving customer needs and delivering
sustainable, profitable growth.

The planned acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich would establish one
of the leading players in the life science industry, fostering key
capabilities fully in line with the Life Science business’ strategy.


--- Page 11 ---

54 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Objectives and strategies of the Group

Performance Materials business sector

Performance Materials

The demand for high-tech products in general and for innovative
display solutions in particular has seen high global growth in
recent years. This trend is not expected to weaken in the coming
years. Instead, the Group assumes that increasing demand for
these types of consumer goods will come from a growing middle
class in emerging markets. Therefore Performance Materials will
defend its position as the market and technology leader for liquid
crystals and further expand it as far as possible.

Since the typical life cycle of LC mixtures is less than three
years, innovation will remain the key success factor. The liquid
crystals pipeline of Performance Materials is well-stocked with
new technologies such as self-aligned vertical alignment (SA-VA),
advanced fringe field switching (FFS), as well as projects with
applications beyond displays.

The Group’s OLED business, which is part of the Advanced
Technologies business unit, posted strong, above-average growth
in 2014. Performance Materials wants to further position itself in
the OLED market and play a leading role in this market segment
in the medium to long term. Lower production costs for OLED
displays are a precondition for this. External partnerships will also
be used in the future to ensure the required exchange of tech-
nology and expertise.

The acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials has sustainably
strengthened the portfolio and the market position of Performance
Materials. All integration measures were successfully implemented
in 2014, adding a further premium business to the existing profit-
able businesses. AZ is a manufacturer of ultrapure, innovative
specialty chemicals and materials for use in integrated circuits
(semiconductors) and equipment, in flat-panel displays, and for
photolithographic printing. Both Performance Materials and AZ
have very similar and attractive business models based on inno-
vation, customer proximity, high market share and profitability in
the growth areas of displays, semiconductors, organic electronics,
and lighting.

Within its Pigments € Functional Materials business unit, the
company continues to focus on high-quality brands that add value
for customers as well as on market segments with growth poten-
tial. These include effect pigments, e.g. for automotive coatings,
and functional materials, e.g. for laser marking.

STRATEGIC FINANCIAL
AND DIVIDEND POLICY

For reasons of sustainability, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
generally follows a conservative financial policy. Apart from a
solid balance sheet with transparent and healthy structures, this
policy is reflected by the selection of financing sources, liquidity
management, key financial indicators, the dividend policy, and
risk management. The company generates high business free cash
flow and its return on capital employed has been sustainably
maintained at a high level.

In the context of the ongoing Group-wide efficiency program,
in the past years cash was reserved with high priority to fund
restructuring measures across all divisions and regions. In 2014,
liquid funds were then used in particular for the acquisition of AZ
Electronic Materials (Performance Materials).

One-time expenses in connection with restructuring measures
as well as costs related to the integration of acquired businesses
have also been assumed for 2015. With the planned acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich (Life Science) in 2015 - subject to the successful
closing of the transaction - liquid funds would likewise again be
used for inorganic growth. Accordingly, in the coming years, the
repayment of the financial liabilities taken up in connection with
this acquisition would be at the fore, along with the associated
ongoing interest payments. In this case, initial one-time expenses
for the integration could already be incurred then. However,
smaller, so-called bolt-on acquisitions are still not ruled out. In
addition, the company will also invest in organic growth initia-
tives as part of its “Fit for 2018” transformation and growth pro-
gram.

The Group is pursuing a sustainable dividend policy. Provided
that the economic environment develops in a stable manner, the
current dividend represents the minimum level for future dividend
proposals. The dividend policy follows the business development
and earnings increase of the coming years. However, dividend
growth could deviate, e.g. within the scope of restructuring or in
the event of significant global economic developments. The com-
pany also aims for a target corridor of 20-25% of EPS pre one-
time items.


--- Page 12 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Internal management system of the Group 55

INTERNAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM OF THE GROUP

As a global company with a diverse portfolio of products and The Value Creation and Financial KPI Pyramid, which summarizes

services, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, uses a comprehen- the important financial performance measures of the Group,

sive framework of indicators to manage performance. The most __ reflects the comprehensive framework of financial KPIs to steer

important KPI (key performance indicator) to measure perfor- _ the businesses and prioritize the allocation of cash resources. It

mance is EBITDA pre one-time items. consists of three managerial dimensions, which require the use of
different indicators: Group, Business and Projects.

Sales Sales Growth
Business EBITDA pre EBITDA pre margin
BFCF

ROCE, MEVA

M&A Licensing Capex

NPV, IRR eNPV NPV, IRR
EBITDA pre margin EBITDA pre margin Payback period
EPS PoS EBITDA pre margin

Projects

ROCE, MEVA ROCE ROCE

Abbreviations

EBITDA pre = Earnings before interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization pre one-time items
EPS = Earnings per share

MEVA = Value added of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany

BECF = Business free cash flow

ROCE = Return on capital employed

NPV = Net present value

IRR = Internal rate of return

eNPV = expected Net present value

PoS = Probability of success


--- Page 13 ---

56 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF THE
GROUP AND ITS BUSINESSES

The three key performance indicators sales, EBITDA pre one-time
items', and business free cash flow! are the most important factors
for assessing operational performance. Reference to these KPIs
can therefore be found in the Report on Economic Position, the
Report on Risks and Opportunities, and in the Report on Expected
Developments. As the most important indicators of the Group’s
financial business performance, the KPIs are key elements of the
company’s performance management system.

* Internal management system of the Group

Sales

Sales are defined as the revenues from the sale of goods and
services rendered to external customers net of value added tax
and after sales deductions such as rebates or discounts. Sales are
the main indicator of business growth in the Group and therefore
an important parameter of external as well as internal perfor-
mance measurement.

GROUP >
SALES

€ million /change in %

2014 2013 Change

Sales

11,291.5 10,700.1 5.5

EBITDA pre one-time items

EBITDA pre one-time items is the main performance indicator
measuring ongoing operational profitability and is used internally
and externally. To allow for a better understanding of the under-
lying operational performance, it excludes from the operating
result depreciation and amortization as well as one-time items.
One-time items are restricted to the following categories: impair-
ments, integration costs /IT costs, restructuring costs, gains / losses

on the divestment of businesses, acquisition costs, and other one-
time items. The classification of specific income and expenses as
one-time items follows clear definitions and underlies strict gov-
ernance at Group level. Within the scope of internal performance
management, EBITDA pre allows for the necessary changes or
restructuring without penalizing the performance of the operating
business.

GROUP >
RECONCILIATION EBIT TO EBITDA PRE ONE-TIME ITEMS

€ million /change in %

2014 2013 Change

Operating result (EBIT) 1,762.0 1,610.8 9.4
Depreciation and amortization 1,261.6 1,237.9 19
Impairment losses / Reversals of impairment losses 99.3 220.5, -55.0
EBITDA 3,122.9 3,069.2 17
Restructuring costs 83.9 130.5 -35.7
Integration costs/IT costs 87.2 49.0 78.0
Gains / losses on the divesment of businesses -1.9 23 182.6
Acquisition-related one-time items 85.0 0.0 -
Other one-time items 10.6 23 365.2
EBITDA pre one-time items 3,387.7 3,253.3 41

Financial indicators not defined by International Financial Reporting Standards.


--- Page 14 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Internal management system of the Group 57

Business free cash flow (BFCF)

Business free cash flow comprises the major cash-relevant items
that the individual businesses can influence and are under their
full control. It sums up EBITDA pre one-time items less invest-
ments in property, plant and equipment, software, advance pay-

ments for intangible assets, as well as changes in inventories
and trade accounts receivable. To manage working capital on
a regional and local level, the businesses use the two indicators
days sales outstanding and days in inventory.

GROUP >
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW

€ million /change in %

2014 2013 Change

EBITDA pre one-time items 3,387.7 3,253.3 41
Investments in property plant and equipment and software as well as advance payments

for intangible assets -527.5 = 446.2 18.2
Changes in inventories as reported in the balance sheet =185.5 59.7 -
Changes in trade accounts receivable as reported in the balance sheet =214.2 93.2 -
Adjustment first-time consolidation of AZ Electronic Materials S.A. 144.6 - -
Business free cash flow 2,605.1 2,960.0 =12.0

INVESTMENTS AND VALUE MANAGEMENT

Sustainable value creation is essential to secure the long-term
success of the company. To optimize the allocation of financial
resources, the Group uses a defined set of parameters as criteria
for the prioritization of investment opportunities and portfolio
decisions.

Net present value

The main criterion for the prioritization of investment opportu-
nities is net present value. It is based on the discounted cash flow
method and is calculated as the sum of the discounted free cash
flows over the projection period of a project. Consistent with the
definition of free cash flow, the weighted average cost of capital
(WACC), representing the weighted average of the cost of equity
and cost of debt, is used as the discount rate. Depending on the
type and location of a project different mark-ups are applied to
the WACC.

Internal rate of return (IRR)

The internal rate of return is a further important criterion for the
assessment of acquisition projects and investments in property,
plant and equipment. It is the discount rate that makes the present
value of all future free cash flows equal to the initial investment
or the purchase price of an acquisition. A project adds value if the
internal rate of return is higher than the weighted cost of capital
including mark-ups.

Return on capital employed (ROCE)

In addition to NPV and IRR, ROCE is an important metric for the
assessment of investment projects. It is calculated as the operating
result (EBIT) pre one-time items divided by the sum of property,
plant and equipment, intangible assets, trade accounts receivable
and trade accounts payable, as well as inventories.

Payback period

An additional parameter to prioritize investments into property,
plant and equipment is the payback period, which indicates the
time in years after which an investment will generate positive net
cash flow.

Value added of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (MEVA)
MEVA gives information about the financial value created in a
period. Value is created when the return on capital employed
(ROCE) of the company or the business is higher than the weighted
average cost of capital (WACC). MEVA metrics provide the Group
with a powerful tool to weigh investment and spending decisions
against capital requirements and investors’ expectations.


--- Page 15 ---

58 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Internal management system of the Group

CAPITAL MARKET-RELATED PARAMETERS

Net income and earnings per share (EPS)

Earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit after tax at-
tributable to the shareholders of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
(net income) by the weighted average number of theoretical shares
outstanding. The use of a theoretical number of shares takes into
account the fact that the general partner's capital is not represented
by shares. To provide a more comparable view, the company also
publishes EPS pre, which excludes one-time items and amortiza-
tion of intangible assets and is based on the company’s underlying
tax ratio.

Credit rating

The rating of the credit worthiness of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, by external agencies is an important indicator with
respect to the company’s ability to raise debt capital at attractive
market conditions. The capital market makes use of the assess-
ments published by independent rating agencies in order to assist
debt providers in estimating the risks associated with a financial
instrument. The company is currently assessed by Moody’s and
Standard & Poor's (SétP). The most important factor for the credit
rating is the ability to repay debt, which is determined in particu-
lar by the ratio of operating cash flow to (net) financial debt.

Dividend ratio

With the aim of ensuring an attractive return to shareholders,
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, pursues a reliable dividend
policy with a target payout ratio based on EPS pre one-time items
(see definition above).

OTHER RELEVANT/ NON-FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE MEASURES

Apart from the indicators of the financial performance of the
businesses, non-financial measures also play an important role in
furthering the success of the company. From a Group perspective,
specifically innovations in the businesses as well as the attraction
and retention of highly qualified employees are of central impor-
tance.

Innovation

Innovation is the foundation of the business and will also be the
prerequisite for future success in changing markets. Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, is continuously working to develop new
products and service innovations for patients and customers.
Indicators for the degree of innovation are defined individually
depending on the specifics of the respective businesses.

Talent retention

Employing a highly qualified and motivated workforce is the basis
for achieving the Group's ambitious business goals. Therefore, the
company puts a strong focus on establishing the processes and the
environment needed to attract and retain the right talent with the
right capabilities at the right time. To measure the success of the
related measures, the Group has implemented talent retention as
an important non-financial indicator.


--- Page 16 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE G

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY

Responsible conduct plays a key role in the company’s corporate
culture - with respect to employees, products, the environment,
and society. Over the course of nearly 350-year history of Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, the principle of corporate responsi-
bility has become a firm pillar of corporate governance. It is part

of daily conduct and is thus a fundamental prerequisite for the
Group's business success.

STRATEGY AND MANAGEMENT

Our corporate responsibility (CR) activities are directed by our
Group-wide CR Committee, which consists of representatives from
the businesses and relevant Group functions. Stefan Oschmann,
Vice Chairman of the Executive Board, became chairman of this

ROUP -+ Corporate Responsibility

59

committee in January 2015. As a global company, our ambition is
to create added value for consumers, market partners and the
community while also helping them lead better lives.

Mankind is confronted with global societal challenges such as
climate change, resource scarcity and insufficient access to health
in low- and middle-income countries. We believe that we can help
resolve these global challenges through our innovative products
in the Healthcare, Life Science and Performance Materials sectors,
as well as through responsible governance.

All of our CR activities come under the umbrella of “responsible
governance” (see page 63 et seq.). Based on our corporate strategy,
at the end of 2014 we selected three strategic spheres of activity
from our CR framework in which we seek to excel. Our aim is to

hone the Group’s competitive edge while helping to sustainably
secure its future.

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AT THE GROUP >

CR

Strategy S

Oo
%
Zz.
ro)
Oo
°
w
ray
°
7)

Gs

ce
Pry
E
=
=
o
©
Ra
©
e

SS



--- Page 17 ---

60 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Corporate Responsibility

— Health: We aim to help underserved populations in low- and
middle-income countries to gain access to high-quality health
solutions.

— Environment: A number of our innovative chemical and life
science products contribute to environmental protection or
help our customers conserve energy.

— Culture: Culture inspires people and opens up their minds to
new possibilities. As a high-tech, research-based company, we
therefore promote cultural projects worldwide. Moreover, we
are engaged in educational projects, especially since education
is key to making culture accessible.

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, supports relevant initiatives

concerning responsible governance. The company is a member of

the United Nations Global Compact and is committed to complying
with the compact’s principles regarding human rights, labor stan-
dards, environmental protection and anti-corruption. Moreover,
we also live our corporate responsibility through our commitment
to follow the guidelines of the Responsible Care Global Charter, an
initiative of the International Council of Chemical Associations

(ICCA). This charter aims to continuously improve the products

and services of the chemical industry in terms of environmental

protection, health, plant safety and security. The Group was among
the first companies to sign the revised version of the Responsible

Care Global Charter. In addition, we are a member of the “Chemie?”

initiative, a collaboration between the German Chemical Industry

Association (VCI), the German Employers’ Federation of the

Chemical Industry (BAVC), and the German Mining, Chemical and

Energy Industrial Union (IG BCE). As part of this globally unique

collaboration, the partners aim to make sustainability a core part

of the chemical industry's guiding principles and to jointly drive
the sector's position within the German economy as a key con-
tributor to sustainable development.

To the Group, corporate responsibility does not merely mean
taking action, but also listening. The dialogue with our various
stakeholder groups is therefore highly important to us. These
stakeholders include our employees, our business associates, the
Merck family, investors, regulatory agencies, and associations. We
also engage in a continuous exchange in order to create trans-
parency and clearly demonstrate how we live the Group's Values.
One example of this exchange is a conference held on the topic of
“Germany needs the chemical industry. Sustainability - a prereq-
uisite for growth and prosperity?”, which the company held in
September 2014 in collaboration with its Chemie’ partners, VCI,
BAVC and IG BCE. The sustainability conference took place during
the German event series entitled “The Chemistry is Right in Darm-
stadt”, which the company, Darmstadt - the city of science, and
the Technical University of Darmstadt are offering from Septem-
ber 2014 to June 2015. To prepare for the conference, the Group
organized an expert workshop in July 2014 with representatives
from the worlds of politics, business and society.

Thanks to good performance with respect to responsible,
sustainable entrepreneurial conduct, the company was again
included in the FTSE4Good index in 2014. To be included in
this leading international sustainability index, a company must
demonstrate socially conscientious, ecological and ethical con-
duct. In 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, maintained its
good position in other major sustainability indices as well. For
instance, we were once more included in the STOXX Global ESG
Leaders index. Moreover, the company has remained listed on the
Euronext Vigeo Eurozone 120 index, which features the 120 most
progressive companies in Europe in terms of ecological, social and
governance-related criteria.

STRATEGIC SPHERE OF ACTIVITY: HEALTH

Access to Health (A2H) is a strategic priority for Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany (see page 26 et seq.). Through our A2H
approach, which spans all our businesses, we aim to help improve
sustainable access to high-quality health solutions for under-
served populations and communities in low- and middle-income
countries. Recognizing that access is a complex and multifaceted
challenge with no one-size-fits-all solution, our programs and
initiatives are tailored to global, regional and local needs. We re-
alize that we cannot work alone to address all the access gaps and
that partnerships, collaboration and dialogue are key to delivering
sustainable access results.

Stefan Oschmann, Vice Chairman of the Executive Board,
plans to focus his presidency of the International Federation of
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers € Associations (IFPMA) on accel-
erating access to high-quality health solutions for people in low-
and middle-income countries. Oschmann was elected President of
the IFPMA for a two-year term at the 27" IFPMA Assembly in
New York, USA in November 2014.

In November 2014, the Access to Medicine Foundation of the
Netherlands recognized our efforts to improve access to health. In
the 2014 Access to Medicine Index, the company ranked sixth,
moving up two places compared to 2012 and 11 places compared
to 2010. Every two years, the index assesses the world’s leading
pharmaceutical companies with respect to their activities and ini-
tiatives to promote access to medicine in developing countries.

The company’s holistic Access to Health strategy focuses on
four areas, known as the “4As of Access” framework: Availability,
Affordability, Awareness, and Accessibility. In its ranking, the
Access to Medicine Foundation particularly recognized the Group
for its strategic and comprehensive access approach and its access
initiatives.


--- Page 18 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Corporate Responsibility 61

Availability

Availability entails the research, development and refinement of
health solutions that address unmet needs and are tailored to local
environments. Through partnerships and innovative alliances,
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is working to tackle diseases
most affecting developing countries. One example is our engage-
ment within the Pediatric Praziquantel Consortium. Through this
public-private partnership, the Group is developing a pediatric
formulation of praziquantel to treat the worm disease schistoso-
miasis. In March 2014, the consortium was awarded a prestigious
research grant from the Japanese Global Health Innovation
Technology Fund. Another example is our partnership with the
non-profit research foundation Medicines for Malaria Venture, to
develop new anti-malarials.

Affordability

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, seeks to address affordability
challenges by providing assistance to those who are unable to pay
for the health solutions they need. To tackle these challenges, we
have taken a pro-access approach through our intellectual property
initiatives and are engaging in equitable pricing strategies. In
2014, the Group joined WIPO Re:Search, an open innovation plat-
form sponsored by the World Intellectual Property Organization.
With over 90 members worldwide, the platform accelerates early
discovery for infectious diseases through intellectual property and
knowledge sharing. Furthermore, the company is supporting the
World Health Organization (WHO) in the fight against the worm
disease schistosomiasis in Africa. The company donates Cesol®
600 tablets containing the active ingredient praziquantel to WHO.
In 2014, the Group’s donation to WHO amounted to more than
72 million tablets. Since the start of the program, over 54 million
patients, primarily children, have been treated. At the end of
2014, the company joined with partners to establish the Global
Schistosomiasis Alliance in order to help eliminate schistosomiasis
worldwide.

Awareness

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, contributes to raising aware-
ness by providing health workers, communities and patients with
appropriate tools, knowledge, information and skills to help them
make informed decisions. In its report on the Guiding Principles
on Access to Healthcare (GPAH), the corporate network Business
for Social Responsibility (BSR) recognized the Access Dialogues
initiated by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, as a best practice
for information exchange and discussion between public and
private stakeholders. In India, the Group initiated the Suswastha
project. The aim is to provide underserved rural populations with
affordable health solutions and to engage patients through com-
munity-level meetings as well as educative health programs. The
Global Pharma Health Fund, a charitable organization funded by

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, fights counterfeit medicines
in developing countries and emerging economies. Additionally,
within the scope of the Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) of
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, the company seeks to improve
access to and the quality of diabetes treatment in Africa and India.

Accessibility

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, promotes
strengthen supply chains and to develop localized health solutions
in order to deliver and reach out efficiently at the point of care.
One example is the Group's Temptation Project, which uses heat
and humidity sensors to monitor transportation conditions of all
its products shipped from Europe to the rest of the world. Further-
more, the company supports the expertise and training of manag-
ers in Africa, Asia and Latin America to strengthen local quality
manufacturing standards. The BSR GPAH status report recognized
the River Ambulance in India as an innovative approach to reach-
ing underserved populations. The company supports the non-gov-
ernmental organization River Narmada Samagra, which among
other things transports health workers and provides solutions to
local populations living in the remote region along the Narmada
River.

initiatives to

STRATEGIC SPHERE OF ACTIVITY:
ENVIRONMENT

Through our products, we are helping to overcome global
challenges such as climate change and resource scarcity. At the
same time, we are also helping our customers achieve their own
sustainability goals.

Developing sustainable products

We strive to continuously enhance the sustainability footprint of
our products and are working to offer our customers products that
enable them to reduce the negative impact of their own activities,
as well as to achieve their own sustainability goals. For instance,
we are developing innovative materials for energy-efficient liquid
crystal and OLED displays and are thus helping our customers
develop environmentally sustainable processes. Thanks to liquid
crystals from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, displays con-
sume approximately 20% less energy in comparison to the pre-
ceding generation of technology. The new UB FFS technology
(ultra-brightness fringe field switching) provides displays with
up to 15% more light transmittance, thus further reducing energy
consumption. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is also devel-
oping liquid crystals for new applications. For instance, we are
working with architects, glass makers and facade manufacturers
to create the windows of tomorrow. Our ambitious goal is to use
smart windows to make buildings more energy-efficient.


--- Page 19 ---

62 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Corporate Responsibility

Within the scope of our cosmetic products business, we are work-
ing to sustainably procure and produce cosmetic ingredients as
well as optimize the related production processes. In dialogue with
our customers from the cosmetics industry, we are also developing
cosmetic formulations that meet strict sustainability criteria and
address the current trend towards more natural cosmetics. Several
of our products have been certified by Ecocert, an independent
organization that represents high international standards for
environmentally sustainable products.

At the Life Science business, the Design for Sustainability
(DfS) program is especially aimed at reducing environmental
impacts, also through customers’ own use, for example their
greenhouse gas emissions and water use. In 2014, the Life Science
business completed the integration of the DfS approach into the
product development process. Beginning with the concept stage,
product teams identify potential environmental impacts in vari-
ous product life cycle stages as well as opportunities to make
improvements. A scorecard is used to assess product designs in six
focus categories: Materials, Energy and Emissions, Waste, Water,
Packaging, as well as Usability and Innovation.

Additionally, the Group fosters its employees’ ideas for new
businesses through its Innospire program. In 2014, the program
centered on the topics of energy conservation, conversion and
efficiency, water treatment, water quality analyses, and efficient
water consumption, along with patient focus, personalized medi-
cine and digital/ mobile health. The employees of Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, were called upon to submit suggestions for
new materials and systems, as well as for new business models.
During the 2014 Innospire program, 300 ideas were submitted,
including some that pertained to the aforementioned topics.

STRATEGIC SPHERE OF ACTIVITY: CULTURE

Cultural promotion is a core element of our engagement in society
that reflects the company’s centuries-old tradition of supporting
art and culture. After all, culture nurtures characteristics that are
indispensable to our business activities as a high-tech company:
creativity, enthusiasm for new discoveries and the courage to
transcend boundaries. Our cultural engagement focuses on music,
literature and education.

Deutsche Philharmonie of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany

The Deutsche Philharmonie of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
is our musical ambassador. We consider classical music to be the
universal language that brings people together; as such, it rep-
resents an important part of our culture. The concerts of this pro-
fessional ensemble are highly popular, with around 26,000 people
attending them per year. They represent an integral part of the
cultural life in the vicinity of our global headquarters in Darmstadt.
Special events for children and adolescents as well as collaboration
with schools, such as the orchestra workshop held once a year
since 2010, aim to make classical music more accessible to young
people.

Additionally, the Deutsche Philharmonie of Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, regularly invites international ensembles to
play in Darmstadt while also touring the globe itself. In 2014
the orchestra gave a charity concert in the United Arab Emirates
to raise money for patients with multiple sclerosis.

Fostering literature

Literature can stimulate the imagination; it can alleviate fears and
give courage. Literature can also address scientific topics, thus
furthering a deeper understanding of science and research. Through
our engagement, we aim to help society better accept science and
scientific progress. In addition, as an international company, we
foster writers who further cultural exchange in our globalized
world.

The company grants and promotes four literary prizes world-
wide. Since 1964, we have been sponsoring the renowned Johann
Heinrich Merck Award for Literary Critique and Essay, which is
presented by the German Academy for Language and Poetry at
its annual autumn conference. The award, which comes with a
€ 20,000 prize, went to publicist Carolin Emcke in 2014.

For 12 years, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has been
sponsoring the Premio Letterario of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, in Italy. This award is worth € 10,000 and recognizes
authors who build bridges between literature and science, thereby
making them accessible to a wide audience. In 2014, the award
went to Carlo Rovelli, an Italian physicist, and to Francisco
Gonzales-Crussi, a Mexican physician and writer.

In India, the company collaborates with the Goethe-Institut
Calcutta to present the Merck Tagore Award of Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, which is worth 500,000 Indian rupees
(around € 7,200); this literary prize is granted every two years to


--- Page 20 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Corporate Responsibility 63

authors who have made a distinctive contribution to the cultural
exchange between Germany and India. In April 2014, the award
went to Professor Pramod Talgeri, Vice-Chancellor of the India
International Multiversity.

In October 2014, the company and the Goethe-Institut Tokyo
presented the first-ever Merck Kakehashi Literature Prize of Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. Worth a total of € 20,000, this award
is granted to contemporary works by German authors that are
made accessible to a wider readership in Japan. The prize went to
German author Arno Schmidt for his book “Seelandschaft mit
Pocahontas” (Lake Scenery with Pocahontas) and to the book’s
Japanese translator, Jun Wada.

Education

We view education as a key component of culture - and vice versa.
Education can help us understand culture. But culture can also
build a bridge to education; it can stimulate curiosity and nurture
creativity. We therefore support educational projects at many of
our sites, by granting scholarships for instance, or sponsoring
specific classes. In order to promote young scientists, for example,
the Group has been organizing the renowned annual “Jugend
forscht” competition for the German federal state of Hesse every
year since 1996.

RESPONSIBLE GOVERNANCE

Responsible business practices form the foundation of our operat-
ing business. We minimize ethical, economic and legal risks so as
to secure the Group's license to operate. We take responsibility for
our products, our employees, the environment and the community.

Responsibility for our products

The safety of our products is at the core of our corporate respon-
sibility. As long as used properly, our products should pose no risk
to customers or the environment, nor should our pharmaceuticals
have a negative benefit-risk evaluation. We therefore examine
safety across the entire life cycle of our products and continuously
take steps to minimize risks. We make our products safer to use by
providing patients and customers with extensive information ma-
terial so that they can use the products in a responsible, safe and
proper manner.

Through our Pharma Code for Conducting Pharmaceutical
Business and Pharmaceutical Operations, we set standards for re-
sponsible marketing activities in order to ensure that patients and
health care professionals have access to relevant information and
that patients receive effective treatment.

(1) Safety of chemical products

There are numerous regulations intended to ensure that chemicals
pose no risk to humans or the environment. Compliance with these
regulatory requirements is an important part of our work. Through
our Group-wide Product Safety Chemicals policy, we have intro-
duced global processes for defining, steering and implementing
product safety, and have established the corresponding manage-
ment structures. The company incorporates all relevant national
and international chemical regulations into its policies and regu-
lations and adheres to them. This includes for instance the EU
chemicals regulation REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisa-
tion and Restriction of Chemicals) and CLP (Classification, Label-
ling and Packaging of Substances and Mixtures, EU GHS). Further-
more, we are committed to transparency. For instance, in line with
the Global Product Strategy, an international initiative of the
chemical industry, we provide our customers with product safety
summaries for hazardous materials.

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has successfully completed
the second phase of REACH implementation. All substances we
produce or import in quantities ranging from 100 to 1,000 metric
tons per year - 70 different substances in total - were successfully
registered with the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) by June 1,
2013. We are currently in phase three, during which we are work-
ing to register all substances produced or imported in quantities
between one and 100 metric tons per year by mid-2018. We are
fully on schedule with our activities.

(2) Safety of drugs

In everything we do, our number-one priority is patient safety.
Ultimate responsibility for drug safety at the Biopharmaceuticals
business is borne by our Medical Safety and Ethics Board (MSEB),
which is chaired by our Global Chief Medical Officer. The Bio-
pharmaceuticals business’ Global Drug Safety unit is responsible
for continuously and systematically monitoring the safety of our
drugs (pharmacovigilance). This unit processes safety information
from various sources such as clinical trials, adverse reaction re-
ports and scientific literature in order to provide patients with
risk-benefit evaluations during the entire life cycle of a drug.

(3) Quality of products

Our goal is to provide customers and patients with high-quality
brand-name products. Through our quality vision, “Quality is
embedded in everything we do!” we remind our employees of their
responsibility - across all divisions, all Group functions and all
levels of the company.


--- Page 21 ---

64 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Corporate Responsibility

(4) Supplier management

The company sources raw materials, packaging materials, technical
products, components, and services from suppliers in more than
120 countries. Our basic expectations for suppliers and service
providers include their compliance with fundamental environmen-
tal and social standards, which are primarily derived from the core
labor standards of the ILO (International Labour Organisation),
from the UN Global Compact, and from the Code of Conduct of
the BME (German Federal Association for Materials Management,
Purchasing and Logistics). Since 2013, our Group Procurement
Policy and Responsible Sourcing Principles have defined our pro-
curement practices and are now integrated into our general terms
and conditions. They therefore constitute the foundation of every
sourcing transaction and procedure.

Due to the growing significance of emerging markets as sourc-
ing markets for the Group, we have reinforced our efforts to ensure
adherence to our supply chain standards.

In addition, the company regularly requests self-disclosures
from suppliers and conducts supplier audits. In order to underscore
the importance of supplier management as part of our corporate
responsibility, we joined the Together for Sustainability (TfS)
chemical industry initiative at the end of 2014. Starting in 2015,
we will have access to a significantly greater number of supplier
assessments via the TfS network, which we can then use to select
and manage our suppliers.

Responsibility for our employees

Employees are crucial to the success of a company. They therefore
play a central role in our business endeavors. In accordance with
the Group's Values, we live a culture of mutual esteem and respect.
We want to contribute to entrepreneurial success by recruiting,
developing and motivating the most suitable employees. We
therefore place a strategic focus on the topics of talent develop-
ment, compensation and performance management. Furthermore,
we want to strengthen the diversity of our employees (see also
“Employees” on page 77 et seq.).

Responsibility for the environment

In the manufacture of our products, we seek to impact the envi-
ronment as little as possible. This especially includes efficiently
conserving resources such as energy, water and raw materials
while also continuously reducing our emissions and waste.

(1) Environmental management system

Our Corporate EHS Policy defines our principles and strategies for
environment, health and safety. It is implemented through internal
guidelines and instruction manuals on compliant behavior in day-
to-day operations, such as the Group EHS Security and Quality
Manual. At all sites, the local EHS managers are in charge of

operational environmental protection measures. These employees
continually receive training and obtain additional qualifications.

Since our businesses are constantly changing, our environ-
mental management system must also remain flexible and adapt-
able. For this reason, we have internal and external audits con-
ducted on a regular basis to determine whether the ISO 14001
requirements are still being met. In 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, received the ISO 14001 group certificate for its environ-
mental management system for the sixth consecutive year. This
certificate covers 58 sites, including eight of the nine production
sites of the newly acquired AZ Electronic Materials.

Spending on environmental protection, health and safety to-
taled € 146 million in 2014, which also includes investments made
during the year.

(2) Focus topics: Energy efficiency, greenhouse gas emissions,
water scarcity

Climate change and its consequences are one of the main
challenges facing society in the 21st century. As a responsible
company, it is especially important to contribute to climate pro-
tection, which is why we have set ourselves the goal of reducing
total direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by 20% by
2020, measured against the 2006 baseline.

In order to achieve this goal, the company has launched a
climate protection program called EDISON that consolidates all
climate change mitigation and energy efficiency activities of the
Group. In 2015, as in the three preceding years, the Executive
Board will earmark additional funds specifically for measures to
conserve energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Through
more than 300 EDISON projects that have been initiated since
2012, the company aims to annually save around 60 metric
kilotons of CO, in the medium term. In 2014, the Group lowered
its total greenhouse gas emissions by around 9% relative to the
2006 baseline, despite growth in its operating business.

Around two-thirds of the EDISON projects planned Group-
wide have already been or are being rolled out, including major
energy generation projects as well. In November 2014, the company
commissioned a carbon-neutral biomass energy plant in Goa,
India. In December 2014, a further biomass energy station was
commissioned in Jaffrey, New Hampshire, USA. At the Darmstadt
site, the Group is spending around € 27 million on the construc-
tion of two state-of-the-art energy stations. The first of these
two stations, which supplies the site’s pharmaceutical production
operations and research activities with power, was commissioned
in July 2014. The second station is currently under construction
and will cover the refrigeration requirements of the site’s chemical
plants and laboratories, among other power needs. Once both
plants are in operation, the site's CO, emissions will decrease by
around 2,500 metric tons per year.


--- Page 22 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT » FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Corporate Responsibility

65

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY >
ENERGY CONSUMPTION (IN GWH)

2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Total energy consumption 1,505 1,497 1,556 1,566 1,622
Direct energy consumption 919 920 940 1,001 1,071
Natural gas 799 802 827 884 937
Liquid fossil fuels 105 105 100 102 107
Biomass and other self-generated renewable energy 15 13 13 15 27
Indirect energy consumption 586 577 616 565 551
Electricity 518 519 502 500 466
Steam, heat, refrigeration 68 58 114 65 85
Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (including the new production sites of AZ).
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY +
C0,£0 EMISSIONS (EQ = EQUIVALENTS)
Emissions in kilotons, Scope 1 and 2 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
SS SS
Total CO,eq emissions 577 541 551 567 524
Direct CO,eq emissions 352 318 321 350 323
Indirect CO,eq emissions 225 223 230 217 201

Portfolio-adjusted in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (including the new production sites of AZ}.

Energy management plays a key role in our efforts for sustainable
energy efficiency and climate change mitigation. the Group’s pro-
duction sites in Darmstadt and Gernsheim account for around
40% of the company’s global energy consumption. In 2012, both
of these sites qualified for ISO 50001 - Energy Management Sys-
tem certificates, which were reaffirmed in 2014. The Molsheim site
in France, the Poseung site in Korea and the Taoyuan site in Tai-
wan received the ISO 50001 certificate in 2014 for the first time.
The Wiesbaden site was certified for the first time in January 2015.
Counting the Bari and Tiburtina sites in Italy, eight the company
production sites have a certified energy management system.

The results of the Carbon Disclosure Project likewise indicate
that the Group is on the right path. In 2014, Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, again ranked in performance band B in the
Climate Performance Scoring, and was thus clearly in the upper

range of all participating companies in the Germany, Austria and
Switzerland category. In the Climate Disclosure Scoring, which
rates the thoroughness and transparency of a company’s report-
ing, the Group scored 87 out of 100 points, putting it well above
the average. The Carbon Disclosure Project, an independent non-
profit organization, assessed the emissions reduction progress and
climate change reporting of companies.

In addition to energy, in 2014 Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, also focused on the topic of water. We examined our
sites to determine which ones are located in regions where water
is scarce and thus an especially precious resource. Based on a
detailed assessment, we plan to implement sustainable water
management systems at these sites.


--- Page 23 ---

66 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Corporate Responsibility

Responsibility for society

The Group sees itself as part of society, not only at its individual
locations, but also at a global level. Taking responsibility towards
society is an integral part of our entrepreneurial approach. We
believe that we can make an important contribution to the com-
munity through our knowledge, our skills and our products.

Our social responsibility activities are primarily focused on
those areas in which we have specific expertise stemming from
our core businesses. We are thus engaged in health and environ-
mental projects and support education, specifically in the natural
sciences. We provide disaster relief in emergency situations,
especially in those regions in which we operate.

Our subsidiaries are also engaged in a wide variety of local proj-
ects. The company has defined overarching criteria for selecting
projects, while the decisions concerning specific local projects are
made by our subsidiaries. In 2014, the Group spent a total of
€ 50.8 million on community engagement activities. Of the total
monetary and non-monetary donations made by our subsidiaries
in 2014, 61% went to Emerging Markets (Latin America and Asia,
excluding Japan), 37% to Europe, as well as 2% to the North
America and the Rest of World regions.


--- Page 24 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group 67

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AT THE GROUP

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, conducts research and
development worldwide in order to develop new products and
services designed to improve the quality of life of patients and
customers. In 2014, the company focused on further optimizing
the relevance and efficiency of its research and development
activities. For this purpose, the Group increased the number of
new collaborations with external research and development
partners.

Around 4,700 employees work for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, researching innovations to serve long-term health
and technology trends in established and emerging markets as
well as in developing countries.

The company spent around € 1.7 billion on research and develop-
ment in 2014. In our research and development activities, we focus
on both in-house research and external collaborations, which
enable us to increase the productivity of our research while
simultaneously reducing financial outlay.

The organizational set-up of our research and development
activities reflects the structure of the Group. Within the Executive
Board, Stefan Oschmann, who became Vice Chairman of the
Executive Board at the beginning of 2015, was responsible for the
Biopharmaceuticals and Consumer Health divisions until Decem-
ber 31, 2014. Effective January 1, Belén Garijo assumed this re-
sponsibility as a Member of the Executive Board. Bernd Reckmann
is responsible for Performance Materials and Life Science.

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS

General

The Biopharmaceuticals division’s R&D continues to evolve with
a focus on both strategic and operational improvements. In the
course of 2014, with new leadership in place after the appointment
of Luciano Rossetti, MD, as Executive Vice President and Head of
Global R&D in July, the R&D organization further enhanced the
structure of R&D to strengthen collaboration across the spectrum
of Research, Development and Commercial, prioritized key devel-
opment programs, and created a governance model founded on
collaboration, agility and objectivity in science.

Along with a sustained effort to foster an environment of
end-to-end development - from early research through to late-
stage development and product registration - there is also a reso-
lute commitment to ensuring the patient’s needs are the primary
driver in all decision-making. A patient-centric approach to R&D
is becoming increasingly inherent across the Biopharmaceuticals

division, from research of the highest quality through to quick
and efficient clinical development. Across the continuum of
RéD, there is a renewed energy to build a solution-oriented,
collaborative and accountable culture that delivers value to the
business and to patients. With an unwavering focus on world-
class science and the development of strategic external opportuni-
ties, the Biopharmaceuticals division R&D aims to accelerate its
pipeline.

Research and development strategy

In 2014, the Biopharmaceuticals division’s R&D continued its
change strategy to better position the organization for success in
the years to come. Today, founded on a solution-oriented and col-
laborative mindset, almost 2,300 R&D professionals are working
to advance innovation across the Biopharmaceuticals division
R&D pipeline.

In Research, the early phases of discovery remain structured
across three distinct yet closely aligned Translational Innovation
Platforms (TIPs): Oncology, Immuno-Oncology, and Immunology,
as well as a specific department focused on Global Health, which
targets critical health needs in vulnerable populations.

With early development now part of Global Development,
R&D teams share the common goal of advancing programs in a
seamless fashion, collaborating to identify the right strategies for
key programs as they progress along the pipeline, and aligning
with Commercial from the earliest stages in the process, in order
to build the right target product profile in the most effective way
possible.

Program prioritization became a critical priority in 2014,
streamlining the R&D portfolio based on key data milestones,
among other things. With a core set of compounds now targeted
as high-priority, the R&D organization can better distribute re-
sources across its programs to optimize their potential for success.

With hubs in Darmstadt, Germany; Boston, Massachusetts,
USA; Tokyo, Japan; and Beijing, China, the broad footprint of the
Biopharmaceuticals division gives it access to innovation in its
key markets. Across the entire biopharma spectrum - from aca-
demia and hospitals to research institutions and other companies
in the biopharmaceutical industry - the Biopharmaceuticals divi-
sion complements its internal expertise by leveraging the experi-
ence and knowledge of others through partnerships. In 2014,
the Biopharmaceuticals division delivered clear examples of this
strategic priority, announcing agreements with several companies
and academic institutions around the world, as well as awarding
external grants for research innovation in several disease areas, as
detailed in the next section.


--- Page 25 ---

68 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group

With a forward-looking view, the global R&D organization of
the Biopharmaceuticals division is positioning itself for future
success. Strong collaboration, an unwavering commitment to
exceptional science and a focus on objective decision-making are
the key principles that will guide the R&D teams in 2015. As a
recent example, the Global Medical Affairs (GMA) organization
underwent a complete redesign and strategic refocusing in 2014.
Patient centricity was at the core of this effort which has several
cornerstones: enhancement of therapeutic area expertise in key
areas, a global best-practice sharing working style and the
establishment of a novel function known as medical excellence.
The new GMA organization was launched in August and imple-
mentation at headquarters, in regions and in countries worldwide
is progressing rapidly, and is on track for completion in early
2015. The new organization is already delivering enhanced value
to life cycle management of the Biopharmaceuticals division's
registered products, as well as contributing significantly to the
late-stage development process.

At the Biopharmaceuticals division's Investor & Analyst Day
in September, the company gave an update on its plans for its
Biosimilars activities. In addition to the already disclosed invest-
ment plan of € 100 million for 2014, the unit plans to continue to
invest in 2015, depending on the outcome of ongoing Phase I
studies. Existing partnerships with India’s Dr. Reddy’s and Brazil’s
Bionovis will be expanded by another, as yet undisclosed in-
licensing agreement for a late-stage biosimilar, initially for smaller
emerging markets. Between 2015 and 2016, Merck KGaA, Darm-
stadt, Germany, plans to initiate between two and five Phase III
clinical trials.

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS PIPELINE IN 2014

The Biopharmaceuticals division's core R&D fields include oncol-
ogy, immuno-oncology, immunology and neurology. The develop-
ment pipeline continues to be weighted towards oncology; how-
ever, 2014 saw important scientific and business development
advances in several disease areas. In line with its open collabora-
tive model in R&D, the Biopharmaceuticals division entered into a
number of collaborations during 2014, some of which are high-
lighted below.

In addition, the company announced the launch of the Bio-
pharmaceutical division’s Global Grants with a total annual invest-
ment of over € 20 million, thereby underscoring the company’s
commitment to funding scientific innovation and independent
medical education around the world. The Grants for Innovation in
Research identify and fund what are considered to be the most
promising research projects in specific fields worldwide, originat-
ing from across the biopharma spectrum, including: academia,
research centers, and smaller biotech companies. During the third
quarter, Grants for Innovation were awarded in the areas of Mul-
tiple Sclerosis, Oncology, Growth Disorders and Fertility.

Oncology

There were several important changes in the oncology pipeline
during 2014. Evofosfamide (also known as TH-302), an investiga-
tional hypoxia-activated prodrug which is being developed in
collaboration with Threshold Pharmaceuticals, is currently being
evaluated in two Phase III trials, respectively in locally advanced,
unresectable or metastatic soft tissue sarcoma (STS) and in
advanced pancreatic cancer. A pre-planned interim efficacy and
safety analysis of the STS study was performed in the third quarter
of 2014. The Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC),
which conducted the analysis, recommended that the study should
continue as planned to its natural conclusion. The analysis of the
primary endpoint, overall survival (OS), is expected to be conducted
in 2016. This date is only an approximation since the final analy-
ses will be triggered only when a certain number of events have
occurred. The second Phase III study (known as MAESTRO), which
is being performed in advanced pancreatic cancer, reached
planned enrollment of 660 patients in October. It is estimated that
the final analysis of the primary endpoint of this trial, which is OS,
will be performed in 2016. A Phase II trial of evofosfamide in
combination with pemetrexed as a potential second-line treatment
for patients with advanced non-squamous non-small cell lung
cancer (NSCLC) was initiated in the second quarter of 2014. The
primary endpoint in this 440-patient trial is OS.


--- Page 26 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group 69

As regards Erbitux® (cetuximab), new biomarker findings from a
retrospective analysis of the completed Phase III CRYSTAL study
were presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology
(ASCO) 50™ Annual Meeting in Chicago. This study compared
Erbitux® plus FOLFIRI with FOLFIRI alone in the first-line treat-
ment of metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). A significant clinical
improvement in terms of response rate, progression-free survival
and overall survival was observed in patients with RAS wild-type
tumors when Erbitux® was added to FOLFIRI compared with
patients receiving FOLFIRI alone. Additionally, the results of the
FIRE-3 study, a randomized, controlled, open-label, Phase III trial
to compare the efficacy of Erbitux® plus FOLFIRI with bevacizumab
plus FOLFIRI in first-line KRAS wild-type mCRC (mCRC), were
published in Lancet Oncology in August 2014. Updated results in
the RAS wild-type population were presented at the 2014 ESMO
Congress in Madrid in September. While the primary endpoint of
increased overall response rate with Erbitux® plus FOLFIRI com-
pared with bevacizumab plus FOLFIRI was not met, a pre-planned
exploratory analysis in the patient sub-group selected based on
RAS status showed a statistically significant difference in overall
survival in favor of Erbitux®. Given this clinically meaningful
difference in overall survival, the authors state that “the data
suggest that FOLFIRI plus cetuximab should be chosen as the
first-line treatment regimen for patients with RAS wild-type
mCRC.” (Lancet Oncology 2014; 15: 1,065-1,075).

These results are in line with the Erbitux® label as updated by
the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in December 2013, and
were included in an update of the Summary of Product Character-
istics in June 2014. They confirm that RAS biomarker testing is
essential for patient-centric care and is thus a truly personalized
approach to the treatment of mCRC. Results of a second random-
ized, controlled, open-label, Phase III trial (CALGB / SWOG 80405),
comparing Erbitux® plus chemotherapy (either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI
based on each investigator’s choice) as compared to bevacizumab
plus chemotherapy, were presented at the ASCO 2014 Congress
and the ESMO 2014 Congress. Although showing a slight but not
significant trend towards improved overall survival for patients in
the RAS wild-type population treated with Erbitux® plus chemo-
therapy, the results seemed to differ from those of the aforemen-
tioned study. However it should be noted that the data so far are
immature and the final results have not yet been published in a
peer-reviewed journal.

The Chinese Food and Drug Administration (SFDA) issued a
negative opinion concerning the application of Erbitux® in squa-
mous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN) because it

considered the bridging study in Chinese patients inadequate
to justify approval in China. The Biopharmaceuticals division
decided to perform a randomized, controlled study in China in
SCCHN with a view to obtaining approval for this indication.
Erbitux® is currently registered in over 90 countries in this indica-
tion.

In June, the Group announced it had signed an agreement to
collaborate with Sysmex Inostics GmbH, Hamburg, Germany, for
the development and commercialization of a blood-based RAS
biomarker test for patients with mCRC. Blood-based biomarker
testing is a faster and easier approach for determining the muta-
tion status of tumors as it requires only a small blood sample
rather than a tissue biopsy procedure. The test has the potential to
provide mutation status results within days, which in turn can
help guide treatment decisions. In addition, it may become the
method of choice in situations where a tissue biopsy is difficult to
obtain, for example in patients whose physical condition does not
allow for a surgical procedure.

After a careful analysis, the Biopharmaceuticals division
decided not to pursue its development program for Sym004, and
to return the rights to the compound to Symphogen for further
development. This decision was not related to any new safety or
efficacy findings. It will allow the company to refocus its efforts
on other pipeline candidates.

Subsequent to the promising results of pre-clinical work and
the ongoing Phase I trial of its c-Met kinase inhibitor tepotinib
(MSC 2156119J), the Biopharmaceuticals division decided to em-
bark on Phase I/II studies in solid tumors, especially focusing on
the indications of NSCLC and hepatocellular carcinoma. Studies in
both indications were initiated in the first quarter of 2014.

For abituzumab, an investigational anti-integrin monoclonal
antibody designed to target certain integrins expressed on tumor
and endothelial cells, two Phase II trials were completed this year.
The results of the POSEIDON study, a combination of abituzumab
with Erbitux® and irinotecan in KRAS wild-type mCRC, were pre-
sented at the ESMO World Congress on Gastrointestinal Cancer.
Although the primary endpoint of increased progression-free
survival was not met, the addition of abituzumab to Erbitux® and
irinotecan resulted in a trend toward improved overall survival;
high ovB6 integrin expression was identified as a potential pre-
dictive marker of increased response rate, as was prolonged over-
all survival in the abituzumab treatment arms. Further biomarker
analyses are warranted to confirm and further validate the current
findings. The results of the PERSEUS study in patients with meta-
static castration-resistant prostate cancer were presented at the


--- Page 27 ---

70 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group

2014 ASCO Meeting. No significant improvement in progression-
free survival was observed and development therefore will not
continue in this indication.

BGB-290 (an inhibitor of poly [ADP-ribose] polymerase, or
PARP), currently being developed in collaboration with BeiGene,
entered Phase I clinical testing in patients with solid tumors.

Enrollment was discontinued in a combination Phase II study
of the MEK inhibitor pimasertib (a small-molecule inhibitor of
MEK, an enzyme that is a part of a pathway that is frequently
activated in many types of solid tumors) and the PI3K/ mTOR in-
hibitor from Sanofi U.S. (SAR245409) in low-grade serous ovarian
cancer. This decision was based on the results of a futility analysis,
conducted by the IDMC, which indicated that the trial was no
longer expected to achieve its objective of showing a meaningful
difference between the efficacy of the combination compared with
pimasertib alone. However, the safety profile was in line with pre-
vious clinical data for this combination, and no unusual toxicities
outside of those associated with this class were observed. The
further development of pimasertib in pancreatic cancer was also
discontinued as a Phase II study in this indication did not reach its
primary endpoint of prolongation of progression-free survival.
Pimasertib will continue to be investigated in patients with NRAS
mutant malignant melanoma in a Phase II trial which is fully re-
cruited, and expected to report results on progression-free survival
(primary endpoint) during 2015. Additionally, a Phase Ib trial in
solid tumors, in collaboration with Sanofi U.S., investigating
pimasertib in combination with Sanofi U.S.’s hDM2 antagonist
(SAR405838) will also continue.

MSC 2490484A (DNA-PK inhibitor), a small-molecule inhibitor
of the repair mechanisms of DNA damage in cancer cells, entered
Phase I clinical testing in patients with solid tumors.

The Biopharmaceuticals division and Sutro Biopharma, a pri-
vately held biotechnology company, entered into a collaboration
and license agreement to develop next-generation antibody drug
conjugates (ADCs) for multiple targets in oncology. The Bio-
pharmaceuticals division and Mersana Therapeutics, Inc. also
announced a cooperation agreement to develop next-generation
ADCs. ADCs are composed of an antibody linked to a cytotoxic
drug, whereby the antibody part specifically targets and delivers
the cytotoxic drug to cancer cells, which could lead to higher drug
levels at the tumor site.

In October 2014, the Biopharmaceuticals division, the Institute
of Cancer Research (ICR), London, and the Wellcome Trust, London,
entered into a co-development and license agreement building

on two independent research programs at both the ICR and the
Biopharmaceuticals division to identify inhibitors of tankyrase, an
enzyme of the poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) family. In a
joint effort, this collaboration will aim to progress chemical com-
pounds that have emerged from both organizations’ tankyrase
inhibitor programs towards clinical development. At the end of
the collaboration period, the Biopharmaceuticals division will
take over full responsibility for the selected clinical development
candidate. The agreements mentioned above underline the Bio-
pharmaceuticals division's approach to employing a collaborative
research and development model, creating strategic partnerships
in order to drive innovation.

Immuno-Oncology

For avelumab (also known as MSBO0010718C), an investigational
anti-PD-L1 antibody currently in development, initial data from
the Phase I dose escalation study in solid tumors were presented
at ASCO 2014. The study is advancing rapidly and anti-tumor
activity of avelumab has already been observed in a number of
patients, notably in NSCLC and in ovarian cancer. Avelumab is
also being tested in a Phase II study initiated in July 2014 in
patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. This is an aggres-
sive form of skin cancer, which is rare and currently has limited
treatment options. The study is a multicenter, single-arm, open
trial in patients who have previously been treated with one line of
chemotherapy.

In November 2014, the Group announced that it had entered
into a global strategic alliance with Pfizer Inc. to develop and
commercialize avelumab in order to accelerate both companies’
presence in immuno-oncology. The antibody will be developed as
a single agent as well as in various combinations with Pfizer's and
the Biopharmaceuticals division’s broad portfolio of approved and
investigational pipeline candidates. The two companies will also
combine resources and expertise to advance Pfizer's anti-PD-1
antibody into Phase I trials. As part of the strategic alliance, Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, will co-promote Pfizer's Xalkori®, a
medicine to treat NSCLC, in the United States and several other
key markets. Global collaboration with Pfizer is expected to accel-
erate the development of avelumab in multiple tumor types. Up to
20 high priority immuno-oncology clinical development programs
are expected to commence in 2015, including up to six pivotal
registration studies. The global alliance is expected to enable the
Group's entry into the U.S. oncology market and to strengthen its
Oncology franchise in several other important global markets.


--- Page 28 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group 71

Concerning tecemotide, an investigational cancer immunotherapy
(also known as L-BLP25), a Phase III study called START2 was
initiated in April 2014, following the results of the START study
of tecemotide in stage IIT NSCLC. Although START did not meet
its primary endpoint of demonstrating an improved OS with tec-
emotide compared with placebo in the overall patient population,
data from an exploratory analysis of a pre-defined subgroup of
patients who received tecemotide after concurrent chemo-
radiotherapy (CRT), showed that these patients survived longer.
However in September, the results of study EMR 63325-009,
a Phase I/II trial in Japanese patients with stage III, unresectable,
locally advanced NSCLC, the majority of whom had received
concurrent CRT, indicated that no effect had been observed for
either the primary endpoint, OS, or for any of the secondary
efficacy endpoints. Based on these results, the Biopharmaceuticals
division decided to discontinue the clinical development program
for tecemotide.

After a careful analysis of its pipeline assets the Biopharma-
ceuticals division decided to discontinue development of NHS-IL2
(MSB0010445), also known as Selectikine, which was in Phase II
testing in advanced melanoma. This decision was not related to
any new safety or efficacy findings. It will allow the company to
refocus its efforts on other pipeline candidates.

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and MorphoSys entered
into a strategic immuno-oncology collaboration to discover and
develop therapeutic antibodies against immune checkpoints. Un-
der the terms of the agreement, the two companies will join forces
to develop therapies that modulate the immune system's natural
ability to fight tumors. MorphoSys will apply its proprietary
Ylanthia® antibody phage library and technology platform to
identify antibodies against targets of interest. With its strong
portfolio and capabilities in the field of immuno-oncology and
clinical development, the Biopharmaceuticals division will be
fully responsible for execution of development from Phase I
onwards.

Immunology

In the field of Immunology, a Phase IIb study of atacicept, an anti-
Blys and anti-APRIL fusion protein, in patients with systemic
lupus erythematosus (SLE) was initiated. This study is known as
ADDRESS II and follows the promising results of the completed
APRIL SLE study which were presented at the Annual Meeting of
the European League against Rheumatism (EULAR) in 2013.
ADDRESS II is a double-blind, placebo-controlled study of
atacicept given at two doses in 279 patients with active SLE to
assess its efficacy and safety in reducing SLE-disease activity in
patients receiving standard-of-care therapy. The outcome of this
study is expected in 2016. A two-year long-term extension study
(ADDRESS II LTE) has also been initiated in order to develop
atacicept’s safety database.

Also aiming at the treatment of SLE, an agreement was entered
into by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Pfizer Inc. and the
Broad Institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in April. The collab-
oration is focused on the genomic profiling of patients with SLE
and lupus nephritis. The goal of this research project, which will
be jointly funded by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and
Pfizer, is to identify biomarkers to better define target patient
populations for future therapies as well as to discover potential
novel drug targets for innovative therapies.

The FORWARD study, a Phase II trial of sprifermin, an inves-
tigational fibroblast growth factor given at four doses vs placebo
in patients with primary osteoarthritis of the knee, is being con-
ducted in collaboration with the Group’s strategic alliance partner,
Nordic Bioscience Clinical Development. The study completed
enrollment in mid-2014, following the inclusion of 549 patients,
and the outcome of the study is expected to become available in
2016. Following the completion of a Phase I study in healthy
volunteers of the anti-IL-17-A/F nanobody, MSB 0010841 (also
known as ALX-0761), a Phase Ib study in patients with psoriasis
has been initiated.

A small-molecule BTK inhibitor (MSC 2364447) entered Phase
I clinical testing in healthy volunteers in the third quarter of
2014. This investigational agent is a highly selective inhibitor of
the Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK), which is important in the
development and functioning of various immune cells including
B lymphocytes and macrophages. Preclinical research suggests it
may be therapeutically useful in certain autoimmune diseases.


--- Page 29 ---

72 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group

Neurology

The Biopharmaceuticals division and the Institute of Experimental
Neurology at San Raffaele University and Research Hospital in
Milan announced the continuation of a strategic alliance to
develop pre-clinical and clinical research projects in the field of
neurodegenerative diseases. The translational research will focus
on developing innovative therapies against serious and disabling
neurological diseases affecting young adults in particular, such as
multiple sclerosis (MS). Established in 2004, the renewal of this
partnership extends the agreement between the parties for two
additional years.

Following completion of a Phase I clinical study that demon-
strated encouraging MRI results following intradermal treatment
of patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS) with ATX-
MS- 1467, an investigational immune-tolerizing agent, a Phase II
study has been initiated in RMS.

Following a thorough portfolio review, the Biopharmaceu-
ticals division decided not to pursue further development of plo-
vamer acetate, an investigational second-generation copolymer
for relapsing-remitting MS. As a consequence, the Phase II study
was terminated early. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and
Ono Pharmaceutical reached a mutual agreement to terminate the
license agreement on ceralifimod (ONO-4641) since the project did
not meet the company’s threshold for continued investment.

The Biopharmaceuticals division remains committed to driv-
ing innovation in the field of MS and improving the lives of people
living with the disease. In refocusing the pipeline, additional
resources will be available to strengthen our pipeline in this area
and bring additional, meaningful products and devices to people
with MS.

Fertility

In the field of Fertility, a Phase III trial of Pergoveris® was initiated
in the first quarter of 2014 and enrollment was already completed,
following the inclusion of 946 patients, in the third quarter. The
trial, which is known as ESPART® (Evaluating the Efficacy and
Safety of Pergoveris® in ART), is a multicenter, randomized,
controlled, single-blind trial with the primary endpoint being the
total number of retrieved oocytes. The study is designed to assess
the efficacy and safety of Pergoveris® (follitropin alfa and lutropin
alfa) versus Gonal-f® (follitropin alfa) for multifollicular develop-
ment as part of an Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART)
treatment cycle in women who are classified as poor ovarian
responders (POR) to previous ART. Data are expected in 2015.

Endocrinology

In the field of Endocrinology, the Biopharmaceuticals division an-
nounced in April that the Phase IIIb study of Kuvan® (sapropterin
dihydrochloride) had met its primary endpoint. At the Society for
the Study of Inborn Errors of Metabolism (SSIEM) Annual Sympo-
sium in Innsbruck in early September, detailed 26-week data from
the study known as SPARK (Safety Pediatric EfficAcy PhaRmaco-
kinetic with Kuvan®) were presented. Results from the study showed
that the addition of Kuvan® at a dose of 10 or 20 mg/kg/day toa
phenylalanine-restricted diet significantly increased phenylala-
nine tolerance in children with phenylketonuria (PKU) who are
below four years of age and responsive to Kuvan®, compared with
patients on diet alone. The SPARK study was requested by the
EMA as a post-authorization measure. Given the positive outcome
of the study, the Biopharmaceuticals division has submitted an
application to the EMA for a label extension.


--- Page 30 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP

* Research and development at the group

73

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS PIPELINE,

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2014

Therapeutic area Compound Indication Status
SS
Oncology Evofosfamide (TH-302; hypoxia-activated prodrug) Soft tissue sarcoma Phase III
Evofosfamide (TH-302; hypoxia-activated prodrug) Pancreatic cancer Phase III
Evofosfamide (TH-302; hypoxia-activated prodrug) Non-smail cell lung cancer Phase Il
Evofosfamide (TH-302; hypoxia-activated prodrug) Melanoma Phase Il
Evofosfamide (TH-302; hypoxia-activated prodrug) _ Hematological malignancies & solid tumors Phase |
Abituzumab (DI17E6; anti-integrin mAb) Colorectal cancer Phase Il
Pimasertib (MEK inhibitor) Melanoma Phase Il
Pimasertib /hDM2 inhibitor combination Solid tumors Phase I
Tepotinib (MSC 2156119J; c-Met kinase inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase |
MSC 2363318A (P70S6K and Akt inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase |
BGB-283 (BRAF inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase |
BGB-290 (PARP inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase |
MSC 2490484A (DNA-PK inhibitor) Solid tumors Phase |
immuno-Oncology MSB 0010360N (NHS-IL12; cancer immunotherapy) Solid tumors Phase I?
Avelumab (MSB 0010718C; anti-PD-L1 mAb) Merkel cell skin carcinoma Phase Il
Avelumab (MSB 0010718C; anti-PD-L1 mAb) Solid tumors Phase |
immunology Atacicept (anti-Blys/anti-APRIL fusion protein) Systemic lupus erythematosus Phase Il
Sprifermin (fibroblast growth factor 18) Osteoarthritis Phase Il
MSB 0010841 (ALX-0761; anti-IL-17 A/F nanobody) Psoriasis Phase |
MSC 2364447 (BTK inhibitor) Healthy volunteers Phase |
Neurodegenerative
Diseases ATX-MS-1467 (immune-tolerizing agent) Multiple sclerosis Phase II
Fertility Assisted Reproductive Technology,
Pergoveris® (follitropin alfa and lutropin alpha) poor ovarian responders Phase III

Endocrinology

Kuvan® (sapropterin dihydrochloride)

PKU in pediatric patients < 4 years

Submitted for
approval’

"Combined with hDM2 inhibitor (SAR405838) from Sanofi, conducted under the responsibility

of Sanofi,

2Sponsored by the National Cancer Institute (USA).
®Post-approval request by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). EMA application under review.
More information on ongoing clinical trials can be found at wwwelinicaltrials.gov.

I Interleukin
hDM2: Human Double Minute 2 homolog

mAb: — Monoclonal antibody
MEK:  Mitogen Activated Protein Kinase
EGER: Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor
PARP: Poly [ADP-Ribose] Polymerase
BTK: —_ Bruton’s Tyrosine Kinase

PKU: — Phenylketonuria


--- Page 31 ---

74 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group

CONSUMER HEALTH

In its Consumer Health business, the company markets over-
the-counter medicines and food supplements in Europe - primarily
for France, Germany, and the United Kingdom - as well as in Latin
America and Southeast Asia, where sales volumes are rising. The
focus of research and development activities in Consumer Health is
on constantly improving tried and proven formulations consistent
with the needs of consumers. Innovations by Consumer Health
center on consumers and their needs. On the one hand, established
products are being adapted to changing consumer needs while on
the other hand, new technological innovations are being developed
to satisfy entirely new needs. A good example of this is the new
product Apaisyl® Nits Detect, which colors nits on the scalp with a
fluorescent dye, thus making it much easier to comb them out.
Since 2014 the Group has been increasingly entering into coopera-
tion agreements with independent research institutions in order to
tap into their expertise in developing new and existing products in
a targeted manner. At the same time, Consumer Health is further
developing its established brand-name products by making them
simpler to use and by offering accompanying services.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the undisputed market and
technology leader in liquid crystals, which are primarily used in
televisions and mobile communication applications. We are also
one of the leading suppliers of decorative and functional effect
pigments. Our high-tech materials and solutions are used by
customers in the consumer electronics, lighting, coatings, print-
ing technology, plastics applications, and cosmetics industries. In
Performance Materials, the Group is also focusing on the growth
dynamics of emerging markets. As a new part of Performance
Materials, AZ Electronic Materials (AZ) brings additional fields of
business to the company portfolio. AZ serves two main markets,
the sector of IC Materials for integrated circuit manufacture, and
materials for display applications (Optronics).

Liquid crystals

In the area of LC displays for mobile devices, Merck KGaA, Darm-
stadt, Germany, has developed a new LC switching mode, UB-FFS
technology (ultra-brightness fringe field switching). The new LC
switching mode has the potential to increase display light trans-
mittance by 15%. The new technology offers many advantages:
Firstly, it reduces energy consumption and increases the battery life
of the mobile devices. Secondly, it improves mobile display quality
and supports the trend towards higher resolutions. The market
launch is proceeding faster than expected. The new switching mode
is already used in many smartphones and tablet PCs.

The Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, “LC 2021” strategic initia-
tive combines the company’s future LC activities, with a special
focus on applications beyond displays. For example, liquid crys-
tals can regulate the light and heat transmittance of windows in
building facades. Since the acquisition in July 2014 of the
remaining interest in Peer+, a Dutch specialist for smart window
technology, the company has now been fully integrated. Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is investing further in LC windows,
the new name for the material development of these applications.
The pilot production of the windows is in full swing. Several
examples were installed in the Group’s own Innovation Center at
the Darmstadt site in early 2015. Collaborations with partners in
the glass and facade technology sector are planned for broad-
based marketing of the windows.

In November, a team of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
won the 2014 Meyer-Galow Prize for business chemistry. Four LC
researchers and managers were recognized for their work on the
project “Energy-efficient liquid crystals for smartphones and
tablet PCs”.

OLEDs

Organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) are used in innovative
lighting applications and display technologies. They provide bril-
liant colors and sharp images from any viewing angle; they have
a long lifespan and are highly energy-efficient. In addition, OLEDs
enable round or flexible displays, making them perfect for use in
the latest technical applications. One such example is the smart-
watch, a wristwatch that provides Internet access along with
additional computer functionality.

The name of the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, product
line for these types of applications is livilux®. The company has
developed a strong portfolio of worldwide patents, based on more
than ten years of experience. Development partnerships with
customers are a way of testing new technologies and making them
market-ready. For instance, Performance Materials has co-devel-
oped a technology that can be used to print OLED displays in
collaboration with printer manufacturer Seiko Epson. While the
Group contributed its expertise in OLED material and ink develop-
ment to the collaboration, Seiko Epson contributed its expertise in
print heads featuring Micro Piezo inkjet technology as well as
process expertise. The jointly developed technology offers the
advantage of lower costs and higher material efficiency. In contrast
to evaporated OLED displays, the materials are applied at room
temperature and under normal pressure in the case of printed
OLED displays. In addition, this technique only deposits material
in the areas where diodes are actually located, thereby helping to
conserve resources.


--- Page 32 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group 75

High-quality pigments and functional materials

Besides high-quality decorative effect pigments, the company also
offers functional materials used, for example, in laser marking of
plastics, conductive coatings, and heat-reflective glazing for
greenhouses. The Meoxal® brand is the latest development in
effect pigments. These pigments captivate with their brilliant
color saturation and exceptional performance, as a result of their
innovative layer technology and the use of aluminum flakes as
substrate. They are highly suitable for a multitude of high-perfor-
mance applications, especially for automotive and plastic coatings.
The third pigment in the new brand family - Meoxal® Atacama
Red - was launched in the second quarter of 2014.

With Xirallic® NXT, the Performance Materials division is
launching a new patented product generation of the well-known
high-tech effect pigments. These offer customers an exceptional
“living-sparkle-effect”, high styling potential and consistent
quality. The first product of the new generation - Xirallic® NXT
Panthera Silver - is a dark-gray, metallic effect pigment, which
the Group has been offering since April 2014.

AZ Electronic Materials

In the IC (Integrated Circuit) Materials business, which supplies
products for integrated circuit manufacture, AZ has developed a
range of products for “Extreme UV Lithography” (EUV) applications
which has already been qualified by several customers from the
semiconductor industry for their processes. AZ’s “shrink” technol-
ogy makes it possible to reduce lithographically generated struc-
tures after patterning, thus circumventing resolution limitations
of existing exposure equipment in a cost-effective manner. New
products are on the verge of production implementation. AZ is a
leader in Directed Self Assembly (DSA), a revolutionary technology
which is crucial to all advanced semiconductor manufacturers. In
DSA, the information for the smallest structures is already con-
tained in the chemical make-up of the coating material. Addition-
ally, AZ is intensively engaged in developing thick perhydropoly-
silazane (PHPS) products for 3D-chip-technology as well as novel
insulator materials.

The continuous development of flat-panel display technology
towards larger formats and higher operating frequencies requires
the use of transistors with feature sizes that are at the limit of the
resolution capability of the exposure tools. In the Optronics busi-
ness, AZ has successfully transferred from its IC sector so-called
tandem resin technology with a specific molecular weight distri-
bution, thus achieving a photoresist resolution near the theoretical
resolution limit. In silicon technology, new siloxane materials are
in an advanced stage of qualification as planarization materials
for high-resolution displays and as a thin film barrier for OLED
lighting.

LIFE SCIENCE

With nearly 800 employees focused on R&D, the Life Science
division is working with customers to develop innovative solutions
for the research, development and production of pharmaceutical
and biotech processes worldwide. Through dedicated collaboration
on new scientific and engineering insights, the Life Science divi-
sion serves as a strategic partner to customers and helps advance
the promise of life science.

In 2014, the Life Science division launched over 20 new prod-
ucts, proving the innovative power of its Research & Development
organization, and once again received R&D Magazine 100 Awards
for innovative products. The 52™ annual R&D Awards recognize
the 100 most technologically significant products introduced onto
the market over the past year. The Life Science division’s products
that were recognized are the SmartFlare™ detection reagent and
Clarisolve® depth filters.

The SmartFlare™ detection reagent is a novel probe capable of
detecting specific mRNAs and miRNAs in live, intact cells. This
technology allows for carrier-free cellular endocytosis of the
reagent, followed by detection and relative quantitative analysis
of RNA levels. Because the reagent leaves the cell after the
detection event, the same sample can be used for any downstream
analysis, meaning it is possible to assess multiple biomarkers or
downstream functionalities in the same cells.

Clarisolve® depth filters are specifically tuned to the particle
size distribution of various pretreatment methodologies, enabling
the fastest and most efficient way to clarify high-density streams
and easily transfer processes from upstream to downstream
without the use of centrifugation. Clarisolve® depth filters were
designed for high cell density /titer mammalian cell culture feed
streams for mAb production. Early success has also been achieved
in microbial and vaccine applications.

In March 2014, the Life Science division announced a clinical

research, licensing and joint development agreement with Sysmex
Corporation of Japan. This collaboration will use the Life Science
division's flow cytometry technology as a platform to accelerate
the creation of new, more powerful diagnostic tools for research in
blood disorders. If successful, Sysmex and the Life Science divi-
sion will collaborate on developing the imaging flow technology
platform for future commercialization in hematology.


--- Page 33 ---

76 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP -> Research ond development ot the group

In the second quarter of 2014, the Life Science division launched
a € 12 million investment in its Molsheim, France facility. This
investment will expand the Life Science division’s ready-to-use
(RTU) media manufacturing capabilities, better provide security of
supplies for customers in the region, and sustain the heipha Hycon
product lines. The increased manufacturing capacity will serve
global market demand, and will ensure sufficient capacity to
support the market growth.

The Bioscience business area launched Simplicon™ RNA
Reprogramming Technology, which uses synthetic self-replicating
RNA to create large numbers of human induced pluripotent stem
cells (iPSCs) using a single transfection step. This efficient repro-
gramming of somatic cells offers a more defined and safer system
for iPSC generation.

The Process Solutions business area expanded Provantage®
upstream bioproduction services to the North American market.
The expansion provides North American customers with media
and feed screening, small-scale material production, and optimi-
zation of conditions for scale-up and technology transfer. Process
Solutions also announced a new Formulation Lab in India, its first
outside of Europe. The Lab is strategically located at Nerul, Navi
Mumbai, with easy accessibility from the major pharmaceutical
manufacturing centers at Ahmedabad, Goa and Hyderabad. The
facilities at the lab are built to provide services and application
assistance to the pharmaceutical industry for classical pharma-
ceutical clients working on solid-dose formulations.

2014 also marked the 40" anniversary of the Steritest™ system, the
first closed filtration device for sterility testing. Since introducing
the Steritest™ system in 1974, the Life Science division has
improved standards in sterility testing, reducing the risk of false
positive and false negative results, increasing reliability and
streamlining workflows for microbiologists around the world. As
part of the celebration of 40 years of sterility testing, the Life
Science division will be launching three new pumps in 2014.

In August 2014, the Life Science division and Samsung Bio-
Logics signed a Memorandum of Understanding for a strategic
alliance in the biopharmaceutical business. The proposed alliance
is intended to encompass a long-term supply agreement in which
the Life Science division will provide raw materials for biopharma-
ceutical manufacturing.

In the third quarter of 2014, the Life Science division also
announced the opening of a new Biomanufacturing Sciences
Training Center (BSTC) facility in Tokyo, Japan. The state-of-
the-art facility is designed to help biopharmaceutical companies
develop manufacturing processes and find solutions to processing
challenges in collaboration with engineers from the Life Science
division. The goal for this facility, now the ninth of its kind for
the Life Science division, is to enhance the customer experience
by delivering innovation, quality products, and comprehensive
technological support - all major components of our product and
service portfolio offering.

In December, the Life Science division launched its first round
of new large lab water purification systems (AFS) expanding the
ability to feed high throughput analyzers.


--- Page 34 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Employees 77

EMPLOYEES

Employees are crucial to the success of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany. We are therefore focusing on recruiting the right
employees with the right capabilities at the right time and
retaining this talent. Within the context of our Group strategy
we also place particular emphasis on talent development, com-
pensation and performance management. In addition, we want
to foster employee diversity in order to be optimally positioned
to meet future challenges together with our workforce.

As of December 31, 2014, the Group had 39,639 employees
worldwide (2013: 38,154.) The slight increase in the number
of employees is largely attributable to the integration of
AZ Electronic Materials. In 2014, the company was represented
by a total of 146 companies in 65 countries.

DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES ~>
BY REGION

in % + Rest of World

Emerging Markets O/K\

/

North America rs)

ty

Q ««

Strategic initiative: “ONE Talent Development, Rewards
and Performance Management”

Within the framework of the “Fit for 2018” program, the company
launched the capability initiative “ONE Talent Development,
Rewards and Performance Management” as part of its Group
strategy. The aim is to attract highly qualified graduates from
around the world to the Group and to retain them.

Performance management

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, considers it important to iden-
tify employee potential early on and foster it on an individual
basis. We want to offer our talent attractive career opportunities,
continual personal and professional development as well as pros-
pects within the company. Our processes are also meant to help
strengthen the performance culture at the company and to ensure

that internal positions are filled in an even more efficient manner.
In 2014, we rolled out the talent and performance management
process at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, globally. The evalu-
ations of all participating employees are now carried out on the
same basis and are recorded in a uniform IT system.

In this context we systematically combine talent recognition
with the Performance Management Process, which allows us to
objectively assess the performance of each individual employee.
Clear objectives, differentiated and open feedback, and individual
development plans are important prerequisites for personal devel-
opment, as well as for the success of the company. As of 2015, the
Group will be linking the variable bonus more closely with perfor-
mance. In this way we will create greater incentives for employees
to achieve top performance, while at the same time allowing them
to participate to a greater extent in the success of the company.


--- Page 35 ---

78 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT -» FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP > Employees

Internal talent development and external recruiting
Through the aforementioned approach, the Group aims to bolster
its performance culture and develop talent in a more targeted
manner. We succeeded with this again in 2014, expanding our
workforce pool to internally fill management positions when they
become vacant. In 2014, the vast majority of management position
vacancies were also filled by internal candidates. In addition, the
company recruited external executives in order to add new out-
side perspectives to our long-standing in-house expertise.

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is using the motto “Make
great things happen” to position itself in the global job market,
which conveys to potential applicants a sense of what makes the
company unique: an inspiring, motivating work environment in
which innovations thrive; an environment in which everyone has
the opportunity to apply their ideas and engagement to benefit
customers and the company, while at the same time growing as
employees.

Focus areas: Internationality, demographics, gender ratio

In our global markets, we want to hire the right people and retain
them. It is also our goal to anchor knowledge about our growth
markets within the company. Therefore, as part of our diversity
and inclusion strategy, we are focusing on topics such as interna-
tionality, demographics and gender balance.

People from a total of 122 different nations work at Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. Only 27% of our employees are
German citizens and 72% work outside Germany.

In Germany, several other EU countries, the United States, and
Japan we must prepare ourselves for demographic change. In these
countries, the average age of our employees exceeds 40 - and we
assume that this figure will continue to rise in the coming years.
In Europe, we are addressing these demographic challenges
through various programs. These include adapting workplaces to
the needs of older employees and establishing a health manage-
ment program to maintain their ability to do their jobs. In addi-
tion, the company created the preconditions in 2014 in order to
attract the interest of even more young specialists to the Group
and to retain them.

Women currently make up 41% of the workforce. Since the
ratio of women to men varies widely across the different regions,
divisions and functions, the company has set itself the goal of
increasing the percentage of female employees wherever they are
underrepresented. Here we take into account the situation that is
typical for the industry as well as regional differences.

A diverse management team

We believe that balanced diversity among management enhances
career advancement opportunities for talented employees while
also helping to provide a broad experience base within the com-
pany. In addition, it allows for differentiated decision-making,
thereby making a significant contribution to the success of the
company.

As a global company, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, con-
siders it highly important to have an international management
team. Currently, 60% of our managers - meaning positions rated
Global Grade 14 and above in our Global Grading System - have
a nationality other than German. Altogether, 67 different nation-
alities are represented in such positions.

The percentage of management positions held by women
(Global Grade 14 and above) is currently 26% Group-wide. In the
subsidiaries outside Germany, this percentage is higher than at
global headquarters in Darmstadt. Likewise, more women work in
managerial positions in our Pharmaceuticals business than in our
Chemicals business. Certain Group functions such as IT have a
lower percentage of women in management positions. However,
the figures are clearly increasing across the Group as a whole. The
company has reached its strategic goal of raising the percentage
of management positions held by women from 25% to 30% and
intends to further increase this percentage by 2016. In order to
achieve this ambition, the Group is implementing numerous
measures at local level. In 2014, we filled two of four divisional
leadership positions with employees who are not from Germany.
In addition, Belén Garijo, a native of Spain, joined the Executive
Board and took over leadership of the Healthcare business sector
of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, at the beginning of 2015.

Workforce diversity

To us, diversity means much more than having a certain gender
ratio and is not only important to us on a managerial level, but
also throughout the entire workforce. Together with a culture of
inclusion, diversity promotes innovation and improves team per-
formance. In addition to the Chief Diversity Officer, who is respon-
sible for strategically managing diversity within the company, we
also established the Diversity Council in 2013. This aims to build
further buy-in for diversity and inclusion within the company. The
council consists of high-ranking managers from all parts of the
company. In 2014, the Diversity Council developed the Diversity
Framework, which bundles the diversity and inclusion strategies.
It focuses on the following topics: recruiting the right people to
work for the company, developing and retaining them, promoting
efficient collaboration, driving innovations and improvements,
and serving customers with diverse needs.


--- Page 36 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ FUNDAMENTAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP ~ Employees 79

In addition, the company supports specific employee networks in
order to foster exchange among like-minded individuals. In 2014,
we launched a project to develop the individual members of the
networks in a targeted manner and to utilize the potential of the
networks to an even greater extent for the Group’s business activ-
ities. The results were presented to the Diversity Council and will
be implemented in 2015.

Industrial safety

As a responsible employer, it is especially important to us to do
everything in our power to prevent workplace-related illnesses and
accidents. We apply the lost time injury rate (LTIR) as an indicator
to determine the success of measures aimed at accident prevention
as well as occupational health and safety. This internationally
recognized key performance indicator describes the number of
workplace accidents resulting in lost time of more than one day
per one million working hours. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
set itself the goal of reducing the LTIR to 2.5 by 2015. In 2014, we
again outperformed this goal, achieving an LTIR of 1.8. This con-
tinuous rate of improvement can be particularly attributed to the
“BeSafe!” program, which was launched in 2010. “BeSafe!” is a
global initiative with harmonized standards and local modules for
the specific requirements at individual sites. This program focuses
on engaging managers in the safety culture and empowering our
employees to take responsibility for their own safety. In 2014,
we continued to sensitize our employees to workplace hazards
through numerous activities and awareness campaigns.

Since 2010, the Group has been presenting the Safety Excel-
lence Award annually in order to underscore the importance of
safety. It is granted to all production sites with no workplace
accidents on record for the year. In 2014, 42 out of production 69
sites were recognized. The company also issued a Group Health
Policy in 2014. The aim is to maintain and systematically strength-
en the health and performance capability of employees.

Despite our efforts to prevent accidents, there were two work-
place accidents resulting in fatalities in 2014. In Venezuela, an
employee died in a car accident. In Pakistan, an employee was
killed while performing maintenance work on a scissor lift.

Vocational and advanced training

The Group continues to place a great deal of importance on the
vocational and advanced training of its employees. In 2014, we
therefore also maintained a constant vocational training rate at
Darmstadt, the company’s largest site. In 2014, 498 young people
were enrolled in vocational training programs at this site, in a total
of 24 different occupations. Since 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, has been giving unlimited employment contracts to all

apprentices working in occupations for which the company has
sustainable demand. The hiring rate - taking into account volun-
tary terminations - has been around 90% for several years now.
We also continue to offer vocational training to a large number of
young people at other sites.

As part of the “MobiPro-EU” program of the Federal German
Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, for the first time five young
people from Spain started an apprenticeship at the company in
Darmstadt in 2014. “Start in die Ausbildung”, a German program
to prepare young people for an apprenticeship, was continued with
20 interns, the same number as in 2013.

Our global advanced training program ensures that our em-
ployees and managers around the world develop the relevant skills
that we need in order to implement our company strategy and to
continue to succeed in the future. In 2014, we launched special
management programs in China and the Middle East, among
other things. So far, a total of 160 managers have participated.
An example is the “Emerging Markets Management” program for
young, local managers, which focuses on business management
topics, tailored to suit the Group.

Work-life balance

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, wishes to help its employees
achieve a good balance between their professional and personal
objectives. This maintains and strengthens their motivation and
performance potential, enabling them to better schedule their lives
to suit their own needs.

In Germany and the United States, the company offers various
flexible working hour models. In 2013, the Group implemented
Mywork at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany at the Darmstadt,
Gernsheim and Grafing sites for all exempt employees. The flexible
working model aims to strengthen a culture of performance and
trust within the company. Employees can choose their working
hours and work location freely. In October 2014, this was also
extended to non-exempt employees whose positions are suitable for
the working model. At the end of 2014, a total of around 3,500
employees benefited from Mywork at Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany.

Globally, 5% of our employees worked part-time in 2014. 11 %
of our part-time employees are men. In addition, the company
offers its employees throughout Germany comprehensive advice
and assistance with regard to finding childcare and nursing care,
as well as home and garden services. At various sites, employees
benefit from childcare options that Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Ger-
many, subsidizes. A daycare center with capacity for 150 children
has been operating at the Darmstadt site for more than 40 years,
financially supported by the Merck family.


--- Page 37 ---

80 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~+ Macroeconomic and sector-specific environment

REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION
MACROECONOMIC AND SECTOR-SPECIFIC ENVIRONMENT

The year 2014 was characterized by the repercussions of the
financial crisis and uncertainties regarding future economic and
political developments. According to the most recent report pub-
lished by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), global gross
domestic product (GDP) grew by 3.3% in 2014, which was 0.4 per-
centage points more than in 2013. While the industrialized coun-
tries generated an increase of 1.8%, emerging markets continued
to make the largest contribution to global growth, with GDP in
emerging economies rising by 4.4%.

The GDP of the United States, the world’s largest economy,
grew by 2.2% in 2014, which was 0.4 percentage points slower
than the 2013 forecast. Growth in the United States was stalled by
a decline in exports and a harsh winter. For the eurozone, the IMF
noted an increase of 0.8% in GDP. While particularly the countries
of southern Europe continued to struggle with the consequences
of the sovereign debt crisis, some nations, for example Germany,
showed signs of recovery.

The company’s performance was influenced by general global
trends as well as the continued growing importance of emerging
markets. In 2014, the Emerging Markets region accounted for
around 80% of The Group’s organic sales growth. While the Life
Science division generated around 50% of its sales growth in the
Emerging Markets region, the sales growth of both Performance
Materials (approx. 80%) and Consumer Health (approx. 70%) was
particularly strong in this region. The Biopharmaceuticals division
generated its sales growth nearly entirely in the Emerging Markets
region, thus compensating for a slight sales decline in Europe.

Healthcare market

IMS Health, a market research firm specialized in the health sector,
reported 8.1% sales growth for the pharmaceutical market in
2014. This sales increase approximately corresponded to the 2013
forecast. The increase was primarily attributable to emerging
markets. For instance, the pharmaceutical market of China posted
growth of 11.6% and in Latin America, the pharmaceutical market
grew by as much as 15.1%. However, after having seen slightly
declining growth rates in 2013, the United States and Europe also
reported growth of 11.7% and 2.5% respectively. According to the

market research institute Evaluate Pharma, particularly the mar-
kets for multiple sclerosis therapies and type 2 diabetes treatments
delivered above-average growth rates of 13% and 14% respective-
ly. Whereas the market for oncology therapies to treat colorectal
cancer saw a 2% decline in sales, sales of Erbitux®, one of the
Biopharmaceuticals division’s top-selling products,
organically by around 6% in this indication.

Nicholas Hall, a market research firm for the pharmaceutical

increased

industry, reported a 4.0% increase for the global over-the-counter
drug market in 2014, which fell 1 percentage point short of the
forecast made in 2013. Latin America and Asia were growth drivers
here, while Europe posted growth of 2.4%.

Market for high-tech materials

With its liquid crystals business, the Group is the leading producer
of liquid crystal mixtures for the display industry. According to
market researchers from Display Search, the display industry reg-
istered a sharper sales increase of 10% in 2014 following slightly
lower sales growth of 5% in 2013, based on the surface areas
of liquid crystal displays sold. Liquid crystals remain the leading
display technology, with growth primarily coming from the
increasing size of television screens.

The markets for automotive coatings and cosmetics are crucial
to the company’s Pigments business. As reported by the German
Automobile Industry Association (VDA), global automobile sales
increased by 2% in 2014. Declines in other markets were offset by
growth in China (+10%), as well as the United States and western
Europe (+4% each). Nevertheless, global automobile sales growth
in 2014 fell by 3 percentage points compared with 2013 (+ 5%).
According to Euromonitor International, global consumption of
materials used to produce cosmetics grew by 1.9%, with Asia
reporting the highest growth rate of 4.9%.

The semiconductor industry is one of the main sales markets
for AZ Electronic Materials, another key business for the Perfor-
mance Materials division. According to Gartner, a market research
institute specializing in technology and electronics markets, the
semiconductor industry grew by 7.2% in 2014 compared with
5.0% in 2013.


--- Page 38 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -» Macroeconomic and sector-specific environment 81

Life science market

The Life Science division is a leading supplier of products and
services for general laboratory applications, as well as for the
research, development and production of drug therapies of bio-
logical and chemical origin.

For the global laboratory product market relevant to the Lab
Solutions business, the market research firm Frost € Sullivan cal-
culated slight growth of 2.6% for 2014. Growth was thus 0.8 per-
centage points higher than the original forecast for the year 2014
(+1.8%). In terms of growth, the individual regions varied consid-
erably. In comparison with 2013, the market situation in Europe
(+1.6%) and the United States (+ 2.5%) improved, especially due
to positive market developments in Germany, the United Kingdom
and Spain, as well as an initial slight improvement in the U.S.
academic and government sectors. Emerging economies grew
much more strongly than industrialized countries; however their

11.9% share of the global market volume remains relatively low.
The main drivers of growth in emerging economies were India
(+8.7%) and China (+ 8.5%).

The demand for Process Solutions products depends heavily
on the sales as well as research € development activities of phar-
maceutical companies. Both primary influencing factors had a
positive impact on the Process Solutions market, leading to no-
ticeable growth. Global pharmaceutical sales increased by 8.1%
according to IMS Health. Moreover, research € development
spending increased by 3.2% compared with the previous year,
according to the market research firm Evaluate Pharma, and the
number of Phase I to III clinical trials continues to increase, leading
to higher demand for Process Solutions products. This is mostly
being driven by greater demand for monoclonal antibodies as well
as increased biosimilars development and biological manufactur-
ing, particularly in emerging markets.


--- Page 39 ---

82 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Reviewof forecast against actual business developments

REVIEW OF FORECAST AGAINST ACTUAL BUSINESS

DEVELOPMENTS

In the Annual Report for 2013, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
forecast slight organic sales growth for the Group in 2014, mainly
driven by the Life Science and Consumer Health divisions. For
EBITDA pre one-time items in 2014, a value at the 2013 level
was expected. This assumed that significantly reduced royalty and
license income, higher investments in research and development
activities in the Biosimilars business unit and expected negative
foreign exchange effects could be compensated for by the positive
effect resulting from the implemented efficiency measures. Busi-
ness free cash flow was forecast to decrease slightly owing to
further imminent investments in strategic growth projects.

In event of the successful acquisition and consolidation of AZ
Electronic Materials as of the second quarter of 2014, Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, had forecast a moderate increase in
Group sales and EBITDA pre one-time items as well as a slight
improvement in business free cash flow for 2014, compared with
2013.

Since the Group was able to successfully complete the acqui-
sition of AZ Electronic Materials and the first-time consolidation
of the business as of May 2, 2014, the forecast assuming the
acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials is used for the following
comparison.

Regarding the forecast of slight organic sales growth in the
Annual Report for 2013, the company showed moderate organic
sales growth of 4.0% in 2014. This was mainly attributable to the
organic sales developments of the Biopharmaceuticals division
and Performance Materials, which exceeded expectations. The
Group’s organic sales growth was reduced by negative foreign
exchange effects amounting to -1.8%. However, owing to the
appreciation of the U.S. dollar and important Asian currencies in
the fourth quarter, negative foreign exchange effects were not as
pronounced as expected. Due to the acquisition of AZ Electronic
Materials and the associated positive acquisition effect of 3.3%,
the Group achieved overall sales growth of 5.5% in the actual
course of business and thereby fulfilled its forecast of a moderate
increase in sales.

Thanks to stable sales of the drug Rebif® and organic growth
in all other key franchises, the Biopharmaceuticals division
achieved organic growth of 3.6%. Assuming that sales of Rebif®

would decline, the division still expected stable organic sales
at the beginning of 2014. The Performance Materials division
achieved organic sales growth of 4.1% due to slightly higher sales
than expected in the Liquid Crystals business unit, as well as the
good performance of the Advanced Technologies business unit.
Only slight organic growth had been forecast. As a result of
the positive acquisition effect arising from the acquisition of
AZ Electronic Materials, the Performance Materials division was
able to significantly increase sales overall as forecast. The
Consumer Health and the Life Science divisions achieved organic
sales growth of 5.4% and 4.5% respectively in accordance with
the corresponding forecasts.

As forecast, EBITDA pre one-time items of the Group, which
amounted to € 3,388 million in 2014, increased moderately in
comparison with 2013, particularly as a result of the acquisition
of AZ Electronic Materials. EBITDA pre one-time items of the
Biopharmaceuticals division declined slightly by -1.3% as ex-
pected. This was mainly attributable to lower royalty and license
income from Humira®, as well as the loss of royalty and license
income from Avonex® and Enbrel®. The Consumer Health division
did not achieve the forecast of a moderate increase in EBITDA pre
one-time items due to higher marketing and selling expenses,
showing a slight decline of 1.7% to € 169 million. In line with the
forecast, the Performance Materials division posted a significant
increase in EBITDA pre one-time items to € 895 million, due to the
integration of the AZ Electronic Materials business. Likewise as
forecast, the Life Science division posted a slight increase in EBITDA
pre one-time items to € 659 million thanks to moderate organic
sales growth. EBITDA pre one-time items of Corporate and Other
showed an improvement of 15.5% to € -166 million particularly
as a consequence of slightly higher gains from currency hedging,
thereby achieving a more positive result than expected.

Declining by -12.0% compared with 2013, the development of
the Group’s business free cash flow to € 2,605 million fell short of
forecasts. As expected, the decrease at the Biopharmaceuticals
division was caused by the initiation of further investments in
growth projects, as well as lower EBITDA pre one-time items. In
the other divisions, the increase in inventories and trade accounts
receivable was primarily responsible for the deviation.



--- Page 40 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION — Review of forecostagoinstactual business developments 83

Review of forecast against actual business developments in 2014

Guidance for 2014 provided in
Actual results

2013 Forecast 2014 in Actual results 2014
€ million Annual Report 2013 Q1/2014 Interim Report 2/2014 Interim Report 3/2014 Interim Report € million
SS
Group
11,291 (+5.5/
moderate increase, +4.0% org./
Sales 10,700 slight organic growth € 10.9-11.1 billion € 10.9-11.1 billion €11.0-11.2 billion +3.3% acquisition)
EBITDA pre 3,388
one-time items 3,253 _ moderate increase €3.3-3.4 billion €3.3-3.4 billion €3.3-3.4 billion (+ 4.1%)
Business 2,605
free cash flow 2,960 slight increase €2.7-28 billion €2.7-28 billion € 2.7-28 billion (-12.0%)
Earnings per share pre € 4.60
one-time items' €439 - €4.50-4.75 € 4.50-4.75 €4.50-4.75 (+4.8%)
Biopharmaceuticals
organic stable on a 5,783 (+1.7 %/
Sales? 5,688 comparable basis organic stable _ slight organic growth _ slight organic growth +3.69% org.)
EBITDA pre slight decline on a 1,831
one-time items? 1,855 comparable basis € 1.75-1.85 billion €1.75-1.83 billion _€ 1.77-1.83 billion (-1.3%)
Business moderate decline on a 1,577
free cash flow’ 1,787 comparable basis € 1.5-1.6 billion € 1.5-1.6 billion €1.5-1.6 billion (-11.7%)
Consumer Health
moderate increase on moderate organic moderate organic moderate organic 766 (+3.2%/
Sales? 742 a comparable basis growth growth growth +5.4% org.)
EBITDA pre moderate increase on 169
one-time items? 172 acomparable basis € 170-180 million € 170-180 million € 170-180 million (-1.7%)
Business slight increase on a 124
free cash flow’ 172 comparable basis € 150-170 million € 150-170 million € 150-160 million (— 28.1%)

Performance Materials

2,060 (+25.4%/
+4.1% org./

Sales 1,642 significant increase slight organic growth _ slight organic growth slight organic growth +22.8% acquisition)
EBITDA pre 895
one-time items 780 significant increase € 830-880 million  € 850-880 million _ € 860-880 million (+ 14.8%)
Business 700
free cash flow 788 significant increase € 720-770 million €720-770 million € 720-770 million (11.29%)
Life Science

moderate organic moderate organic moderate organic 2,682 (+2.1 %/
Sales 2,628 slight increase growth growth growth +4.5% org.)
EBITDA pre 659
one-time items 643 slight increase __€ 640-670 million € 640-670 million __€ 640-670 million (+2.5%)
Business 419
free cash flow 494 stable  € 460-490 million € 460-490 million € 460-490 million (15.29%)

Corporate and Other

EBITDA pre -166
one-time items -197 stable €-170--200 million €-160--190 million €-160--190 million (-15.5%)
Business -215
free cash flow -281 - ~ €-240 million €-200--230 million € -200--220 million (- 23.7%)

‘Based on the number of shares following the share split, which was approved by the Annual General Meeting on May 9, 2014.
Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see “The Group” in the Group management report.


--- Page 41 ---

84 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -+ Course of business and economic position

COURSE OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC POSITION

GROUP

OVERVIEW OF 2014

> Sales increase by 5.5% to € 11.3 billion - organic growth of
4.0%, acquisi
negative foreign exchange effects of - 1.8%

— Emerging Markets contribute significantly to organic sales

ion-related increases of 3.3% as well as slight

growth

— EBITDA pre one-time items increase by 4.1% to around € 3.4
billion - main drivers were the Performance Materials division
due to the first-time consolidation of AZ Electronic Materials
(AZ) as well as the successful operating business of Liquid

— Improvement in earnings per share before one-time items by
4.8% to € 4.60

~— Business free cash flow remains at a high level

— Net financial debt as of December 31, 2014 only increased
slightly to € 0.6 billion, despite payment of the AZ purchase
price of € 1.9 billion

— Only a slight adjustment to the long-term credit ratings to “A”
with negative outlook (Standard €€ Poor's) and “Baal” with
negative outlook (Moody’s), despite the announcement of the

Crystals acquisition of the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation (Sigma-Aldrich)
for around US$ 17 billion
GROUP >
KEY FIGURES
Change
€ million 2014 2013 in %

Total revenues 11,500.8 11,095.1 37

Sales 11,2915 10,700.1 55

Operating result (EBIT) 1,762.0 1,610.8 94
Margin (% of sales) 15.6 15.1

EBITDA 3,122.9 3,069.2 17
Margin (% of sales) 27.7 28.7

EBITDA pre one-time items 3,387.7 3,253.3 41
Margin (0% of sales) 30.0 30.4

Earnings per share pre one-time items (€)' 4.60 4.39 48

Business free cash flow 2,605.1 2,960.0 12.0

‘Taking into account the share split; previous year's figures have been adjusted accordingly, See “Earnings per share” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

Development of sales and results of operations

In 2014, the Group generated sales of € 11,291 million (2013:
€ 10,700 million). This represented an increase in sales of 5.5% or
€ 591 million compared with 2013. Organic growth of 4.0% was
responsible for the vast majority of this improvement. Acquisi-
tions / divestments (net) increased sales overall by 3.3% or € 355
million. The first-time consolidation of AZ in the Performance
Materials division as of May 2, 2014 made a positive contribution

of € 375 million to Group sales in 2014. Owing to the divestment
of the Life Science division’s Discovery and Development Solutions
business field, which became effective on March 31, 2014, sales
declined in comparison with 2013 by € - 20 million (see “Acquisi-
tions and divestments as well as assets held for sale and disposal
groups” in the Notes to the Group accounts). Negative foreign
exchange effects lowered sales by -1.8%.


--- Page 42 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION > Course of business and econamic position

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison
with 2013 as well as the respective organic growth rates are pre-
sented in the following overview:

85

GROUP >
SALES AND ORGANIC GROWTH BY QUARTER’

€ million /organic growth in %

%
2014
2,614
ais 2,660, @)
2013
2,796
Q2-> 2744 @
2,906
~
a3 2,659 ©
2,976
a4 2,637 +4)

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

In 2014, the Biopharmaceuticals division generated 51% of Group
sales (2013: 53%), remaining the largest division by sales. The Life
Science and Performance Materials division's followed, contribut-
ing 24% (2013: 25%) and 18% (2013: 15%) to Group sales, respec-

tively. The three percentage point increase in the contribution
of Performance Materials to Group sales is largely due to the
acquisition of AZ. As in 2013, the Consumer Health division
accounted for 7% of Group sales.

GROUP >
SALES BY DIVISION - 2014

€million/% of sales

Performance Materials > 2,059.6

Life Science > 2,682.5

Gis

%
Biopharmaceuticals > 5,783.3

Consumer Health > 766.1



--- Page 43 ---

86

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -» Course of business and economic position

GROUP >
SALES COMPONENTS BY DIVISION - 2014

Exchange rate Acquisitions /

€ million /change in % Sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change

<< a
Biopharmaceuticals 5,783.3 3.6 -1.9 - 17
Consumer Health 766.1 5.4 -22 - 3.2
Performance Materials 2,059.6 44 -15 22.8 25.4
Life Science 2,682.5 45 -1.7 -0.7 24
Group 11,291.5 4.0 -1.8 3.3 5.5

In 2014, all four divisions of the Group posted organic sales
increases with growth rates of between 3.6% and 5.4% as well as
negative foreign exchange effects of around - 2% in each division.
Achieving an organic sales growth rate of 3.6%, which correspond-
ed to an absolute increase of € 207 million, the Biopharmaceuticals
division made the strongest absolute contribution to organic sales
growth, followed by the Life Science division with organic sales

growth of € 119 million equivalent to a growth rate of 4.5% and
Performance Materials with € 67 million, or 4.1%. At 5.4%, Con-
sumer Health generated the highest organic growth rate of all the
operating divisions, equivalent to an absolute sales increase of
€ 40 million. Owing to the first-time consolidation of AZ, the Per-
formance Materials division posted the highest overall sales in-
crease of 25.4%, representing an absolute increase of € 418 million.

GROUP >
SALES BY REGION - 2014

€ million/% of sales

\

Emerging Markets + 4,250.2 oe

Rest of World > 874.5

Ze) Europe > 4,014.6
7

rs) North America > 2,152.2



--- Page 44 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION > Course of business and econamic position

Dynamic business in the Emerging Markets region, which encom-
passes Latin America and Asia excluding Japan, fueled global
organic sales growth, accounting for around 80% of the total
increase in organic sales of the Group. The growth rate in the
Emerging Markets region was 9.1%, corresponding to an absolute
organic sales increase of € 347 million. In particular, the Bio-
pharmaceuticals division was the main driver of this development.
Taking into consideration acquisition-related increases as well as
negative foreign exchange effects, the Group increased its sales in
the Emerging Markets region by a total of 12.0% to € 4,250 mil-
lion (2013: € 3,796 million). In 2014, the region thus increased its
contribution to Group sales by two percentage points to 38%.
Sales in Europe only increased slightly by 0.8% to € 4,015
million (2013: € 3,985 million). This increase was mainly attribut-

87

able to the acquisition of AZ. Europe's contribution to Group sales
thus fell to 35% (2013: 37%).

Sales in North America amounted to € 2,152 million (2013:
€ 2,078 million) and thus increased by 3.6% or € 74 million in
comparison with the previous year. With a slight organic sales
increase of 1.7% and coupled with negative exchange rate effects
of 1.8%, North America’s contribution to Group sales was 19%, as
in 2013.

The Rest of World region, i.e. Japan, Africa and Australia/
Oceania, generated € 875 million (2013: € 842 million) or 8% of
Group sales, as in the previous year. Organic and acquisition-
related growth was dampened by negative foreign exchange effects
(- 6.9%), which were mainly attributable to the Japanese yen.
Overall, sales increased by 3.9% in this region in 2014.

GROUP >
SALES COMPONENTS BY REGION - 2014

Exchange rate Acquisitions /

€ million /change in % Sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
Europe 4,014.6 0.2 -0.1 07 0.8
North America 2,152.2 17 0.1 1.8 3.6
Emerging Markets 4,250.2 91 -3.5 64 12.0
Rest of World 874.5 5.0 -69 58 3.9
Group 11,2915 4.0 -1.8 3.3 5.5



--- Page 45 ---

88 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~» REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION

The consolidated income statement of the Group is as follows:

* Course of business and economic position

GROUP >
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

2014 2013 Change

€ million in %

€ million in % € million in %

Sales 11,291.5 100.0 10,700.1 100.0 591.4 5.5
Royalty, license and commission income 209.3 1.9 395.0 37 185.7 -47.0
Total revenues 11,500.8 101.9 1,095.1 103.7 405.7 37
Cost of sales" -3,526.4 -31.2 -3,041.7 28.4 -484.7 15.9

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)! (-94.0) (-49.2) (-44.8) (91.2)
Gross profit' 7,974.4 70.6 8,053.4 75.3 -79.0  -1.0
Marketing and selling expenses! -3,104.9  -27.5 -3,088.5  -289 16.4 05

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)! (-719.0) (- 762.0) (43.0) (-5.7)
Royalty, license and commission expenses -5375  -48 -567.0  -5.3 295-52
Administration expenses -608.6  -54 -5624 53 -46.2 8.2
Research and development costs! 1,703.7 -15.1 1,506.6  -14.1 -197.1 13.1

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)! (-3.8) (-2.3) (1.5) — (64.6)
Other operating expenses and income -257.7  -23 -718.1 -67 460.4 -64.1
Operating result (EBIT) 1,762.0 15.6 1,610.8 15.1 151.2 9.4
Financial result -205.0 -18 -222.2 9 -2.1 172-77
Profit before income tax 1,557.0 13.8 1,388.6 13.0 168.4 12.1
Income tax -392.2  -3.5 -1795  -17 -212.7 118.4
Profit after tax 1,164.8 10.3 1,209.1 11.3 -44.3 -3.7
Attributable to non-controlling interests -75  -0.1 -69 -0.1 -0.6 8.4
Net income 1,157.3 10.2 1,202.2 11.2 -44.9  -3.7

‘The disclosure of amortization of intangible assets (excluding software] has been changed. See “Accounting and measurement principles" in the Notes to the Group accounts.

Royalty, license and commission income declined by - 47.0% to
€ 209 million in 2014 (2013: € 395 million). This sharp drop of
€ -186 million was mainly due to the decrease in royalty, and li-
cense and commission income in the Biopharmaceuticals division.
Total revenues (sales plus royalty, license and commission income)
rose by 3.7% to € 11,501 million (2013: € 11,095 million).
Including cost of sales, which increased by 15.9% to € 3,526
million in 2014, the Group recorded gross profit of € 7,974 million
(2013: € 8,053 million). The strong increase in cost of sales was
due among other things to organic sales growth in all divisions, as
well as the first-time consolidation of AZ. As part of the purchase
price allocation, the acquired inventories of AZ were stepped up

to fair values on the date of first-time consolidation. In 2014,
€ 45 million of this step-up was recognized as an expense in cost
of sales. In addition, cost of sales of the Performance Materials
division rose due to the amortization of intangible assets in con-
nection with the AZ purchase price allocation. Along with stron-
ger sales growth in regions with lower margins as well as isolated
production and supply bottlenecks in the Biopharmaceuticals
division, gross margin, i.e. gross profit as a percentage of sales,
declined to 70.6% (2013: 75.3 %) in 2014. In addition to the afore-
mentioned effects, the sharp decline in royalty, license and com-
mission income also had a negative effect on gross margin.


--- Page 46 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION > Course of business and econamic position

The increase in research and development costs was mainly attrib-
utable to the Biopharmaceuticals division and included in partic-
ular expenses for provisions set up for unavoidable subsequent
costs that are likely to be incurred in connection with the discon-
tinuation of clinical development programs. Consequently, 79% of

89

Group-wide research and development spending was attributable
to this division (2013: 78%). The Group research spending ratio
(research and development costs as a percentage of sales) rose
accordingly to 15.1% (2013: 14.1%).

GROUP >
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS BY DIVISION - 2014

€ million /in %

Performance Materials > 170.6

Consumer Health — 22.3

Life Science > 162.6

\\ Wy
\ QZ

IK
\

Biopharmaceuticals > 1,343.7

In 2014, the improvement in other operating expenses and income
(net) to € -258 million (2013: € -718 million) mainly reflected
the adjustment of provisions for litigation, lower expenses from
one-time items and higher foreign exchange gains (see also
“Other operating expenses and income” in the Notes to the Group
accounts). However, other operating expenses and income were
affected in 2014 by higher impairments of intangible assets in
connection with the discontinuation of clinical development pro-
grams in the Biopharmaceuticals division.

Owing to the good performance of the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, share price compared with the DAX, expenses from addi-
tions to provisions within the scope of the company’s Long-Term
Incentive Plan (LTIP) were higher in 2014 than in the previous year.
The intrinsic value of the Share Units of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, (MSUs) was recognized under the respective functional
costs in the income statement depending on the field of activity of
the eligible participants. MSUs are virtual shares in the Group that
eligible executives and employees could receive at the end of a
three-year performance period within the scope of the LTIP.

As a result of the development of income and expenses
described above, the operating result (EBIT) of the Group increased
by 9.4% to € 1,762 million in 2014.

The improvement in the financial result by € 17 million to € - 205
million was largely attributable to the positive development of the
interest result (see also “Financial Result” in the Notes to the Group
accounts).

Income tax expenses of € 392 million (2013: € 180 million) led
to a tax ratio of 25.2% (2013: 12.9%). The low tax ratio of the
previous year was attributable to one-time deferred tax income
(see also “Income Tax” in the Notes to the Group accounts).

Net income, i.e. profit after tax attributable to Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, shareholders, in 2014 was € 1,157 million
(2013: € 1,202 million). Taking the share split into account, this
resulted in earnings per share of € 2.66 (2013: € 2.77).

The key financial indicator used to steer operating business,
EBITDA pre one-time items, climbed 4.1% to € 3,388 million (2013:
€ 3,253 million). The resulting EBITDA pre margin of 30.0% nearly
reached the year-earlier level (30.4%). The reconciliation of the
operating result (EBIT) to EBITDA pre one-time items is presented
under “Internal management system of the Group”.


--- Page 47 ---

90 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -+ Course of business and economic position

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the following

overview:

GROUP >
EBITDA PRE ONE-TIME ITEMS AND CHANGE BY QUARTER’

€ million /change in 9%

%
2014
807
ais 80% @
2013
846
a2 5 na @
857
5
a3 831 2]
878
04 = @

* Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

The increase in EBITDA pre one-time items was mainly attribut-
ion, which achieved the

able to the Performance Materials di
strongest rise in EBITDA pre one-time items of all the operating
divisions with an absolute increase of € 115 million. The division
thus increased its share of Group EBITDA pre one-time items by
two percentage points to 25% (2013: 23%). This excludes the

€ -166 decline due to Corporate and Other. With a share of 51%
(2013: 54%, excluding Corporate and Other), the Biopharmaceu-
ticals division’s contribution to EBITDA pre one-time items was
the highest among all the operating divisions. The percentage
contributions of the Life Science division and Consumer Health
remained at the previous year's level of 19% and 5% respectively.

GROUP >
EBITDA PRE ONE-TIME ITEMS BY DIVISION - 2014
€ million/in %

Performance Materials + 894.8 (os

Csi] Biopharmaceuticals > 1,830.9

Consumer Health > 169.4

Not presented: Decline in Group EBITDA pre one-time items by €-166 million due to Corporate and Other.


--- Page 48 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION

Net assets and financial position

+ Course of business and economic position

91

GROUP >
BALANCE SHEET STRUCTURE
Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Change
€ million in % € million in % € million in %
Current assets 10,480.4 40.3 7,384.5 35.5 3,095.9 41.9
of which:
Cash and cash equivalents 2,878.5 980.8 1,897.7
Current financial assets 2,199.4 2,410.5 =211.41
Trade accounts receivable 2,235.6 2,021.4 214.2
Inventories 1,659.7 1,474.2 185.5
Other current assets 1,507.2 497.6 1,009.6
Non-current assets 15,529.7 59.7 13,434.1 64.5 2,095.6 15.6
of which:
Intangible assets 11,395.5 9,867.2 1,528.3
Property, plant and equipment 2,990.4 2,647.2 343.2
Other non-current assets 1,143.8 919.7 224.1
Total assets 26,010.1 100.0 20,818.6 100.0 5,191.5 24.9
Current liabilities 6,601.4 25.4 3,898.8 18.7 2,702.6 69.3
of which:
Current financial liabilities 2,075.9 440.4 1,635.5
Trade accounts payable 1,539.4 1,364.1 1753
Current provisions 561.7 494.7 67.0
Other current liabilities 2,424.4 1,599.6 824.8
Non-current liabilities 7,607.7 29.2 5,850.6 28.1 1,757.1 30.0
of which:
Non-current financial liabilities 3,561.1 3,257.5 303.6
Non-current provisions, 626.1 1011.1 =385.0
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 1,820.1 910.9 909.2
Other non-current liabilities 1,600.5 671.1 929.4
Equity 11,801.0 45.4 11,069.2 53.2 7318 66
Total liabilities and equity 26,010.1 100.0 20,818.6 100.0 5,191.5 249



--- Page 49 ---

92 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -+ Course of business and economic position

The total assets of the Group amounted to € 26,010 million as of
December 31, 2014. This represents an increase of € 5,192 million
or 24.9% over December 31, 2013 (€ 20,819 million). This sharp
increase was primarily attributable to the following developments:

The issue of a hybrid bond with a volume of € 1.5 billion as
well as higher other financial liabilities led in 2014 to an increase
of around € 1.9 billion in liquid assets as well as financial liabili-
ties, which relates to the financing of the planned acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich. Currency hedging transactions completed for the
expected purchase price payment in U.S. dollars for the acquisi-
tion of Sigma-Aldrich in 2015 resulted in high positive market
values that increased equity without affecting profit or loss as of
December 31, 2014.

Within the scope of the global alliance entered into with Pfizer
Inc., USA, in November 2014 on the development and commer-
cialization of the anti-PD-L1 antibody, the Group received an
upfront payment of US$ 850 million (€ 678 million). Based on the
collaboration agreement, the Group will co-market Xalkori®, a
drug for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, with Pfizer
in the United States and certain other major markets over a multi-
year period. Other current assets of € 294 million were capitalized
for the entitlement to the right. Both the upfront payment received
and the value of the right to co-market Xalkori® were recognized
in the balance sheet as deferred revenues under other liabilities,
leading to an increase of nearly € 1 billion in the balance sheet
total as of December 31, 2014.

Owing to a weaker euro, positive foreign exchange effects
resulted, which increased total assets by around € 0.9 billion as of
December 31, 2014.

The first-time consolidation of AZ as of May 2, 2014 also had an
effect on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014.
As part of the purchase price allocation for the AZ acquisition, the
acquired assets and liabilities were measured at fair values in the
balance sheet. On the date of first-time consolidation, this led to
an increase in intangible assets (excluding goodwill) by € 1,051
million. The goodwill from the transaction amounted to € 818 mil-
lion. The payment of the purchase price totaling € 1,875 million
was made fully in cash. Further information on the purchase price
allocation for the AZ acquisition can be found under “Acquisitions
and divestments as well as assets held for sale and disposal
groups” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

Equity increased by € 732 million to € 11,801 million (2013:
€ 11,069 million). This increase was mainly driven by total com-
prehensive income generated in 2014 (see the Consolidated State-
ment of Comprehensive Income in the consolidated financial
statements). This was countered by dividend payments, the result
transfer to E. Merck KG, Darmstadt, Germany, as well as the acqui-
sition of the non-controlling interests in AZ Electronic Materials
S.A. (see Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Equity in the
consolidated financial statements). Owing to the sharp increase in
the balance sheet total, the equity ratio declined to 45.4% as of
December 31, 2014 (2013: 53.2%).

The doubling of pension provisions to € 1.8 billion resulted
mainly from the lowering of the discount rates used to calculate
the present value of the defined benefit obligations of old-age
pension plans. The resulting actuarial losses were recognized in
the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and, taking
into account deferred taxes, lowered the equity of the Group.


--- Page 50 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION - Course of business and economic position 93

GROUP >
NET FINANCIAL DEBT

Book value Book value
Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Change
Maturity Interest rate (%) Financial Covenant € million € million € million in %

Eurobond 2010/2015
(Nominal volume

€1,350 million) March 2015 3.375 No 1,349.7 1,348.2 1.5 0.1
Eurobond 2009/2015

(Nominal volume € 100 million) Dec. 2015 3.615! No 100.0 100.0 - -
Eurobond 2006/2016

(Nominal volume €250 million) June 2016 5.875 No 218.4 222.4 -4.0 -18
Eurobond 2009/2016

(Nominal volume €60 million) Nov. 2016 4.000 No 60.0 60.0 - -
Eurobond 2009/2019

(Nominal volume €70 million) Dec. 2019 4.250 No 69.1 69.0 0.1 0.1

Eurobond 2010/2020
(Nominal volume
€1,350 million) March 2020 4.500 No 1,344.1 1,343.1 1.0 0.1

Hybrid bond KGaA 2014/2074
(Nominal volume
€ 1,000 million) Dec. 2074? 2.625? No 986.2 - 986.2 -

Hybrid bond KGaA 2014/2074
(Nominal volume

€ 500 million) Dec. 2074* 3.375° No 496.7 - 496.7 -
Total bonds 4,624.2 3,142.7 1,481.5 47.1
Other financial liabilities No 1,012.8 555.2 457.6 82.4
Total financial liabilities 5,637.0 3,697.9 1,939.1 52.4
less:
Cash and cash equivalents 2,878.5 980.8 1,897.7 193.5
Current financial assets 2,199.4 2,410.5 -211.1 -8.8
Net financial debt 559.1 306.6 252.5 82.3

‘Fixed by interest rate swaps.

2Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has the right of first-time premature repayment in June 2021 for this tranche of the hybrid bond issued in December 2014; the nominal interest rate
stated above has been fixed until this date.

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has the right of first-time premature repayment in December 2024 for this tranche of the hybrid bond issued in December 2014; the nominal interest
rate stated above has been fixed until this date.


--- Page 51 ---

94 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -+ Course of business and economic position

The increase in financial liabilities as well as liquid assets is related
to the financing of the planned acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. Net
financial debt rose by only € 252 million to € 559 million (2013:
€ 307 million), even though the payment of the purchase price
for AZ amounting to around € 1.9 billion was financed in 2014.

This illustrates yet again the high internal financing power of the
Group. Expected future cash flows such as repayments and inter-
est from financial liabilities are presented under “Management of
financial risks” in the Notes to the Group accounts.

GROUP >
WORKING CAPITAL

€million

Change
Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 € million in %

Trade accounts receivable 2,235.6 2,021.4 214.2 10.6
Inventories 1,659.7 1,474.2 185.5 12.6
Trade accounts payable -1,539.4 -1,364.1 -175.3 12.9
Working capital 2,355.9 2,131.5 224.4 10.5
% of sales 20.9% 19.9%

Working capital increased in 2014 by € 224 million. Approximately
two-thirds of this increase were due to the first-time consolidation
of AZ. Consequently, working capital increased to 20.9% of sales
(2013: 19.9%).

Business free cash flow of the Group was € 2,605 million in
2014 (2013: € 2,960 million), which did not meet the high previous

year's level. The composition of this financial indicator is presented
in the Group management report under “Internal Management
System of the Group”.

The distribution of business free cash flow across the individual
quarters as well as the percentage changes in comparison with 2013
were as follows:

GROUP >
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW AND CHANGE BY QUARTER’
€ million /change in 9%

2014

%
684

aQi-

LL 593

2013
Q2>

632

Q3 3

614

784

SS 675

853

045

730

Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 52 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION - Course of business and economic position 95

GROUP >
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW BY DIVISION - 2014

€ million /in %

Performance Materials > 699.6 2s ]

© Biopharmaceuticals > 1,577.2

} Consumer Health > 124.0

Not presented: Decline in Group business free cash flow by € -215 million due to Corporate and Other.

In 2014, all four operating divisions generated lower business free
cash flow than in 2013. The Biopharmaceuticals division generat-
ed business free cash flow amounting to € 1,577 million (2013:
€ 1,787 million), thus raising its contribution to Group business
free cash flow to 56% (2013: 55%). This excludes the decline of
€ -215 million due to Corporate and Other. Performance Materials
contributed € 700 million (2013: € 788 million) to this Group fi-
nancial indicator, equivalent to 25% (2013: 24%). Taken together,
the Life Science and Consumer Health divisions contributed 19%
(2013: 21%) to Group business free cash flow.

The investments in property, plant, equipment and software
included in the calculation of business free cash flow as well as
advance payments for intangible assets increased in 2014 by 18.2%
to a total of € 528 million (2013: € 446 million). The investments
in property, plant and equipment included therein amounted to
€ 485 million in 2014 (2013: € 408 million), of which € 220 million
was attributable to strategic investment projects each with a project
volume of more than € 2 million; the remainder was attributable
to smaller capital spending projects.

In 2014, significant investments were approved for the expan-
sion of the Darmstadt site. Some of these investments will serve to
upgrade global headquarters. This includes the construction of an
Innovation Center, a Visitors Center and an employee restaurant.
A new laboratory building involving a total investment of € 65

million will bundle the pharmaceutical research activities of the
Biopharmaceuticals division as of 2017. Moreover, OLED production
capacity in the Performance Materials division will be expanded by
an investment of € 31 million in order to meet growing market
demand.

Production facilities at two further locations of the Biopharma-
ceuticals division are being significantly expanded. At the Aubonne
site in Switzerland, € 27 million is being invested in a new pack-
aging unit and at the Bari site in Italy, € 49 million is being invested
in the expansion of the existing filling unit.

In 2014, the two rating agencies Moody’s and Standard &
Poor's adjusted the Group’s long-term credit ratings owing to the
expected higher level of debt in the course of the acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich. While Standard & Poor's has now issued a rating
of “A” with negative outlook, (previously: “A” with stable outlook),
Moody's changed its rating from “A3” with stable outlook to “Baal”
with negative outlook. An overview of the development of the
company’s rating for the period from 2009 to 2014 is presented in
the Report on Risks and Opportunities.

In October 2014, the Group renewed its Debt Issuance Program
with a volume of € 15 billion. The Debt Issuance Program forms
the contractual basis for issuing bonds, thus giving the company
flexibility in its issuing activities. It represents an important element
of the Group’s financing activities.


--- Page 53 ---

96

The development of key balance sheet figures is as follows:

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -» Course of business and economic position

GROUP >
KEY BALANCE SHEET FIGURES

in% Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Dec. 31, 2011 Dec. 31, 2010
—_— a
. . Equity
Equity ratio 45.4 53.2 48.1 47.4 46.3
Total assets
; Non-current assets
Asset ratio 59.7 64.5 69.4 71.1 74.7
Total assets
Equity
Asset coverage 76.0 82.4 69.4 66.7 62.0
Non-current assets
; Current liabilities
Finance structure 46.5 40.0 40.6 37.5 28.0

Liabilities (total)

Overall assessment of business performance and economic
situation

The Group can look back on a very successful 2014. The good
development of the operating businesses made it possible to seam-
lessly build on the excellent results of 2013. Major progress was
made with the implementation of the “Fit for 2018” transfor-
mation and growth program. With the acquisition of AZ and the
formation of strategic partnerships, the Group succeeded in secur-
ing future growth and profitability. In particular, the planned
acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich represents a milestone for the Group's
Life Science business.

Group sales increased by 5.5% to € 11.3 billion in 2014. The
acquisition of AZ, which was completed at the beginning of May
2014, increased sales by 3.3%. Sales rose not only as a result of
acquisitions, but also organically by 4.0%. Whereas in the past years
exchange rate developments of key currencies negatively affected
sales, only a slight negative effect of -1.8% resulted in 2014.

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items, which increased
in 2014 to € 3,388 million (2013: € 3,253 million), also shows the
sustainable profitability strength of the Group. Business free cash
flow amounted to € 2,605 million in 2014 (2013: € 2,960 million),
falling short of the previous year’s excellent figure.

The solid accounting and finance policy of the Group is
reflected by the very good key balance sheet figures. The equity
ratio as of December 31, 2014 was 45.4%, thus remaining at a
very good level. Net financial debt only rose from € 307 million to
€ 559 million, despite the financing of the purchase price payment
of € 1.9 billion for the acquisition of AZ. This shows that thanks
to its high financing power, the company is well-prepared for the
announced acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. Against the backdrop of
the superb liquidity position and financing base as well as the
excellent business development, the economic position of the Group
can be assessed positively overall. It represents an ideal starting
basis for future organic and inorganic growth.


--- Page 54 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION - Biopharmaceuticals 97

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS >
KEY FIGURES

million

Change
2014 2013' in %

Total revenues 5,975.0 6,060.4 -14

Sales 5,783.3 5,688.4 17

Operating result (EBIT) 956.5 793.1 20.6
Margin (% of sales) 16.5 13.9

EBITDA 1,786.0 1,786.6 -
Margin (% of sales) 30.9 314

EBITDA pre one-time items 1,830.9 1,855.1 -13
Margin (% of sales) 317 32.6

Business free cash flow 1,577.2 1,787.1 -117

' Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see "The Group" in the Group management report.

Development of sales and results of operations

In 2014, the Biopharmaceuticals division generated organic sales
growth of 3.6%. Taking negative foreign exchange effects of
-1.9% into account, divisional sales rose overall by 1.7% to
€ 5,783 million (2013: € 5,688 million). All the division’s franchises
contributed to the organic sales growth, with the highest absolute
sales increase coming from the Fertility franchise. The Oncology
franchise also achieved good organic sales growth with the bio-
pharmaceutical Erbitux®. Used in the treatment of relapsing forms

of multiple sclerosis, Rebif® performed well despite increasing
competitive pressure. From a geographic perspective, as in previous
years, the Emerging Markets region was the division’s main
growth driver, particularly in the General Medicine franchise (in-
cluding CardioMetabolic Care).

The development of sales in the individual quarters in com-
parison with 2013 as well as the respective organic growth rates
are presented in the following overview:

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS >
SALES AND ORGANIC GROWTH BY QUARTER"?

€ million /organic growth in %

ai-

Q2-

Q3 >

04>

‘Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
2Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see “The Group" in the Group management report.


--- Page 55 ---

98

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~+ Biopharmaceuticals

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS ~>
SALES BY REGION - 2014

€ million/% of divisional sales

Emerging Markets > 1,666.9 eo

North America > 1,291.9 22]

7] Rest of World — 400.2

[22] Europe > 2,424.3

Europe, the division’s top-selling region, posted a slight organic
sales decline of -1.4% and a negative foreign exchange impact of
-0.3%, thereby generating sales of € 2,424 million (2013: € 2,467
million). The share of divisional sales accounted for by Europe
declined to 42% (2013: 43%). Some western European countries
recorded a decline in sales.

At 13.5%, the strongest organic growth was achieved in
Emerging Markets, the division’s second-largest region in terms of
sales. Consequently, the share of sales generated by the Emerging
Markets region increased by two percentage points to 29 %, there-
by demonstrating the growing importance of this region. All fran-
chises contributed to the organic sales growth of the division. The
main drivers were Erbitux®, Gonal-f® (treatment of infertility) and
medications to treat cardiovascular diseases and thyroid disorders.
Taking negative currency effects of - 5.3% into account, sales rose
by a total of 8.2% to € 1,667 million (2013: € 1,540 million).

Sales in North America amounted to € 1,292 million in 2014,
which was slightly more than the previous year (2013: € 1,280
million). Rebif® and the Fertility franchise were primarily respon-
sible for the organic sales increase of 1.0%. Unfavorable foreign
exchange effects were responsible for a decline of -0.1%. The
North America region contributed 22% to the division's sales
(2013: 23%).

In the Rest of World region, sales grew organically by 5.2%,
mainly powered by the good sales performance of Erbitux® and
strong demand for products from the Fertility franchise. Including
negative exchange rate effects of -5.6%, which were primarily
attributable to the Japanese yen, sales totaled € 400 million (2013:
€ 402 million). Once again, the Rest of World region contributed
7% to divisional sales.


--- Page 56 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Biopharmaceuticals

99

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS >

SALES COMPONENTS BY REGION - 2014

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million /change in % Sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change

<< a
Europe 2,424.3 -1.4 -0.3 - -17
North America 1,291.9 1.0 -0.1 - 0.9
Emerging Markets 1,666.9 13.5 -53 - 8.2
Rest of World 400.2 5.2 -5.6 - -0.4
Biopharmaceuticals divison 5,783.3 3.6 -1.9 - 17

In 2014, sales of the key products of the Biopharmaceuticals divi-
sion developed as follows:

The drug Rebif®, which is used to treat relapsing forms of
multiple sclerosis, only posted a slight organic sales decline in
2014, despite increasing competitive pressure from oral formula-
tions. Amid currency headwinds of -1.2%, Rebif® sales amounted
to € 1,840 million (2013: € 1,865 million). In North America,
which generated 53% of Rebif® sales (2013: 51%) and is the larg-
est market for this product, sales increased to € 971 million in
2014 (2013: € 956 million). Price increases compensated for lower
sales volumes, leading to an organic sales increase of 1.5%. In
Europe, which accounts for 38% of sales (2013: 40%) and is the
second-largest region for the product, sales of Rebif® declined
organically by - 6.0% to € 698 million due to competition (2013:
€ 745 million). Together, the Emerging Markets and Rest of World
regions continued to account for a 9% share of sales.

In 2014, sales of the oncology drug Erbitux® showed organic
growth of 5.9%. Including the foreign exchange impact of - 3.4%,
which primarily stemmed from the Japanese yen and Latin Amer-
ican currencies, sales increased overall by € 22 million to € 904
million (2013: € 882 million). The Biopharmaceuticals division
achieved organic growth in all three regions in which it holds the
marketing rights. In Europe, the top-selling region for Erbitux®
with a share of 56% (2013: 57%), sales totaled € 504 million
(2013: € 501 million), which includes organic growth of 0.7% and
insignificant negative exchange rate effects. At 18.1%, the
Emerging Markets region generated the strongest organic growth,
delivering sales of € 257 million for the division’s oncology drug
(2013: € 232 million). This region’s contribution to total Erbitux®
sales thus increased to 28% (2013: 26%). In the Rest of World
region, Erbitux® sales declined slightly to € 144 million (2013:
€ 149 million), since organic growth of 4.1% was unable to offset
negative foreign exchange effects of - 7.7%. Business develop-
ments were positive in Japan, where organic growth amounted to
7.2%. This was mainly attributable to the approval of Erbitux® in
head and neck cancer.


--- Page 57 ---

100

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~+ Biopharmaceuticals

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS ~>

SALES AND ORGANIC GROWTH OF REBIF® AND ERBITUX® BY REGION - 2014

Total Europe North America Emerging Markets Rest of World
aa
€ million 1,839.8 698.0 970.7 138.5 32.6
Rebif® Organic growth in % -0.2 -6.0 15 214 -0.4
% of sales 100 38 53 7 2
€ million 903.7 503.5 - 256.6 143.6
Erbitux® Organic growth in % 59 0.7 - 18.1 44
% of sales 100 56 - 28 16
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS ~
SALES AND ORGANIC GROWTH OF KEY PRODUCTS
€ million / organic growth in %
—— %

2014
Rebif® >
2013
. 904
®
Erbitux® > 387
628
-f®
Gonal-f® > E86
es 428
Concor® >

Glucophage®

Euthyrox®

In 2014, the Biopharmaceuticals division generated organic sales
growth of 9.1% with Gonal-f®, the leading recombinant hormone
used in the treatment of infertility. Including adverse foreign ex-
change effects, sales increased by 7.1% to € 628 million (2013:
€ 586 million). Sales of Gonal-f® rose in all regions, with the
highest absolute growth achieved in the Emerging Markets region.
The other products in the Fertility portfolio also developed posi-
tively.

At € 394 million, sales by the Endocrinology franchise, which
mainly consists of products to treat metabolic and growth disor-
ders, reached the year-earlier figure. Organic growth of 2.0% was
offset by negative foreign exchange effects. Sales of the growth
hormone Saizen®, the top-selling product of this franchise, saw an
organic increase of 4.0% as well as negative foreign exchange
effects of - 3.3%. Consequently, sales amounted to € 237 million
(2013: € 235 million).

The Biopharmaceuticals division’s General Medicine franchise (in-
cluding CardioMetabolic Care), which consists of products to treat
cardiovascular diseases and diabetes, among others, generated or-
ganic sales growth of 3.9%. Including negative foreign exchange
effects, sales amounted to € 1,671 million (2013: € 1,643 million).
In particular, the organic sales growth of the beta-blocker Concor®
and organic sales of products to treat thyroid disorders (Euthy-
rox®) developed well. The decline in sales of Glucophage®, which
is used to treat diabetes, to € 378 million (2013: € 394) was large-
ly due to the impact of negative currency effects in the first half
of 2014, as well as supply constraints in Europe.


--- Page 58 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Biopharmaceuticals 101
The results of operations developed as follows:
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS >
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
2014 2013" Change
€ million in % € million in % € million in %

Sales 5,783.3 100.0 5,688.4 100.0 94.9 1.7
Royalty, license and commission income 191.7 3.3 372.0 65 -180.3 -48.5
Total revenues 5,975.0 103.3 6,060.4 106.5 -85.4 1.4
Cost of sales? -1,119.7 -19.4 -1,024.4 -18.0 -95.3 9.3

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? CO CO (A) CO
Gross profit? 4,855.3 84.0 5,036.0 88.5 -180.7 -3.6
Marketing and selling expenses? -1,780.2  -30.8 -1,813.6  -31.9 33.4 -18

(of which: amortization of intangible assets}? (-552.8) (-596.7) (43.9) (-7.4)
Royalty, license and commission expenses -5183 -9.0 -547.3 -9.6 290 -53
Administration expenses 219.7 -38 - 202.5 -3.6 -17.2 8.5
Research and development costs* -1,343.7 -23.2 -1,178.1 -20.7 -165.6 14.1

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? (-1.0) CO (-1.0) CO
Other operating expenses and income -36.9 -0.6 -501.4 -8.8 464.5 -92.7
Operating result (EBIT) 956.5 16.5 793.1 13.9 163.4 20.6
Depreciation / Amortization / Reversals of impairments 829.5 14.3 993.5 17.5 -164.0 -16.5

(of which: one-time items) (4.7) (189.1) (-184.4) (-97.5)
EBITDA 1,786.0 30.9 1,786.6 31.4 -0.6 -
Restructuring costs 42.5 62.3 -19.8  -31.8
Integration costs/IT costs 24 6.2 -38 -615
Gains / losses on the divestment of businesses - - - -
Acquisition-related one-time items - - - -
Other one-time items - - - -
EBITDA pre one-time items 1,830.9 31.7 1,855.1 32.6 -24.2 -1.3

‘Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see "The Group” in the Group management report.

2The disclosure of amortization of intangible assets (excluding software) has been changed. See “Accounting and measurement principles”

Royalty, license and commission income, which is reported under
total revenues along with sales, dropped substantially in 2014
by -48.5% to € 192 million (2013: € 372 million). This was due
primarily to lower royalty and license income from Humira®,
Avonex® and Enbrel®. Among other things, the agreement reached
with Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2013 on the co-promotion of
Glucophage® in China had a slightly positive effect on commis-
sion income in comparison with the previous year.

Taking into account the development of sales and total reve-
nues as well as cost of sales, the gross profit of the Biopharma-
ceuticals division fell by € -181 million to € 4,855 million, leading
to a gross margin of 84.0% (2013: 88.5%). This decrease was pri-

in the Notes to the Group accounts.

marily due to lower royalty, license and commission income, but
also to stronger sales growth in regions with lower margins as
well as isolated production and supply bottlenecks.

The division’s research spending ratio increased to 23.2%
(2013: 20.7%). In 2014, an assessment of the R&D pipeline took
place, leading to a prioritization of research activities and the
discontinuation of multiple research projects. Provisions, which
increased research and development costs in 2014, were set up for
future expenses of the discontinued projects. In addition, invest-
ments in the Biosimilars pipeline led to higher research and devel-
opment costs.


--- Page 59 ---

102

The strong improvement in other operating expenses and income
(net) in 2014 mainly reflected the adjustment of provisions for
litigation (see also “Other operating income and expenses” in the
Notes to the Group accounts), as well as to the reduction in one-
time expenses. Other operating expenses and income were affect-
ed by higher one-time expenses and impairments of intangible
assets in connection with the discontinuation of multiple research
projects (see “Intangible assets” in the Notes to the Group accounts).

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT + REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~+ Biopharmaceuticals

After eliminating depreciation and amortization, and adjusted for
one-time items, EBITDA pre one-time items declined by -1.3% to
€ 1,831 million and the EBITDA margin pre one-time items was
31.7% (2013: 32.6%).

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the indi-
vidual quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the fol-
lowing overview:

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS ~
EBITDA PRE ONE-TIME ITEMS AND CHANGE BY QUARTER"?
€ million /change in 9%

435

%

LAA 438

452

LAA 475

Ss 149

LL 467

192

2014
ais

2013
a2
035
a4

LAA 475

‘Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
2Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see “The Group" in the Group management report.

Development of business free cash flow

In 2014, the Biopharmaceuticals division's business free cash flow
amounted to € 1,577 million, falling short of the very high level
of € 1,787 million in 2013. The decline of € 210 million was attrib-

utable to both higher capital spending as well as the development
of inventories as well as trade accounts receivable, with foreign
exchange effects accounting for the increase in both balance sheet
items in 2014.

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS ~>
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW

Change
€ million 2014 2013" in %
——
EBITDA pre one-time items 1,830.9 1,855.1 -13
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software
as well as advance payments for intangible assets 229.5 -164.3 39.7
Changes in inventories =218 417 -152.0
Changes in trade accounts receivable -24 54.6 =104.4
Business free cash flow 1,577.2 1,787.1 -11.7

' Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see “The Group" in the Group management report.


--- Page 60 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION - Biopharmaceuticals 103

The development of business free cash flow in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the following

overview:

BIOPHARMACEUTICALS >
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW AND CHANGE BY QUARTER"?

€ million / change in %
_ %
2014
480

an LL 340 @
2013
SS 337

a2 a
SEE 377

a3 512 3
es 323

a4 449 43)

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see “The Group” in the Group management report.


--- Page 61 ---

104 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~» REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION + Consumer Health

CONSUMER HEALTH

CONSUMER HEALTH ~
KEY FIGURES

€ million

Change
2014 2013" in %

Total revenues 768.8 745.0 3.2

Sales 766.1 742.1 3.2

Operating result (EBIT) 149.9 162.1 -75
Margin (% of sales) 19.6 21.8

EBITDA 160.4 171.0 -6.2
Margin (% of sales) 20.9 23.0

EBITDA pre one-time items. 169.4 172.4 -1.7
Margin (% of sales) 22.1 23.2

Business free cash flow 124.0 172.5 -28.1

' Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see “The Group" in the Group management report.

Development of sales and results of operations

In 2014, sales by the Consumer Health division rose 3.2% to € 766
million (2013: € 742 million). Organic growth of 5.4% was coun-
tered by a negative foreign exchange impact of - 2.2%. Organic
sales growth was mainly driven by the strategic brands Neurobion®,

Femibion® and Floratil®, as well as by local brands in Germany,
where an increase in the market share of Femibion® was achieved.

The development of sales in the individual quarters in com-
parison with 2013 as well as the respective organic growth rates
are presented in the following overview:

CONSUMER HEALTH ~
SALES AND ORGANIC GROWTH BY QUARTER"?

€ million /organic growth in %

2014
ai

2013
a2
03 5
a4

Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see “The Group" in the Group management report.


--- Page 62 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Consumer Health

105

CONSUMER HEALTH >
SALES BY REGION - 2014

€ million /% of divisional sales V

Ss
G7

-
Emerging Markets + 385.8

3 ] Rest of World > 18.7

— C+) Europe > 361.1

\
\

e North America > 0.5

From a geographic perspective, the division’s two most important
regions, namely Emerging Markets and Europe, delivered solid or-
ganic growth rates. The Emerging Markets region, which accounts
for 50% of sales (2013: 51%) and is the division’s largest region,
posted organic sales growth of 7.1% and a negative foreign ex-
change impact of - 4.6%. Sales in this region thus increased by a
total of 2.5% to € 386 million (2013: € 376 million). Neurobion®
in particular proved to be a growth driver and achieved double-
digit growth rates in Latin America. Sales benefited from the focus
on consumer-oriented marketing activities. For instance in the
growth market of Brazil, the anti-diarrheal Floratil® achieved a
double-digit growth rate. In Asia, the growth drivers included not
only Neurobion® but also the iron supplement Sangobion®. The

performance of these two brands was very strong particularly in
Indonesia and the Philippines.

In Europe, the Consumer Health division generated organic
sales growth of 4.6% supported by positive foreign exchange
effects of 0.6%, which led to an increase in sales to € 361 million
(2013: € 343 million). Strong sales volumes of Femibion®, a nutri-
tional supplement for pregnant women, local brands in Germany
as well as Apaisyl®, a French brand of insect repellent and skin
care products, more than offset weaker demand for Bion® as well
as Nasivin®, which, for example, was impacted by a mild winter.
The share of divisional sales accounted for by Europe remained
constant at 47% in 2014 (2013: 46%).

CONSUMER HEALTH >
SALES COMPONENTS BY REGION - 2014

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million /change in % Sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change

—— a
Europe 361.1 46 0.6 - 5.2
North America 05 -56.5 1.6 - -54.9
Emerging Markets 385.8 7 -4.6 - 25
Rest of World 18.7 -8.0 -53 - -13.3
Consumer Health 766.1 5.4 -2.2 - 3.2



--- Page 63 ---

106

The results of operations developed as follows:

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION

* Consumer Health

CONSUMER HEALTH ~
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2014 2013" Change

€ million in % € million in % € million in %

Sales 766.1 100.0 742.1 100.0 24.0 3.2
Royalty, license and commission income 27 04 29 04 -02 -5.0
Total revenues 768.8 100.4 745.0 100.4 23.8 3.2
Cost of sales? =250.7 -32.7 =243.0  -32.7 -77 3.2
(of which: amortization of intangible assets}? OO (a OO CO
Gross profit? 518.1 67.6 502.0 67.6 16.1 3.2
Marketing and selling expenses? -303.1  -39.6 -287.2  -38.7 -15.9 5.6
(of which: amortization of intangible assets}? (-27) (-24) (-03) (15.8)
Royalty, license and commission expenses -26  -03 -24  -03 -0.2 6.2
Administration expenses -272  -36 -269 -3.6 -03 0.9
Research and development costs? -223 -29 -218  -29 -05 24
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)? OO (a OO CO
Other operating expenses and income -13.0 9-17 -15  -0.2 -11.5 -
Operating result (EBIT) 149.9 19.6 162.1 21.8 -12.2 0 -7.5
Depreciation / Amortization / Reversals of impairments 10.5 14 89 1.2 16 «17.6
(of which: one-time items) -) io} ~) -)
EBITDA 160.4 20.9 171.0 23.0 -10.6 -6.2
Restructuring costs 9.0 1.2 78 -
Integration costs/IT costs - - - -
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses - - - -
Acquisition-related one-time items - - - -
Other one-time items - 0.2 -0.2 -
EBITDA pre one-time items 169.4 22.1 172.4 23.2 -3.0  -1.7

‘Previous year’s figures have been adjusted, see “The Group" in the Group management report.
*The disclosure of amortization of intangible assets (excluding software) has been changed. See “Accounting and measurement principles" in the Notes to the Group accounts.

In 2014, the division’s gross profit rose by 3.2% to € 518 million.
Consequently, gross margin was unchanged at 67.6%. Higher
marketing and selling expenses were largely related to the estab-
lishment of a consumer-oriented global marketing concept of the
division to strengthen strategic brands. The decline in other operat-
ing expenses and income (net) to € -13 million (2013: € -2 million)

was primarily attributable to the one-time expenses for restructur-

ing measures included under this item. Adjusted for amortization
and one-time items, the Consumer Health division reported EBITDA
pre one-time items of € 169 million (2013: € 172 million), thus
nearly reaching the earnings level of 2013 despite higher market-
ing and selling expenses. The EBITDA margin pre one-time items
was 22.1% in 2014 (2013: 23.2%).


--- Page 64 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Consumer Health

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the following
overview:

107

CONSUMER HEALTH >
EBITDA PRE ONE-TIME ITEMS AND CHANGE BY QUARTER"?

SS 41

%

A 39

SS 41

__ Le 35

49

€ million /change in %
2014
ai-
2013
a2
Q3 >
04>

Ss 38

58

A 39

‘Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
2Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see “The Group" in the Group management report.

Development of business free cash flow

In 2014, business free cash flow of the Consumer Health division
declined by € -48 million or - 28.1% to € 124 million. This de-
crease was primarily the outcome of changes in inventories and
trade accounts receivable in comparison with the previous year.

The increase in these two balance sheet items lowered business
free cash flow in 2014, whereas their development in 2013 had a
positive impact on this financial indicator. Higher capital spend-
ing in 2014 also lowered business free cash flow.

CONSUMER HEALTH >
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW

Change
€ million 2014 2013' in %
EBITDA pre one-time items 169.4 172.4 -17
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software as well as
advance payments for intangible assets -10.5 -41 160.0
Changes in inventories = 20.6 2.0 -
Changes in trade accounts receivable -143 22 -
Business free cash flow 124.0 172.5 28.1

‘Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see "The Group” in the Group management report.


--- Page 65 ---

108 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~» REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION + Consumer Health

The development of business free cash flow in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the following

overview:

CONSUMER HEALTH ~
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW AND CHANGE BY QUARTER"?

€ million /change in 9%

%
2014
16

1+ ST 22.)
2013
Se 36

a2 5 a 203)
es 13

=
a3 ee 37 S
58
04s - @

* Quarterly breakdown unaudited.
2Previous year's figures have been adjusted, see “The Group" in the Group management report.


--- Page 66 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Performance Materials

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

109

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS +
KEY FIGURES

million

Change
2014 2013 in %

Total revenues 2,060.5 1,644.4 25.3

Sales 2,059.6 1,642.1 25.4

Operating result (EBIT) 6115 653.3 -64
Margin (% of sales) 29.7 39.8

EBITDA 803.6 765.8 49
Margin (% of sales) 39.0 46.6

EBITDA pre one-time items 894.8 779.7 148
Margin (% of sales) 43.4 475

Business free cash flow 699.6 787.8 =11.2

Development of sales and results of operations
In 2014, sales of the Performance Materials division grew by 25.4%
to € 2,060 million (2013: € 1,642 million). Both solid organic
growth of 4.1% as well as acquisition-related sales increases of
22.8% or € 375 million contributed to this increase. Adverse foreign
exchange effects lowered sales by -1.5%. Organic growth was
delivered by all the existing business units, namely Liquid Crystals,
Pigments € Cosmetics and Advanced Technologies, with Liquid
Crystals making the largest absolute contribution to sales growth.
The acquisition-related sales growth was due to the first-time con-
solidation of AZ as of May 2, 2014, the integration of which has
been completed.

The Liquid Crystals business unit again maintained its market
leadership position in liquid crystal materials in 2014. The two
leading technologies (PS-VA and IPS) registered strong organic

sales growth thanks to continued demand for high-quality (e.g.
ultra high-definition) and large-size televisions. This growth was
also bolstered by sales volume developments of the new UB-FFS
technology, which is mainly used in smartphones and tablet PCs.
Higher sales volumes were partly offset by the customary price
declines for liquid crystals.

The Pigments € Cosmetics business unit achieved slight organic
sales growth in 2014. Xirallic® pigments, which are primarily used
in automotive coatings, as well as technical functional materials
were the main drivers. Including negative currency effects, sales
of the Pigments & Cosmetics business unit reached the year-earlier
level.

Thanks to higher demand for OLED displays, the Advanced
Technologies business unit made a good contribution to the organic
growth of the division.


--- Page 67 ---

110 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -» Performance Materials

The development of sales in the individual quarters in comparison
with 2013 as well as the respective organic growth rates are
presented in the following overview:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS ~>
SALES AND ORGANIC GROWTH BY QUARTER*

€ million /organic growth in %

ai-

Q2>

Q3 >

a4

* Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS ~>
SALES BY REGION - 2014

€ million/% of divisional sales

Europe > 192.8
Rest of World > 207.6

North America > 134.8

Emerging Markets > 1,524.4



--- Page 68 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Performance Materials

Accounting for 74% of sales (2013: 75%), the Emerging Markets
region again generated the vast majority of the division’s sales.
This is due to the concentration of liquid crystal customers as well
as high-tech materials from the new AZ business unit in Asia. The
division achieved organic sales growth of 4.4% in this region.
Sales in the Emerging Markets region rose by 19.8% due to the
acquisition of AZ. Taking negative foreign exchange effects of
-0.9% into account, sales in this region rose to a total of € 1,524
million (2013: € 1,237 million).

The Rest of World region, which is dominated by Japan,
recorded organic sales growth of 10.4%. The acquisition of AZ
contributed 31.9% of this increase. Including a foreign exchange
impact of - 8.9%, which largely stemmed from the Japanese yen,

111

sales in this region reached € 208 million (2013: € 156 million).
The share of sales attributable to the Rest of World region thus
remained unchanged at 10%.

The division achieved sales of € 193 million in Europe (2013:
€ 164 million). The rise in sales was almost solely attributable to
the first-time consolidation of AZ. The European share of divi-
sional sales in 2014 was 9% (2013: 10%).

In North America, sales grew by 57.5% to € 135 million (2013:
€ 86 million). This was driven by the acquisition-related sales
increase of 61.4%. Organic sales declined by -4.3% due to
weaker demand from the cosmetic industry for products from the
Pigments €€ Cosmetics business unit. Consequently, the region
contributed 7% to divisional sales in 2014 (2013: 5%).

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS +
SALES COMPONENTS BY REGION - 2014

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million /change in % Sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change

—— a
Europe 192.8 0.4 0.1 16.9 174
North America 134.8 -43 04 61.4 57.5
Emerging Markets 1,524.4 44 -0.9 19.8 23.3
Rest of World 207.6 10.4 -89 31.9 33.4
Performance Materials 2,059.6 41 -1.5 22.8 25.4



--- Page 69 ---

112

The results of operations developed as follows:

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION

* Performance Materials

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS ~>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2014 2013 Change

€ million in % € million in % € million in %

Sales 2,059.6 100.0 1,642.1 100.0 417.5 25.4
Royalty, license and commission income 09 0.0 23 0.1 -14 -63.1
Total revenues 2,060.5 100.0 1,644.4 100.1 416.1 25.3
Cost of sales’ =983.2 47.7 =617.1  -37.6 =366.1 593

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)’ (-46.4) (1.2) (-45.2) C)
Gross profit’ 1,077.3 52.3 1,027.3 62.6 50.0 4.9
Marketing and selling expenses! -1778  -86 -151.6  -9.2 =262 173

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)’ (-11.7) (-11.1) (06) (6.0)
Royalty, license and commission expenses “11-04 -13 -0.1 02. -13.4
Administration expenses -56.1  -27 -278 17 =283 1014
Research and development costs" -1706  -83 -1454  -89 =252 174

(of which: amortization of intangible assets)’ (-28) (-23) (05) (22.6)
Other operating expenses and income -602 -29 -479  -29 123 259
Operating result (EBIT) 611.5 29.7 653.3 39.8 -418 -6.4
Depreciation / Amortization / Reversals of impairments 192.1 93 112.5 69 79.6 709

(of which: one-time items) O (3.7) (3.7) a
EBITDA 803.6 39.0 765.8 46.6 37.8 4.9
Restructuring costs 60 1 -5.1 -46.1
Integration costs/IT costs 12.2 28 9.4 -
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses 4.6 - 4.6 -
Acquisition-related one-time items 68.4 - 68.4 -
Other one-time items - - - -
EBITDA pre one-time items 894.8 43.4 779.7 475 115.1 14.8

‘The disclosure of amortization of intangible assets (excluding software) has been changed. See “Accounting and measurement principles" in the Notes to the Group accounts.

The development of the results of operations was significantly influ-
enced by the inclusion of AZ. In particular, the sharp increase in
cost of sales in 2014 related mainly to the first-time consolidation
of AZ. The inventories from the acquisition were stepped up to fair
values on the date of first-time consolidation. In 2014, the step-up
of € 45 million was included as an expense in cost of sales. In
addition, cost of sales rose due to the amortization of intangible
assets in connection with the AZ purchase price allocation. As a
consequence of these one-time expenses, the consolidated contri-
bution of AZ to divisional gross profit was low in 2014. The gross
margin of Performance Materials fell accordingly to 52.3% (2013:
62.6%). The decrease in the operating result (EBIT) to € 611 mil-

lion was due among other things to the described AZ inventory
revaluation, which was recognized as an expense as well as addi-
tional one-time expenses in connection with the acquisition of
AZ. During the determination of EBITDA pre one-time items,
these one-time effects from the inventory revaluation were added
back. EBITDA pre one-time items thus includes the adjusted earn-
ings contribution from AZ. Along with the very successful busi-
ness performance of Liquid Crystals, EBITDA pre one-time items
thus rose in 2014 by 14.8% to € 895 million. The EBITDA margin
pre one-time items fell to 43.4% (2013: 47.5%), reflecting in par-
ticular the lower margin of the AZ business.


--- Page 70 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Performance Materials

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the following

overview:

113

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS +
EBITDA PRE ONE-TIME ITEMS AND CHANGE BY QUARTER*

€ million /change in %

ee 186 a
ai ~
2013 226
a =< @
243
a3 > 197 @
as »@®

__ LL 167

* Quarterly breakdown unaudited.

Development of business free cash flow

In 2014, the Performance Materials division generated business
free cash flow of € 700 million (2013: € 788 million). The sharp
increase in trade accounts receivable as well as inventories was
related to the acquisition of AZ, among other things. This first-

time consolidation effect was offset by the adjustment amounting
to € 145 million. Higher capital spending in 2014 also lowered
cash flow. Consequently, the improvement in EBITDA pre one-
time items could not offset the higher level of cash outflows

overall.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS +
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW

Change

€ million 2014 2013 in %

—

EBITDA pre one-time items 894.8 779.7 148
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software

as well as advance payments of intangible assets -97.6 <7 36.1

Changes in inventories = 98.8 37.2 -

Changes in trade accounts receivable 143.4 42.6 -

Adjustments first-time consolidation of AZ Electronic Materials 144.6 - -

Business free cash flow 699.6 787.8 =11.2



--- Page 71 ---

114 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION -» Performance Materials

The development of business free cash flow in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the following

overview:

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS ~>
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW AND CHANGE BY QUARTER!

€ million /change in 9%
2014
aia

Q3 >

a4

2013 ;
a 179
a2 > LL 202 @

* Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 72 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Life Science

LIFE SCIENCE

115

LIFE SCIENCE >

KEY FIGURES
Change
€ million 2014 2013 in %
Total revenues 2,696.5 2,645.3 19
Sales 2,682.5 2,627.5 21
Operating result (EBIT) 289.2 262.0 10.4
Margin (% of sales) 10.8 10.0
EBITDA 598.9 589.8 15
Margin (% of sales) 22.3 22.4
EBITDA pre one-time items 658.6 642.8 25
Margin (% of sales) 24.6 24.5
Business free cash flow 419.0 493.8 -15.2

Development of sales and results of operations

In 2014, the Life Science division posted solid organic sales growth
of 4.5%, which was driven by Process Solutions. The organic
increase was countered by negative foreign exchange effects of
-1.7%. In addition, the division’s sales declined by -0.7% in
comparison with 2013 owing to the divestment of the Discovery

and Development Solutions business field as of March 31, 2014.
Including these effects, sales rose overall by 2.1% to € 2,682 mil-
lion (2013: € 2,628 million). The development of sales in the indi-
vidual quarters in comparison with 2013 as well as the respective
organic growth rates are presented in the following overview:

LIFE SCIENCE >
SALES AND ORGANIC GROWTH BY QUARTER’

€ million /organic growth in %
2014
ai-

es 657

%

SS )

2013
Q2-

659

LASS CCC

SS 661

Q3 >

LAA 639

a4

706

654

* Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 73 ---

116

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~> Life Science

LIFE SCIENCE >
SALES BY REGION - 2014

€ million/% of divisional sales

Emerging Markets > 673.1 2s ]

Rest of World > 248.1

—@ Europe — 1,036.3

North America > 725.0 >

In 2014, the Life Science division achieved organic growth in all
regions. Accounting for an unchanged 39% of divisional sales,
Europe remained the division’s largest geographic market, deliver-
ing organic growth of 2.7% and sales of € 1,036 million (2013:
€ 1,010 million). In this region, the strong sales increases achieved
by the Process Solutions business area more than offset the slight-
ly weaker business of the Lab Solutions and Bioscience business
areas.

In North America, the di
of 3.7%, which was mainly driven by the Process Solutions busi-
ness area and its products for biopharmaceutical manufacturing,

ision achieved organic sales growth

supported by the solid sales performance of the Lab Solutions
business area. Sales in North America rose to € 725 million (2013:
€ 711 million), which represented an unchanged share of 27% of
the Life Science division’s global sales in 2014.

Sales developed very positively in the Emerging Markets region,
which delivered organic sales growth of 9.1%. Despite currency
headwinds of - 4.2%, sales rose to € 673 million (2013: € 642
million). The strong organic sales development was fueled by
good demand for products from all the division's business areas,
with Process Solutions delivering double-digit growth rates in
particular. The share of divisional sales generated by the Emerging
Markets region therefore increased by one percentage point to 25%.

As a result of significant currency headwinds of - 7.8%, espe-
cially relative to the Japanese yen, sales in the Rest of World region
declined to € 248 million (2013: € 263 million). With slight organic
growth of 2.5%, this region’s share of divisional sales declined to
9% (2013: 10%).


--- Page 74 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Life Science

117

LIFE SCIENCE >
SALES COMPONENTS BY REGION - 2014

Exchange rate Acquisitions/

€ million /change in % Sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change

<< a
Europe 1,036.3 27 0.3 -0.4 26
North America 725.0 37 0.2 -2.0 19
Emerging Markets 673.1 9.1 -4.2 -0.1 48
Rest of World 248.1 25 -78 -0.4 -5.7
Life Science division 2,682.5 45 -1.7 -0.7 241

The sales performance of each of the division’s three business ar-
eas varied in 2014. Whereas the two top-selling business areas,
Lab Solutions and Process Solutions, generated higher sales due to
price and volume increases, sales of the Bioscience business area
nearly remained stable.

The Process Solutions business area, which markets products
and services for the pharmaceutical production value chain, gen-
erated sales organic growth of 8.9%, which was the highest rate
within the Life Science division. This increase resulted mainly
from higher demand from the biotech industry for purification
and sterilization products as well as filtration systems. Taking into
account negative foreign exchange effects of -1.1% as well as the
-1.8% decrease in sales due to the divestment of the Discovery
and Development Solutions business field, sales amounted to
€ 1,187 million in 2014 (2013': € 1,121 million). Process Solutions
thus accounted for 44% of divisional sales (2013: 43%).

' Previous year's figures have been adjusted owing to an internal reorganization

Sales by Lab Solutions, which accounted for a 41% share (2013:
42%) of divisional sales, generated organic sales growth of 1.9%
with its broad range of products for researchers and scientific lab-
oratories. Currency headwinds of - 2.4% led to slightly lower sales
of € 1,093 million (2013: € 1,099 million) for the business area.
Higher sales were primarily achieved by the Lab Water and Bio-
monitoring business fields.

The Bioscience business area, which primarily markets prod-
ucts and services for academic and pharmaceutical research labo-
ratories, recorded a slight organic sales decline of - 0.5%. Includ-
ing adverse foreign exchange effects of -0.9%, sales amounted
to € 402 million (2013': € 408 million). Here, for instance, lower
demand for antibodies dampened sales. However, this was largely
mitigated by higher demand from diagnostic laboratories for cell
analysis products. At 15%, the business area’s share of divisional
sales was unchanged in 2014.


--- Page 75 ---

118 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

» REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION

+ Life Science

LIFE SCIENCE >
SALES COMPONENTS BY BUSINESS AREA - 2014

Exchange rate

Acquisitions /

€ million/ change in % Sales Organic growth effects divestments Total change
SS
Bioscience 402.5 -0.5 -09 - -14
Lab Solutions 1,092.6 1.9 -24 - -0.5
Process Solutions 1,187.4 8.9 -1.1 -18 6.0
The results of operations developed as follows:
LIFE SCIENCE >
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
2014 2013 Change
€ million in % € million in % € million in %
Sales 2,682.5 100.0 2,627.5 100.0 55.0 2.1
Royalty, license and commission income 14.0 0.5 178 07 -38 -214
Total revenues 2,696.5 100.5 2,645.3 100.7 51.2 1.9
Cost of sales’ -1,168.7.  -43.6 -1,152.3 -43.9 -16.4 14
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)’ (-47.6) (48.0) (0.4) (-0.8)
Gross profit’ 1,527.8 57.0 1,493.0 56.8 34.8 2.3
Marketing and selling expenses’ -844.1 -31.5 -835.2 -318 -8.9 1
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)’ (-151.8) (-151.9) (0.1) (-0.1)
Royalty, license and commission expenses -156  -0.6 -16.1 -06 05  -31
Administration expenses -110.4 -4.1 99.2 -38 -11.2 11.3
Research and development costs' -162.6 -6.1 -159.8 -61 -28 18
(of which: amortization of intangible assets)’ O CO CO a)
Other operating expenses and income -105.9 -3.9 -120.7 -46 14.8 12.3
Operating result (EBIT) 289.2 10.8 262.0 10.0 27.2 10.4
Depreciation / Amortization / Reversals of impairments 309.7 11.5 327.8 12.5 -18.1 -5.6
(of which: one-time items) ) (17.3) (-17.3) (-)
EBITDA 598.9 22.3 589.8 22.4 9.1 1.5
Restructuring costs 119 25.4 -13.5  -53.2
Integration costs/IT costs 31.6 23.9 77 32.5
Gains/losses on the divestment of businesses -0.4 0.5 -09 -
Acquisition-related one-time items 16.6 - 16.6 -
Other one-time items - 3.2 -3.2 -
EBITDA pre one-time items 658.6 24.6 642.8 24.5 15.8 2.5

‘The disclosure of amortization of intangible assets (excluding software) has been changed. See “Accounting and measurement principles" in the Notes to the Group accounts.


--- Page 76 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Life Science

Despite higher production costs and slightly lower royalty, license
and commission income, gross profit rose by 2.3% in 2014 to
€ 1,528 million, leading to a higher gross margin of 57.0% (2013:
56.8%). In comparison with the previous year, the Life Science
division increased its operating result (EBIT) by 10.4% to € 289
million. After eliminating depreciation and amortization, and
adjusted for one-time items, EBITDA pre one-time items, the most

119

important performance indicator, climbed 2.5% to € 659 million,
which was mainly due to an increase in gross profit. This resulted
in a stable EBITDA margin pre one-time items rise of 24.6%.
(2013: 24.5%).

The development of EBITDA pre one-time items in the indi-
vidual quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the fol-
lowing overview:

LIFE SCIENCE >
EBITDA PRE ONE-TIME ITEMS AND CHANGES BY QUARTER'

€ million /change in %

aia

Q2-

Q3 >

04>

"Quarterly breakdown unaudited,

Development of business free cash flow

Despite higher EBITDA pre one-time items, business free cash flow
of the Life Science division decreased to € 419 million in 2014
(2013: € 494 million). The decline of -15.2% was largely due to
the increase in trade accounts receivable in 2014. Higher capital

spending as well as an increase in inventories as of December 31,
2014 also lowered this key performance indicator. The increase
in the two balance sheet items inventories and receivables as of
December 31, 2014 was especially due to foreign exchange effects.

LIFE SCIENCE >
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW

Change
€ million 2014 2013 in %
EBITDA pre one-time items 658.6 642.8 25
Investments in property, plant and equipment, software

as well as advance payments for intangible assets -141.0 -121.7 15.9
Changes in inventories = 44.2 -21.3 107.8
Changes in trade accounts receivable = 54.4 -6.0 -
Business free cash flow 419.0 493.8 15.2



--- Page 77 ---

120 GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~» REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION ~ Life Science

The development of business free cash flow in the individual
quarters in comparison with 2013 is presented in the following

overview:

LIFE SCIENCE >
BUSINESS FREE CASH FLOW AND CHANGE BY QUARTER!

€ million /change in 9%

%
2014
54
a1 > ee 81 22)
2013
125
a2 5 a @
es 109
s
a3 139 2
131
a4 > es 117 5)

* Quarterly breakdown unaudited.


--- Page 78 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ REPORT ON ECONOMIC POSITION - Corporate and Other 121

CORPORATE AND OTHER

Corporate and Other comprises Group administration expenses for
Group functions that cannot be directly allocated to the divisions,
such as Finance, Procurement, Legal, Communications and Human
Resources. Corporate costs additionally encompass expenses for
central, non-allocated IT functions, including expenses related to

the expansion and harmonization of IT systems within the Group.
Accordingly, Corporate and Other has no sales to report. Gains or
losses on operational currency hedging are also disclosed under
Corporate and Other.

CORPORATE AND OTHER ~
KEY FIGURES

million

Change

2014 2013 in %
aa

Operating result (EBIT) -245.1 -259.7 -5.6
EBITDA 226.0 -244.0 -73
EBITDA pre one-time items -166.0 -196.7 -15.5
Business free cash flow -2147 = 281.2 -237

In 2014, administration expenses reported under Corporate and
Other decreased to € 195 million (2013: € 206 million). The net
amount of operating expenses and income improved to € - 42 mil-
lion (2013: € - 47 million), as increased operating foreign currency
gains more than offset the higher level of one-time items. In 2014,
the foreign currency result showed income of € 53 million (2013:
€ 32 million) and one-time expenses amounted to € 60 million
(2013: € 47 million).

Overall, EBIT improved 5.6% to € - 245 million (2013: € - 260 mil-
lion) and EBITDA by 7.3% to € - 226 million (2013: € - 244 mil-
lion). Adjusted for one-time effects, EBITDA pre one-time items
totaled € -166 million in 2014 (2013: € -197 million). The business
free cash flow reported under Corporate and Other amounted to
€ -215 million in 2014 (2013: € -281 million).


--- Page 79 ---

122

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks ond Opportunities

REPORT ON RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

Risks and opportunities are inherent to entrepreneurial activity.
The Group has put systems and processes in place to identify risks
at an early stage and to counteract them by taking appropriate
action. At Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, opportunity man-
agement is an integral component of internal decision-making
processes such as short- and medium-term operational planning
and intra-year business plans.

RISK AND OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is part of a complex, global
business world and is therefore exposed to a multitude of external
and internal influences. Every business decision is therefore based
on the associated risks and opportunities.

In our internal risk reporting, risks are defined as possible fu-
ture events or developments that could lead to a negative deviation
from our forecast (financial) targets. In parallel, opportunities are
defined as possible events or developments that imply a positive
deviation from our planned (financial) targets. Identified future
events and expected developments are taken into account in inter-
nal planning provided that it can be assumed that their occurrence
is likely in the planning period. The risks and opportunities pre-
sented in the following risk and opportunities report are those
possible future events that could respectively lead to a negative or
positive deviation from the topics covered by planning.

Risk management process

The objective of our risk management activities is to recognize,
assess and manage risks early on and to implement appropriate
measures to minimize them. The responsibilities, objectives and
process of risk management are described in our internal risk
management guideline. The business heads, managing directors of
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, subsidiaries, and the heads of
Group functions are specified as employees with responsibility for
risks. The group of consolidated companies for risk reporting
purposes is the same as the group of consolidated companies for
the consolidated financial statements. Every six months, the risk
owners assess their risk status and report their risk portfolio to
Risk Management. The Group uses special risk management soft-
ware in the context of these activities.

If risk-mitigating measures can be taken, their impact on risk
is also assessed. The residual risk after the implementation of
mitigation measures is presented in the internal risk report as net
risk. The planned timeframe for implementation and the assumed
mitigation effect are tracked by Group Risk Management.

Group Controlling & Risk Management forms the organizational
framework for risk management and reports directly to the Group
Chief Financial Officer. Group Risk Management uses the infor-
mation reported to determine the current risk portfolio for the
Group, presenting this in a report to the Executive Board, the
Supervisory Board and the Finance Committee with detailed
explanations twice per year. Furthermore, significant changes in
the assessment of the risks already known and new significant
risks can be reported at any time and are communicated to the
corporate bodies on an ad hoc basis.

For the standard process, a lower limit for reporting risks is set
at a value of € 5 million and for the ad hoc process at a value of
€ 25 million. Risks below these limits are steered independently
within the business sectors. The relevant timeframe for internal
risk reporting is five years. The effects of risks described in this
Report on Risks and Opportunities are presented as annual values.
The assessment of the risks presented relates to December 31,
2014. There were no relevant changes after the end of the report-
ing period that would have necessitated an amended presentation
of the risk situation of the Group.

Within the scope of audits, Group Internal Auditing regularly
reviews the performance of risk management processes within the
units and, at the same time, the communication of relevant risks
from the operating units to Group Risk Management.

Opportunity management process

The risk management system described concentrates on business
risks, and not on opportunities at the same time. The Group’s
opportunity management process is integrated into our internal
controlling processes and carried out in the operating units on
the basis of the Group strategy. The divisions analyze and assess
potential market opportunities as part of strategy and planning
processes. In this connection, investment opportunities are exam-
ined and prioritized in terms of their potential value proposition to
the Group in order to ensure an effective allocation of resources.
The company selectively invests in growth markets to leverage the
opportunities of dynamic development and customer proximity at
a local level.

If the occurrence of the identified opportunities is rated as
likely, they are incorporated into the business plans and the short-
term forecasts. Trends going beyond this or events that could lead
to a positive development of the net assets, financial position and
results of operations are presented in the following report as
opportunities. These could have a positive effect on the Group’s
medium-term prospects and lead to a positive deviation from
forecasts.


--- Page 80 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks and Opportunities

RISK AND OPPORTUNITY ASSESSMENT

Risks

The significance of risks to the Group is calculated on the basis of
their possible negative impact on the forecast financial targets in
conjunction with the probability of occurrence of the respective risk.
In line with these two factors, risks are classified as “high”, “medium”
or “low”. The underlying scales for measuring these factors are
shown below:

123

PROBABILITY OF OCCURRENCE

Probability of occurrence

Explanation

<20% Unlikely
20-50% Possible
51-80% Likely

> 80% Very likely
DEGREE OF IMPACT

Degree of impact Explanation

> €50 million

Critical negative impact on the net assets, financial position
and results of operation

Substantial negative impact on the net assets, financial position

€ 20-50 million and results of operations
Moderate negative impact on the net assets, financial position
€ 5-20 million and results of operations
Insignificant negative impact on the net assets, financial position
<€5 million and results of operations

The combination of the two factors results in the risk matrix below,
which shows the individual risks and their significance to the
Group.

RISK MATRIX

Impact Risk matrix

> € 50 million Medium Medium High High

€ 20-50 million Medium Medium Medium High

€ 5-20 million Low Medium Medium Medium
<€5 million Low Low Low Low
Probability of occurrence <20% 20-50% 51-80% > 80%



--- Page 81 ---

124

Opportunities

Opportunities are assessed in their respective specific business
environment. Marketing measures for operational planning are
usually quantified in relation to sales, EBITDA pre one-time items
and business free cash flow. Net present value, the internal rate of
return (IRR), the return on capital employed (ROCE) and the amor-
tization period of the investment are primarily used to assess
and prioritize investment opportunities. Similarly, scenarios are
frequently set up to simulate the influence of possible fluctuations
and changes in the respective factors on results. There is no over-
arching, systematic classification of the probability of occurrence
and impact of opportunities.

INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTING PROCESS

The objective of the internal control system for accounting is to
implement controls that provide assurance that the financial state-
ments are prepared in compliance with the relevant accounting
laws and standards. It covers measures designed to ensure the
complete, correct and timely conveyance and presentation of in-
formation that is relevant for the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements and the management report of the Group.

The control system is subject to continuous further develop-
ment and is an integral component of the accounting and financial
reporting processes in all relevant local units and Group func-
tions.

With respect to the accounting process, the internal control
system measures are intended to reduce the risk of material false
statements in the consolidated accounting process of the Group.

Key tools

The internal control system is geared to ensuring the accuracy of
the consolidated accounting process and the implementation of
internal controls for the preparation of compliant financial state-
ments with reasonable assurance. The Group Accounting function
centrally steers the preparation of the consolidated financial state-
ments of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, as the parent company
of the Group. This Group function defines the reporting require-
ments that the Group’s subsidiaries must meet as a minimum re-
quirement. At the same time, this function steers and monitors the
scheduling and process-related requirements of the consolidated
financial statements. The Group-wide accounting guidelines form
the basis for the preparation of the statutory financial statements
of the parent company and of the subsidiaries, which are reported

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks ond Opportunities

to Group Accounting; the guidelines are adapted to reflect chang-
es in the financial regulatory environment and are updated in
accordance with internal reporting requirements. Intra-group
transactions are eliminated during the consolidation process. This
gives rise to the need for a mirrored entry at the corresponding
subsidiaries that is monitored during the consolidation process.

Group Accounting also ensures the timely central manage-
ment of changes to the equity holding structure and correspond-
ingly adapts the Group's scope of consolidation. The individual
companies have a local internal control system. Where financial
processes are handled by a Shared Service Center, the internal
control system of the Shared Service Center is additionally applied.
Both ensure that accounting complies with IFRS (International
Financial Reporting Standards) and with the Group accounting
guidelines.

Group Accounting provides support to the local contacts and
ensures a consistently high quality of reporting throughout the
entire reporting process.

The accounting process is designed at all levels to ensure a
clearly defined segregation of duties and assignment of responsi-
bilities to the units involved in the accounting process at all times
within the scope of dual control.

For the assessment of balance sheet items, Group Accounting
closely cooperates with Group Risk Management in order to cor-
rectly present potential balance sheet risks. For special issues, such
as the measurement of intangible assets within the scope of com-
pany acquisitions or pension obligations, external experts are ad-
ditionally involved where necessary. For the Group accounting
process, the company uses a standard SAP software tool in most
countries. Via a detailed authorization concept to limit user rights
on a need-to-have basis, and in line with the principles of the
separation of duties, the system contains both single-entity re-
porting and the consolidated financial statements.

The effectiveness of the Group’s internal control system with
regard to accounting and the compliance of financial reporting by
the individual companies is confirmed by both the local managing
director and the local chief financial officer when they sign the
single-entity reporting. All the structures and processes described
are subject to regular review by Group Internal Auditing based on
an annual audit plan set out by the Executive Board. The results
of these audits are dealt with by the Executive Board, the Super-
visory Board and the Finance Committee.

The internal control system at the Group makes it possible
to lower the risk of material misstatements in accounting to a
minimum. However, no internal control system - regardless of its
design - can entirely rule out a residual risk.


--- Page 82 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks and Opportunities

BUSINESS-RELATED RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES

Political and regulatory risks and opportunities

As a global company, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, faces
political and regulatory changes in a large number of countries
and markets.

Risk of more restrictive regulatory requirements regarding
drug pricing, reimbursement and approval

In the Healthcare business sector the familiar trend towards
increasingly restrictive requirements in terms of drug pricing, re-
imbursement and approval is continuing. These requirements can
negatively influence the profitability of the company’s products,
also through market referencing between countries, and jeopardize
the success of market launches and new approvals. Close commu-
nication with health and regulatory agencies serves as a preventive
measure to avert risks. An estimation of the risks is market- and
product-specific; overall the risk is seen as being likely for the
Group and could have a critical negative impact on the net assets,
financial position and result of operations. It is therefore classified
as a medium risk.

Risk of stricter regulations for the manufacture, testing and
marketing of products

Likewise, in its Life Science and Performance Materials business
sectors must adhere to a multitude of regulatory specifications
regarding the manufacture, testing and marketing of many of its
products. Specifically in the European Union, the Group is subject
to the European chemicals regulation REACH. It demands compre-
hensive tests for chemical products. Test procedures can be costly
and time-intensive, and lead to a rise in manufacturing costs.
Moreover, the use of chemicals in production could be restricted,
which would make it impossible to continue manufacturing cer-
tain products. The company is constantly pursuing research and
development in substance characterization, and in the possible
substitution of critical substances in order to reduce the occur-
rence of this risk and therefore views it as unlikely. Nevertheless,
it is still classified as a medium risk given its potential critical
negative impact on the net assets, financial position and results of
operations.

Risk of destabilization of political systems and the
establishment of trade barriers

The destabilization of political systems (as for example in Ukraine
and the Middle East) and the possible establishment of trade
barriers as well as foreign exchange policy changes can lead to
declines in sales in certain countries and regions. Diversification in
terms of products, industries and regions serves to mitigate poten-
tial negative effects. The effects of corresponding risks are taken
into account to the best of ability in the business plans for the
countries and regions concerned. In particular, our business can

125

furthermore be affected by macroeconomic developments in, for
example, Venezuela, Argentina, Russia, and Greece. Corresponding
sales strategy measures have been introduced in these countries to
minimize the impact on business.

Nevertheless, the residual net risk could have critical negative
effects on the net assets, financial position and results of opera-
tions and its occurrence is considered possible. The Group rates
this as a medium risk overall.

Market risks and opportunities

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, competes with numerous com-
panies in the pharmaceutical, chemical and life science sectors.
Rising competitive pressure can have a significant impact on the
quantities sold and prices attainable for the Group’s products.

Opportunities due to the further development of the
Biosimilars business

The possibilities offered by the development and approval of
biosimilars represent opportunities for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany. For instance, over the past two and a half years, the
Group has moved forward with the development of its own
Biosimilars business unit and has entered into partnerships with
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., India, among others, to co-develop
a portfolio of biosimilars in oncology. Moreover, in April 2014, a
Brazilian market partnership was established with Bionovis SA,
Brazil, (Bionovis SA) for a portfolio of biosimilars. Although a
significant contribution to sales is not to be expected before
the medium to long term, the expenditure required for this has
already been taken into account in the Group’s planning.

Opportunities due to a new technology in the manufacture
of OLED displays

The Group is building on more than ten years of experience in
manufacturing organic light-emitting diode (OLED) materials as
well as a strong portfolio of worldwide patents in order to develop
ultrapure and extremely stable materials that are precisely tailored
to customer requirements. The development in the OLED market
is being driven by the diversification of applications for OLED
displays. While OLED displays are mainly used today in small-area
displays, for example smartphones, more and more large-area dis-
plays could also be based on OLED technology in the future. In
order to overcome the technical and financial obstacles of the
mass production of large-area OLED displays, the Group has been
cooperating since the end of 2012 with Seiko Epson Corporation,
Japan (Seiko Epson). This cooperation has opened up new avenues
in the manufacture of OLED displays. The combination of durable
OLED materials from the company and inkjet printing technology
from Seiko Epson makes it possible to quickly and precisely pro-
duce high-resolution OLED displays using inkjet technology. The
inkjet printing of large OLED displays can resolve the productivity
problems of the conventional vapor-deposition processes. In addi-
tion, this technique deposits material only in the areas where


--- Page 83 ---

126

diodes are actually created, thus enabling the optimal use of
materials and energy. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, thus sees
the possibility of significant market growth for OLED applications
in the medium to long term and thus related opportunities for the
company.

Opportunities due to new application possibilities

for liquid crystals

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is pursuing a strategy of lever-
aging its expertise as the global market leader in liquid crystals in
order to develop new fields of application for innovative liquid
crystal technology, e.g. liquid crystal windows (LCW) or mobile
antennas. With the acquisition of its long-standing cooperation
partner Peer+ B.V., Netherlands, (Peer+ B.V.) the company is further
advancing the development of the future-oriented market for
LCW. Thanks to licrivision™ technology, LCW create new architec-
tural possibilities. Through progressive brightness control, they
can for example increase a building’s energy efficiency. In 2015,
the first pilot projects for LCW will begin, meaning that the tech-
nology will require intensive development work prior to market
readiness. Consequently, the Group expects that the potential pos-
itive effects on the results of the Performance Materials business
will only materialize in the medium to long term.

Antennas that can receive signals transmitted in the high
frequency range (e.g. Ka and Ku band) can also be realized with
the aid of corresponding liquid crystal mixtures. As a result, mo-
bile data exchange could improve significantly in a wide variety
of fields of application. Since liquid crystal materials for antennas
are currently being developed, the market launch of liquid crystal
antennas could still take a few years. Consequently, positive
effects on the financial results of the Performance Materials busi-
ness may only materialize in the medium to long term.

Risk due to increased competition and customer
technology changes
In the pharmaceutical sector, both the Group’s biopharmaceutical
products and classical pharmaceutical businesses are exposed to
increased competition from competing products. In the chemical
sector, risks are posed by not only cyclical business fluctuations
but also, particularly with respect to liquid crystals, changes in the
technologies used or customer sourcing strategies. The company
uses close customer relationships and in-house further develop-
ments as well as precise market analyses as mitigating measures.
The Group is in negotiations with a competitor regarding po-
tential patent infringements in the Performance Materials business
sector. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, maintains that the
competitor's patent infringement assertion is invalid owing to

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks ond Opportunities

relevant prior art. The competitor has threatened to file patent
infringement lawsuits. The company is prepared for a confron-
tation in this issue and will conduct negotiations with the aim of
clarifying the situation.

Nevertheless, the market risk is still classified overall as a me-
dium risk owing to its likely probability of occurrence and critical
negative impact.

Risks and opportunities of research and development

For Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, innovation is a major
element of the Group strategy. Research and development projects
can experience delays, expected budgets can be exceeded, or targets
remain unmet. Research and development are of special impor-
tance to the Pharmaceuticals business. In the course of portfolio
management, the company regularly evaluates and, if necessary,
refocuses research areas and all R&D pipeline projects.

Special mention should be made of the strategic alliance
between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., USA,
(Pfizer Inc.) as a research and development opportunity in the
Pharmaceuticals business. By making the required investments
jointly and combining their strengths and expertise, the two com-
panies will maximize the potential value of the research compound
MSBO0010718C, an anti-PD-L1 antibody from the Group. Owing to
the relatively long cycles in active ingredient development, the
company expects that the positive effects of its anti-PD-L1 anti-
body will be reflected in the results of the Healthcare business
sector in the medium to long term and sees opportunities for an
increase in future sales and profitability.

Risks of discontinuing development projects and

regulatory approval of developed medicines

Sometimes development projects are discontinued after high
levels of investment at a late phase of clinical development. Deci-
sions - such as those relating to the transition to the next clinical
phase - are taken with a view to minimizing risk. Furthermore,
there is a risk that the regulatory authorities either do not grant or
delay approval, which can have an impact on earnings. Addition-
ally, there is the danger that undesirable side effects of a pharma-
ceutical product could remain undetected until after approval or
registration, which could result in a restriction of approval or
withdrawal from the market.

In 2014, the risk-benefit profile of individual development
projects in the R&D portfolio was analyzed, leading to the priori-
tization of projects. This prioritization resulted in the termination
of multiple development projects. Overall, the termination of the
projects had a critical negative impact on the net assets, financial
position and results of operations.


--- Page 84 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks and Opportunities

Risks and opportunities of product quality and availability
Risk of a temporary ban on products / production facilities or
of non-registration of products due to non-compliance with
quality standards

The Group is required to comply with the highest standards of
quality in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products (Good
Manufacturing Practice). In this regard the company is subject to
the supervision of the regulatory authorities.

Conditions imposed by national regulatory authorities could
result in a temporary ban on products/ production facilities, and
possibly affect new registrations with the respective authority. The
Group takes the utmost effort to ensure compliance with regula-
tions, regularly performs its own internal inspections and carries
out external audits. Thanks to these quality assurance processes,
the occurrence of a risk is unlikely, however cannot be entirely
ruled out. Depending on the product concerned and the severity of
the objection, such a risk can have a critical negative impact on
the net assets, financial position and results of operations. There-
fore, the Group rates this as a medium risk.

On a positive note in comparison with 2013, the FDA warning
letter received in 2011 was closed, thus eliminating the risk result-
ing from this warning letter of a ban on importing products to the
United States.

Risks of dependency on suppliers

Quality controls along the entire value chain reduce the risks
related to product quality and availability. This starts with the
qualification of our suppliers. Quality controls also include com-
prehensive quality requirements for raw materials, purchased
semi-finished products and plants, as well as long-term strategic
alliances in the case of supply- and price-critical precursor prod-
ucts. The Group is dependent on individual suppliers of precursor
products for some of its main products. In the event that one of
these suppliers curtails or discontinues production, or supply is
disrupted, this could possibly have a critical negative impact on
the Group business concerned. With long-term strategic alliances
for precursor products critical to supply and price as well as alter-
native sourcing strategies, the company reduces the probability of
occurrence of these risks and rates them as unlikely. Overall, these
are classified as medium risks.

Damage and product liability risks

Further risks include the risk of operational failures due to force
majeure, for example natural disasters such as floods or earth-
quakes, which could lead to a substantial interruption or restric-

127

tion of business activities. Insofar as it is possible and economical
to do so, the Group limits its damage risks with insurance coverage,
the nature and extent of which is constantly adapted to current
requirements. Although the occurrence of these risks is considered
unlikely, an individual event could have a critical negative effect
on the net assets, financial position and results of operations and
is therefore classified as a medium risk.

Companies in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries are
exposed to product liability risks in particular. Product liability
risks can lead to considerable claims for damages and costs to
avert damages. The Group has taken out the liability insurance
that is standard in the industry for such risks. However, it could be
that the insurance coverage available is insufficient for individual
cases. Although the occurrence of product liability claims in excess
of the existing insurance coverage is considered unlikely, individ-
ual cases could still have a critical negative effect on the net assets,
financial position and results of operations. The company there-
fore rates potential product liability risk as a medium risk.

Risks due to product-related crime and espionage

Owing to its portfolio, the company is exposed to a number of
sector-specific crime risks. This relates primarily to products, in-
cluding, among other things, counterfeiting, illegal channeling,
misuse as well as all types of property crime, including attempts
at these crimes. Crime phenomena such as cybercrime and espio-
nage could equally affect our innovations or innovation ability as
such; this includes in particular undesirable losses of information
in all relevant possible ways, both in the IT area as well as with
respect to non-IT-based threats.

To combat product-related crime, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, established an internal coordination network covering
all functions and businesses (“Anti-Counterfeiting of Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany”) several years ago. In addition, security
measures are in use to protect products against counterfeiting.
Innovative technical security solutions and defined preventive ap-
proaches are used to ward off dangers relating to cybercrime and
espionage. Measures to prevent risks and to prosecute identified
offenses are conducted in all the relevant crime areas in close and
trustworthy cooperation with the responsible authorities.

The impact of these risks on business operations depends on
the respective individual case, product-specific factors, the value
chain, as well as on regional aspects in particular. Group Security
is responsible for the overall coordination of all measures in this
area. Overall, the threat resulting from crime in general is seen as
being likely for the company and is classified as a medium risk.


--- Page 85 ---

128

Opportunities due to an expanding local presence in
high-growth markets

In the coming years, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, still an-
ticipates above-average growth for all its business sectors in the
markets of Latin America, the Middle East and Africa as well as
Asia. In order to further enable this growth, the Group has moved
forward with several investment projects, such as the construction
of new production facilities for liquid crystals and the establish-
ment of a new pharma production site in China. Moreover, the
company is strengthening its activities in Africa through strategic
investments as well as geographic expansion in selected regions.
The greater local presence and customer proximity could lend the
company a key competitive edge and, in the medium to long term,
offer the opportunity for significant additional growth in sales
and EBITDA pre one-time items.

FINANCIAL RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

As a corporate group that operates internationally and due to its
presence in the capital market, the company is exposed to various
financial risks and opportunities. Above all, these are liquidity and
counterparty risks, financial market risks and opportunities, risks
of fluctuations in the market values of operational tangible and
intangible assets, as well as risks and opportunities from pension
obligations.

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks ond Opportunities

Risk and opportunity management in relation to the use
of financial instruments

In the area of financial risks and opportunities, the Group uses an
active management strategy to reduce the effects of fluctuations
in exchange and interest rates. The management of financial risks
and opportunities by using derivatives in particular is regulated by
extensive guidelines. There is a ban on speculation and derivative
transactions entered into are subject to ongoing risk management
procedures. Trading, settlement and control functions are strictly
separated.

Liquidity risks

In order to ensure its continued existence, a company must be able
to fulfill its commitments from operating and financial activities
at all times. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, therefore has a
central Group-wide liquidity management process to reduce poten-
tial liquidity risks. Furthermore, the company has a multi-currency
revolving credit facility of € 2 billion with a term of five years and
an extension option of one year that, above and beyond the
Group's positive operating cash flow, ensures continuing solvency
if any liquidity bottlenecks occur. As our loan agreements do not
contain any financial covenants, these agreed lines of credit can
be accessed even if the company’s credit rating should deteriorate.
Additionally, the Group has a commercial paper program with a
maximum volume of € 2 billion as well as a debt issuance pro-
gram that forms the contractual basis for the issue of bonds with
a nominal volume of up to € 15 billion.

A purchase price of US$ 17 billion is payable for the planned
acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich. This is covered by cash on hand as
well as further syndicated credit lines with a bank consortium and
currency hedging. Some of the credit lines are being successively
replaced by the issuance of bonds.

Overall, the liquidity risk is rated as unlikely.


--- Page 86 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks and Opportunities

Counterparty risks

Counterparty risks arise from the potential default by a partner in
connection with financial investments, loans and financing com-
mitments on the one hand and receivables in operating business
on the other.

As for counterparty risks from financial transactions, the Group
reviews all positions relating to trading partners and their credit
ratings on a daily basis. The company manages financial risks of
default by diversifying its financial positions and thereby by the
active management of its trading partners. Significant financial
transactions involving credit risk are entered into with banks and
industrial companies that have a good credit rating. Moreover, the
Group's large banking syndicate - the multi-currency revolving
credit facility of € 2 billion was syndicated by 19 banks - reduces
possible losses in the event of default.

The solvency and operational development of trading partners
are regularly reviewed as part of the management of operational
counterparty risks. Sovereign risks are also analyzed. The volume
of receivables of each customer is capped in line with their credit
ratings. Risk-mitigating measures, such as credit insurance, are
utilized as appropriate. Nevertheless, defaults by isolated trading
partners, even those with outstanding credit ratings, cannot be
entirely ruled out, although rated as unlikely (further information
can be found in “Credit risks” under “Management of financial
risks” in the Notes to the Group accounts).

Counterparty risk is classified as a medium risk overall owing
to the unlikely probability of occurrence with a potential critical
negative effect.

Financial market opportunities and risks
As a result of its international business activities and global cor-
porate structure, the Group is exposed to risks and opportunities
from fluctuations in exchange rates. These result from financial
transactions, operating receivables and liabilities, forecast future
cash flows from sales and costs in foreign currency. The Group
uses derivatives to manage and reduce the aforementioned risks
and opportunities (further information can be found in “Derivative
financial instruments” in the Notes to the Group accounts). Foreign
exchange risks with a potential critical negative effect on the net
assets, financial position and results of operations are rated as
possible.

Future refinancing, particularly the financing of the Sigma-
Aldrich acquisition, and monetary deposits are subject to the risks

129

and opportunities of interest rate fluctuations. These are also
managed and reduced using derivatives. Interest rate risks with a
potentially significantly negative impact are considered unlikely
and pose medium risks overall.

Risks of impairment on balance sheet items

The carrying amounts of individual balance sheet items are sub-
ject to the risk of changing market and business conditions and
thus to changes in fair values as well. The need for write-downs
could lead to significant non-cash profit burdens and changes in
balance sheet ratios. This applies in particular to the high level of
intangible assets including goodwill, which mainly derive from
the purchase price allocations made in connection with past ac-
quisitions (further information can be found under “Intangible
assets” in the Notes to the Group accounts). All relevant risks were
assessed during the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements and taken into account accordingly. The Group rates
risks beyond this as low.

Risk and opportunities from pension obligations

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has commitments in connec-
tion with pension obligations. The present value of defined benefit
obligations can be significantly increased or reduced by changes
in the relevant valuation parameters, e.g. the interest rate or future
salary increases. Pension obligations are regularly assessed as part
of annual actuarial reports. Some of these obligations are covered
by the pension provisions reported in the balance sheet, while
other obligations are externally funded (further information can
be found under “Provisions for pensions and other post-employ-
ment benefits” in the Notes to the Group accounts). To the extent
that pension obligations are covered by plan assets consisting of
interest-bearing securities, shares, real estate, and other financial
assets, decreasing or negative returns on these assets can adversely
affect the fair value of plan assets and thus result in further addi-
tions to pension provisions. By contrast, rising returns increase
the value of plan assets, thereby resulting in excess cover of plan
liabilities. The Group increases the opportunities of fluctuations in
the market value of plan assets on the one hand and reduces the
risks on the other by using a diversified investment strategy. The
risk due to pension obligations is possible, could moderately impact
the net assets, financial position and result of operations, and is
considered to be medium.


--- Page 87 ---

130

Assessments by independent rating agencies

The capital market uses the assessments published by rating agen-
cies to help lenders assess the risks of a financial instrument. The
Group is currently rated by the agencies Standard &€ Poor's and
Moody's. While Standard & Poor's issued a long-term rating of A
with a negative outlook, Moody’s issued it a Baal rating with a
negative outlook. The drop in the Moody’s rating by one grade in

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks ond Opportunities

comparison with the previous year as well as the negative outlook
of both rating agencies is due to the expected higher debt level in
the course of the Sigma-Aldrich transaction. In line with market
procedures, the company’s financing conditions are closely tied to
its rating. The better a rating, the more favorably the Group can
generally raise funds on the capital market or from banks.

REPORT ON RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES >
OVERVIEW OF RATING DEVELOPMENT

© Moody's @ S&P
SeeP Moody's
A _—— A2
A- A3
BBB+ Baal
BBB- Baa2

2009 20103 20113

20124 20133 20143

Source: Own illustration.

LEGAL RISKS

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generally strives to minimize
and control its legal risks. The Group has taken the necessary pre-
cautions to identify threats and defend its rights where necessary.

Nevertheless, the Group is still exposed to litigation risks or
legal proceedings. These include in particular risks in the areas of
product liability, competition and antitrust law, pharmaceutical
law, patent law, tax law, and environmental protection. As a re-
search-based company, the company has a valuable portfolio of
industrial property rights, patents and brands that could become
the target of attacks and infringements. The outcome of future
proceedings or those currently pending is difficult to foresee.

Generally, it is not possible to rule out that the Group will face
third-party claims arising from the same issue despite the conclu-
sion of legal proceedings. Court or official rulings or settlements
can lead to expenses with a significant impact on our business and
earnings.

Tax risks are reviewed regularly and systematically by Group
Tax. Corresponding standards and guidelines are used in order to
identify tax risks at an early stage as well as to review, evaluate
and correspondingly minimize them. Measures to reduce risks are
coordinated by Group Tax together with the subsidiaries abroad.

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, views the legal matters
described below as the most significant legal risks. This should not
be seen as an exhaustive list of all legal disputes currently ongoing.


--- Page 88 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks and Opportunities

Risks from product-related and patent law disputes

The litigation risk with Israel Bio-Engineering Project Limited
Partnership (“IBEP”) was eliminated as of the end of 2014. IBEP
asserted claims for property rights and the payment of license fees
for the past and the future. The legal disputes were connected to
the financing of the development of medical research projects in
the early 1980s. The Group had taken appropriate accounting
measures for these legal disputes in the past. In 2014, the company
achieved a settlement with IBEP according to which the legal dis-
putes were settled in exchange for a sum of money. The settlement
led to lower cash payments than previously expected.

The Group is involved in a patent dispute in the United States
with Biogen IDEC Inc. (Massachusetts, USA) (“Biogen”). Biogen
claims that the sale of Rebif® in the United States infringes on a
Biogen patent. The patent in question was granted to Biogen in
2009 in the United States. Subsequently, Biogen sued Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and other pharmaceutical companies
for infringement of this patent. The Group defended itself against
all allegations and brought a countersuit with the claim that the
patent was invalid and not infringed on by the company’s actions.
A Markman hearing took place in January 2012, however a deci-
sion has not yet been announced. The parties are currently engaged
in court-ordered mediation proceedings that have not yet officially
ended. It is currently not clear when a first-instance decision will
be made. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has taken appropriate
accounting measures. Given the potential critical negative effects
of the legal dispute on the financial position in case of a negative
decision, the Group nevertheless classifies this as a high risk.

Risks due to antitrust and other government proceedings

Raptiva®: In December 2011, the federal state of So Paulo sued
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, for damages because of al-
leged collusion between various pharmaceutical companies and
an association of patients suffering from psoriasis and vitiligo.
This collusion is alleged to have been intended to increase sales of
the medicines from the companies involved to the detriment of
patients and state coffers. Moreover, patients are also suing for
damages in connection with the product Raptiva®. The Group has
taken appropriate accounting measures for these issues. Risks in
excess of this with a substantial negative effect on the net assets,
financial position and results of operations cannot be ruled out,
but are considered unlikely. This is rated as a medium risk.

In one jurisdiction, the company is subject to a government
investigation regarding compliance with foreign exchange transfer
restrictions. In this connection, the responsible authorities are
investigating whether import prices led to impermissibly high for-

131

eign exchange transfers. Appropriate accounting measures have
been taken for repayments and fines that are estimated to be prob-
able due to the uncertain legal situation in the affected country.
The Group rates this as a medium risk since significant negative
effects on the financial position cannot be ruled out.

Risks from drug pricing by the divested Generics Group
Paroxetine: In connection with the divested generics business, the
company is subject to antitrust investigations by the British
Competition and Market Authority (CMA) in the United Kingdom.
In March 2013, the authorities informed Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, of the assumption that a settlement agreement entered
into in 2002 between Generics (UK) Ltd. and several GlaxoSmith-
Kline companies in connection with the antidepressant drug
paroxetine violates British and European competition law. Merck
KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, the then owner of Generics (UK) Ltd.,
was allegedly involved in the negotiations for the settlement
agreement and is therefore liable. The investigations into Generics
(UK) Ltd. started in 2011, without the Group being aware of this. It
is considered likely that the CMA will impose a fine on Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany. The Group has taken appropriate accounting
measures. Given the lawsuit’s potential substantial negative impact
on the financial position, the company classifies this as a medium
risk.

HUMAN RESOURCES RISKS

The Group’s future growth is highly dependent on its innovative-
ness. Therefore, the expertise and engagement of employees in all
sectors in which Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, operates are
crucial to the success of the company.

The markets relevant to the Group are characterized by inten-
sive competition for qualified specialists and by demographic
challenges. Staff turnover risks specific to countries and industries
have to be identified ahead of time and specifically addressed in
order to keep the skills and expertise critical to success and busi-
ness within the company.

Recruiting and retaining specialists and talent at the Group is
therefore one of the key priorities for the company and is man-
aged through the targeted use of, for instance, employer branding
initiatives, global talent and succession management processes
as well as competitive compensation packages. Nevertheless, em-
ployee-related risks that affect business activities are possible, even
though their impact is difficult to assess. The Group rates this as a
medium risk.


--- Page 89 ---

132

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISKS

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, uses a variety of IT systems
and processes in order to optimally focus and adequately support
its globalization. Trends in information technology offer various
opportunities but also harbor risks for the Group.

Risks due to cybercrime and the failure of business-
critical IT applications

Increasing international networking and the related possibility of
IT system abuse are resulting in cybercrime risks for the Group,
such as the failure of central IT systems, the disclosure of confi-
dential research and business development data, the manipulation
of IT systems in chemical process control, or an increased burden
or adverse impact on IT systems as a result of virus attacks. The
entire Group has global security guidelines and information protec-
tion management for IT and non-IT areas, each with organizational
and technical standards for access rights as well as information
and data protection, based on ISO 27001.

Additionally, IT applications used globally form the basis for
the contractual delivery of products and solutions. The failure of
business-critical IT applications could therefore have a direct in-
fluence on the company’s ability to deliver; likewise this applies
to the failure of a data center. To achieve the required service
quality, the Group uses a quality management system certified to
ISO 20000:2011. In addition, to reduce the risk of failure, the com-
pany operates several redundantly designed data centers.

Despite the mitigating measures taken and functional continu-
ity plans, the effects of cybercrime or the failure of business-critical
IT applications and their influence on the net assets, financial
position and results of operations are considered a medium risk
owing to potentially significant negative effects.

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks ond Opportunities

ENVIRONMENTAL AND SAFETY RISKS

As a company with global production operations, the Group is
exposed to risks of possible damage to people, goods and its rep-
utation. Audits, consulting and training on environmental protec-
tion and occupational health and safety minimize these risks to
people and the environment. In order to ensure the continuity of
plant and equipment, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, moni-
tors these risks both at its own sites as well as at suppliers and
contract manufacturers. By adhering to high technical standards,
our rules of conduct and all legal requirements in environmental
protection and occupational health and safety, the Group ensures
the preservation of goods and assets. Sufficient appropriate
accounting measures have been taken for the environmental risks
known to us. Nevertheless, the company classifies these as a high
risk since a critical negative impact on the financial position
cannot be ruled out.

ACQUISITION RISKS

Irrespective of the fact that Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, has
successfully completed acquisitions made in the past, the risk of
conducting the acquisition and integration exists for future trans-
actions. This includes among other things the inability to meet
sales volume targets and higher integration costs than expected,
as well as the failure to meet synergy goals. In addition, the cur-
rently planned acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich is subject to antitrust
clearance and if the acquisition is not conducted, fines could
become payable to the acquisition target. Thanks to strong due
diligence processes and closely managed integration processes, the
Group rates the probability of occurrence of this risk as unlikely.
However, owing to the amount of potential fines, the overall risk
could have a critical negative effect on the net assets, financial
position and results of operations and is therefore classified as a
medium risk.


--- Page 90 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report on Risks and Opportunities

OVERALL VIEW OF THE RISK AND
OPPORTUNITY SITUATION AND
MANAGEMENT ASSESSMENT

Although the number of risks reported is higher than the identified
specific opportunities, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, consid-
ers the distribution of risks and opportunities to be balanced. A
balanced overall view within the Group is also supported by the
fact that total revenues and business success are built on a diver-
sity of pharmaceutical and chemical products for a variety of
industries. As the markets differ in their structure and economic
cycles, this diversification helps to lower risk. This diversification
will be strengthened by the takeover of AZ, which has already
occurred, the planned acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich and the alli-
ance with Pfizer. It is also an expression to further develop the
Group as a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-
tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials.

The most significant individual risks in the divisions have
been named in the report above, with business-related risks being
the most significant to the Group alongside the legal risks.

The successful closing of the FDA warning letter and the settle-
ment of patent litigation with Israel Bio-Engineering Project
Limited Partnership (IBEP) had a positive effect on the risk situa-
tion of the Group. Above and beyond this, with respect to high
and medium risks the company has determined only minor changes
although the assessment of the individual risks has of course
altered over the fiscal year as a result of changing external condi-
tions. Thanks to the risk reduction measures taken — such as the
consistent implementation of management action (organizational
responsibility and process improvements), existing insurance
coverage and accounting precautions - the Group’s significant
risks in particular have been further minimized in net terms.

133

The overall view of the risk situation of the Group, which is
derived from the summary of the risks described on the basis of
their impact and probability of occurrence, leads Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, to the assessment that the risks are not of a
nature to threaten the existence of the Group as a going concern,
either individually or collectively. The company is confident that
it will continue to successfully master the challenges arising from
the above risks in the future as well.

In terms of opportunities, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
believes that the greatest potential lies in the business-related top-
ics of the operational areas. Thanks in particular to the expansion
of our business in Latin America, the Middle East and Africa as
well as in Asia, the further intensification and focusing of research
and development activities, for instance the collaboration with
Pfizer Inc., Bionovis SA, Peer+ B.V. and Seiko Epson, and other
activities as part of the “Fit for 2018” transformation and growth
program, the Group has launched changes that hold significant
opportunities in the medium to long term beyond the underlying
forecast period.

The Group is pursuing the possibilities that are arising and
takes the expected effects into account in the forecast develop-
ment of its key performance indicators, namely sales, EBITDA
pre one-time items and business free cash flow. Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, will actively seek opportunities above and
beyond these and move ahead with their implementation. In the
event that opportunities arise in addition to the forecast develop-
ments, or that these occur more quickly than anticipated, this
could have correspondingly positive effects on the company’s net
assets, financial position and results of operations.


--- Page 91 ---

134

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~> Report on Expected Developments

REPORT ON EXPECTED DEVELOPMENTS

The key financial performance indicators of the Group, namely
sales, EBITDA pre one-time items and business free cash flow,
remain unchanged. Based on these steering parameters, the fol-
lowing report provides a forecast for fiscal 2015 of the develop-
ment of the Group and its three business sectors: Healthcare, Life
Science and Performance Materials. Since the internal planning
process for 2015 was already based on the new segmentation, the
Report on Expected Developments also reflects this new structure.
Key changes relate to the composition of the pharmaceutical
business - consisting of the previous the Biopharmaceuticals and
Consumer Health businesses - under the umbrella of the new
Healthcare business sector as well as the renaming of the Life
Science business to the Life Science business sector. More detailed
information on the segmentation, which took effect on January 1,
2015, can be found under “The Group” (pages 44-49) in this
Annual Report.

FORECAST FOR THE GROUP

In September 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and the
U.S. life science company Sigma-Aldrich entered into a merger
agreement according to which the company would acquire Sigma-
Aldrich. Sigma-Aldrich shareholders approved the merger with
the Group at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting on Decem-
ber 5, 2014. From today’s perspective, the acquisition is still
expected to close by mid-2015. The successful completion of the
transaction is subject to the required antitrust clearances.

The forecast for expected business developments in 2015 will
initially be presented without taking the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition
into account. Separate forecasts for the effect of the acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich have been prepared for the Group as well as the
Life Science business sector of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany,
to which the acquisition relates. They are based on a potential
first-time consolidation of Sigma-Aldrich in mid-2015.

GROUP >
FORECAST 2015

€ million Actual results 2014 Forecast 2015 Key assumptions
a
Sales 11,2915 = Slight organic = Healthcare: organic at the 2014 level; significant decline in Rebif® sales,
growth compensated for by growth contribution from Emerging Markets and other key
~ Slight portfolio products by sales
effect ~ Life Science: moderate organic growth
~ Moderately positive - Performance Materials: slight organic increase compared with 2014; strong
foreign exchange portfolio effect due to the inclusion of AZ Electronic Materials for a full fiscal year
effect
EBITDA pre 3,387.7 Slight increase due — Targeted intensification of R&D programs and thus higher research and
one-time items to operating business development costs for the Biopharmaceuticals business
developments and ~ Adverse impact due to the absence of Humira® royalty income and declining
positive foreign Rebif® sales for the Biopharmaceuticals business
exchange effects; ~ Low double-digit percentage increase for Performance Materials due to the
atleast at the 2014 consolidation of the AZ acquisition for a full year and a moderate increase for
level Life Science
~ Low double-digit percentage increase in expenses for Corporate and Other due
to the absence of currency hedging gains in 2014 as well as to the expected
expenses for the "ONE Global Headquarters" project in 2015.
Business free 2,605.1 Slight increase = Expected slight increase in EBITDA pre one-time items

cash flow

~ Further improvement in working capital management



--- Page 92 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~> Report on Expected Developments

Sales
In 2015, a slight organic increase in sales in comparison with 2014
is expected for the Group. Moreover, due to the inclusion of
AZ Electronic Materials for a full fiscal year, a slightly positive
portfolio effect is expected. Regarding the most important foreign
currencies for the Group, in 2015 it is assumed that on an annual
average, the U.S. dollar, the Swiss franc and major Asian curren-
cies will appreciate against the euro compared with the previous
year. Furthermore, the value of Latin American currencies versus
the euro is expected to decline. Overall, a moderately positive
foreign exchange effect is expected to result for the Group.
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, expects organic sales in
the Healthcare business sector in 2015 to remain at the previous
year’s level. For Rebif®, the Biopharmaceuticals business’ top-
selling product, the Group assumes a sharp organic sales decline
compared with 2014, as a result of continued high competitive
pressure in North America and in Europe. However, this decrease
in sales is likely to be compensated for by continued growth in
Emerging Markets and by growth of the business sector's other
key products by sales. Moderate organic sales growth in the Life
Science business sector is assumed for 2015, which is likely to
be driven especially by the Process Solutions and Lab Solutions
business areas. For the Performance Materials business sector
slight organic sales growth is expected. Furthermore, a noticeable
portfolio effect is expected for this business sector, as 2015 will be
the first year that AZ Electronic Materials has been consolidated
for a full fiscal year.

EBITDA pre one-time items

Owing to the expected operating development and positive for-
eign exchange effects, a slight increase in EBITDA pre one-time
items, the key financial indicator used to steer operating business,
is expected for the Group in 2015 compared with 2014. At least
EBITDA pre one-time items should reach the previous year's level.

135

For the Healthcare business sector a slight decline in EBITDA pre
one-time items can be assumed overall. The targeted intensification
of the strategically important research and development programs,
especially for the development of the anti-PD-L1 antibody and
TH-302 at the Biopharmaceuticals business, will lead to higher
expenses in 2015. Moreover, declining sales of Rebif® and the
absence of Humira® royalty income will adversely affect EBITDA
pre one-time items. For the Performance Materials business sector
the Group assumes that the full consolidation of AZ Electronic
Materials will lead to a low double-digit percentage increase in
EBITDA pre one-time items. The Life Science business sector is
forecast to see a moderate increase in EBITDA pre one-time items
in 2015.

For EBITDA pre one-time items of Corporate and Other, the
company expects a low double-digit percentage decline. In 2014,
the expense was largely lowered due to positive effects from cur-
rency hedging transactions, which are no longer expected in 2015
owing to the significant decline in the value of the euro versus
major foreign currencies. In addition, the company expects higher
expenses in 2015 for the “ONE Global Headquarters” project at
Group headquarters in Darmstadt.

Business free cash flow

Despite planned investments in growth projects, business free cash
flow of the Group is forecast to increase slightly in 2015 in line
with the forecast development of EBITDA pre one-time items.

Forecast taking into account the successful acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich

In the event of the successful acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich and
the first-time consolidation in mid-2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, expects double-digit growth rates for the sales of both
the Group and the Life Science business sector in 2015 as com-
pared with 2014. Very strong growth of EBITDA pre one-time
items and business free cash flow is anticipated for the Group,
while double-digit growth rates would be expected for the Life
Science business sector.


--- Page 93 ---

136

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~> Report on Expected Developments

FORECAST FOR THE HEALTHCARE BUSINESS SECTOR

HEALTHCARE ~
FORECAST 2015

€ million Actual figures for 2014' Forecast for 2015 Key assumptions
Se EE e—_
Sales 6,549.4 = Organic at the = Sales growth in Emerging Markets and of other key products by sales will
previous year's level compensate for the significant organic decline in sales of Rebif®
~ Strong organic growth in the Consumer Health business
EBITDA pre 2,000.3 = Slight decline = Increasing research and development costs due to the prioritization and

one-time items

intensification of the Biopharmaceuticals business research and development
projects, especially in connection with the further development of the anti-PD-L1
antibody within the scope of the strategic alliance with Pfizer; offset to a
significant extent by the upfront payment from Pfizer attributable to 2015

~ Effect on earnings due to the expected decline in Rebif® sales
~ Absence of Humira® royalty income
~ Positive foreign exchange effects

Business free 1,701.2

cash flow

~ Slight decline

= Slight decline in EBITDA pre one-time items
~ Higher investments in property, plant and equipment within the scope of current

strategic growth projects

‘Information relating to the past for the Healthcare business sector refers to the former Biopharmaceuticals and Consumer Health businesses, which have been part of the newly created

Healthcare business sector since January 1, 2016.

Sales

The Group expects organic sales of the Healthcare business sector
in 2015 to remain at the 2014 level. For Rebif®, the top-selling
product in Healthcare, the company assumes a sharp organic sales
drop as a result of high competitive pressure in the United States
and also in Europe. However, it is expected that this decline in
sales will be compensated for by continued growth in Emerging
Markets and by growth of the other key products. The Consumer
Health business, for which the Group expects to see strong organic
sales growth, will also help to offset the decline.

EBITDA pre one-time items

In 2014, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, already resolutely pri-
oritized its research and development activities in the Healthcare
business sector and discontinued various projects. For 2015, the
Group will drive strategically important projects forward, which
will lead to increasing research and development costs. An import-
ant part of this will be the further development of the hypoxia-

activated prodrug TH-302 and particularly the anti-PD-L1 anti-
body within the scope of the strategic alliance with Pfizer. The
expenses incurred in this connection are likely to be offset to a large
extent by the share of the upfront payment from Pfizer attributable
to 2015. These developments, as well as the absence of royalty
income for Humira® and the impact of the expected significant
drop in sales of Rebif® on earnings, are likely to lead to a slight
decline in EBITDA pre one-time items.

Business free cash flow

In particular, the Biopharmaceuticals business will be increasingly
investing in the modernization and expansion as well as the new
construction of production facilities in order to meet the increas-
ing demand for the company’s pharmaceuticals. Owing to these
investment activities and the slight decline in EBITDA pre one-
time items, the Group expects a slight decrease in business cash
flow for the Healthcare business sector in 2015.


--- Page 94 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~> Report on Expected Developments

137

FORECAST FOR THE LIFE SCIENCE BUSINESS SECTOR

LIFE SCIENCE >
FORECAST 2015

€ million Actual figures for 2014 Forecast for 2015 Key assumptions
—
Sales 2,682.5 = Moderate organic - Growth will be driven especially by the Process Solutions and Lab Solutions
growth business areas, as well as the Emerging Markets
EBITDA pre 658.6 = Moderate increase In line with the development of sales
one-time items
Business free 419.0 = Strong increase = Improvement in EBITDA pre one-time items

cash flow

~ Significant reduction in inventories

Sales

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, expects that continued in-
creasing investments in research and development activities in the
pharmaceutical and biotech industries will also have a positive
impact on the Process Solutions business area in 2015. Process
Solutions supplies consumables and services for pharmaceutical
and biotech companies. It is anticipated that the Lab Solutions
business area will benefit from the expected slight growth of the
global laboratory product market. Development of the Bioscience
business area is expected to remain subdued. It is therefore likely
that the Process Solutions and Lab Solutions business areas will be
the strongest drivers of growth in the Life Science business sector
in 2015.

Overall, the Group expects moderate organic sales growth
in the Life Science business sector in 2015 compared with the
previous year. From a geographic perspective, a sharp increase
particularly in Emerging Markets is anticipated in 2015.

EBITDA pre one-time items

In line with the forecast organic sales development and continuous
efficiency improvements, EBITDA pre one-time items is expected
to also increase moderately.

Business free cash flow

The Group expects a strong increase in the business free cash flow
of the Life Science business sector. This increase will stem not only
from the improvement in EBITDA pre one-time items, but also a
significant reduction in inventories.

Forecast taking into account the successful acquisition of
Sigma-Aldrich

In the event of the successful acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich and
first-time consolidation in mid-2015, the company expects double-
digit growth rates in the Life Science business sector for sales,
EBITDA pre one-time items and business free cash flow in 2015
compared with 2014.


--- Page 95 ---

138

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~> Report on Expected Developments

FORECAST FOR THE PERFORMANCE MATERIALS BUSINESS SECTOR

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS ~>
FORECAST 2015

€ million Actual figures for 2014 Forecast for 2015 Key assumptions
—
Sales 2,059.6 = Slight organic = Continued good volume increase in liquid crystals, amid the customary price decline
increase for established products
= Strong portfolio = Strong portfolio effect due to the inclusion of AZ Electronic Materials for a full
effect fiscal year
EBITDA pre 394.8 =Low double-digit = Strong portfolio effect
one-time items percentage increase - Scheduled realization of synergies from the acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials
~ Positive foreign exchange effects
Business free 699.6 = Low double-digit Increase in EBITDA pre one-time items

cash flow percentage increase

- Considerable investments in future technologies

Sales

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, expects low double-digit per-
centage growth in the Performance Materials business sector in
2015 compared with 2014. Slight organic sales growth is antici-
pated, supplemented by a strong portfolio effect due to the inclu-
sion of AZ Electronic Materials for a full fiscal year. In the Liquid
Crystals business, the Group assumes continued good volume
growth amid the customary price decline for established products
in this industry. This forecast is in line with the expectations of
Display Search, a market research firm for the display sector,
which continue to anticipate a strong increase in the surface area
of global flat-panel displays produced in 2015.

The Group does not expect any significant new technologies
or product launches in the liquid crystals field in 2015. The com-
pany anticipates moderate organic sales growth in Pigments &
Functional Materials and Integrated Circuit Materials overall.

EBITDA pre one-time items

For 2015, the Group forecasts a low double-digit percentage in-
crease in EBITDA pre one-time items compared with 2014, resulting
from a strong portfolio effect, the planned realization of synergies
from the acquisition of AZ Electronic Materials, and positive for-
eign exchange effects. The company is planning to maintain the
profitability of liquid crystals at a high level.

Business free cash flow

In 2015, the Group expects a low double-digit percentage improve-
ment in business free cash flow compared with 2014 as a result of
the increase in EBITDA pre one-time items. This increase takes
account of the fact that the company will make considerable
investments in property, plant and equipment for future technol-
ogies in 2015.


--- Page 96 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~> Report on Expected Developments

SUMMARY

Slight organic sales growth of the Group is assumed for 2015,
which is likely to be driven by the Life Science business sector in
particular. In addition to this, the company expects a slight port-
folio effect due to the first-time consolidation of AZ Electronic
Materials for a full fiscal year.

Together with positive foreign exchange effects, the business
development of the Group is likely to lead to a slight increase in
EBITDA pre one-time items. However, it is expected that EBITDA
pre one-time items will at least reach the previous year's level. A
slight decline in EBITDA pre one-time items in the Healthcare
business sector due to targeted investments in strategic research
and development projects, a significant decline in sales of Rebif®
and the absence of royalty income for Humira® should at least be

139

offset by the other two business sectors. Low double-digit percent-
age growth of EBITDA pre one-time items for the Performance
Materials business sector is likely, while a moderate increase is
expected for the Life Science business sector. As a consequence of
this development and despite investments in strategic growth
projects, the Group anticipates a slight increase in business free
cash flow in 2015 compared with 2014.

In the event of the successful acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in
mid-2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, expects double-digit
sales growth for the Group and the Life Science business sector
in 2015, as compared with 2014. Very strong growth of EBITDA
pre one-time items and business free cash flow for the Group is
anticipated, while double-digit growth rates are expected for the
Life Science business sector.


--- Page 97 ---

140

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report in accordance with Section 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code (HGB)

REPORT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 315 (4)
OF THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE (HGB)

The following information is provided in accordance with Section
315 (4) of the German Commercial Code and the explanatory report
pursuant to Section 176 (1) sentence 1 of the German Stock
Corporation Act (AktG).

As of the balance sheet date, the company’s subscribed capital
is divided into 129,242,251 no-par value bearer shares plus one
registered share. Each share therefore corresponds to € 1.30 of
the share capital. The holder of the registered share is E. Merck
Beteiligungen KG, Darmstadt, Germany. It is entitled and obliged
to appoint one-third of the members of the Supervisory Board
representing the limited liability shareholders. If the holder of the
registered share is a general partner, he or she has no such right of
appointment. The transfer of the registered share requires the
company’s approval. The approval is granted at the sole discretion
of the personally liable general partner with an equity interest,
namely E. Merck KG, Darmstadt, Germany.

Pursuant to the information on voting rights submitted to us
in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG), on
December 31, 2014 no shareholders owned direct or indirect
investments exceeding more than 10% of the voting rights.

According to the Articles of Association of Merck KGaA,
Darmstadt, Germany, the general partners not holding an equity
interest who form the Executive Board are admitted by E. Merck
KG, Darmstadt, Germany, with the consent of a simple majority of
the other general partners. A person may only be a general partner
not holding an equity interest if he or she is also a general partner
of E. Merck KG, Darmstadt, Germany. In addition, at the proposal
of E. Merck KG, Darmstadt, Germany, and with the approval of all
general partners not holding an equity interest, further persons
who are not general partners not holding an equity interest may
be appointed to the Executive Board.

The Articles of Association can be amended by a resolution by
the Annual Meeting that requires the approval of the general part-
ners. The resolutions of the General Meeting are, notwithstanding
any statutory provisions to the contrary, adopted by a simple
majority of the votes cast. Where the law requires a capital major-
ity in addition to the voting majority, resolutions are adopted by
a simple majority of the share capital represented in the vote. The
Articles of Association of the company specify the authorized
share capital. The Executive Board is authorized, with the approval
of the Supervisory Board and of E. Merck KG, Darmstadt, Germany,
to increase the share capital on one or several occasions until
April 26, 2018 by up to a total of € 56,521,124.19 by issuing new
shares against cash and/or contributions in kind (Authorized
Capital). The Executive Board is authorized to exclude, with the

approval of the Supervisory Board, the statutory subscription right
of the limited liability shareholders in the case of capital increases
against cash contributions if the issue price of the new shares is
not significantly lower than the stock exchange price of already
listed shares carrying the same rights, as defined in section 203 (1)
and (2) and section 186 (3) sentence 4 of the German Stock Corpo-
ration Act (AktG), at the time when the Executive Board finally
fixes the issue price, and if the proportion of the share capital
represented by the new shares for which the subscription right is
excluded does not exceed 10% of the share capital available at the
time of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting or - if this
amount is lower - of the share capital available at the time of
exercising this authorization. This upper limit shall be reduced by
the prorated amount of shares that are sold during the term of the
authorized capital under exclusion of shareholders’ subscription
rights pursuant to section 71 (1) no. 8 sentence 5 and section
186 (3) sentence 4 of the German Stock Corporation Act, as well
as shares that must be issued to redeem option or convertible
bonds, as long as the bonds have been issued during the term of
this authorization under exclusion of subscription rights. In addi-
tion, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the subscription
right of the shareholders can be excluded in order to enable
E. Merck KG, Darmstadt, Germany, to exercise its right pursuant to
Article 32 (3) of the Articles of Association to participate in a
capital increase by issuing shares or freely transferable share sub-
scription rights and to enable E. Merck KG, Darmstadt, Germany,
to exercise its right pursuant to Article 33 of the Articles of
Association to convert its equity interest into share capital. More-
over, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, the subscription
right of the shareholders can be excluded as far as this is neces-
sary, in order to grant subscription rights for new shares to holders
of warrants and convertible bonds issued by the company or its
subsidiaries, to the extent to which they would be entitled after
exercising their option and conversion rights or fulfilling their
option and conversion obligations. Lastly, with the approval of
the Supervisory Board, the subscription right of the shareholders
can be excluded in order to exclude fractional amounts from the
subscription right.

The Articles of Association also encompass contingent capital.
The share capital is contingently increased by up to € 66,406,298.40
divided into 51,081,768 shares (Contingent Capital I). The con-
tingent capital increase serves to grant exchange rights to
E. Merck KG, Darmstadt, Germany, in accordance with Article 33
of the Articles of Association to enable the conversion of its equity
interest. The shares carry dividend rights from the beginning of


--- Page 98 ---

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT ~ Report in accordance with Section 315 (4) of the German Commercial Code (HGB) 141

the fiscal year following the year in which the conversion option
is exercised.

Moreover, the share capital is contingently increased by up to
€ 16,801,491.20 composed of up to 12,924,224 no-par value
bearer shares (Contingent Capital II). This increase in contingent
capital is only to be implemented insofar as the bearers or creditors
of option or conversion rights or the conversion obligations on
warrant bonds, option participation certificates, option participa-
tion bonds, convertible bonds, convertible participation certificates
or convertible participation bonds issued against contributions
that are issued or guaranteed by the company or a subordinate
Group company on the basis of the authorization resolution of the
Annual General Meeting of May 9, 2014 to May 8, 2019, utilize
their option or conversion rights or, to fulfill their conversion
obligation insofar as they are obliged to fulfill their conversion
obligation, or insofar as the company exercises an option, wholly
or in part, of granting shares in the company instead of paying the
sum of money due and to the extent that in each case a cash settle-

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Subsequent to the balance sheet date, no events of special impor-
tance occurred that could have a material impact on the financial
position and results of operations of the Group.

ment is not granted, or own shares or other forms of fulfillment
are used. Each issue of new shares shall take place at the deter-
mined option or conversion price, pursuant to the aforementioned
authorization resolution. The new shares participate in the profit
from the beginning of the fiscal year in which they are created;
insofar as this is legally permissible, the Executive Board may,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, and in deviation from
Section 60 (2) AktG, stipulate that the new shares also participate
in the profit for a past fiscal year. The Executive Board is autho-
rized, with the approval of the Supervisory Board and of E. Merck
KG, Darmstadt, Germany, to stipulate the further details of the
implementation of the increase in contingent capital.

The company is not authorized to acquire its own shares.

The company has not entered into any material agreements
subject to a change of control pursuant to a takeover offer nor has
it entered into any compensation agreements with the members of
the Executive Board or employees in the event of a takeover offer.

