

--- Page 1 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

Translation of a report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails,

DIRECTORS' REPORT OF THE ENAGAS GROUP

L- Group performance in 2014
Net profit rose 0.8% to 406,533 thousand euros compared with last year.
Revenue totalled 1,206,192 thousand euros.

The Enagas Group carries out its business operations primarily in Spain, where it develops and operates virtually all
of its assets. In 2014, the Group leveraged its extensive track record developing and operating regasification plants
and transmission networks around the world to make a number of intemational business investments and
acquisitions in 2014.

In respect of operations in Spain, throughout 2014 the Group fully maintained its basic natural gas regasification and
storage facilities and it increased the natural gas basic transport network, servicing demand atall times.

Total transmitted natural gas demand reached 397 TWh in 2014.

The total activity of the Spanish gas system (conventional, electrical, exports, tanker loads and transit to Portugal)
totalled 393 TWh in 2014, 1.4% less than in 2013. This variance is fundamentally explained by the effect of
temperatures, which were exceptionally high during the year and due to the decline in natural gas powered
cogeneration. Taking into account the differences in temperature, demand would have increased by around 2%
compared to 2013.

Demand for natural gas in transit in the system (exports, tanker loading and gas in transit to Portugal) increased by
40% in 2014. Specifically, loading of LNG tankers at regasification plants set a new record of 60TWh, up 89%
compared with the previous year.

Investments in 2014 in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets amounted to 625 million euros, of which
147 million euros relate to regulated assets in Spain and 478 million euros relate to international investments.

On 31 December 2013, Order IET/2446/2013, of 27 December, was published in the Spanish Official State Gazette.
This Order establishes the tolls and fees for third-party access to gas facilities and the remuneration of the regulated
activities, establishing the fixed assets entitled to remuneration at each company in relation to their transport,
fegasification, storage and distribution activities, as well as the parameters for calculating the related variable
remuneration.

The remuneration framework for these activities that was in force since 2002, based on the Oil and Gas Act 34/1998,
of 7 October and subsequent published amendments, has largely been repealed after the entry into force of Royal
Decree-Law 8/2014, of 4 July, ratified by Parliament and subsequently enacted as a law, and it was finally published
as Law 18/2014.

There are therefore two regulatory periods in 2014. During the first period, the framework based on Law 34/1998 was
applicable and was in force between 1 January until 4 July in accordance with Order IET/2446/2013 mentioned
above, and during the second regulatory period, the remuneration established in Law 18/2014 was in force between
5 July until 31 December 2014.

Enagas reduced the CO2 emissions caused by its transport network and subterranean storage facilities by 11% and
29%, compared to 2013. The mprovement of the energy efficiency of its facilities allows the ratio of self-consumption

108


--- Page 2 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

to be improved by 27% compared to the gas loaded on tankers and by 34% with respect to the operating time below
the technical minimum at the regasification plants.

The capital and reserves of the Enagaés Group stood at 2,218,514 thousand euros at year end, while equity
amounted to 2,260,316 thousand euros.

Share capital is represented by 238,734,260 fully paid ordinary bearer shares each with a par value of 1.50 euros.

At 31 December 2014, 81% of net debt was fixed-rate, while the average time to maturity of the debt at 31 December
2014 was 5.3 years.

In 2014, the Group continued to expand and enhance its regasification, transport and storage facilities to bring them
into line with demand forecasts.

In this respect, the following significant actions carried out were:

-  Marlorell— Figueres gas pipeline

-  Gaviota drilling tower and wells

- Revamping of the dock at the Barcelona Plant.

- Power generation at the Barcelona plant.

- Third storage tank in the Bilbao plant.

- Expansion of position D-16 at the Llanera plant, plus a regulating valve.
- Regulating and metering stations at various points of the basic grid

- Expansion work at various points of the basic grid

- Expansion of the Llanera-Otero gas pipeline connection.

- Cushion gas for the Yela storage facility.

Overall, at the end of December 2014, the Enagas Group's gas infrastructure comprising the basic natural gas
network consisted of the following:

- Almost 10,314 kilometres of gas pipelines throughout Spain.

- Three underground storage facilities: Serablo (Huesca), Yela (Guadalajara) and Gaviota
(Vizcaya).

- Four regasification plants in Cartagena, Huelva, Barcelona and Gijon.

- The Group additionally owns 40% of the BBG regasification plant (Bilbao), 40% of the Altamira
regasification plant (Mexico) and 20.4% of the Bahia de Quintero regasification plant (Chile)

: Since March 2014, the Enagés Group owns 20% of the company Transportadora de gas del
Peni, whose assets make up the Natural Gas Transportation Pipeline System between
Camisea and Lurin and the Liquefied Natural Gas Transport pipeline between Camisea and
Costa.

It should also be indicated that the Enagas Group also holds a 30% stake in COGA, the company responsible for
operating and maintaining the gas transport infrastructure in Peru.

The following two events that took place in 2014 should be noted with respect to the development of new
international projects:

- On 30 June 2014, the consortium fonmed by the Enagas Group and Odebrecht was the

successful bidder for the South Peru Pipeline project which was put out to tender by the
Govemment of Peru and Enagas holds 25% of the total project.

109


--- Page 3 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

- In September 2014, the company acquired 16% of the shares in the Trans Adriatic Pipeline
(TAP) project.

I. Main business risks

The Enagas Group is exposed to various risks intrinsic to the sector, the market in which it operates and the activities
it performs, which could prevent it from achieving its objectives and executing its strategies successfully.

The main risks associated with the Group’s business activities are classified as follows:

1. Strategic and Business Risk

Business risk relates to losses caused by extemal factors such as regulation, economic growth pattems, competition
levels, demand trends, structural industry factors, etc., as well as to potential losses resulting from incorrect decision-
making in relation to the Company's business plans and strategies.

The activities carried out by the Enagas Group are notably affected by legislation (local, regional, national and
supranational). Any change in that legislation could negatively affect profits and the value of the company. Within this
type of risk regulatory risk is of special relevance, and is associated with the remuneration framework and, therefore,
the regulated income from business activities.

Similarly, the new developments of infrastructures are subject to obtaining licenses, permits and authorization from
govemments, as well as legislation of various types, notably environmental regulations. These long-term and
complex processes may give rise to delays or modifications to the designs initially projected due to: i) obtaining
authorization, ii) the processes relating to environmental impact studies, iii) public opposition in the affected
communities and iv) changes in the political environment in the countries in which the Group operates. All of these
fisks may increase compliance expenses or delay projected income.

A part of the remuneration for natural gas regasification, transport and storage activities in Spain is affected by
changes in the demand associated with each activity. Taking into account that Enagas' market shares are different in
each activity there are risks associated with competition with respect to the various inflow sources of gas into the
system (international connections or regasification plants). The degree to which regasification plants are used may
have an impact on their operating costs.

Enagas' internationalization process means that its operations are exposed to the risks inherent to the investment,
construction and operation of the assets in the various countries in which it operates. These risks include economic
or political crises that affect operations, the expropriation of assets, changes in commercial, tax, accounting or
employment legislation, restrictions applied to the movement of capital, etc.

The Enagas Group has implemented measures to control and manage its business risk within acceptable levels. To
this end, it continually monitors risks relating to regulation, the market, the competition, business plans, strategic
decisions, etc.

2, Operational risk

During the performance of the activities carried out by the Enagas Group there may be direct or indirect losses
caused by inadequate processes, failure of physical equipment and computer systems, human resource errors or
those deriving from certain extemal factors, that could have a negative impact on the profits or value of the company.
Each year, the Enagas Group identifies the control and management activities that allow it to adequately and

appropriately respond to these risks. The control activities that have been defined include our personnel training and
capacities, the application of certain internal policies and procedures, maintenance plans and the definition of quality

110


--- Page 4 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

indicators, the establishment of limits and authorizations, and quality, prevention and environmental certificates, etc.,
that allow the likelihood of the occurrence of these risk events to be minimized.

To mitigate the negative economic impact that the materialization of some of these risks could have on the Enagas
Group, a series of insurance policies have been obtained.

Some of these risks could affect the reliability of the financial information prepared and reported by the Enagas
Group. To contol these types of risks, a Financial Reporting Internal Control System (FRICS) has been established,
the details of which may be consulted in the Corporate Governance Report.

3. Credit and counterparty risk

Credit and counterparty risk consists of the possible losses deriving from a failure to comply with financial obligations
by a counterparty to the Enagas Group, either due to debtor positions or the failure to comply with commercial
agreements that are generally established in the long-term.

The Enagas Group monitors in detail this type of risk, which is particularly relevant in the current economic context.
Among the activities carried out is the analysis of the risk level and the monitoring of the credit quality of
counterparties, regulatory proposals to compensate Enagaés for any possible failure to comply with payment
obligations on the part of marketers (an activity that takes place in a regulated environment), the request for
guarantees or guaranteed payment schedules in the long-term agreements reached with respect to the intemational
activily, etc.

The management measures for credit risk involving financial assets include the placement of cash at highly-solvent
entities, based on the credit ratings provided by the agencies with the highest intemational prestige. Interest rate and
exchange rate derivatives are contracted with financial entities with the same credit profile.

The regulated nature of Enagas' business activity does not allow an active customer concentration risk management
policy to be established. However, the globalization process that the Company is carrying out will facilitate the
reduction of this potential risk.

The pertinent counterparty risk management information is disclosed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial
statements.

4, Financial risk

The Enagas Group is subject to the risks deriving from the voktility of interest and exchange rates, as well as
movements in other financial variables that could affect the Company's liquidity.

Interest rate fluctuations affect the fair value of assets and liabilities carrying fixed interest rates, and the future flows
from assets and liabilities that accrue floating interest rates. The objective of interest rate risk management is to
achieve a balanced debt structure that minimises the cost of debt over a multi-year horizon with low volatility in the
income statement. To do so derivatives are obtained to act as hedges. The Enagas Group currently maintains a fixed
or protected debt structure exceeding 70% to limit this risk.

Exchange rate risks relate to debt transactions denominated in foreign currency, income and expenses relating to
companies whose functional currency is not the euro and the effect of converting the financial statements of those
companies whose currency is not the euro during the consolidation process. Exchange rate risk management at the
Enagas Group pursues a balance between the flows relating to assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign
currency at each of the companies. The possibility of obtaining exchange-rate hedges to cover the volatility affecting
the collection of dividends is also analyzed at each opportunity for intemational expansion.

111


--- Page 5 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

The Enagaés Group maintains a liquidity policy that is consistent in terms of contracting credit facilities that are
unconditionally available and temporary financial investments in an amount sufficient to cover the projected needs
over a given period of time.

The financial risk management policy is detailed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
5. Criminal liability risk

Article 31 bis of Organic Law 5/2010 of 22 June 2010, which reforms Spain’s Criminal Code, introduces criminal
liability on the part of legal entities. In this regard, the Enagas Group could be held liable in Spain for certain crimes
committed by its directors, officers and staff in the course of their work and in the interest of the Company.

To prevent this risk from materialising, the Enagaés Group has approved a Criminal Liability Risk Model and has
implemented the measures needed to prevent corporate crime and the avoid liability for the Company.

6. Reputational risk

Reputational risk refers to any action, event or circumstance that could have a harmful effect on the Company's
reputation among its stakeholders.

The Group has implemented a reputational risk self-assessment procedure which uses qualitative measurement
techniques. This process contemplates the potential reputational mpact that materialisation of any of the risks listed
in the model (operational, business, financial and counterparty risk) could have, or as a result of strictly reputational
events arising from the action, interest or opinion of a third party.

The most relevant reputational risks for the Enagaés Group derive from the materialization of incorrect business
practices, the leaking of confidential information, extemal fraud and the failure to comply with regulatory and legal
requirements. The management of certain risks strictly defined as reputational stemming from third-party action has
also been considered key on account of its significance.

lll. Use of financial instruments

In February 2008, Enagés Group Board of Directors approved an interest rate hedging policy devised to align the
Group's financial cost with the target rate structure set under its Strategic Plan.

In compliance with this policy, the Group entered into a series of interest rate hedges in the course of the year. As a
result, at 31 December 2014, 81% of total gross debt was hedged against interest rate increases,

V.- Outlook

The natural gas market is mature. The Spanish gas sector is dependent on the stream of regulations emanating from
the European Union. The Enagas Group, which generates most of its revenue from the regulated business in Spain,
is committed to Europe’s new energy policy objectives. To this end, it is working intensively to help make sure that
these regulatory developments prove as effective as possible, factoring in the characteristics of the internal market,
and that they are properly integrated into the Spanish framework.

Net profit is expected to increase by 0.5% compared with 2014.

The Enagas Group is considering making investments in 2015 of 430 million euros, 50% of which is intended to go
towards new international acquisitions and 50% towards regulated assets in Spain.

112


--- Page 6 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

V.- Research and development

The technological innovation initiatives carried out by the Group in 2014 comprised assessing, developing and testing
new gas technologies with the aim of increasing and improving the competitiveness of natural gas in various
applications, focusing particularly on projects of strategic value for the Group.

The most significant activities carried out by area in 2014 were:

a)

b)

d)

e)

9)

Production (LNG). The uncertainty associated with the energy balance at plants has been
determined in a minimal technical situation, together with its effect on the shrinkage ratio. Further
knowledge has been gained regarding the energy flows involved with loading tankers and their
influence on measurement differences. The Group also participated in the new revision of the “LNG
Custody Transfer Handbook”. The Group has also implemented the "LNG Tanker Quality"
application at Enagas plants to automatically determine the average quality of the LNG transferred.
It has also continued with the marketing of the MOLAS2012 software and a comparison has been
performed of the chromatographs of the Plants with LCE in the loading/discharging of tankers, tanks
and transfer to the network.

Transport. The Group collaborated with a European project to adopt a common position with
respect to the quantitative evaluation of gas leaks in gas transport facilities and studies have been
performed at the European level of the development of Power to Gas technology, evaluating
operating and financial repercussions that could result from the injection of moderate amounts of
hydrogen into the natural gas network. A Spanish project also commenced to design natural gas
production plants based on hydrogen produced through electrolytes using the excess from
renewable energies and the CO2 content of biogas.

Storage. The impact of the new dew point and hydrocarbon limits that are established by the new
European legislation on AASS and measurement equipment.

Operation. The SPOL tool (Logistics Optimization and Planning System) has been adapted to the
new regulatory changes introduced in 2014 and to the new infrastructure operating scenario
(production at lower than the technical minimum initially established for the Plants and the
prioritisation of AASS production). The "Acoustic study of Compression Plants" was completed and
another simular study of the Cartagena Plant started. Finally, the Group continued with the
development of a model to determine the gas quality through simulation (NGQT), taking the first
steps to obtain system certification.

Safety. Work proceeded on various projects and studies related to the analysis of risks involving
gas pipelines and Enagas facilities. As an example, the Safety and Quantitative Risk Analysis of the
AASS in Serrablo, and that for all of the EECC and the pipelines and positions in Castilla la
Mancha. A method for analysing risks relating to parallel pipelines was developed and participation
in the development of important international databases continued.

Metering. Work continued to improve the measurement of sulphur compounds, dew points and
hydrocarbon levels in natural gas in the laboratory as well as in the field. Studies are under way on
how to improve the level of uncertainty (CMC) in accredited laboratories measuring gas flow in
Zaragoza. A model is being developed to estimate the uncertainty of measuring energy in the
transport network in order to improve the limitations on calculating shrinkage.

Projects of general interest. A project has started to be rolled out that will cover all of the
company's facilities and is intended to deepen energy efficiency both from the standpoint of
optimising consumption and producing electricity from residual energy from the process: pressure,
heat and cold. Launch of new infrastructures and services to analyse biogas (recently accredited)

113


--- Page 7 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

and sulphur compounds. Start of the development of an evolution of the VUM software, which is a
tool used in the metrology verification procedures at measuring stations.

h) Other matters. Concluding of an agreement with the Spanish Metrology Centre for the recognition
of the Zaragoza LACAP as a Collaborating Laboratory. The Group has also collaborated with
different regulatory preparation groups relating to gas and biomethane quality, in accordance with
the M400 and M475 mandates of the European Union, and the measurement of natural gas.

VL- Transactions with treasury shares

The Group did not buy or sell treasury shares in 2014.

VIL- Additional information

This additional disclosure is included to comply with article 116 bis of Spain’s Securities Market Act 24/1988, of 28
July).

a) The structure of capital, including securities which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market
in a member state, indicating, where appropriate, the different classes of shares and, for each class of
Shares, the rights and obligations attaching thereto and the percentage of total share capital represented

Capital structure of the parent company:

Date of last - Number of Number of
modification Share capital (€) shares voting rights

03-05-02 358,101,390.00 | 238,734,260 238,734,260

All the shares are of the same class,

b) Restrictions on the transfer of securities.

‘There are no restrictions on the transfer of securities.

o) Significant direct and indirect shareholdings.

Significant shareholdings (excluding directors) as stated on the CNMV website:

Number of, ad
Name or corporate name of shareholder | |. _.,|Number of indirect ancy vi
(*) Po direct voting voting rights % total voting rights
rights
OMAN OIL COMPANY, S.A.0.C. (**) 0 11,936,702 5,000
FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 0 4,710,880 1.973
RETAIL OEICS AGGREGATE 0 2,410,274 1.010

(*) Among the most significant changes in the shareholder composition in 2014, Kutxabank, S.A. ceased to hold a
significant interest in Enagas on 16 June 2014. Specifically, on 10 March 2014 Kutxabank, S.A. reported to the
CNMV the sale of 0.020% of the share capital of Enagas, and it's stake fell from 5%.

114


--- Page 8 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

Kutxabank, S.A. then reported to the CNMV the sale of 4.962 % of the share capital of Enagaés on 16 June 2004, and

ceased to be a significant shareholder in Enagés at that time. Kube@bank, S.A. maintains a 0.018% of the share
capital of Enagas.

(*) Through:
Number of | 0 total
Name or corporate name of shareholder ore wong voting rights
OMAN OIL HOLDINGS ESPANA, S.L.U. 11,936,702 5,000
Total 11,936,702 5,000
Significant shareholdings of directors holding voting shares in the company:
Number of
Number of caren
. . indirect % of total
Name or corporate name of sharehoker ore voting voting rights | voting rights
()
ANTONIO LLARDEN CARRATALA 56,396 ie) 0.024
MARCELINO OREJA ARBURUA 1,260 ie) 0.001
MR. SULTAN HAMED KHAMIS AL 4 0 0
BURTAMANI
LUIS JAVIER NAVARRO VIGIL 1,A05 7,075 0.004
MARTI PARELLADA SABATA 910 ie) 0
RAMON PEREZ SIMARRO 100 ie) 0
SOCIEDAD ESTATAL DE
PARTICIPACIONES INDUSTRIALES 11,936,713 0 5,000
(SEPI)
TOTAL 11,996,785 7,075 5.029
(*) Through:
Number of % total
Name or corporate name of shareholder ore voting voting rights
NEWCOMER 2000, S.L.U. 7,075 0.003
Total 7,075 0.003

d) Any restrictions on voting rights

Additional Provision 31 of the Oil and Gas Act 34/1998, of 7 October, in force since the enactment of Law 12/2011,

of 27 May, goveming civil liability for nuclear damage or damage caused by radioactive materials, specifies in section
2 that;

"No individual or body corporate may hold a direct or indirect stake of more than 5% in the equity capital of the parent
company (ENAGAS, S.A.), nor may they exercise voting rights in such Company of over 3%. Under no
circumstances may such shareholdings be syndicated. Those parties that operate within the gas sector, including
those natural persons or bodies corporate that directly or indirectly possess equity holdings in the former of more
than 5%, may not exercise voting rights in the said parent company of over 1%. These restrictions do not apply to

direct or indirect interests held by public-sector enterprises. Under no circumstances may share capilal be
syndicated.

115


--- Page 9 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

In addition, the sum of direct and indirect shareholdings held by parties operating in the natural gas industry may not
exceed 40%.

For the purposes of calculating the stake in that shareholding structure, in addition to the shares or other securities
held or acquired by entities belonging to its same group, as defined by article 4 of the Securities Market Act 24/1988,
of 28 July, stakes shall be attriouted to one and the same individual or body corporate when they are owned by:

a) Those parties who act in their own name but on behalf of that individual or body corporate in a concerted fashion
or forming a decision-making unit with them. Unless proven otherwise, the members of a goveming body shall be
presumed to act on account of or in concert with that governing body.

b) Partners and those with which one of them exercises control over a dominant company in accordance with article
4 of Securities Market Act 24/1988, of 28 July.

In any event, regard shall be had to the proprietary ownership of the shares and other securities and the voting rights
attached to each.

Non-compliance with the limitation on a stake in the capital referred to in this article shall be deemed a very serious
breach in accordance with the terms set out in article 109 of this Act. Responsibility shall lie with the individuals or
bodies corporate that end up as owners of the securities or whoever the excess stake in the capital or in the voting
fights can be attributed to, pursuant to the provisions of the preceding paragraphs. In any event, the regime of
penalties laid down in the law shall be applied.

Enagas, S.A. may not transfer the shares of the subsidiaries carrying out regulated activities to third parties.”

That same Additional Provision Thirty One, section 3, states that

3, The restrictions of shareholding percentages and the non-transferability of the shares referred to in this provision
are not applicable to other subsidiaries that ENAGAS, S.A. may constitute for business activities other than
transmission regulated by article 66 of Act 34/ 1998, of 7 October, on the Oil and Gas Industry, the management of
the transmission network and the technical management of the national gas system".

Meanwhile, article 6 bis of the Company's Articles of Association (Limitations to ownership of share capital"),
establishes that:

“No individual or body corporate may hold a direct or indirect interest in the shareholder structure of the company
responsible for technical system management of more than 5% of the share capital, nor exercise voting rights in such
company of over 3%. Under no circumstances may such shareholdings be syndicated. Those parties that operate
within the gas sector, including those natural persons or bodies corporate that directly or indirectly possess equity
holdings in the latter of more than 5%, may not exercise voting rights in Enagas, SA. in excess of 1%. These
restrictions do not apply to direct or indirect interests held by public-sector enterprises. Under no circumstances may
share capital be syndicated.

In addition, the sum of direct and indirect shareholdings held by parties operating in the natural gas industry may not
exceed 40%,

For the purposes of calculating the stake in that shareholder structure, the applicable Oil and Gas legislation shall
apply.

Enagas may not transfer to third parties shares of the subsidiaries included in its Group that undertake transmission
and technical system management, which are regulated businesses under Oil and Gas legislation.

116


--- Page 10 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

e) Agreements between shareholders
There is no record of any agreements among the Company's shareholders.

i] The rules govering the appointment and replacement of board members and the amendment of the
articles of association

Bylaw provisions affecting the appointment and replacement of board members:

Article 35.—- Composition of the Board.

The Company shall be govemed and managed by the Board of Directors, which shall represent the Company
collegiately, both in and out of court. Its representation shall extend, without any limitation of power, to all acts
embodied in the corporate purpose.

The Board of Directors shall be composed of a minimum of 6 members and a maximum of 15, appointed by the
General Meeting.

Directors shall be elected by vote. For this purpose, shares that are voluntarily pooled to constitute an amount of
share capital that is equal to or greater than the result of dividing the latter by the number of Directors, shall be
entitled to appoint a number of Directors equal to the integer number resulting from that proportion. If this power is
exercised, the shares pooled in this fashion shall not take part in the voting for the appointment of the remaining
Directors.

A Director need not be a shareholder, may step down from office, may have his appointment revoked, and may be
re-elected on one or more occasions.

Appointment as director shall take effect upon acceptance of the post.
The following cannot be Directors or, if applicable, natura-person representatives of a body-corporate director:

a) Natural or legal persons who hold the post of director in more than 5 (five) companies whose shares are
admitted to trading on national or foreign markets.

b) Natural or legal persons whose circumstances render them incompatible or prohibited from serving on the
board under any of the general provisions in law, including those persons who in any manner have interests
that run contrary to those of the Company or its Group.

Article 37.- Posts.

The Board of Directors shall appoint its Chainman.

The Board of Directors may appoint an Independent Director, on the proposal of the Appointments, Remuneration

and Corporate Responsibility Committee, to perform the following duties, under the title of Lead Independent
Director.

a) To request the Chairman of the Board of Directors to convene that body when the said Coordinating
Independent Director deems it appropriate.

b) To request that items be included on the Agenda of the meetings of the Board of Directors.

c) To coominate and give voice to the concems of non-executive directors; and to oversee the Board's
evaluation of its Chairman and, where appropriate, the Chief Executive Officer.

d) To perform as a Deputy Chairman the functions of the Chairman as regards the Board of Directors, if the

Chairman is absent, ill or unable to act as Chairman for whatever reason, In the absence of a Lead
Independent Director, for the purposes of this section the most senior Director in age shall act as Chairman.

117


--- Page 11 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

The Chairman and the Secretary to the Board of Directors and the Deputy Secretary, if any, if re-elected to the Board
by a resolution of the General Meeting, shall continue to perform the offices hitherto held on the Board without need
of being freshly elected, subject to the power of revocation of such offices that rests with the Board of Directors.

Regulations goveming the organisation and functioning of the Board of Directors

Article 3.- Quantitative and qualitative composition.

1- Within the minimum and maximum limits set forth under Article 35 of the Company's current Articles of
Association, and without prejudice to the powers of proposal enjoyed by shareholders, the Board of Directors
shall submit to the General Meeting such Board membership size as it deems appropriate in the interests of
the Company at the given time. The General Shareholders’ Meeting shall decide on the final number.

2- The Board of Directors shall be composed of directors classified into the categories specified below:

a) Intemal or Executive Directors: directors who perform senior management functions or are employed
by the company or its Group. If a director performs senior management functions and, at the same
time, is or represents a significant shareholder or one that is represented on the Board of Directors,
he/she shall be considered intemal or executive for purposes of the present Regulations.

No more than 20% of the total number of members of the Board of Directors may belong to this
category.

b) Non-executive directors: These directors shall in tum fall into three categories:

b1) — Significant-Shareholder Appointed Directors: directors who hold a shareholding interest equal to
or greater than that which is considered significant under the law or have been appointed on
account of their status as shareholders, even if their shareholding is less than said amount, as
well as those who represent said shareholders.

b2)  Independent_Directors: directors of acknowledged professional prestige who are able to
contribute their experience and knowledge to corporate governance and who, since they do not
belong to either of the two preceding categories, meet the conditions set forth under article 9 of
the present Regulations, The number of independent directors shall represent at least one third
of all directors.

b3) Other Non-executive Directors: Non-executive Directors who are not Significant-Sharehoker
Appointed Directors and cannot be classified as Independent Directors in accordance with
article 9 of these Regulations.

In exercising its powers of co-option and proposal to the General Shareholders’ Meeting to fill vacancies, the Board of
Directors shall endeavour to ensure that, within the composition of the body, Independent Directors represent a broad
majority over Executive Directors and that among Non-execulive Directors, the relationship between Significant-
Shareholder Appointed Directors and Independent Directors should match the proportion between the capital
represented on the board by Significant-Shareholder Appointed Directors and the remainder of the Company's
capital.

The following cannot be directors or, if applicable, natural-person representatives of a body-corporate director:

a) Natural persons or bodies corporate who hold the post of director in more than 5 (five) companies
whose shares are admitted to trading on national or foreign markets.

118


--- Page 12 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

Article

b) Natural or legal persons whose circumstances render them incompatible or prohibited from serving on
the board under any of the general provisions in law, including those persons who in any manner have
interests that run contrary to those of the Company or its Group.

c) Directorships may not be exercised by natural persons or bodies-corporate that exercise control or
rights in a company carrying out functions of production or sale of natural gas, or by any other natural
persons or bodies-corporate the presence of whom or which on the Board, pursuant to the legislation
applicable to the Oil and Gas sector, may affect the Company's status as technical transmission
operator.

8.- Appointment of Directors.

1-

2-

Directors shall be appointed by the General Shareholders' Meeting or by the Board of Directors in conformity
with the provisions of the Spanish Limited Liability Companies Law and the Company's Articles of Association.

Candidates must be persons who, in addition to satisfying the legal and statutory requirements of the post,
have acknowledged prestige and appropriate professional knowledge and experience to perform their tasks.

Proposals for the appointment of Directors which the Board of Directors submits to the General Shareholders’
Meeling, as well as appointments adopted by the Board by virtue of its powers of co-option, must be made
subject to a report from the Appointments, Remuneration and Corporate Responsibility Committee. When the
Board of Directors does not agree with the Committee’s recommendations, it must explain its reasons and
duly record them in the minutes.

Selection procedures must be free of any implied bias against female candidates. The Company shall make
an effort to include women with the target profile among the candidates for Board positions.

Article 9.- Appointment of Independent Directors

Independent Directors are defined as directors appointed for their personal and professional qualities who are in a
position to perform their duties without being influenced by any connection with the Company, its significant
shareholders or its management. As such, under no circumstances may the following be classified as Independent
Directors:

a)

e)

Past employees or Executive Directors of Group companies, unless three or five years have elapsed,
respectively, from the end of the employment relationship.

Those who have received some payment or other form of compensation from the Company or its Group on
top of their directors' fees, unless the amount involved is not significant. Payment shall not include for the
purposes of the provisions of this article, dividends or pension top-ups paid to the director in connection with
his or her former professional or employment relationship, so long as their settlement is unconditional in
nature and the Company paying them cannot arbitrarily choose to suspend, modify or revoke their payment,
unless the director is in breach of his or her obligations.

Partners, now or in the past three years, in the external auditor or the firm responsible for the audit report,
during the said period, of Enagas, S.A. or any other within its Group.

Executive directors or senior officers of another company where an executive director or senior officer of
Enagas, S.A. is an extemal director.

Those having material business dealings with Enagas, S.A. or some other in its Group or who have had
such dealings in the preceding year, either on their own account or as the significant shareholder, director or

119


--- Page 13 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

senior officer of a company that has or has had such dealings. Business relationships shall be defined as
relationships whereby the Company serves as a provider of goods or services, including those of a financial
nature, or as an advisor or consultant.

f) Significant shareholders, executive directors or senior officers of an entity that receives significant donations
from Enagas, S.A. or its Group, or has done so in the past three years. Patrons or trustees of any foundation
that receives donations shall not be included under this section.

g) Spouses, or partners maintaining an analogous affective relationship, or close relatives of one of the
company's executive directors or senior officers.

h) Any person not proposed for appointment or renewal by the Appointments, Remuneration and Corporate
Responsibility Committee.

i) Those standing in some of the situations listed in a), e), f) or g) above in relation to a significant shareholder
or a shareholder with board representation. In the case of the family relations set out in letter g), the
limitation shall apply not only in connection with the shareholder but also with his or her proprietary directors
in the investee company. Significant-Shareholder Appointed Directors disqualified as such and obliged to
resign due to the disposal of shares by the shareholder they represent may only be re-elected as
independents once the said sharehoker has sold alll remaining shares in the company.

A director with shares in the company may qualify as independent, provided he or she meets all the
conditions stated in this article and the holding in question is not significant.

Article 10.- Duration of post and co-option.

Directors may hold their post for a period of four years, and may be re-elected. Directors appointed by co-option will
perform their functions until the date of the next General Shareholders’ Meeting.

Article 11.- Re-appointment of Directors.

The Appointments, Remuneration and Corporate Responsibility Committee, responsible for evaluating the quality of
work and dedication to the post of the directors proposed during the previous term of office, shall provide information
fequired to assess proposal for re-appointment of directors presented by the Board of Directors to the General
Shareholders’ Meeting.

As a general rule, appropriate rotation of Independent Directors should be endeavoured. For this reason, when an
Independent Director is proposed for re-election, the circumstances making this Director's continuity in the post
advisable must be justified. Independent Director should not stay on as such for a continuous period of more than 12
years.

Article 12.- Cessation of Directors.

1.- Directors shall leave their post after the first General Shareholders’ Meeting following the end of their term of
appointment and in all other cases in accordance with the law, the Articles of Association and these Rules and
Regulations.

2- Directors must place their offices at the Board of Directors’ disposal, and tender their resignation, if the Board
deems fit, in the following cases:

a) When they are affected by instances of incompatibility or prohibitions laid down in Law, in the Articles
of Association, and in these Regulations.

120


--- Page 14 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

b) When they are in serious breach of their obligations as directors.

c) When they may put the interests of the company at risk or ham its name and reputation. If a director
is indicted or an order is issued to initiate a trial against him/her for a crime specified under article
213 of the Spanish Limited Liability Companies Law, the Board shall examine the matter as promptly
as possible and, in view of the particular circumstances, decide where or not the director should be
called on to resign.

d) When the reason for which they were appointed as directors no longer exists.

e) When Independent Directors no longer fulfil the criteria required under article 9.

f) When the shareholder represented by a Significant-Shareholder Appointed Directors sells its entire
interest. If such shareholders reduce their stakes, thereby losing some of their entitlement to
proprietary directors, the latter's number should be reduced proportionately.

Should the Board of Directors not deem it advisable to have a Director tender his/her resignation in the

cases specified under letters d), e) and f), the Director must be included in the category that, in

accordance with these Rules and Regulations, is most appropriate based on his/her new circumstances.
3. The Board of Directors shall not propose the removal of Independent Directors before the expiry of their
tenure as mandated by the Articles of Association, except where just cause is found by the Board, based on a
proposal from the Nomination Committee.
4- After a Director resigns from his/her post, he/she may not work for a competitor for a period of two years,
unless exempted from this duty or the duration of the duty is shortened by the Board of Directors.

Bylaw provisions affecting the amendment of the Articles of Association:

Article 26. - Special quorum.

An ordinary or extraordinary General Meeting may validly resolve to increase or reduce capital, make any other
alterations to the Articles of Association, issue bonds, remove or restrict the pre-emptive subscription right for new
shares, and restructure, merge or split the company, transfer all the assets and liabiliies thereof, or move the
registered office to outside Spain, if, at the original date and time specified in the notice of meeting, there are present,
in person or by proxy, shareholders representing at least fifty percent of voting subscribed capital.

At second call, attendance of at least twenty-five percent of the paid up voting capital shall be sufficient.
g) The powers of board members and in particular the power to issue or buy back shares

The powers delegated to the Exeoutive Chair, MR. ANTONIO LLARDEN CARRATALA, by Enagds' Board of
Directors, were granted in the public deed dated 9 February 2007 executed before the Notary Public of Madrid Pedro
de la Herran Matorras, with number 324 in his notarial archive and is recorded in Volume 20,090, Book 0, File 172,
Section 8; Sheet M-6113; Entry 668 of the Madrid Companies Register.

On 25 March 2014 the Board of Directors of Enagas, S.A. delegated to MARCELINO OREJA ARBURUA the powers
that the Board of Directors considered had to be delegated to the Chief Executive Officer within statutory limits, in
accordance with article 43 of the Company's Articles of Association and article 19 of the Board Regulations. These
powers, were granted in the public deed dated 28 May 2014 executed before the Notary Public of Madrid

121


--- Page 15 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

Mr, Pedro de la Herrén Matorras, with number 1,306 in his notarial archive and is recorded in Volume 32,018, Book
0, File 5, Section 8, Sheet M-6113, Entry 777 of the Madrid Companies Register.

Although said powers encompass broad powers of representation, they do not include the ability to issue or buy back
shares of the Company.

Regardless of the foregoing, the ninth resolution adopted at the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on
30 March 2012 is currently in force. Its terms are:

“To empower the Board of Directors, as broadly as is legally necessary, so that, in accordance with article
297.1(b) of the Spanish Limited Liability Companies Law, it may, at any time, increase share capital, in one or
more transactions, within a period of five years as of the date of this General Meeting by a maximum amount
of 179 million euros through the issuance of new shares, with or without voting rights or issue premium, and
with consideration for such new shares being monetary contributions, entitling the Board to set the terms and
conditions of the capital increase and the characteristics of the shares; freely offer the new unsubscribed
shares wilh a period or periods of preferred subscription; establish that, in the event of incomplete
subscription, the capital shall be increased only in the amount of the subscriptions made; and provide new
wording for the article of the Company's Articles of Association goveming share capital.”

h) Significant agreements to which the company is a party and which take effect, alter or terminate
upon a change of control of the company arising from a takeover bid and the effects thereof except where
such disclosure could pose a serious risk to the company. This exception is not applicable when the
company is legally obliged to disclose the information.

No agreements of this kind exist.

i) Agreements between the Company and its board members or employees providing for
compensation if they resign or are made redundant without valid reason or if their employment relation ends
following a takeover bid.

The Company has an agreement with the Executive Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and eight of its officers
that include express severance pay clauses.

The clauses in each case are applicable in cases of company termination of the contract, unfair disciplinary
dismissal, dismissal for the reasons outlined under article 52 of the Workers’ Statute, or as decided by the manager
citing one of the reasons outlined under article 50 of the Workers’ Statute, provided the resolution is certified by
means of conciliation between the parties, legal judgement, arbitration award, or resolution by a competent
administrative body. They are not applicable if the resolution is the result of a unilateral decision made by the
manager without just cause.

All such contracts have been approved by the Board of Directors.

VIIL- The average payment period to suppliers,

The Group's average payment period for suppliers is 33.01 days and the maximum period established in the late-
payment legislation is not exceeded. The Company caries out a series of defined control activities within its Financial
Reporting Internal Control System that mainly consist of the performance of regular monitoring of accounts payable

to suppliers, compliance with the conditions established in agreements with them and the analysis of the status of
those accounts in order to reduce the average payment period for suppliers.

122


--- Page 16 ---

Consolidated Financial Statements at 31 December 2014
Enagas Group.-

X.- Events after the balance sheet date

On 14 January 2015, Enagas Transporte, S.A.U. concluded an agreement with a fund managed by Deutsche Asset
& Wealth Management to acquire 30% of BBG (in which Enagas already holds a 40% stake) and 30% in Saggas.
These companies are the owners of the Bilbao and Sagunto regasification plants, respectively. BBG, the Seller,
Enagas Transporte, S.A.U. and EVE subsequently concluded a new purchase agreement on 21 January 2015,
making the preceding agreement null and void and agreeing that Enagas Transporte, S.A.U. would acquire 10% in
BBG, and EVE 20%. Notwithstanding the above, these acquisitions are subject to the relevant approval from the
regulatory authorities, which has yet to be resolved at the date on which these consolidated financial statements were
prepared.

On 6 February 2015, Enagas Financiaciones, S.A.U. issued bonds in the Euromarket in the amount of 600 million
euros, secured by Enagas, S.A., as part of its Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme debt issue
programme (EMTN programme), registered with the Luxembourg Financial Sector Oversight Committee (CSSF) on
13 May 2014. This issue matures on 6 February 2025 and has an annual coupon of 1.25% and an issue price of
99.08. Part of the bonds have been swapped for 282,300 thousand euros of the bonds issued in October 2012 for a
total amount of 750,000 thousand euros with a coupon of 4.25% and maturing on 5 October 2017. These latter bonds
were also issued by Enagas Financiaciones, S.A.U. and secured by Enagas, S.A.

On 28 January 2015, Enagas Transporte, S.A.U. concluded an agreement with Unidn Eléctrica de Canarias
Generacién, S.A.U. and Sociedad para el Desarrollo Econdémico de Canarias, S.A. to acquire 47.18% and 10.88% of
the slake that those shareholders held, respectively, in Gascan. Under this transaction in which Enagas Transporte,
S.A.U. would wholly own Gascan, the provisions of Law 17/2013, State Administration, of 29 October would be met
to guarantee the supply and increase competition in island and non-mainland electrical systems and therefore the
ownership of the regasification plants that are planned for the Canary Islands must be held by the business group
that forms part of the natural gas technical management system (Enagas GTS, S.A.U., wholly owned by Enagas,
S.A.). The total amount of the transaction, which covers both the price of the shares and the participating loans of
those shareholders, totals 8,989 thousand euros,

No events having a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements have occurred between 31
December 2014 and the date of authorising the accompanying consolidated financial statements for issue.

123
