

--- Page 1 ---

Commentary on the financial year
2014 highlights

4.1. 2014 HIGHLIGHTS

General environment

Macroeconomic conditions in 2014 were still uneven. Apart from the
major crises that beset certain regions and the monetary turbulence
seen in the period, the 2014 financial year was torn between strongly
positive trends in certain geographic areas and poor conditions in
others. In mature markets, the economy continued to recover gradually
in Europe, though with differing levels of growth country by country,
while in the United States a favourable environment continued to foster
household consumption. In Japan, on the other hand, the environment
turned out to be very challenging. In the emerging markets, economic
conditions varied from one country to another. In Latin America the
economic climate was strained, particularly in Brazil, affecting demand,
while Argentina came close to defaulting on its payments. Russia for
its part saw a major economic slowdown because of international
sanctions due to the conflict in Ukraine and the fall in oil prices in the
second half of the year, leading to a collapse of the ruble against the
euro by year end. By contrast, China’s dynamism remained strong.

Against this backdrop, the Small Household Equipment market
remained active, showing its resistance to cyclical downturns. It was
bolstered both by product replacements and upgrades in advanced
economies, thanks to product innovation, and by the adoption

Currencies

2014 again saw great volatility in currencies and a drop, often very
significant, in the majority of them against the euro, continuing or
amplifying the trends seen in the second half of 2013. The changes
cited below are based on average exchange rates as compared
to 2013. The Russian ruble, trending downward since the second half
of 2013, experienced a huge loss of value toward the close of 2014.
The currency fell 17% against the euro, but ended the period close to
its all-time low. Besides the Russian ruble, many currencies lost value
versus the euro. This is the case for the Turkish lira (down 12.9%),
the Brazilian real (down 8.2%), the Colombian peso (down 6.5%), the
Canadian dollar (down 6.8%), the Ukrainian hryvnia (down 31.7%)
and the Mexican peso (down 3.9%). The yen fell yet again (7.7%)
after its devaluation in 2013 and presented a major challenge for the

Raw materials

The Group’s business is exposed to fluctuations in the price of certain
raw materials, including metals such as aluminium, nickel (used in
stainless steel) and copper. It is also exposed to price changes in
plastics used in the manufacture of small domestic appliances. These
exposures are direct, or indirect if the manufacturing of the product is
outsourced to subcontractors. Over the course of the past few years

of appliances by a fast-rising middle class in new economies.
Performance in the sector, however, varied by product category:
strong dynamic in food preparation, electrical cooking, home care
(vacuum cleaners), fans (favourable weather conditions in the most
affected geographical areas) or cookware, whereas linen care and
beverage preparation stalled. As in 2013, the market was highly
competitive and promotion-driven, a trend amplified by the distribution
industry, due to a price war waged at the retail level. The uncertainty
surrounding the entire year, incidentally, caused many distributors to
manage their inventories very cautiously, while holding their suppliers
to tight delivery times.

The transformation of the retail sector continued, especially with
the rapid development of e-commerce. Even if one observed a few
defaults and store closings, no major business failures occurred
in 2014. The Group did not suffer significant late payment problems
and maintained high credit insurance levels.

Group in 2014 with the expiration of hedges taken in 2012 which had
protected the Group's earnings in 2013.

The US dollar and the Chinese yuan held fairly stable during the year,
on average, but clearly rose in value by the close of the year. A few
currencies strengthened, such as the Korean won (3.9%) and the
British pound (6.3%).

These changes resulted in a negative effect on sales of €132 million,
versus a negative effect in 2013 of €116 million and a positive impact
in 2012 of €114 million. This trend hurt profitability, with a -€94 million
impact on operating result from activity in 2014. The Group took
corrective actions such as price increases and strict cost controls,
aimed at lessening the impact of currencies on profitability in the
countries concerned.

the prices of raw materials have experienced great volatility: a jump
up in 2007, then a collapse with the financial crisis of 2009, a quick
recovery based on economic stimulus plans, and back to a downward
trend since mid 2011. In 2014, raw material prices showed little change
generally speaking.

1 08 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014


--- Page 2 ---

The price of aluminium was stable in 2014 with an average price of
$1,895 per tonne ($1,887 in 2013). The price of copper followed a
downward trend (-7%) with an average price of $6,830 per tonne,
versus $7,325 in 2013. Lastly, nickel experienced a rise in 2014 (+12%)
with an average price of $16,950 per tonne ($15,080 in 2013). It should
be recalled, nonetheless, that in order to smooth out the effect of
these variations, the Group has implemented a hedging policy on 6 to
12 rolling months for a significant portion of its metal needs.

Commentary on the financial year
2014 highlights

Plastics rose slightly in 2014 despite the drop in oil prices starting in
the summer. It should be noted that the Group purchases mainly pre-
manufactured plastic parts, which means that the impact of changes
in oil prices has less of an effect on its purchasing prices.

The prices of outsourced finished goods stabilised despite wage
inflation in China, owing to the purchasing terms negotiated and
suppliers’ productivity gains. The Group's index of purchased finished
goods for 2014 was therefore unchanged from 2013.

Appointments to the Board of Directors

On 15 May 2014, the General Shareholders’ Meeting of SEB S.A.
approved the appointment of Bruno Bich as a member of the Board of
Directors for a period of four years, to replace Norbert Dentressangle,
whose term of office came to an end. The General Meeting ratified
the co-optation of Fonds Stratégique de Participations (FSP) as a

member of the Board of Directors, to replace Philippe Lenain, who
resigned. FSP is represented by Catherine Pourre, who also chairs
the Audit Committee. The General Meeting also ratified the decision
to co-opt the company FFP Invest, represented by Christian Peugeot
and replacing FFP, as a director.

Bertrand Neuschwander appointed Chief Operating Officer

On 22 April 2014 the Board of Directors, at the recommendation
of its Chairman Thierry de La Tour d’Artaise, appointed Bertrand
Neuschwander as Chief Operating Officer of Groupe SEB. As part
of his new role, Bertrand Neuschwander assists Thierry de La Tour
d’Artaise, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, with the operational
management of Groupe SEB. An Engineering graduate from the
National Agronomic Institute of Paris-Grignon and holder of an MBA

from INSEAD business school, Bertrand Neuschwander was CEO at
Devanlay/Lacoste after having led the Aubert Group for nine years.
He began his career at Arthur Andersen in 1987, before joining Apax
Partners & Cie in 1991. He joined Groupe SEB in 2010, first as Senior
Executive Vice-president for Business Units and then, since 2012,
as Senior Executive Vice-president for Strategy and Business Units.

Acquisition of the remaining shares in Maharaja Whiteline

On 13 May 2014, the Group finalised an agreement with its Indian
partner for the acquisition of the remaining 45% of the share capital
of Maharaja Whiteline. After the acquisition of 55% of the capital in
December 2011, Groupe SEB thus holds 100% of the company. This
full acquisition confirms Groupe SEB's ambition to expand in India
and quickly accelerate Maharaja Whiteline’s growth, especially via a

strong pipeline of new products, supported by Groupe SEB’s world-
known innovation expertise, and a strengthened relationship with
its distribution partners. Sunil Wadhwa, who was formerly CEO and
Managing Director of Usha International Ltd, remains Chief Executive
Officer.

Production of kitchen and bathroom scales stopped at Rumilly

The Group discontinued the production of bathroom scales and kitchen
scales at he Rumilly site on 31 October 2014. The discontinuation
had no impact on jobs. Following the procedure to inform and
consult the Works Council and the Health and Safety Committee, the
36 production employees were offered a reassignment within Rumilly’s

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014 - GROUPE SEB = 1 09

non-electrical cookware activity, as well as individual transfer support
(mentoring, training, etc.) aimed at facilitating their reassignment.
The scales innovation and “smart products” activities, which employ
11 people, remain based in Rumilly.


--- Page 3 ---

Commentary on the financial year
2014 highlights

Early renewal of the syndicated credit facility

In keeping with its proactive financial management, last July Groupe
SEB renegotiated with its banks its €560 million syndicated line of
credit established in 2011 and expiring in February 2016. Taking
advantage of favourable market conditions and making use of the
same seven-bank pool, the Group signed a new syndicated facility of

Awards for Groupe SEB

In 2014, Groupe SEB received a wide variety of distinctions:

GROUPE SEB FRANCE’S CONSUMER SERVICES
DEPARTMENT VOTED CUSTOMER SERVICE OF
THE YEAR

In October 2014, the Consumer Services department of Groupe SEB
France won the 2015 award for Best Customer Service. This yearly
competition evaluates the quality of customer relations at selected
companies, screening all points of contact with consumers: telephone
calls, contact forms or emails, social networks and navigating six of
our branded sites (Seb, Calor, Moulinex, Krups, Tefal and Rowenta).
No fewer than 3,150 criteria were evaluated over 10 weeks of testing,
and 215 mystery tests were conducted.

SHAREHOLDER RELATIONS AWARD

Groupe SEB won three awards in the first shareholder relations
competition of the French “Le Revenu” magazine (Trophées de la

€560 million on 31 July 2014 for five years, with two options for one-
year extensions. This financing supports the €600 million commercial
paper programme but can also be used for any other needs. Through
this early renewal, the Group has bolstered its financial structure and
lowered its financing costs.

Relation Actionnaires). These awards are given to companies judged
to be the most deserving based on evaluations in the following
categories: Best Shareholder Services, Best Shareholder Meeting,
and Best Website. The Group received the silver medal for the Best
Shareholder Meeting, the bronze for the Best Website and the bronze
for the Overall trophy (all categories combined).

PURCHASING AWARD

The eighth annual purchasing awards organised by the French
professional purchasing association (Compagnie des Dirigeants
et Acheteurs de France) recognised the Groupe SEB Purchasing
department (Paris, 16 June) for the way it transformed the function
in two years. The judges, all purchasing professionals, selected the
best of their peers in seven categories. In the most prestigious one,
“Purchasing Director and Team of the Year”, Groupe SEB was noted
for installing a worldwide professional purchasing system: 300 people
in 11 countries working closely with the business lines and pursuing
value creation, performance and cost efficiency objectives...

1 1 0 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014


--- Page 4 ---

Commentary on the financial year

Commentary on consolidated sales

4.2. COMMENTARY ON CONSOLIDATED

SALES

Change (based on exact figures, not rounded)

Sales
(in € millions) 2014 2013 Reported Like-for-like
France 700 666 +5.1% 45.1%
Other Western European countries 849 821 +3.5% 42.8%
North America 496 468 +5.9% +4.0%
South America 421 426 -1.3% 46.9%
Asia-Pacific 1.132 1,087 +4.2% 47.9%
Central Europe, Russia and other countries 655 693 -5.6% +0.4%
TOTAL 4,253 4,161 #2.2% 44.6%
Change (based on exact figures, not rounded)
Sales
(in € millions) 4" quarter 2014 4" quarter 2013 Reported Like-for-like
France 275 252 +9.2% 49.2%
Other Western European countries 305 305 -0.0% -1.2%
North America 171 149 +14.4% +5.0%
South America 128 119 +7.3% +11.0%
Asia-Pacific 315 296 +6.6% 43.5%
Central Europe, Russia and other countries 204 207 -1.4% +7.0%
TOTAL 1,398 1,328 45.3% +4.9%

The global macro-economic environment in 2014 was marked by
weak growth, underpinned by a climate of uncertainty or turbulence
in several emerging countries and critical situations in certain regions
of the world. It was also a year of extreme volatility on the foreign
exchange markets with many currencies showing persistent weakness
against the euro. The situation worsened in the fourth quarter when
the rouble collapsed, while the US dollar and Chinese yuan were
getting stronger.

In a highly competitive and promotion-driven environment, the small
household equipment market continued to grow overall but performed
unevenly from one country to another.

With €4,253 million in 2014 sales, driven by higher volumes,
Groupe SEB’s reported growth stood at 2.2%, while growth was 4.6%
on a like-for-like basis. Organic growth in 2014 was therefore strong,
as announced, buoyed by the positive contribution of nearly all the
Group's major markets with the exceptions of Russia and Japan. Once
again, innovation proved to be a driver. In this environment, Group
revenue rose by 2% in mature markets (which accounted for 54%
of 2014 revenue) and by 8% in emerging economies (46% of the total).

Sales were impacted by a negative €132 million foreign exchange
effect, in keeping with 2013's negative effect of €116 million. This
effect was due to the drop in most of the Group's functional currencies
against the euro and was largely incurred in the first half of the year. In
the second half of the year the impact on revenue was more moderate,
with several opposing trends offsetting each other.

The scope of consolidation effect represented an impact of
+€33 million for the year and stemmed from the consolidation on
1 January 2014 of Groupe SEB India (formerly Maharaja Whiteline)
and the Canadian company Coranco.

+ ORGANIC GROWTH IN SALES BY QUARTER IN 2012, 2013

AND 2014

In %

2

“4
1

@ 2012

@ 2013

13 14

@ 2014

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014 - GROUPE SEB = 1 1 1


--- Page 5 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

Product sales performance

The Group relies on a product thrust driven by new concepts, the
introduction of new functional features, fresh designs, opening up
new categories, the geographical expansion of certain ranges, etc.
Among these innovations, a few products have been the locomotives
pulling the whole product range.

The Group's product dynamic once again held strong in 2014, and
it covered an enlarged worldwide reach, with products specifically
designed for certain markets.

The various product categories contributed to the Group's performance
as described below:

= home comfort grew strongly, in particular in Brazil and Colombia,
in particular thanks to fans which were driven by the success of the
Turbo Silencio range. Asia also shared in the growth in this category,
while the air dehumi rs business also developed;

@ home care turned in another year of solid sales growth. Bagless
vacuum cleaners grew considerably due to product line extension
and particularly to the Silence Force Multi Cyclonic, an ultra-quiet
model that met with great success. Air Force vacuum cleaners
continued their strong performance. In Europe, 2014 was the year
that energy labelling of vacuum cleaners took effect, as well as
the restriction on their power to 1,600W. This deadline had been
anticipated, and therefore the Group had a product range entirely
compliant with the new regulations as of 1 September 2014 and
was among the best positioned in terms of the various performance
criteria revealed by the labels;

@ food preparation gave a very mixed picture and saw its activity dip
somewhat due to the decline in meat mincers, a typical product on
the Russian market, and to the slowdown in Fresh Express sales.
Conversely, the business enjoyed brisk growth in sales of food
processors with the roll-out of Cuisine Companion in France and
its introduction in Spain, Portugal and Italy, three sizeable markets
for this category;

@ linen care showed solid revenue growth. Steam irons rose,
particularly in France, Turkey and Mexico, which more than offset
lower volumes in Russia and Japan. Steam generator sales were
strong, driven particularly by France and the success of the Easy
Control range. The Group benefited from the geographical spread
of garment steamers, especially in South-East Asia;

Geographical performance

FRANCE: A VERY GOOD END TO THE YEAR

In a French market growing slightly, Group sales accelerated sharply in
the fourth quarter, rising by 9.2% on the back of an already strong third
quarter, up 4.6%. The Group therefore recorded its sixth consecutive
quarter of growth, as well as a very good second half. This vigorous
performance was led by the small electrical appliance segment, which

@ personal care suffered form the weakness of the Russian market
and the discontinuation of a loyalty programme with a retailer in
Spain. In hair care, sales were lacklustre in hair dryers but benefited
from the success of the Volume 24 styler and the Steampod, the
professional hair straightener designed in partnership with L’Oréal.
Depilators remained almost flat with the continued success of the
Soft Extreme painless depilator;

cookware saw higher sales in 2014, despite a complicated base
effect connected with a German retailer’s loyalty programme.
Business was notably bolstered by China, where Supor continued
to gain market share. Fixed-handle frying pans and saucepans
remained stable, with growth of All-Clad in North America, Colombia
and China offsetting a negative base effect. The Ingenio ranges with
removable handles performed well and benefited particularly from
a loyalty programme with a French distributor. Pressure cookers
rose due to growth in the Middle East and Canada and in the Clipso
ranges, despite weak market conditions in France and Japan;

electrical cooking turned in an outstanding year and benefited
from a number of growth factors. Optigrill added to its success with
high growth on the US market, fuelled by a constant broadening
of its retail network and a roll-out in many countries. The Cookeo
multicooker made new gains driven especially by an excellent
performance on the French market. Actifry continues to expand,
particularly due to the German market and the launch of the new
generation of Actifry Express. The cost efficiencies gained by in-
sourcing the production of the traditional fryers at Supor brought
with them new sales growth and confirmation of our position as
global leader. Rice cookers enjoyed high growth, bolstered by
Supor’s market share gains in China;

beverage preparation has been growing slightly. In single-serve
coffee, in markets that have remained highly competitive, the Group
profited from the Inissia product launch, which sparked Nespresso
sales, while Dolce Gusto successfully defended its position after
a year of high growth in 2013. Automatic espresso machines
continued to grow briskly due to the broadening of the range and
increased market share in Germany. Home beer-tapping machines
grew, led by Beertender and the introduction of The Sub. In kettles,
the business suffered from a sharp drop in sales in Japan, which
could not be offset by gains in China.

benefited from a strong product dynamic, and by a cookware loyalty
program set up in November with a major retailer. It enabled the
Group to continue to outperform the market and further strengthen
its positions in France. In electrical appliances, the main growth drivers
were once again food preparation appliances (mixers, blenders and,
above all, the Cuisine Companion cooking food processor which has
established a firm foothold in the market), the Cookeo multicooker,

1 1 2 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014


--- Page 6 ---

the sales of which have more than doubled, vacuum cleaners,
Nespresso coffee makers, draught beer systems and traditional oil-
based deep fryers. In ironing, business was more difficult but the
Group outperformed a declining market and reinforced its positions.
In personal care, Group sales were down on the prior year. Lastly, ina
cookware market still decreasing, the Group enjoyed a good end to the
year but was nonetheless unable to offset the lacklustre performance
of the first nine months.

OTHER WESTERN EU COUNTRIES:
SATISFACTORY BUSINESS

In other western European Union countries, the small electrical
appliance market enjoyed solid growth in 2014 whereas the cookware
market was more tense. Despite high-prior year comparatives, the
Group performed well in nearly all European countries. On the year,
sales showed organic growth of 2.8% despite a slight downturn in the
fourth quarter (1.2% in organic terms). In Germany, the Group ended
2014 with sales on a par with the previous year, after experiencing a
steep drop in the fourth quarter due to the high basis of comparison
created by a major cookware loyalty program implemented in late
2013. Excluding the effects of this program, sales were significantly
higher thanks to advances in fryers - led by Actifry -, the good start
of the “Energy Label” vacuum cleaner range and very strong demand
for full-automatic espresso machines. In the United Kingdom, growth
remained firm throughout the year, with buoyant fourth quarter sales
led by Nespresso and Dolce Gusto single-serve coffee makers, Actifry
and Optigrill. In Spain, despite the absence of a large-scale loyalty
program such as the one that boosted 2013 sales, the Group had a
very good year in nearly all product families, further strengthening
its position in a fast-recovering small electrical appliance market.
The same applied in Italy, where, in the fourth quarter, we benefited
from a vibrant demand for the Cuisine Companion cooking food
processor and achieved strong sales of steam irons and Nespresso
coffee makers. Lastly, in the Netherlands and Scandinavia, business
recovered significantly compared with 2013 and was generally robust
throughout the year.

NORTH AMERICA: A STRONGER GROWTH
DYNAMIC

After a start to the year burdened by unfavourable weather conditions,
the upturn in the US economy had a positive effect on our sales in
North America: organic growth was 4% for the year. The pace of
growth accelerated from one quarter to the next, led primarily by the
United States where Group revenue rose by more than 8% in local
currency in the fourth quarter. This strong performance was attributable
to several factors. Cookware sales benefited from the combined
effects of sharply higher demand for T-fal mid-range products, a strong
dynamic of All-Clad in the premium segment and solid development
of Imusa in ethnic items. In kitchen electrics, distribution of Optigrill
was expanded and confirmed its success. In ironing, the introduction
of new Rowenta and T-fal models and advances in garment steam
brush helped to drive growth. The Group's stronger in-store and on-
line presence also contributed to last year’s performance, as did the
success of several specific promotional campaigns. In Canada, in
a market that was less buoyant and penalized by the decline in the

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014 - GROUPE SEB = 1 1 3

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

Canadian dollar, Group sales stalled at the end of the year after months
of uninterrupted growth. Full year sales remained nevertheless up
slightly on 2013 on a like-for-like basis. Lastly, 2014 revenue in Mexico
were also slightly higher than in the prior year in local currency, with
growth led mainly by cookware and steam irons.

SOUTH AMERICA: FASTER GROWTH
IN THE FOURTH QUARTER

By delivering a further acceleration of sales growth, the Group
confirmed in the fourth quarter the solid performance achieved in
the first nine months in South America. In Brazil, we had to face the
uncertain economic environment, currency issues, higher inflation
and lower consumer spending further hampered by the disruptive
effect of the presidential elections. The weakness of the real led us to
increase prices at the beginning of the year, putting additional pressure
on sales. In this challenging environment, the Group nevertheless
delivered strong growth, particularly in the fourth quarter when sales
rose 11.3% like-for-like. Small electrical appliances — particularly fans
and Dolce Gusto coffee machines, steam irons and semi-automatic
washing machines - were the main growth drivers. The cookware
segment remained more difficult but stabilized at the end of the year.
In Colombia, the Group posted solid organic growth in 2014 after
recording a moderate increase in sales in the fourth quarter. This
performance was attributable to electrical appliances such as fans
and steam irons, as well as to the extensive advertising and marketing
support enjoyed by Imusa in connection with the events organised to
celebrate the brand's 80" anniversary.

ASIA-PACIFIC: A GOOD OVERALL
PERFORMANCE, EXCLUDING JAPAN

With sales up 4.2% as reported and 7.9% in local currencies, the
Group had a satisfactory year in the Asia-Pacific region where the
vibrant Chinese business contrasted with very difficult context in
Japan. Fourth quarter sales were generally in line with the first nine
months, although organic growth slowed slightly, to 3.5%. The Group
had a very tough year in Japan, due to a number of negative factors
such as the yen’s weakness against the euro and the resulting price
hikes that severely affected volumes, as well as the increase in the
VAT rate on 1 April which dampened consumer spending. Despite
action to overcome these difficulties, sales fell sharply in 2014, in
stark contrast to the robust growth enjoyed in prior years. The picture
was entirely different in China, where the Group enjoyed extremely
vigorous growth in all four quarters. In a well oriented small household
equipment market, deployment of an offer enhanced by a steady
stream of new products, continued expansion across the country,
particularly in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities, and accelerated growth in on-line
sales helped Supor to further strengthen its positions in both cookware
and small electrical appliances. In the vast majority of other countries
in the region, business was very satisfactory. This was particularly the
case in South Korea, which delivered a strong year.



--- Page 7 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on consolidated sales

CENTRAL EUROPE, RUSSIA AND OTHER
COUNTRIES: FIRM BUSINESS, HELD BACK
BY RUSSIA

The Group’s business in this region was badly affected by the crisis
in Russia and Ukraine and by major currency issues (particularly
for the rouble, the Turkish lira and the Ukrainian hryvnia). In Russia
our 2014 revenue fell sharply at constant rates of exchange. The
economic conditions worsened as the months went by, and demand
was reduced by higher inflation. In a fiercely competitive, promotion-
driven environment, the rouble’s collapse in December made the
situation even more difficult in the latter part of the year. Nevertheless,
sales were almost stable in the fourth quarter, thanks to a rebound in

& GEOGRAPHICAL BREAKDOWN OF 2014 SALES

16%
NN France

Asia-Pacific
20%
Other Western
European countries
15%

Central Europe,
Russia and other countries,

10%

South America

12%
North America

demand for certain product categories and to two loyalty programs
set up with retailers. But the current general situation and the poor
outlook do not allow us at this point to extrapolate this performance
into 2015. The same is true for the net turnaround in our revenue and
market share in Ukraine at the close of the year. In Central Europe,
the Group achieved very satisfactory performance over the year and
enjoyed vigorous growth in the fourth quarter, particularly in Poland. In
Turkey, after two difficult years, the Group saw a return to a very robust
organic growth and considerably strengthened its market positions,
thanks in particular to significant advances in linen care and vacuum
cleaners. Lastly, the Group had a good year in the Middle East and
Egypt, despite a more challenging environment over the last months.

+ 2013-2014 SALES GROWTH

In € millions

4161

4,253

42.2%

Organic Currency Scope
growth effect effect.
bs) @ ®

2013 2014

1 1 4 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014


--- Page 8 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

4.3. COMMENTARY ON THE CONSOLIDATED

RESULTS

Income statement

Operating result from activity was down 10.3% compared with 2013
(€368 million), severely penalised by a €94 million negative currency
effect, about three times higher than in 2013. This impact stemmed
mainly from the depreciation of the rouble, yen, Brazilian real and
Turkish lira against the euro. Operating result from activity on a like-
for-like basis came to €462 million, up 12.6%, higher than the 7.2%
growth achieved in 2013.

The factors driving the like-for-like growth in operating result from
activity were:

& apositive volume effect of €60 million (versus +€66 million in 2013),
resulting from the strong organic growth in sales, particularly in
China, France, Eastern Europe and on the American continent;

@ a return to a positive price mix (+€13 million), due partly to
compensatory price increases in countries with a sharp currency
depreciation (Russia, Japan, Brazil, etc.) and partly to an improved
product mix driven by new product launches and upselling;

improved operating efficiency, which generated €28 million in
savings during the period. Driven by gains in productivity, steps to
simplify processes and savings in purchasing, this efficiency more
than offset industrial sub-production at certain plants in France in
relation to the situation in Russia;

@ a €26 million increase in growth drivers, including a more than 7%
like-for-like increase in spending on advertising and marketing;

higher selling and administrative costs, in the amount of €23 million,
reflecting the reinforcement of teams in the field, growth support
investments at Supor, scope effects and one-off costs related to
the new head office.

Operating profit came to €314 million, versus €364 million in 2013.
This decline largely reflects the drop in operating result from activity.
This was after discretionary and non-discretionary profit-sharing of
€33 million, down €4 million on 2013. Other operating income and
expenses resulted in a net expense of €21 million, including various
restructuring costs and provisions (industrial streamlining in Brazil,
cease of the weighing scale manufacturing at Rumilly in France, etc.).

Net financial expense continued to improve and amounted to
-€49 million, compared with -€55 million in 2013. Financial expenses
on debt were unchanged from last year at -€31 million and are the
result of a Group average rate of financing and average debt that were
generally stable over the period. Other financial expenses improved
and benefited from the non-recurrence of the €7.5 million provision for
the impairment of shares in the Indian company Maharaja Whiteline,
which had an adverse effect in 2013.

Net attributable profit to owners of the parent amounted to
€170 million, down 14.9% compared with 2014. This decline resulted
almost entirely from the decline in operating profit. Income tax expense
was lower at €71 million versus €87 million last year, representing an
effective tax rate of 26.9% (28.2% in 2013). Net attributable profit
to non-controlling interests was up €24 million (versus €22 million
in 2013), reflecting an excellent performance by Supor in China.

4

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014 - GROUPE SEB = 1 1 5


--- Page 9 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

Balance sheet

Consolidated equity stood at €1,724 million at 31 December 2014,
versus €1,532 million at 31 December 2013, including a contribution
from non-controlling interests of €174 million (€143 million at
31 December 2013). This change was primarily the result of the
following factors:

& positive currency translation adjustments of €70 million resulting
from the rise in the Chinese yuan versus the euro at the close of
the period;

§ the net total profit for the year, amounting to €194 million, less the
dividends paid in 2014 for 2013, i.e. €78 million.

Equity is reported net of treasury stock. At year-end 2014, the Group
held 1,291,242 own shares, versus 1,412,347 at year-end 2013. This
change arose from the sale of shares upon the exercise of purchase
options.

Net debt amounted to €453 million, versus €416 million at end-
December 2013. This change represented a solid cash generation
from operations (€175 million), an outflow of €78 million for dividends
and several extraordinary outflows (investment in the Group's new
headquarters, purchase of non-controlling interests in Asia Fan and

Maharaja Whiteline and the buyback of shares). Working capital
requirements, unchanged in value, improved slightly as a ratio,
representing 22.4% of sales at year-end, versus 22.7% one year
before.

The ratio of net debt-to-equity equalled 26%, versus 27% at year-end
2013, while the ratio of net debt-to-EBITDA stood at 1.00x versus
0.86x at year-end 2013. The Groupe SEB balance sheet remains
strong and relies on a solid and diversified financial structure. Further
information on the borrowing terms and the funding structure are
available in Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Capital expenditures totalled €124 million, near 2013 levels
(€127 million). In general, they were principally for tangible assets
(approximately 70%), with almost equivalent distribution between
moulds and tools for new products on the one hand and production
equipment (installation of new assembly lines, injection presses, etc.)
and/or the renovation of buildings on the other. The remaining 30%
covered mostly capitalised development costs and production-related
computer software linked to the production and to the development
of the Group's own retail brand outlets.

1 1 6 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014


--- Page 10 ---

CHANGE IN OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY

In € millions

415 410 368

2012 2013 2014

& BREAKDOWN OF OPERATING RESULT FROM ACTIVITY

In € millions

462
368

Commentary on the financial year
Commentary on the consolidated results

+ CASH FLOW AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

In € millions
460 460 429
2012 2013 2014

=—@— Copital expenditure

HE Cash fiow
+ NET DEBT AND DEBT RATIO

In € millions
556 416 453
2012 2013 2014

—O— Net debt-to-equity ratio

Net debt at 31/12

*

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014 - GROUPE SEB = 1 1 7


--- Page 11 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Outlook

4.4. OUTLOOK

2015 began in a similar context as the one which prevailed in 2014,
with an uncertain economic backdrop and potentially new significant
currency headwinds.

At this stage, the Group anticipates for 2015 continued buoyant
demand overall although likely to be uneven across the various
geographies. It intends to consolidate on its performance in Europe
and in North America, to maintain a robust momentum in China and to
return to growth in Japan. As regards Russia and Ukraine, the current
context leads us to be cautious.

The persistent weakness of a number of currencies, coupled with a
rise in the two key purchasing currencies (dollar and yuan) is likely
to lead to a further negative impact on operating result from activity.
Against this backdrop, the Group will continue to invest in innovation
and in-store marketing while stepping up its programme to improve
operational efficiency.

In this context, Groupe SEB aims to achieve in 2015 further sustained
organic revenue growth and to accelerate like-for-like growth in
operating result from activity versus that of 2014.

1 1 8 = GROUPE SEB - REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014


--- Page 12 ---

Commentary on the financial year
Activity and earnings of SEB S.A

4.5. ACTIVITY AND EARNINGS OF SEB S.A.

SEB S.A., the parent company of Groupe SEB, is a holding company
whose activities are largely confined to overseeing the manufacturing
and sales activities carried out by its subsidiaries.

As a result, SEB S.A.’s earnings only partly reflect the performance
of the Group and year-on-year changes in the Group's performance
are not visible at the level of the company’s results until the following
year, because its revenues consist essentially of dividends received
from subsidiaries.

The main items reflected in the company’s accounts are as follows:
m income:

m dividends received from subsidiaries: €147.2 million
(€158.4 million in 2013);

Significant events of the year

BERTRAND NEUSCHWANDER APPOINTED
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER AND A NEW
EMPLOYEE OF SEB S.A.

The Board of Directors, at the recommendation of its Chairman Thierry
de La Tour d’Artaise, appointed Bertrand Neuschwander as Chief
Operating Officer of Groupe SEB. With this appointment, the Group,
which has doubled in size in the last ten years, aimed to strengthen its
operational efficiency and accelerate its growth. Accordingly, Bertrand
Neuschwander became an employee of SEB S.A. during the period.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT 2014 - GROUPE SEB = 1 1 9

™ expense:

= fees for services provided by SEB Développement, a subsidiary
of SEB S.A., totalling €2.7 million (€2.8 million in 2013).

Since 1 January 2005, SEB Développement has taken over the
market prospecting, international sales promotion and development,
administrative, financial, research, innovation and industrial property
services previously supplied by the company to subsidiaries.

The company ended the year with a profit of €82.7 million for the
period (€153.1 million in 2013).

SYNDICATED CREDIT RENEWED EARLY

In keeping with its proactive financial management, last July SEB S.A.
renegotiated with its partner banks its €560 million syndicated line of
credit established in 2011 and expiring in February 2016.

Taking advantage of market conditions favourable to borrowers and
making use of the same seven-bank pool, the Group signed a new
syndicated facility of €560 million, the same amount, on 31 July 2014
for five years, with two options for one-year extensions, This financing
supports the €600 million commercial paper programme but can also
be used for other needs.
