MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

06

THE GROUP’S
PERFORMANCE
WAS VERY SOLID.
WE FURTHER
STRENGTHENED
OUR POSITIONS
IN THREE OF OUR

FOUR DIVISIONS
99

What kind of a year was
2014 for L’Oréal?

It can be summed up in two words:
“progress” and “transformation”. Progress
first of all, because the year was marked by
major launches and market share gains.
In a volatile economic context and a less
dynamic market, L'Oréal posted growth
across all its Divisions and geographic
zones. But 2014 was also a year of
profound transformation for L’Oréal, to
further strengthen the group and adapt
to a rapidly changing world.

Could you tell us more
about the group’s
performance in 2014?
The Active Cosmetics Division and L'Oréal
Luxe substantially outperformed their
markets in all regions. The Professional
Products Division grew faster than its
market. The Consumer Products Division
meanwhile saw a temporary slowdown

Jean-Paul AGON

CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

in its growth, mainly reflecting its weaker
performance in the United States, where
- after three years of increasing its market
share - it marked a pause.

In geographic terms, the Group
strengthened its positions in all parts of the
world, except North America. Our progress
was especially good in Western Europe,
a zone that is strategically important for
the group. Profitability there is strong, and
there are bright prospects for increasing
our market shares, which are already high
in this region.We also made progress in the
New Markets, our number one zone since
2012, where once again we increased our
market shares and recorded high growth.

And in terms of results?
2014 was once again a year of very solid
financial results. The Group significantly
raised its profitability, which reached
a record level at 17.3%. Its net profit
increased, as did net earnings per share
and the dividend proposed at the Annual
General Meeting, which is up by +8%.

Was 2014 an important
year of transformation?
Yes, L'Oréal has undergone substantial
strategic transformations this year to
reinforce our competitive advantage
in the beauty market. We have made
major strategic acquisitions that ideally
complement our unique portfolio of
brands. The integration of Decléor and
Carita means that our Professional
Products Division is moving into a new
market: professional skincare. The
acquisitions of Magic, Niely and NYX are
adding to the presence and potential of
the Consumer Products Division in markets
of great strategic importance: skincare
in China and Asia for Magic, hair colour
in Brazil and Latin America for Niely, and
make-up in America and the rest of the
world for NYX. Lastly, the acquisition of
Carol's Daughter will underpin our beauty
expertise in order to best serve multicultural
customers.

You have also stepped
up digital initiatives.

Is this another kind of
transformation?

It certainly is.2014 was an important year
for LU Oréal's digital transformation, with the
appointment of Lubomira Rochet as Chief
Digital Officer and amember of the Group's
Executive Committee.| am fully convinced
that digitalization will profoundly transform
the relationship between our brands
and consumers in a positive way. We
strongly believe that digitalisation is
a very important factor in the group's
success. What is more, our decentralized
organisation, entrepreneurial spirit, and
multi-brand and multi-channel approach

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
are ideally adapted to the digital world. It
hus represents a major opportunity and
we intend to be trailblazers and leaders in
he field of “digital beauty”.

In 2014, we made major advances across
all our Divisions and in strategic countries:
hese pages will give you a glimpse, and
you can find out more in our online Annual
Report.

Were there any

other strategic
transformations?

2014 was the first year in the roll-out o
our major corporate social responsibility
project: “Sharing Beauty With All’. Its
objective is to make L’Oréal into a mode
company that is exemplary in terms o
sustainable innovation, production and
consumption, and shared growth by
2020. This is a vital challenge, because
sustainable development is, and
increasingly will be, an essential driver
for the durable success of companies
in the 21% century. As you will see in our
Progress Report, we have already made
significant advances in a number of
fields, especially sustainable innovation
and production. For instance, at the end
of 2014 we achieved a 50% reduction
in CO, emissions from our factories and
distribution centres compared with 2005.
As for social issues, 2014 marked the roll-out
of the “L’'Oréal Share & Care” programme,
an unprecedented project aimed at
universalising optimum social protection
for all Group employees worldwide.
Moreover, several strategically important
internal transformations also took place
this year.

06

WE WANT TO
BE A LEADER
WITH THE SPIRIT
OF A CHALLENGER,
AND A LARGE
COMPANY WITH
THE SPIRIT OF
A START-UP

99

What are these internal
transformations

and what are

your objectives?

We have started a huge simplification
initiative. | am quite convinced that the
more complex the world becomes, the
more we need to simplify our approach,
so as to be fast, agile, responsive, and
capable of seizing up-and-coming trends
and taking advantage of all opportunities.
The aim of these transformations is to
adapt the group to a fast-changing world,
and to prepare it for future success.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

So this is the drivin,

force for 2015 an

the years to come?

Yes, but that's not all. We will keep on course
io conquer the beauty market, through
all our Divisions, driven by our brands in
all regions of the world. We are confiden
hat the worldwide cosmetics marke
will continue to grow, and we believe in
our ability to outperform the market in
ierms of organic growth. We will also take
advantage of the favourable impact o
he monetary environment. We will rely,
as always, on strong ethical principles
and on talented and committed L'Oréa
eams, which are totally dedicated to
continuing our great adventure: in other
words, pursuing our “Beauty for All” mission,
our Universalisation strategy and our goal
of attracting one billion new consumers.
Atthesametime, we will keep on inventing
the New L'Oréal of the 21%! century:
universal, digital and sustainable.

1.1.

1.2.

1.3.

1.3.1.
1.3.2.

1.4.

1.4.1.
1.4.2.

1.4.3.

1.5.

5.1,
5.2.

5.3.
5.4,

5.5,
5.6.

PRESENTATION
OF THE GROUP

MISSION 6

HISTORY 7

BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND
STRATEGIC ORIENTATIONS 7

The foundations of a winning strategy 7
An organisation that serves the Group’s
development 9

INTERNATIONALIZATION AND
THE COSMETICS MARKET 12

A historical presence in developed markets 12

Rapid development outside Western
Europe and North America 13

Immense development potential 13

RESEARCH & INNOVATION:
EXCELLENCE STEP-BY-STEP 16

Research, in the Group’s genes 16
The multi-hub organisation has shown

results 17
Revisiting active principles 17
Animal testing: balancing ethics and
innovation 18

A new research territory: the microbiome 18

Connected beauty entrusted to the
incubator 18

1.6.

1.6.1.
1.6.2.
1.6.3.

1.6.4.

1.7.

1.8.

8.1.
8.2.
8.3.
8.4.
8.5.
8.6.
8.7.
8.8.

OPERATIONS

A powerful ally of brands and markets
Three major fundamental responsibilities

A major contribution across the value
chain

Global economic performance at the
service of the brands and commercial
entities

INVESTMENT POLICY

RISK FACTORS

Business risks

Legal risks

ndustrial and environmental risks
Counterparty risk

Customer risk

Liquidity risk

Financial and market risks
nsurance

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014

19

19
19

23

24

25

25
28
29
30
30
30
31
32
1 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
MISSION

—_~—

1.1. MISSION
—_»—

Beauty for all

For more than a century, L’Oréal has devoted itself solely to one business: beauty. It is a
business rich in meaning, as it enables all individuals to express their personalities, gain
self-confidence and open up to others.

Beauty is a language

L'Oréal has set itself the mission of offering all women and men worldwide the best of
cosmetics innovation in terms of quality, efficacy and safety. It pursues this goal by meeting
the infinite diversity of beauty needs and desires all over the world.

Beauty is universal

Since its creation by a researcher, the Group has been pushing back the frontiers
of knowledge. Its unique Research arm enables it to continually explore new territories and
invent the products of the future, while drawing inspiration from beauty rituals the world over.

Beauty is a science

Providing access to products that enhance well-being, mobilising its innovative strength to
preserve the beauty of the planet and supporting local communities are exacting challenges,
which are a source of inspiration and creativity for L’Oréal.

Beauty is a commitment
By drawing on the diversity of its teams, and the richness and the complementarity of its brand

portfolio, L'Oréal has made the universalisation of beauty its project for the years to come.

L’Oréal, offering beauty for all

6 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L°OREAL 2014
1.2. HISTORY
—_»—

Creation of Société Frangaise de Teintures 1909
Inoffensives pour Cheveux by Eugéne Schueller

1929
Ambre solaire, the first sun protection oil 1935
with filtering 1954
Launch of Elnett hairlacquer 1957
1963
Acquisition of Lanc6me 1964
1965
Acquisition of Biotherm 1970
1973
The first model of a reconstructed epidermis 1979 ¢
from L'Oréal Research
1981
Acquisition of LaRoche-Posay 1989
1993
Acquisition of American agents Cosmair 1994
1996
Acquisition of Softsheen and Carson 1998
in the United States and in South Africa 2000 1
2000
L’'Oréal becomes the majority shareholder 2003 ¢
in Shu Uemura in Japan
2004
Acquisition of he Body Shop + 2006 rf
t 2007
Acquisition of YSLBeauté 2008
2009
Acquisition of Essie Cosmetics in the United States 2010
Acquisition of Urban Decay in the United States 2012 201
2013
Strategic Transaction agreed between L'Oréaland 2014 4
Nestlé. Acquisition of Magic Holdings in China, NYX
in the United States and Niely Cosmeticos“ in Brazil

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
HISTORY

Imédia, the first quick oxidation hair colour

Cosmair is named as L'Oréal’s agent in the United States
L’Oréal enters the Paris Stock Market

Acquisition of Laboratoires Garnier

Acquisition of Gemey, an open door
to the consumer make-up market

Creation of Laboratoires dermatologiques Galderma
Acquisition of Redken 5'" avenue in the United States
Acquisition of Maybelline in the United States

Acquisition of Matrix and Kiehl's since 1851
in the United States

Takeover of the Gesparal holding company

Creation of the L'Oréal Corporate Foundation
L’Oréal celebrates its centenary

Acquisition of Clarisonic

Acquisition by The Body Shop of 51%
of Emporio Body Store in Brazil

(1) Acquisition under completion

1.3. BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC ORIENTATIONS

—."-———
With an_ international portfolio of 32 diverse and
complementary brands, the Group is committed to

1.3.1. The foundations of a winning responding to all beauty aspirations worldwide. With a

strategy presence in alll distribution channels, L’Oréal generated sales

amounting to €22.53 billion in 2014 thanks to the efforts made

by its 78,611 employees worldwide.

1.3.1.1. ONLY ONE BUSINESS, BEAUTY

For over 105 years, L’Oréal has continually devoted itself to the 1.3.1.2. | ONE MISSION, BEAUTY FOR ALL

same business: beauty, in which it is the world’s leading
company. This is the Group’s raison d’étre because, far from
being futile and superficial, cosmetics are full of meaning. They
give everyone self-confidence, enable them to blossom and
open up to others and contribute to individual and collective
well-being.

Our mission: to offer women and men all over the world the
best of cosmetics in terms of quality, efficacy and safety, to
satisfy all their needs and their beauty desires in their infinite
diversity.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L?OREAL 2014
—_~—

1 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC ORIENTATIONS

1.3.1.3. COUNTING ON RESEARCH, INNOVATION
AND QUALITY: INVENTING THE FUTURE

OF BEAUTY

With 3,782 researchers and a budget representing 3.4% of its
sales, L’'Oréal has the largest Research and Innovation team in
the cosmetics industry. The Group is continuing to develop its
innovation capabilities through its research centres in France
and increases its research budget very regularly. L’Oréal
invests in all fields, from Advanced Research to formulation.
The cosmetics market is a supply-led market, driven by
innovation, where consumers are always looking for novel
products and improved performances. More than ever, it is the
products which are “new, different, better” which make for
success and lead to growth, which proves the validity of
L'Oréal’s business model based on the excellence of Research
and creative marketing.

Turning to innovation enables L'Oréal to always remain one
step ahead.

1.3.1.4. THE PORTFOLIO OF COSMETICS BRANDS:
OFFERING THE BEST OF BEAUTY IN EACH

DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL

The Group has the most varied, richest and most powerful
brand portfolio in the cosmetics industry. This abounding
portfolio enables it to meet the beauty expectations of
consumers all over the world.

The brands are reinvented all the time so that they always
match consumer demand perfectly.

In addition, new acquisitions regularly provide valuable
additions to this unique portfolio.

Some of these are brands with a global vocation, like the
recently acquired American Urban Decay make-up brand,
which makes a tremendous contribution to our L’Oréal Luxe
brands; NYX Cosmetics, an affordable, makeup artist-inspired
brand or Decléor and Carita, which expand growth potential
in Professional Products in the field of professional skincare.

Other acquisitions are aimed at extending the Group's
geographical coverage: in Colombia with the make-up brand
Vogue, in Kenya with Interbeauty, or in Brazil with Niely
Cosméticos” and Emporio Body Store, and in China with
Magic Holdings, the leading specialist in cosmetics facial
masks. These newly acquired companies are accelerating the
Group’s penetration of their markets in a spectacular manner
and contribute to boosting future organic growth.

1.3.1.5. ONE DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY,

UNIVERSALISATION

L’‘Oréal relies on its single strategy - Universalisation - meaning
globalisation that respects differences. This strategy aims at
offering beauty to meet the specific expectations of
consumers in every region of the world. Unlike standardisation,
it is based on a keen ability to listen to consumers and a
profound respect for their differences.

(1) Acquisition under completion

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

The Group’s research and marketing teams pay heed to alll
consumers from everywhere in the world. The laboratories on
all continents study their specificities. The Group's innovation
policy is based on accessibility and adaptation of products to
the beauty habits and rituals of all men and women in their
infinite diversity.

To make Universalisation a really powerful strategy, the global
market has been organised into eight homogeneous strategic
regions, even more attentive to consumers and closer to their
expectations. The Group's organisation is now resolutely
multicentric, with a strong “nerve centre” based in France.
Each major region of the world now has its own centre of
expertise which groups together the Research and marketing
activities. Research thus has 5 hubs all over the world, led by
the central teams and fuelled by the Group’s core expertise
and fundamental knowledge.

1.3.1.6. GIVING PRIORITY TO HUMAN RESOURCES
AND AN UNSWERVING CORPORATE

CULTURE

L'Oréal has always been guided by humanist values that have
caused it to place the individual and talent at the heart of its
organisation.

These strategic intangible assets are one of the Group’s main
competitive advantages in the long term, alongside the
brands, governance or Research.

The Group’s human and social project revolves around two
priorities: the first is individual performance development of
employees and future leaders and the second, social
performance.

In this field, L'Oréal has launched the global Share & Care
programme, with the objective of guaranteeing security,
protection and well-being for all the Group’s employees,
wherever they may be located in the world.

This programme aims at attracting and fostering the loyalty of
the best talents in all the countries of the world, as has been
the case in France for a number of years.

1.3.1.7. A STRATEGY OF CONSTANT, SUSTAINABLE,

SHARED GROWTH

Supported by loyal shareholders, vigilant governance and
stable management, L’Oréal has always targeted constant,
sustainable growth.

Since its very beginnings, the Group has been committed to
developing its presence in all regions of the world, by applying
the fundamental rules of a good corporate citizen in all
regions:

the products offered to consumers meet the highest quality
standards;

@ the Group’s commitments in social matters are the same in
all its subsidiaries;

@ all production centres comply with the same rules aimed at
reducing their environmental footprint. Social audits are
carried out at suppliers of factories and distribution centres;
¢ each subsidiary participates, as far as its resources allow, in
the large corporate philanthropy programmes of the
L'Oréal Foundation such as “For Women In Science”,
“Hairdressers against AIDS” and “Beauty for a Better Life”.

Above and beyond its solid longterm economic
performances, the Company seeks to be exemplary, and sets
itself demanding standards in order to limit its footprint on the
planet. In October 2013, L’'Oréal launched its new commitment
to sustainability by 2020: “Sharing beauty with all”. This
programme concerns all the Group’s impacts, and covers four
areas: innovating sustainably, producing — sustainably,
consuming sustainably and sharing growth. (Details of the
commitments under this programme are set out in chapter 6,
on pages 212 to 215).

1.3.1.8. A GROUP THAT CONSTANTLY ADAPTS

L’Oréal relies on great continuity in its strategy. But continuity
does not prevent renewal. L’Oréal transforms its business to
adapt to changes in the world in order to consolidate its
leadership and increase its chances of success in the future.
The challenge is twofold: it is necessary both to pursue the
strategy which has enabled L’Oréal to be successful over the
last hundred years and, at the same time, to invent the new
L'Oréal of the 218 century, perfectly matched and in tune with
a profoundly changing world.

1.3.2. An organisation that serves
the Group’s development
1.3.2.1. LOREAL S.A.

L'Oréal S.A. is a French company with its registered office in
France, which carries out a commercial business specific to
hat country. In parallel, L’'OréalS.A. acts as a holding
company and has a role firstly of strategic coordination and
secondly of scientific, industrial and marketing coordination of
he L’Oréal Group on a global basis. The subsidiaries develop
he Group's business activities in the country or region in which
hey are located. In this connection, they manufacture or have
produced and commercialise the products that they decide
© sell on their market.

Almost all the subsidiaries are owned by L’Oréal S.A., which
has a holding or control percentage equal to or close to 100%.

he detailed list of these subsidiaries is set out in the notes to
he consolidated and parent company financial statements
on pages 174 to 177 and pages 201 to 203.

1.3.2.2. COSMETICS DIVISIONS

The Cosmetics Divisions represented over 96% of consolidated
sales in 2014 and are organised into four operating Divisions
present in every zone and in every country, each
corresponding to a specific marketing channel. Each Division
fully intergrates all the opportunities arising from increased
digitalisation.

¢@ The Professional Products Division: Offering the best of
professional beauty.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC ORIENTATIONS

In all its historical categories (haircare, hair colours, styling and
shaping), the Division has built a unique brand portfolio: luxury
hair care (Kérastase, Shu Uemura Art of Hair), general
premium brands (L’Oréal Professionnel, Redken), an
affordable professional brand (Matrix), and a handful of
specialist brands.

In order to strengthen its brand leadership further, develop
markets, and accelerate the conquest of new professional hair
salons, the strategy is organised:

¢ by region: accelerating growth in the New Markets
(promotion of the profession through education,
development of a customised offering of both products
and services, leveraging complementary distribution
channels), revitalising growth in mature countries by
making the hair salon experience more engaging
(emotion concept, exclusive new professional services,
development of expert fashion assistance provided by
hairdressers);

¢ by category: enlarging its professional expertise to two
new segments (nail care and colour, Decléor and Carita
skincare): these new activities, which are _ highly
complementary to the profession of hairdresser, will
make it possible to enhance the authority of the Division
over the professional beauty business as a whole, in hair
salons and beauty institutes.

The Consumer Products Division: Innovations in cosmetics
that are affordable to alll.

The Consumer Products Division has built its development
around the deployment of its three main brands (L’Oréal Paris,
Garnier, Maybelline), accompanied by several specialist or
regional brands (Magic, Essie, Dark and Lovely, Nice & Lovely,
Vogue, LaScad brands: Dop, Narta, Mixa, etc.).

With the aim of accelerating its growth, the Consumer
Products Division rolls out its strategy in all countries:

¢ by region: defending and increasing its already strong
positions in Western Europe, pursuing the winning
momentum in North America, speeding up growth in the
New Markets;

e by category: accentuating its development and
leadership in hair care, skin care, make-up and hair
colours, to achieve the necessary critical mass
thresholds in every location where the Division is present,
and developing the growth driver categories (men’s
cosmetics, deodorants) to prepare for its future growth.

¢ L'Oréal Luxe: Creating exceptional experiences.

L’Oréal Luxe orchestrates in a large number of countries a
unique portfolio of 17 prestigious brands: emblematic general
brands, aspirational designer brands and alternative or
specialist brands. L’'Oréal Luxe’s strategy revolves around a
vision:

e by region: accelerating in Asia and in Travel Retail, the
leading growth drivers for L’Oréal Luxe, consolidation of
its leadership in Western Europe, strengthening of the
positions in the United States, and development of new
growth areas (Russia, Middle East);

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC ORIENTATIONS

* by category: developing to skincare with three
multiccategory brands and four specialist brands,
developing in make-up with, in particular, global
deployment of the recently acquired specialist Urban
Decay brand, and optimisation of growth in fragrances
by winning major positions in women’s perfumes and
consolidation of its leadership in the men’s category.

« The Active Cosmetics Division: Helping everyone in their
quest for skin's beauty and health.

With a portfolio of very complementary brands, strongly
anchored in science and working closely with healthcare
professionals all over the world, the Active Cosmetics Division is
the leader in dermocosmetics.

In a perfect position to respond to the growing demand for
advice, efficacy and safety from consumers, the Division
deploys its global brands: Vichy, La Roche-Posay, and
SkinCeuticals.

The Division implements its strategy by adapting its business
model to the realities and opportunities of the healthcare
channels in each of the major regions:

* pharmacies and chemists in Western Europe;
¢ drugstores in North America and in the New Markets;
e Personalised advice to customers on all markets.

The Group leadership of the Selective Divisions (L'Oréal Luxe,
Active Cosmetics, Professional Products, The Body Shop),
created in 2013, aims to accelerate the Group’s development
in all these distribution channels, by using its know-how in each
of its selective sales networks.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

Travel retail: the “travellers channel” is a booming channel
that conveys an image. Already the leader in this channel, the
Group decided to create the Group Travel Retail Division
Worldwide, including multi-division activities. This Division's
ambition is to continue to widen the gap, with a “global
shopper” strategy: a personalised, custom-tailored approach,
according to languages, cultures and beauty rituals, which
makes it possible to respond to the aspirations of this new
generation of travellers.

The Body Shop

Founded in 1976 in Great Britain by Dame Anita Roddick, The
Body Shop Branch represents nearly 4% of consolidated sales
in 2014. The mission of this strongly committed brand is to have
a positive impact on the life of men and women of all origins.
A growing number of consumers, in all countries, are looking
for products that combine efficacy with the natural inspiration,
proposed by brands with an ethical business model. The Body
Shop’s deployment strategy combines:

@ pioneering, innovative products based on the highest
quality natural ingredients;

@ atone of communication with a strong personality;
# a personalised purchasing experience in stores or online.

On the New Markets where the Brand has a_ particular
resonance, the launch of The Body Shop through the
acquisition of Emporio Body Store in Brazil is a tremendous
opportunity for development in a market in tune with its vision
of beauty, its sensorial products and its values.

See segment information on page 133.
/ THE GROUP’S SIMPLIFIED ORGANISATION CHART

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC ORIENTATIONS

LOREAL

L'Oréal
Luxe

Active
Cosmetics

Professionnal
Products

UOREAL LANCOME VICHY
Ké pans GIORGIO ARMANI
ERASTASE Kohli
PARIS Muahes LAROCHE-POSAY
REDKEN JESGANIAURENT ENS
_ SKINCEUTICALS
MATRIX BIOTHERM
TAL as iD)
CARITA DECLEOR RAL FH LAUREN 4
: M, c

clarisonic
shu uemura
VIKTOR@ROLF
DIESEL
cacharel

ER

YUE-SAI
2]

Almost all subsidiaries are directly held by L’Oréal parent
company with a holding or control percentage equal to or
close to 100%. The detailed list of these subsidiaries is set
out in the notes to the consolidated and parent company
financial statements on pages 174 ef seq. and pages 201
et seq.

NB: On July 8", 2014, L’Oréal sold all its holdings in the
companies of the Galderma group to Nestlé.

1.3.2.3. SUPPORT DIVISIONS

Several specialist Divisions provide their expertise and support to
the operational Branches and Divisions and to the other
business activities:

@ the Research and Innovation Division,
fundamental and applied research;

in charge of

@ the Digital Division, which has the mission of accelerating
the Group's digital transformation by helping the brands to
create new territories for expression and the teams to build
more interactive, more personalised, closer relationships
with consumers, while taking advantage of the business
development opportunities offered by Digital as a
distribution channel:

@ the Operations Division, in charge of coordination of
production and the supply chain:

@ the Human Resources Division, in charge of recruitment,
training and talent development policies and co-ordination
of social policy;

Consumer
Products

LOREAL

PARIS

GARNICR

The Body

Research
& Innovation

MAYBELLINE

ew YORE]

Digital

Human
Resources
RPGR Admin
vee vane & Finance
essie
KI’ Operations

Comm,
Sustainability
& Public Affairs

@ the Administration and Finance Division, in charge of the
Group’s financial policy, controlling and consolidation,
information systems and legal and tax co-ordination, as
well as financial communications and relations with
shareholders and investors and strategic prospective;

@ the Communication, Sustainability and Public Affairs
Division, in charge of co-ordination of corporate
communication, co-ordination of communication by the
Divisions and brands and Sustainable Development.

1.3.2.4. GEOGRAPHIC ZONES

The Group's international development has naturally meant that
L’'Oréal has had to adapt its organisation to the need to
co-ordinate the establishment and development of its brands
on every continent.

Thus, various geographical zones have been created, each
with operational responsibility for the subsidiaries in the
countries of its region:

« Western Europe Zone;
«@ Americas Zone;

« Asia, Pacific Zone;
Eastern Europe Zone;

@ Africa, Middle East Zone.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

1 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

1.3.2.5. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Members of L’Oréal’s Executive Committee
First name/Last name
Jean-Paul Agon

Laurent Attal
Nicolas Hieronimus

Barbara Lavernos
Brigitte Liberman
Marc Menesguen
Christian Mulliez
Alexis Perakis-Valat
Alexandre Popoff
Sara Ravella
Lubomira Rochet
Frédéric Rozé
Geoff Skingsley
Jéréme Tixier

An Verhulst-Santos

Jochen Zaumseil

1.4.
—

1.4.1. A historical presence

in developed markets
L'Oréal is present in 130 countries in all 5 continents. Founded
in France in 1909, the Group developed rapidly in Western

Europe. In 2014, it made 35.1% of its cosmetics sales in this
territory in which the Group is long established.

In the first half of the 20" century, L'Oréal gained a foothold in
North America. Initially, the Group entrusted distribution

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

INTERNATIONALIZATION AND THE COSMETICS MARKET

Position

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Vice-President

Research and Innovation

President — Selective Divisions
Executive Vice-President

Operations
President

Active Cosmetics Division

President

Consumer Products Division

Executive Vice-Presiden
Chief Financial Officer
Executive Vice-Presiden

Asia-Pacific Zone

Executive Vice-Presiden

Eastern Europe Zone

Executive Vice-Presiden

Communications, Sustainability and Public Affairs

Chief Digital Officer

Executive Vice-Presiden

Americas Zone

Executive Vice-Presiden
Africa, Middle East Zone
Executive Vice-Presiden

Human Relations and Advisor to the Chairman

President

Professional Products Division

Executive Vice-Presiden

Western Europe Zone

INTERNATIONALIZATION AND THE COSMETICS MARKET

companies with commercializing its products, these
companies being united in 1953 around an exclusive agent,
Cosmair. Following the Company's takeover in 1994, it ensured
the Group's development on the North American continent
with the status of subsidiary. The acquisition of brands like
Maybelline (1996), Matrix and Kiehl's (2000), or more recently
Clarisonic (2011) Urban Decay (2012) and NYX (2014) have
firmly anchored the Group in North America. In 2014, its sales
on that continent increase d by 1.1% like-for-like to reach 24.9%
of world cosmetic sales.
1.4.2. Rapid development outside
Western Europe and North
America

Beginning in the 1970s, the Latin America Zone developed with
a multi-divisional organisation that the Group has applied in
he other major regions of the world.

Present in Japan for nearly 50 years, L’'Oréal has developed its
presence in that country by choosing the brands to be given
priority for this extremely specific market: Kérastase in hair
salons, Lancéme in Luxury products and Maybelline and
L’Oréal Paris in mass-market products.

he 1990s witnessed the opening up of New Markets with the
all of the Berlin wall which gave the brands access to the
markets in Eastern European countries.

L'Oréal was among the first foreign groups to obtain an
authorisation from the Indian government in 1994 for the
creation of a wholly-owned subsidiary with its registered office
in Mumbai.

In 1997, the Group created a large multi-divisional zone in Asia
and opened new subsidiaries, particularly in China where
L’'Oréal holds 100% of the capital of its entity.

The Africa and Middle East zone, where the Group had a weak
presence, is a new frontier for development in the New
Markets: the number of subsidiaries in that region has
increased from 7 to 12 over the last six years.

The mid 2000s were the turning point: the strong acceleration
of the development of the New Markets has led to a shift of the
point of gravity in the economic world.

In all, the percentage of cosmetics sales generated by the
Group in the New Markets was 15.5% in 1995, 27.1% in 2006

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
INTERNATIONALIZATION AND THE COSMETICS MARKET

and 39.6% in 2014. The weight of the New Markets in the
Group's sales has increased by nearly 60% between 2005 and
2014. This progression is expected to continue.

The Group's business footprint is well-oalanced across the
main markets in the world.

In September 2013, the Group has presented the Sharing
Beauty with All program and had detailed its commitments for
2020 to redure its environmental impact while confirming its
growth ambitions. A thorough presentation of these
commitments appears in chapter 6 pages 212 to 215.

1.4.3.

Immense development
potential

Besides the major countries known as the BRIMC countries
(Brazil, Russia, India, Mexico and China), L'Oréal has notably
identified among its “growth markets” the following countries:
Poland, Ukraine, Turkey, Argentina, Colombia, Indonesia,
Thailand, Philippines, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan,
Kazakhstan, South Africa and Nigeria.

In some of these countries, the consumption of cosmetics
products per inhabitant is 10 to 20 times lower than in mature
countries. Several tens of millions of inhabitants have access
every year throughout the world to levels of revenues which
make them part of the “middle classes” and allow them to
consume modern cosmetics products.

The marketing teams, in particular in large countries, pay heed
to these new consumers. The laboratories on all continents
study their specificities. The Group’s innovation policy is based
on the accessibility and adaptation of products to the beauty
habits and rituals of all men and women in their infinite
diversity. These form the basis for the universalisation of beauty.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

Bi NORTH AMERICA |

24.9%

+ 1.1%

Sales growth in 2014’)

+ 2.8%

Market growth in 2014)

SALES
€5,389.4M

OPERATING PROFIT ©
18.7% (% of sales)

2 a)
a

Pate

LATIN AMERICA

8.6%

OF GROUP COSMETICS
SALES

+ 10.0%

Sales growth in 2014!)

+ 10.0%
Market growth in 2014

SALES
€1,853.7 M

(1) Like-forlike

INTERNATIONALIZATION AND THE COSMETICS MARKET

OF GROUP COSMETICS SALES

AFRICA, MIDDLE EAST

2.6%
OF GROUP COSMETICS
SALES

+ 13.5%
Sales growth in 2014!)

+ 7.0%
Market growth in 2014 ©

WESTERN EUROPE

35.5%
OF GROUP COSMETICS SALES
+ 2.4%

Sales growth in 2014")

+ 0.3%

Market growth in 2014

SALES
€7,697.7 M

OPERATING PROFIT ©
22.7% (% of sales)

‘ie

NSE ay

- yt

7.3% 21.1%

GROUP COSMETICS SALES GROUP COSMETICS SALES
+ 6.0% + 5.3%

Sales growth in 2014" Sales growth in 2014"

+ 3.1% +4.1%

Market growth in 2014?) Market growth in 2014 ©)

SALES SALES

SALES €1,585.4 M €4,563.6 M
€568.4 M

NEW MARKETS

39.6% OF GROUP COSMETICS SALES

+ 6.9% Sales growth in 2014

+ 5.3% Market growth in 2014”

€8,571.1M Sales

19.6% Operating profit (% of sales)?

(2) Source: L’Oréal estimates of worldwide cosmetics market based on net manufacturing prices excluding soap, toothpaste, razors and blades.

Excluding currency fluctuations

(3) Operating profit before «non-allocatea». See chapter 3, page 109.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L°OREAL 2014
/ WORLDWIDE COSMETICS MARKET FROM 2005 TO 2014

(Annual growth rate as %)

+5.0%
+4.9%

+4.6% +4.6%
+4.2%
+3.8% +3.8%
+3.6%
+2.9%
,

2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

/ BREAKDOWN OF THE WORLD COSMETICS MARKET IN 2014 “

(As!%)

BY GEOGRAPHIC ZONE

@ 34.7% Asia-Pacific
2.8% Africa, Middle East
7.3% Eastern Europe
@ 21.8% Western Europe
20.9% North America
@ 12.5% Latin America

For the second year running, in 2014, the dermocosmetics
market was the most dynamic with growth of +5.1%. The
market was buoyant on all continents, even in Western Europe
with growth of nearly +3%. With growth of +5.2%, the selective
market continued to grow at a steady pace in 2014; bolstered
by Asia, the United States and e-commerce, it contributes 29%

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
INTERNATIONALIZATION AND THE COSMETICS MARKET

The worldwide cosmetics market represents approximately
€181 billion, and grew by an estimated +3.6% “ in 2014. It is a
particularly robust market, which is steadily expanding, while
proving very resilient when economic conditions are at their
most difficult. The cosmetics consumer's behaviour has not
changed since the crisis. There has been no devaluation,
banalisation or massification of the market. On the contrary,
consumers’ aspirations for quality are higher than ever, and
they are always eager for technology and new ideas. The
cosmetics market remains a supply-led market, driven by
innovation, where consumers are always looking for quality,
performance and perceived results.

BY PRODUCT CATEGORY

@ 35.3% Skincare

23.3% Haircare

10.8% Toiletries, deodorants
@ 16.6% Make-up

12.8% Perfumes

ep @ 1.2% Oral cosmetics

of global growth . With growth of +3.5%, mass market sales
tailed off particularly due to mature countries and Asia.

From a geographic viewpoint, the New Markets continue to
attain increasing levels of growth: excluding Japan, they
represent 80% of worldwide market growth this year “ , due in
half to Asia-Pacific

(1) Source: L’Oréal estimates of the worldwide cosmetics market based on net manufacturer prices excluding soap, toothpaste, razors and blades.

Excluding currency fluctuations.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

1 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP

RESEARCH & INNOVATION: EXCELLENCE STEP-BY-STEP

/ MAIN WORLDWIDE PLAYERS “
(2013 Sales in billions of US$)

30.52
21.33 20.50
10.39
777
Procter Est e
LOral Unilever & Gamble Lauder Shiseido

(1) Source: Beauty's top 100 WWD, August 2014, in data for 2013.

Competitive positions and market share held by the Group's Divisions and brands mentioned in this report are based on studies,
panels and polls obtained from specialised organisations and companies, or, in the absence of comprehensive studies, are the
result of estimates made by L’Oréal on the basis of available statistical data.

1.5.

—»——
1.5.1.

Over a century ago, a scientist called Eugéne Schueller
founded L’Oréal by launching a major innovation: a harmless
hair dye. Research thus became one of the components of
the Group’s DNA, and very quickly one of the keys to its
success. To invent beauty and accommodate the aspirations
of millions of men and women, L’Oréal is continuing to push
back the boundaries of science. This commitment to
innovation remains unwavering: offering everyone, everywhere
in the world, the best of cosmetics in terms of quality, efficacy
and safety. The work conducted and the ingredients used
respect consumers, the environment and biodiversity.

Research, in the Group’s genes

To win over a billion new consumers, the Group constantly
increases its investments, with a budget of €761 million in 2014,
up by 1.6% as compared to the previous year.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

RESEARCH & INNOVATION: EXCELLENCE STEP-BY-STEP

THE SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD IS CONTINUING ITS
WORK WITH REGARD TO SENIORS

Created in 2013 to explore the future boundaries of beauty,
and chaired by the Global Scientific Director, the Scientific
Advisory Board, which brings together nine prominent external
experts with diverse research backgrounds, devoted _ its
reflections in 2014 to beauty for seniors (aged 65 and older),
this rapidly growing silver generation with a wide array of
aspirations.

Its recommendations to conduct several fundamental studies
to better understand skin and hair ageing provide added
confirmation for certain actions already in progress, and
encourage further initiatives. The Board’s experts are
convinced that relatively unexplored territories like those of the
microbiome or of intelligent materials bear the promise of
fruitful cosmetic innovations for the future.
1.5.2. The multi-hub organisation has
shown results

The implementation of an international organisation, with its six
hubs, is beginning to show its results. Due to their close
proximity with consumers, the hubs innovate with genuine
local relevance and nourish the flow of innovations.

=a
oy

Ga
3 Global centres (France)
5 Regional hubs
© 18 Research centres
= 16 Evaluation centres

LOCAL RESEARCH AND ADAPTATION OF PRODUCTS

© adapt to consumers all over the world, L’'Oréal’s Research
eams are present in all geographic zones through its
18 cosmetics research centres and 16 evaluation centres. The
R&l teams draw on the local ecosystem: consumers,
universities, suppliers. The research centres are grouped
ogether in 3 global centres in France (Advanced Research,
Hair métiers and Cosmetic métiers) and 5 regional hubs: in the

Research and Innovation budget Research and Innovation budget
(€ millon) (€ million)

2012 680 2012

2013 748 2013

2014 761 2014

1.5.3. Revisiting active principles

L'Oréal’s Advanced Research Department was set up in 1963
to extend the knowledge of skin and hair in order to think up
new concepts which will lead to the synthesis of new
molecules. The Group thereafter multiplied the number of
patent filings (501 in 2014) and developed a large number of
active principles, the main ones being at the source of the
Group's flagship products.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RESEARCH & INNOVATION: EXCELLENCE STEP-BY-STEP

In order to succeed in the changeover from a_ highly
centralised system to one of a matrix, multithub organisation,
the roles and responsibilities in each of the main functions
have been clarified. The international dimension is reinforced
through global management of the project portfolio.

«¢

»
1

United States, China, Japan, Brazil and India. These regional
hubs identify consumer needs and cosmetic practices. The
richness of their scientific ecosystem promotes cooperation
and partnerships for excellence. The data collected then
enables the researchers to develop new products that are
perfectly in tune with local expectations and aspirations. The
innovations developed are also shared in a coordinated
manner to promote the fluidity of exchanges.

Number of patents

3,416 2012 551
3,590 2013 564
3,782 2014 501

Among these major molecules, it is possible to cite lonéne G
(1978) which respects the integrity of the hair in hair colours;
Mexoryl SX (1993) and Mexoryl XL (1995) sun filters which
protect against UVA and UVB rays; Pro-Xylane (2006) to treat
deep wrinkles and LR2412 (2011) which reduces wrinkles while
giving a more even skin tone; Stemoxydine (2012) which
favours follicular regrowth or finally, Filloxane (2013), which
revitalises fine, limp hair.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RESEARCH & INNOVATION: EXCELLENCE STEP-BY-STEP

THE ART OF MAXIMISING

As progress is made in science, the research teams are
accustomed to revisiting the properties and interactions of
captive molecules, and studying the synergy effects that could
enable them to make the most of their knowledge of hair and
skin.

In hair care, they combined four molecules which had already
proven themselves separately to take care of damaged,
weakened hair in one and the same range, SERIOXYL by
L'Oréal Professionnel. Each of them targets a specific problem:
fragility, thinning, lack of density and vigour. Céramide R
repairs hair fibre, SP94 favours cuticle cohesion and improves
the anchoring of hair in the scalp, while Stemoxydine
contributes to renewal of the hair follicle and Intracylane really
fortifies hair.

1.5.4.

Animal testing: balancing
ethics and innovation

To respond to the essential requirements of harmlessness of
their innovations, the Research team embarked in the 1980s
on developing alternative methods to animal testing for the
evaluation of the safety of its products and active principles.
Major progress has been made thanks to tissue engineering:
reconstructing the first human epidermis in 1979 and then the
first complete skin (epidermis and dermis) in 1996.

Twelve reconstructed skin and corneal tissue models have
been developed to date. These models are fabulous tools to
predict the safety and efficacy of products and make it
possible to reduce the time-to-market. Thanks to these models,
L’'Oréal was able to stop testing finished products on animals
in 1989 and develop predictive evaluation strategies to satisfy
the European regulations which prohibit the offering for sale of
products containing any ingredient that has been tested on
animals after March 11", 2013. This law has not had any
impact on the innovation efforts made by the Group, which
has no longer conducted animal testing anywhere in the
world since March 2013 and which does not delegate this
responsibility to anyone.

EPISKIN IN CHINA

In four decades of international scientific cooperation, the
Group has built genuine expertise in this area. This ethical
commitment led to validation of several alternative methods
before it shifted into the era of predictive evaluation. This led to
the creation of a subsidiary, Episkin, which produces and sells
validated skin models in Lyon. Its engagement became
international, following the changes in the legislation and
regulations in Brazil, India, China, and so on. It is with this
objective in mind that production of restructured Asian skin in
China started in 2008; the marketing of these skins by the
recently formed company, Shanghai Episkin Biotechnology
Co. Ltd can now be envisaged.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

VALIDATIONS IN PROCESS

L'Oréal is participating in the validation of several alternative
methods. In Europe, for ocular sensitisation and irritation and
in Japan, for ocular corrosivity and irritation. In China, in
partnership with the authorities, L’'Oréal is participating in
pre-validation of an alternative method for skin irritation using
a Chinese Episkin model.

1.5.5. Anew research territory: the
microbiome

Each square centimetre of skin is normally colonised
by millions of microorganisms which form the skin microflora. It
educates the immunity system and protects the body against
the invasion of more dangerous organisms: responsible both
for skin health and beauty, there are over 500 different
specifies of microflora.

Thanks to the progress made in the recent genomics
technologies, several research teams are now seeking to
characterise the skin microbiome, i.e. to identify all the
genomes of these micro-organisms colonising a precise area
of the skin. This knowledge is essential to understanding both
how to preserve the natural ecosystem of the skin and also
how the disturbance of this balance can lead to skin disorders
or infections.

In collaboration with certain of these teams, L'’Oréal’s
researchers have obtained their first results with regard to
mapping of the microbiome of skins affected by atopic
dermatitis, characterised by a loss of diversity of the
microbiome. They have shown that treatment with Lipikar
Baume AP by La Roche-Posay makes it possible to restore a
good balance. The knowledge coniributed by this study opens
up new perspectives in the diagnosis and treatment of this skin
disease and in the development of new treatments.

1.5.6.

Connected beauty entrusted
to the incubator

The digital revolution is profoundly changing beauty product
consumption. This is why L’'Oréal R&!l decided, at the end of
2012, to create a Connected Beauty Incubator in the United
States within a short distance of the campus of the University of
California in San Francisco: this consists of a cross-functional
team of researchers tasked with looking beyond what exists to
imagine the future of beauty. They work in collaborative mode
and integrate the development of science and technology,
the power of data and new consumption patterns. Their
mission is to increase collaboration with centres of excellence
in biology, biophysics or biotechnology.

Its first innovation: Makeup Genius an application for tablets
and smartphones at L’Oréal Paris, the first stage of a dream
enabling women to test make-up virtually, with perfect colour
rendering, as if it had been applied by a professional makeup
artist, then buy the corresponding products.
1.6. OPERATIONS
—_ »~—

1.6.1. A powerful ally of brands and

markets

The Operations Division develops, produces on an industrial
scale and distributes the products, permanently adapting to
each brand and market specificity. Operations thus guarantee
commercial entities the highest performing, the most
responsible and the most suitable solutions.

This Division consists of seven areas of expertise: purchasing,
packaging, production, quality, supply chain, environment,
health and safety, and real estate. Three support functions
complete the Division’s resources: Information Systems,
Finance and Human Resources.

1.6.2.

Three major fundamental
responsibilities

The Operations Division has three major formal responsibilities
for L'Oréal throughout the world.

1.6.2.1. PROTECTION OF HUMAN RESOURCES

AND ASSETS

The Operations Division guarantees the right for each L’Oréal
employee to work in a safe environment.

The Group has the obligation to guarantee the best conditions
in terms of health and safety at work for all its employees.
Exhaustive programmes have been implemented to reduce
the risks and ensure ongoing improvement.

A managerial safety culture, the setting-up of a safety system
and the monitoring of procedures through audits have been
deployed for several years on all the Group's sites:
administrative sites, Research & Innovation centres, factories
and distribution centres. It defines high standards and involves
the staff at all levels.

Through the powerfulness of its systems and the ongoing
improvements in its results, the Group is today one of the most
high-performing companies in the world in the area of safety.

1.6.2.2. PROTECTION OF QUALITY

The excellence of quality management across the value chain
(design and development, production, distribution) — is
world-famous and enables the L’Oréal brands to affirm the
supremacy of their products and to strengthen the bond with
consumers. This demanding quality system mainly aims to
guarantee the integrity of products with the same stringent
requirements all over the world, while complying with local
regulations.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
OPERATIONS

1.6.2.3. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

Operations make a major contribution to the L’'Oréal Group's
strategic sustainability programme: “Sharing Beauty with All’,
in 3 areas in particular: “Innovating sustainably”, “Producing
sustainably” and “Sharing growth’.

The environmental engagement by Operations, with significant
progress in reducing CO2, water consumption, waste
discharges and implementation of the CSR Index for new
products developed, make 2014 and 2015 pivotal years which
will enable L’Oréal to attain an exemplary level.

1.6.3. A major contribution across
the value chain
1.6.3.1. PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT

Contributing to innovation

Operations play a major role in helping the brands to
differentiate their products for consumers.

In terms of product innovation, the responsibility of the
Operations Division is mainly exercised in the areas of
packaging and development, functional design, design to
cost and processes. In 2014, L’Oréal filed 94 patents for
packaging and processes.

In order to speed up the innovation process, the Purchasing
Department created an internal trade fair dedicated to
innovation, called Cherrypack, in 2010. The third edition of this
fair was held in November 2013, enabling ten strategic
suppliers “ from Asia, Europe and the Americas, to unveil their
latest innovations with regard to finished product packaging
and Point-of-Sale (POS) advertising exclusively to all the
Group's brands and to the Research & Innovation teams. This
event demonstrates L’Oréal's intention to reinforce its links with
its suppliers by gambling on collaborative intelligence. It was
organised in the presence of Jean-Paul Agon and Executive
Committee members and was attended by around 800
employees who were thus able to discover these innovations.

Long-term partnerships with suppliers

L’Oréal’s success can also be accounted for by the Group’s
exacting standards in the choice of its suppliers and the
longstanding relationships that it sets up with them.

2014 was marked by an acceleration of the process to obtain
a 360° view of supplier performance. L’Oréal’s strategic
suppliers “ are thus regularly assessed using a scorecard
consisting of 5 areas of performance of equal importance:
innovation, quality, competitiveness, the supply chain and
CSR & Sustainability. Each of these areas is broken down into a
series of precise indicators which have been formally laid
down in order to make it easier to rate them and give
guidance.

(1) Strategic suppliers are those who bring significant value added to the Group by contributing, through their weight, their innovations, their strategic
alignment and their geographic deployment, to accompanying L’Oréal's strategy on a durable basis.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
OPERATIONS

Durable links with suppliers also require the development of
local sourcing in strong growth zones. Since 2010, the Group
has implemented the wall-to-wall programme, which consists
in setting up a production unit for packaging operated by a
supplier within the plant itself. This partnership develops
responsiveness and _ industrial flexibility, while reducing the
transportation of packaging items and the generation of
waste related to their packaging. It is aimed at plants with
highly specialised technologies that produce very large
volumes and have ongoing needs for external resources, such
as the Rambouillet factory in France, the Settimo Torinese
factory in Italy or the SGo Paulo factory in Brazil which source
their plastic bottles in this manner.

Strong commitments in the field of corporate
social responsibility

The Operations Division plays a crucial role in the field of
corporate social responsibility and is a big contributor to the
“sharing Beauty with All” programme. L’Oréal incites its
suppliers to be more socially responsible and ensures rigorous
monitoring of their commitments through a large number of
social audits carried out throughout the world; 6,129 social
audits have been carried out since 2006. The objective is to
provide them with support in improving their safety standards
and in their environmental and social performances (see
chapter 6, section 6.4.4, page 250)

Furthermore, by creating the Solidarity Sourcing programme in
2010, a highly original programme that is unique on the
market, the Group took the initiative of using the Purchasing
function as a driver for social inclusion. This programme

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

consists in making some of its purchases from local suppliers
who make commitments in favour of minorities, disabled
workers or workers from underprivileged communities. It may
also involve very small suppliers or fair trade players that
L'Oréal calls on to contribute through its suppliers. In 2014, the
Solidarity Sourcing programme provided access to
employment for over 27,000 people in a vulnerable situation all
over the world, as compared to 22,000 in 2013. Based on the
“cascading” concept, L’'Oréal wants to enlarge this approach
to include the suppliers of its suppliers. This programme was
Officially launched in 2012 for the L’Oréal Group’s suppliers in
order to incite them, in turn, to develop this same approach
with their own suppliers.

1.6.3.2 PRODUCTION

Regionalised production

L'Oréal's 43 factories are located in order to supply all the
countries in which the Group is present. The strong growth of
products in the Consumer Products Division, particularly in the
New Markets, accounts for the number and geographical
breakdown of this Division’s factories. Furthermore, in order to
support the drive to win over another billion consumers in the
New Markets, the Group opened its new production site in
Egypt in 2013 and integrated two new industrial entities
following acquisitions: Vogue in Colombia and Interbeauty in
Kenya. In 2014, four new factories were added to this industrial
network: two factories in China, with the acquisition of Magic
Holdings, one in France with the acquisition of Decléor and
Carita and one in India.

43 industrial sites worldwide

re

Z —
—~

A
e!

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
OPERATIONS,

O Active Cosmetics: A’ Consumer Products:
2 factories 30 factories
Professional Products: ® Raw Materials:
2 factories 3 factories
@ LOral Luxe: A Devices:
5 factories 1 factory

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L?OREAL 2014. 21
1 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
OPERATIONS

—_—

NORTH AMERICA

LATIN AMERICA

“en

- ~h.

oe

Active Cosmetics:
2 factories

Professional Products:
2 factories

L’Or al Luxe :

5 factories

Consumer Products:
30 factories

Raw Materials:

3 factories

Devices:

1 factory

> ¢ Pp eH Oo

22 REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L°OREAL 2014
Factory specialisation

Factories are generally dedicated to the production of one
Operational Division, specialise in particular major industrial
technologies and are located close to the markets that they
serve. The rotation of brands on the packaging lines is
furthermore assisted by the increased standardisation of
industrial processes. This industrial model helps to improve
performances year on year in terms of output, quality and
control over safety.

Cost and quality management

L'Oréal has set itself the target of continually improving
production costs. In 2014, particular emphasis was placed on
the management and reduction of raw material losses in the
plants. In addition to economic savings, this reduction
contributes to the sustainability commitments made by our
industrial facilities.

After the Best Practices award from the AFQP (Association
France Qualité Performance) obtained by L’Oréal in 2013, the
Rambouillet factory won the Trophy for industrial excellence (a
competition organised by the Usine Nouvelle magazine in
partnership with INSEAD, a leading graduate business school)
in 2014.

In 2014, the set-up of the System of Operational Excellence was
stepped up in all the factories. This continuous improvement
process, based on the close involvement of employees, was
pursued in a number of areas such as safety, environmental
impact, ergonomics and production quality and capacity at
the industrial sites, while improving costs.

Environmental protection at the heart
of production

In the field of sustainable production, the Group’s
environmental policy is aimed both at rolling out the best
practices with regard to energy efficiency, efficient resource
consumption and waste reduction and the best possible
waste treatment and at implementing breakthrough projects
in an ongoing quest for operational performance combined
with environmental performance.

hrough the “Commitments for 2020” made with the Sharing

Beauty with All programme, the Group carries on with the
approach initiated in 2009 aimed at reducing the
environmental footprint of its factories and distribution centres.
he pledge to reduce by 50% its CO2 emissions in absolute
erms (both direct and indirect), water consumption and
waste generation per finished product (FP) by 2015 from a
2005 baseline, has now become a pledge to reduce them by
60% by 2020 from a 2005 baseline (see chapter 6).
Furthermore, the environmental impacts related to packaging
and transportation are also taken into consideration.

nitiatives to choose the alternative energy sources that are
most suited to the local ecosystem are being introduced at all
of the Group's sites: geothermal energy in Vichy (France),
photovoltaic panels in Mexico, biomethanation in Belgium,
phytorestoration in Mourenx (France), a new biomass facility in

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
OPERATIONS

Burgos in 2014, to name a few. In 2014, L’Oréal obtained from
the Carbon Disclosure Project very high scores of A for
performance and 98 for transparency (its score was A 93 in
2013) and received a prize for the Best performer in Climate
Change Leadership. Details of these scores are set out in
chapter 6, p. 243)

1.6.3.3. DISTRIBUTION

L'Oréal’s supply chain covers all information flows and
“end-to-end” physical flows: from the supplier to the point of
sale. It ensures that the right product is delivered at the right
time in accordance with the requests made by distributor
customers while controlling costs. In 2014, L’Oréal’s supply
chain achieved a record level in its rate of service in the world.

The supply chain is continuing to modernise to respond to the
complexity of the cosmetics market. Distribution is now
multichannel: in addition to the traditional channels -
selective, mass market, pharmacies and hair salons -use is
now made of e-commerce and a multitude of points of sale
extending over the New Markets.

For five years, the L'Oréal Group has invested significantly in
revamping the information systems of its supply chain in order
to synchronise all the stages of the supply chain and adjust
production to fit as closely as possible with market needs. After
Western and Eastern Europe for the Consumer Products
Division, the deployment of these solutions all over the world
continued in 2014 in Asia, Pacific and also in Latin America
where the first pilot projects were launched. In 2015, the
deployment of these solutions will be extended to the Group's
Selective Divisions. The geographical location of the
distribution centres enables L’Oréal to be as close as possible
to the 450,000 delivery points of its distributor customers. The
modernisation of tools and practices in these distribution
centres, and permanent synchronisation between our
distribution network and changes in customer needs per
country, per channel, makes it possible to adjust our physical
distribution network on an ongoing basis in order to increase

agility.

=

1.6.4.

Global economic performance
at the service of the brands
and commercial entities

The Operations Division carries great economic responsibility
for the brands and markets and this has an impact on the
total cost of products.

The Operations Division therefore carries out combined actions
with regard to cost to source (cost of packaging and raw
materials), cost to produce (value added by the factories)
and cost to serve (all the supply chain costs up to the final
point of sale).

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
INVESTMENT POLICY

—_~—

/ COSMETICS INVESTMENT

COMMITMENTS
(production and supply chain PRICE INDEX
commitments in ! millions) (index base: 100: year n-1)
358
330 342
96.6
2012 2013 2014 2012

/ COMPARABLE ANNUAL
PRODUCT PURCHASING

/ COSMETICS FACTORIES
WORKFORCE: CUMULATED
PRODUCTIVITY INDEX “

(index base: 100 in 2002, acquisitions included)

169.9 168.7 174.0

2013 2014 2012 2013 2014

(1) Ratio calculated for cosmetics factors, excluding device factories - 2014 acquisitions are not included in the 2014 figure.

/ COSMETICS DIVISIONS PRODUCTION AND SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC ZONE IN 2014

Western ET 43.5%

Europe 35.5%

North A 19.2%

America 24.9%

New TS 37.2%

Markets 39.6%

i Production Sales

1.7. INVESTMENT POLICY
—_$_ »—

L'Oréal’s investment policy responds to long-term objectives

L'Oréal is an industrial company whose development is
governed by two types of investment in particular:

1. scientific investments and investments in equipment
which are explained at length in several sections of this
document (see, in particular, section 1.5. on page 17 and
section 1.6. on page 24);

2. marketing investments which are made on an ongoing
basis and are inherent to the Group's activities,
particularly in the cosmetics industry. Indeed, in order to
win New Market share, thorough research has to be
conducted all over the world, and advertising and
promotional expenses need to be modulated depending
on the familiarity of the brands and their competitive
position; finally, investments in pointof sale (POS)
advertising materials ensure optimal presence for our
brands in points of sale.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L°OREAL 2014

For reasons relating to strategy and competition, L'Oréal
cannot therefore provide any systematic information on future
investments.

In 2014, the Group’s investments amounted to €1,008 million
ie. 4.5% of its sales, a percentage close to the record levels
before the financial crisis. This evolution reflects the constant
efforts made by the Group, in particular in the fields of
improvement of industrial efficiency, the performance of
research teams and enhancement of the value of brands.

The €1,008 million that were invested in 2014 can be broken
down as follows:

@ production and physical distribution
approximately 33% of total investments;

represent

@ marketing investments, including moulds, POS advertising
materials and stores account for 42%;
@ the remainder concerns Research and the head offices in
different countries;

@ IT investments spread over all these categories represented
19% of total investments

1.8. RISK FACTORS
—_»—

he Group operates in a changing environment. Like any
company, it is necessarily exposed to risks which, if they were
© materialise, could have a negative impact on its business
activities, its financial situation and its assets. This
chapter presents the main risks to which the Group considers
hat it is exposed: those specific to the business activities of
L'Oréal, then the legal, industrial and environmental risks, and
inally the risks of an economic and financial nature.

Faced with these risks, L'Oréal has set up an Internal Control
system to prevent and control them better. The Internal Control
and risk management procedures are thus described in
section 2.5, as provided for by Article L. 225.37 of the French
Commercial Code (see pages 89 et seq.).

However, it is not possible to guarantee total absence of risk.
Furthermore, other risks of which the Group is not currently
aware or which it does not consider as material at the date of
this report could have a negative effect.

The risks which the Group considers it is exposed to are set out

below:

¢ 1.8.1. Business risks page 25
¢ 1.8.2. Legal risks Page 28
¢ 1.8.3. Industrial and environmental risks page 29
¢ 1.8.4. Counterparty risk page 30
¢ 1.8.5. Customer risk page 30
¢ 1.8.6. Liquidity risk page 30
¢ 1.8.7. Financial and market risks page 31
¢ 1.8.8. Insurance page 32

Business risks

1.8.1.

1.8.1.1. IMAGE AND REPUTATION

The Company's reputation and its brand image may be
compromised at any time in a globalised world where
information is disseminated rapidly. No company is safe from
an undesirable event whether this involves the use or misuse of
a product or reprehensible individual conduct. The circulation
in the media of detrimental information, whether founded or

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

« Forall these investments, (see note 13 on page 147, note 15
on page 150 and note 28 on pagel/70 in chapter 4 -
Consolidated Financial Statements).

Despite their strategic nature, each of these investments, when
taken individually, is not of a sufficient amount, at the scale of
the Group, to justify specific information.

not, which has been facilitated by the introduction of new
technologies and development of the social networks, could
also affect the Company's reputation and its brand image.

In order to reduce the risks that may arise from events of this
kind, L'Oréal has set up an ongoing monitoring system of
English- and French-language websites. The subsidiaries
deploy their own social media and web monitoring system
under the responsibility of their Director of Communications
and share a report on monitoring with the Corporate
Communications Department. Furthermore, L’'Oréal has set up
a crisis management procedure, whose global task is to
prevent, manage and limit the consequences of undesirable
events on the Company. The Group crisis management officer
reports directly to the General Management. Furthermore, the
deployment of the Code of Ethics throughout the whole Group
aims at reinforcing the spreading of the rules of good conduct
which ensure L’Oréal’s integrity and strengthen its ethics. The
purpose of these rules of good conduct is to guide actions
and behaviour, inspire choices and make sure that the
Group’s values are reflected in the everyday acts of each
employee. In addition, L’'Oréal has implemented a Code of
Good Practice for use of social media by its employees.

1.8.1.2. PRODUCT QUALITY AND SAFETY

Consumer safety is an absolute priority for L’Oréal. The
principles governing the Group’s quality and safety policy are:

¢ satisfaction of customer needs;
# compliance with safety requirements and legislation; and
¢ product quality and conformity across the supply chain.

The International Safety Assessment Department specifically
evaluates the safety of raw materials and finished products. It
establishes the toxicological profile of the ingredients which
are used and the tolerance of the formulas before they are
launched on the market.

L'Oréal goes one step further in the safety evaluation by
monitoring the potential adverse effects that may arise when
the product is marketed. This makes it possible to take the
appropriate corrective measures, where necessary.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

1 PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

Faced with the questions that civil society may ask regarding
certain substances and their effects on health and the
environment, L’Oréal’s position may be summed up in three
points:

¢ vigilance with regard to any new scientific data;
@ cooperation with the relevant authorities;

precautions leading to substitution of ingredients in the
event of a proven risk or a strongly suspected risk.

The measures taken in favour of consumer health and safety
are described in further detail in chapter 6 on p. 249-250.

1.8.1.3. RESPONSIBLE COMMUNICATION

L'Oréal provides consumers with innovative products, and the
success of these products is based on their quality and
performance. The resulting benefits are highlighted in the
Group’s communications. In spite of all the care taken to
guarantee the accuracy and fairness of the claims made in
these communications, there is always a possibility that they
may be challenged by the authorities, organisations or
consumers.

In order to reduce the risk of challenges of this kind being
made, the International Product Communication Evaluation
Department makes sure of the conformity of product
communications before they are put on the market. The
Group's Code of Ethics sets out the fundamental principles of
responsible communication and L’Oréal has made a
commitment to implement the International Chamber of
Commerce Consolidated Code of Advertising and Marketing
Communication Practice and the Cosmetics Europe Charter
and Guiding Principles on responsible advertising and
marketing communication to which the key global cosmetics
industry players in Europe adhere.

1.8.1.4. SEASONAL NATURE OF THE BUSINESS

The pace of sales may, in certain cases, and for specific
products, be linked to climate conditions, such as for example
suncare products. The products and brands sought after by
consumers as gifts are reliant on a strong concentration of
sales at year-end and during holiday periods. This is the case
in particular for fragrances and The Body Shop products. Any
major disruption in either of these factors could affect L’'Oréal’s
sales.

L’'Oréal endeavours to mitigate these risks through the diversity
and enrichment of its product offerings and by arranging
product launches and special product promotional events
throughout the entire year.

1.8.1.5. GEOGRAPHIC PRESENCE AND ECONOMIC

AND POLITICAL ENVIRONMENT

L'Oréal has subsidiaries in 69 countries, with 64.5% of its sales
being generated outside Western Europe. Global growth in the
cosmetics market has led L’Oréal to develop its activities in
countries of the “New Markets” Zone, which represent over

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

39.69% of its cosmetic sales in 2014. The breakdown and
changes in L’Oréal’s sales are given in chapter 3 - Financial
highlights on pages 103 ef seq.

Besides the currency risks mentioned in chapter 4 in note 26.1
Hedging of currency risk on page1l66 and in the
paragraph on currency risk on page 31, political or economic
disturbances in countries where the Group generates a
significant portion of its sales could have an impact on its
business activities.

However, its global presence helps to maintain a balance in
sales and enables results to be offset between countries and
geographic regions. In periods of major economic slowdown
or in sovereign debt crisis situations in certain countries, growth
in the Group’s sales may however be affected (see chapter 3,
page 104....).

1.8.1.6. DISTRIBUTION NETWORK

To sell its products, L’Oréal uses independent distribution
channels, except for a limited number of stores which are
owned by the Company. The concentration or disappearance
of distribution chains and changes in the regulations with
regard to selective distribution could have an impact on the
development of the Group’s brands in the country or countries
concerned.

The presence of the Group’s brands in all types of distribution
networks helps to attenuate any potential negative effect.

1.8.1.7. COMPETITION

Due to its size and the positioning of its brands, L'Oréal is
subject to constant pressure from local and_ international
competitors in all countries.

This competition is healthy; it leads the Group's teams, all over
the world, to always do their best to serve the interests of
consumers and the Group’s brands. In the context of a
constant struggle to obtain the best positions and launch the
most attractive and most effective product ranges, with an
optimal price/quality ratio, winning market share, improving
operating profitability and thereby ensuring growth are a
permanent challenge. To win over a billion new consumers,
the Group has rethought its innovation model and constantly
increases its investments with regard to research. L’Oréal’s
research teams innovate to respond to beauty aspirations all
over the world in their infinite diversity. This ability to implement
long-term research programmes now enables L’Oréal to
maintain its advance over its competitors (see chapter 1.5
Research & Innovation on page 16).

1.8.1.8. INNOVATION AND CONSUMER

EXPECTATIONS

The development of innovative products and their adaptation
to market requirements is an ongoing priority for the Group. If
the Group fails to anticipate or interpret changes in consumer
behaviour and new trends, its sales could be affected.
The Consumer & Market Insights Department, which is part of
the Innovation Division, constantly watches for changes in
consumers’ cosmetic expectations by product category and
major regions of the world. This work enables the Group’s
researchers to develop new products that are in line with
market needs as mentioned in the paragraphon Local
research and adaptation of products on page l7. The
development of digital communication and e-commerce
creates greater proximity between L’Oréal and its consumers,
by setting up decision-making aid services with regard to
product purchases and their use. Consumer expectations with
regard to Sustainable Development are moreover at the heart
of the “Commitments for 2020" published in 2013 (see
chapter 6, page 212 et seq.).

1.8.1.9. EXTERNAL GROWTH TRANSACTIONS

Within the scope of its development strategy, L’'Oréal has
made, and may have occasion to make acquisitions or sign
licence agreements.

Implementation of this strategy nevertheless requires that
L'Oréal is able to find development opportunities at an
acceptable cost and under acceptable conditions.

The Group has introduced a process for the upstream
oversight of these transactions which includes:

@ the setting-up of multidisciplinary teams for the preparation
of projects and “due diligence” work;

@ a review by the Strategy and Sustainable Development
Committee of the Board of Directors, then by the Board of
Directors, of the opportunities for acquisitions or for equity
investment for a significant amount or falling outside the
scope of the Group’s usual business activities, and the
conditions for their implementation.

These operations may have a negative impact on the Group’s
results if the Group does not succeed in integrating the
activities of the companies that have been purchased, their
personnel, their products and their technologies under the
anticipated conditions, in achieving the expected synergies
and in handling liabilities which have not been anticipated at
the time of completion of the transaction and for which L’Oréal
has little or no protection from the seller.

Acquisitions that have been decided by the Board of Directors
are regularly monitored by the Board of Directors which is
informed of the conditions of integration and the
performances achieved.

1.8.1.10. | RISKS RELATED TO HUMAN RESOURCES

MANAGEMENT

One of the keys to the success of L'Oréal lies in the talent of its
staff. Should L’Oréal not succeed in identifying, attracting,
keeping and training competent employees who behave
responsibly, the development of its activities and its results
could be affected.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

The Group therefore develops a motivating, engaging
professional environment, and encourages the attachment to
its values, including those put forward by the Code of Business
Ethics. L'Oréal’s Human Resources policy is moreover
described in the Report of the Chairman on Internal Control
(paragraph on Internal Control organisation and environment,
page 90 and in chapter 6, paragraph 6.2. on page 216 et
seq.).

1.8.1.11. | SECURITY

The Group's presence at more than 426 sites (excluding our
own shops and the sales outlets of our distributor customers)
exposes it to risks with regard to events of diverse origins -
geopolitical risks, malicious acts, natural disasters. The
consequences of these risks may adversely affect the Group's
assets: people, tangible and intangible property.

For the permanent protection of these items of property (or
Group assets) against malicious acts, the Security Department
contributes in particular to preventive implementation of
technical and Human Resources and operational procedures
to limit the residual risk of malicious damage and support the
Group's international development in high risk countries. It also
provides employees making business trios abroad with a
monthly report on “travel risks”.

Since 2010, concerning the occurrence of natural disasters,
the Real Estate Department has deployed a_ global
programme to assess site vulnerability to seismic risk in the
most exposed zones. At the same time, the Information
Systems Department ensures that the seismic risk is taken into
consideration in the IT continuity plans of the countries that are
the most at risk.

1.8.1.12. INFORMATION SYSTEMS

The day-to-day management of activities which notably
include purchasing, production and distribution, invoicing,
reporting and consolidation operations as well as exchanges
of internal data and access to internal information relies on the
proper functioning of all the technical infrastructures and IT
applications. The risk of a malfunction or breakdown in these
systems for exogenous or endogenous reasons (including
intrusions, malicious acts, etc.) cannot be precluded.

In order to minimise the impact that this type of occurrence
could have, the Information Systems Department has
introduced strict rules with regard to data back-ups, protection
and access to confidential data and security with regard to
both computer hardware and software applications. In order
to adapt to the evolution of new communication methods,
L'Oréal has introduced an Information and Communication
Technologies Charter. These measures are described in the
Report of the Chairman on Internal Control (see chapter 2,
paragraph 2.5.2.4. on page 92). To deal with the growing
threats in the field of cybercrime, L'Oréal takes continuous
steps to strengthen the means dedicated to information
system security. This plan relies in particular on antiintrusion
equipment, securing sensitive equipment and overall
supervision to detect irregularities.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

1.8.1.13. RISK OF AN INTERNAL CONTROL FAILURE

L’'Oréal has set up an Internal Control system which, even
though adequate, can only provide a reasonable assurance
and not an absolute guarantee of achievement of the
Company's objectives due to the inherent limitations of any
control. Thus, the Group cannot rule out the risk of an Internal
Control failure that may expose it to an act of fraud in
particular.

Deployment to all the Management Committees of the
Group’s subsidiaries of a programme to raise awareness of the
tisk of fraud (presenting the main operational scenarios that
could occur, the alert systems and the existing procedures
and controls) is intended to reduce the Group’s exposure to
this risk. In addition, the Group has published a corruption
prevention guide which completes the commitments and
principles set out in L’'Oréal’s Code of Ethics and which are
described in the chapter on “Corporate social, environmental
and societal information” (chapter 6).

1.8.2. Legal risks

1.8.2.1. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY: TRADEMARKS AND

MODELS

L’'Oréal is the owner of the major intangible assets on behalf of
the Group’s companies, to which it grants licences in
exchange for the payment of royalties. Thus, L’'Oréal is the
owner of most of its brands, which are a strategic asset for the
Group, in particular the major international brands described
in the paragraph on Cosmetics Divisions on pages 9 to 11, with
the exception of a few brands for which L'Oréal has obtained
a license and most of which are currently used by L’Oréal
Luxe, primarily the Giorgio Armani, Yves Saint Laurent, Raloh
Lauren, Cacharel, Viktor&Rolf and Diesel brands.

The trademark name, the products themselves and the
models may be infringed or counterfeited by economic
players wishing to illegally and illegitimately claim the benefits
of their reputation.

Special care is given to the protection of the trademarks and
models belonging to L'Oréal, and is entrusted to a special
section of the Group’s Legal Department, which has
responsibility for registering trademarks in all countries. This
department also keeps a close watch on the market and
launches the necessary actions against infringers and
counterfeiters.

The L’'Oréal Group is also an active member of the
organisations who have set themselves the task of combating
counterfeiting and promoting good commercial practice. This
is the case, in particular, of the French Manufacturers’
association (namely Union des Fabricants), the International
Chamber of Commerce and Business Europe.

Before any trademark and model registration, prior rights
searches are conducted.

In light of the large number of countries in which the products
are sold and the multiple potential prior rights that may exist in
each of these countries, one cannot rule out the possibility

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

that third parties may claim prior rights with regard to certain
L'Oréal trademarks and models.

This is a potential risk which has to be cited in order to be
exhaustive even though the likelihood of its occurrence is low
due to the care taken when conducting prior rights searches.

1.8.2.2. INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY: PATENTS

Research and Innovation are the historic pillars of L’Oréal’s
development. The dedication of L’'Oréal’s research teams has
made it one of the leading industrial patent filers in its field for
many years.

In order to protect the Group against the risk of another
company claiming one of its molecules, a production process
or packaging, L’'Oréal has set up a specific structure, the
International Industrial Property Department as part of the
Research and Innovation Division; this department is
responsible for filing the Group's patents, exploiting them and
defending them on a worldwide basis. However, it cannot be
excluded that third parties could contest the validity of certain
patents held by the Group.

1.8.2.3. CHANGES IN THE REGULATIONS

L'Oréal is subject to the laws which apply to all companies
and strives to adopt an attitude beyond reproach. L’Oréal asks
its subsidiaries to comply with the regulations of the countries
in which the Company operates. Being an active member of
professional associations in the countries where its industry is
represented, L'Oréal plays an active role in the ongoing
dialogue with the national or regional authorities in charge of
the specific regulations governing the products in its industrial
sector in order to prevent or accompany any risks that may
result from changes in regulations.

The European REACH regulations (Registration, Evaluation and
Authorisation of Chemicals) that came into force in June 2007
are aimed at increasing human and environmental safety of
chemicals by requiring all user companies to prove that they
have implemented appropriate risk management measures.
L'Oréal plays an active role in this process for the substances
manufactured or imported by its European legal entities
concerned. Within the framework of national and European
associations, L’'Oréal contributes to the analysis and drafting of
practical guides for implementation of these regulations.

L'Oréal is also subject in Europe to the 7" amendment to the
European Cosmetics Directive on animal testing of cosmetic
ingredients. An action plan has been drawn up at L'Oréal in
order to improve the conception and the methods of
evaluation of the safety of raw materials. This plan is being
implemented on an accelerated basis in order to make the
best possible preparations for the application of these
regulations. L’'Oréal was able to stop testing finished products
on animals in 1989 (14 years before it became a legal
obligation in Europe) and develop predictive evaluation
strategies to satisfy the recent European regulations which
prohibit the offering for sale of products containing any
ingredient that has been tested on animals after
March 11", 2013. See paragraphon “Animal _ testing:
balancing ethics and innovation” on page 18.

1.8.2.4. OTHER LEGAL RISKS AND LITIGATION

In the ordinary course of its business, the Group is involved in
legal actions and is subject to tax assessments, customs
controls and administrative audits. It is also the subject of
proceedings initiated by national competition authorities, in
particular in European countries (see note 29.2 Provisions for
liabilities and charges on page 171 in chapter 4 Consolidated
financial statements).

In order to better prevent these risks, the Group’s Legal
Department has introduced a training session on competition
law for the employees concerned. Since 2011, it has also
distributed an ethical and legal guide on the conditions of fair
competition, called “The way we compete”.

A provision is set aside in the parent company and
consolidated financial statements whenever the Group has an
obligation towards another party and will have to face a
probable outflow of economic resources whose cost can be
reliably estimated.

There are no other governmental procedures, legal or
arbitration proceedings, including any proceedings or
procedures of which the Company is aware, which are
pending or threatened, that may have, or have had over the
last 12 months, material effects on the financial situation or
profitability of the Company and/or the Group.

Industrial and environmental
risks

1.8.3.

In order to improve the efficiency and productivity of its
industrial processes, L'Oréal carries out most of its production
in 43 factories, each specialising in a specific type of
technology.

1.8.3.1. PRODUCTION AND SUPPLY CHAIN

Products must be made available on the market on the
scheduled dates to meet time-to-market and customer
demands, in order to enable new product ranges to be
referenced by distribution in a cosmetics market that requires
companies to be more and more responsive.

Therefore, a major stoppage of activity in a factory or a
distribution centre could have an adverse effect on the
achievement of commercial objectives.

In order to prevent this risk, business continuity plans exist for
each operational site. They aim at anticipating the
unavailability of part of the Group supply chain as far as
possible and at restarting activities as quickly as possible.

1.8.3.2. SUPPLIER DEPENDENCE

L’'Oréal is dependent on its external suppliers for the delivery of
materials (raw materials and packaging items) that are
essential for the manufacture of finished products, which may
therefore suffer disruption as the result of a default by an
important supplier.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

In order to prevent these risks, L'Oréal has prepared business
continuity plans for production which aim notably at looking
for replacement solutions (for example: supplier back-up,
availability of several moulds for articles for strategic products).

1.8.3.3. ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

The cosmetics industry has a limited environmental risk profile.
However, as it is the case for any production, distribution,
research and general administration operation, L’Oréal is
exposed to safety and environmental issues (relating, for
example, to the use of certain raw materials, the use of
machines or electrical equipment in production or storage
areas, handling operations liable to cause accidents involving
bodily injury, waste water treatment etc.). The main risk faced
in the Group's industrial sites is fire due to the inflammable
materials used in products (alcohol, propellant gases,
powders, oxidants and solvents) and the storage of
combustible products and chemicals.

The Group's Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) policy aims
to minimise the impact on the environment and to guarantee
the health and safety of employees, customers and the
communities in which L’Oréal performs its activities. This policy
systematically leads to identifying the risks inherent in our
business activities, and to bringing them under control.
Furthermore, under the Sharing beauty with all programme,
the Group is pursuing its actions aimed at reducing its
environmental footprint by setting itself ambitious, concrete
targets (see chapter 6 pages 233 ef seq.).

This rigorous EHS policy has been implemented throughout the
Group for many years. It was updated in 2010 as described in
“Environmental Information’ in the previous paragraph.

The Operations Division issues Internal Rules providing for the
principles of L’Oréal’s EHS policy. An EHS representative is
appointed at each = site. Training programmes are
systematically organised. EHS performance indicators are
collected monthly from all production sites, all distribution
centres and all research centres. The collection is carried out
on a quarterly basis for most of the administrative sites. The fire
risk is dealt with in the framework of very strict fire prevention
standards (National Fire Protection Association standards).

L’Oréal Group operates 105 manufacturing sites, of which two
are classified as “Seveso high threshold” and are therefore
subject to strict regulations through the European Union
Seveso Directive on the prevention of major accident hazards
due to the storage of chemicals or inflammable products.

1.8.3.4. EHS RISK MAP AND AUDITS

Within the scope of this EHS policy, for the industrial sites,
prevention is based on the SHAP (Safety Hazard Assessment
Procedure) programme involving the assessment of risks by
employees at grassroots level under the responsibility of the
Site Manager. This programme contributes to identifying the
dangers overall and for each workstation and assessing the
corresponding risks. The SHAP method thus makes it possible to
prepare a risk mapping for the sites, to evaluate the level of
risks and to put in place the necessary means of control. It is
supported by dialogue between persons in charge, thus
contributing to a significant collective improvement in risk
management. This approach is constantly evolving and is
updated regularly depending on changes at sites and

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

experience on the ground. EHS audits are conducted every
three or four years in each factory and distribution centre. The
site risk map is reviewed within the scope of this audit. In 2014,
an EHS risk audit was carried out at 16 factories and 20
distribution centres.

1.8.3.5. CONSTANT CONCERN FOR THE SAFETY

OF EMPLOYEES

Preservation of employee health and safety is one of L’Oréal’s
priorities and is an integral part of the EHS policy and the
Group’s human and social policy. It rests on the evaluation
and prevention of professional risks in the Company as
described in detail in chapter 6, page 233. Nevertheless, the
tisk of accidents at the workplace or occupational diseases
cannot be entirely ruled out.

The Group implements the necessary means to ensure that it is
in compliance with the legal provisions and the regulations
relating to health and safety in the various countries where it
operates. Within the scope of the commitments for 2020 under
the Sharing beauty with all programme, L’Oréal employees will
notably have access to healthcare coverage and social
protection, wherever they are located in the world. L’Oréal
wants its geographical development to be accompanied by
the provision of social protection for L'Oréal employees all over
the world. L'Oréal’s employees will benefit from healthcare
coverage in line with the best practices in the country in which
they are based. Financial protection will be provided for all
L'Oréal employees should unforeseen life events such as
permanent invalidity occur.

1.8.4.

The Group enters into financial relations in priority with
international banks and insurance companies given the best
ratings by the three main specialised rating agencies.

Counterparty risk

When the Group makes financial investments, in the form of
either bank deposits or marketable securities (see note 21
Cash and cash equivalents page 153 in chapter 4
Consolidated financial statements and note 1.20 on page
129), it gives priority to short-term transferable instruments from
first-rate financial institutions.

The Group therefore considers that its exposure to the
counterparty risk is weak (see note 26.4. Counterparty risk on
page 168 in chapter 4).

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

1.8.5. Customer risk

he customer risk may result from non-collection of receivables
due to cash problems encountered by customers or due to
he disappearance of customers.

However, this risk is limited by Group policy which is to take out
customer insurance cover inasmuch as this is permitted by
local conditions. The risk associated with credit insurance is
mentioned below in paragraph 1.8.8. “Insurance”.

Furthermore, due to the large number and variety of
distribution channels at worldwide level, the likelihood of
occurrence of significant damage on the scale of the Group
remains limited. The 10 largest distributor customers represent
19.3% of the Group's sales. The amount considered as posing
a risk of non-collection for which a provision for liability is
therefore booked is set out in note 19 Trade accounts
receivable page 152 in chapter 4. It does not exceed 2% of
gross accounts receivable.

1.8.6. Liquidity risk

The Group's Financial Services Department centralises all the
subsidiaries’ financing needs and also negotiations with
financial institutions in order to have better command over
financing conditions. Any transactions that may be carried out
directly by subsidiaries are closely supervised.

The L’Oréal Group’s liquidity risk is managed with the primary
aim of ensuring continued financing and optimising the
financial cost of debt.

To this effect, the Group has unused confirmed credit lines
from several first-rate banks totalling €3,300 million. Their terms
all exceed 1 year, with a term ranging between 1 and 3 years
for 2,300 million and a term of over 3 years for 1,000 million
(see note 25.9. Confirmed Credit lines page 165 in chapter 4).

These credit lines are not subject to any conditionality clause
based on financial criteria. Furthermore, the Group uses the
financial markets, on a very regular basis, to meet liquidity
needs through the use of short-term papers in France and
short-term commercial paper in the United States. None of
these debts contains an early repayment clause linked to
compliance with financial ratios (covenants) (see note 25.1.
Debt by type and 25.2. Debt by maturity date, on page 164
and note 26.5. Liquidity risk on page 168 in chapter 4).

When the Group makes financial investments, in the form of
either bank deposits or marketable securities, it gives priority to
short-term transferable instruments from first-rate financial
institutions.

The L'Oréal Group benefits from the following short-term credit
ratings:

@ A-1+, awarded in October 2014 by Standard & Poor's;
@ Prime 1, awarded in October 2014 by Moody’s; and
@ F1+, awarded in October 2014 by FitchRatings.

These ratings are unchanged compared to those assigned in
2013.
1.8.7.

Financial risks include interest rate risk, currency risk, the risk
relating to the impairment of intangible assets, equity risk, risks
with regard to the assets hedging employee commitments, the
risk relating to changes in tax regulations and the core
commodity risk.

Financial and market risks

1.8.7.1. INTEREST RATE RISK

For the requirements of its development and its capital
expenditure policy, L'Oréal uses borrowings and _ short-term
papers. The Group mainly refinances at floating rates, as
mentioned in note 25.4. Breakdown of fixed rate and floating
rate debt on page 165 in chapter 4. Other details with regard
to debt and interest rates are also provided in notes 25.5.
Effective interest rates 25.6. Average debt interest rates and
25.7. Fair value of borrowings and debts on page 165 in
chapter 4.

None of these debts contains an early repayment clause
linked to compliance with financial ratios (covenants).

In order to limit the negative impact of interest rate variations,
the Group has a non-speculative interest rate management
policy using derivatives, as described in notes 26.2. Hedging of
interest rate risk and 26.3. Sensitivity to changes in interest rates
on page 168 in chapter 4.

1.8.7.2. CURRENCY RISK

Due to its international presence, L’Oréal is naturally exposed
to currency variations. The fluctuations between the main
currencies may therefore have an impact on the Group’s
results, at the time of translation into Euro of the non-Euro
financial statements of subsidiaries, and may therefore make it
difficult to compare performances between two financial
years. In addition, commercial flows involving the purchase
and sale of items and products are carried out between
subsidiaries in different countries. Procurement by subsidiaries
is mainly made in the currency of the supplier's country.

In order to limit currency risk, the Group adopts a conservative
approach of hedging at year-end a significant portion of
annual requirements for the following year through forward
purchases or sales contracts or through options. Requirements
are established for the following year on the basis of the
operating budgets of each subsidiary. These requirements are
then reviewed regularly throughout the year in progress. In
order to benefit from better visibility of the flows generated,
currency risk management is centralised with the Treasury
Department at head office (Financial Services Department)
which uses a specific tool for centralising the subsidiaries’
requirements by currency (FX report).

The system of foreign exchange risk hedging is presented to
the Audit Committee. The hedging methodology and the
values involved are described in note 26.1. Hedging of

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

currency risk on pages 166 to 169 in chapter 4.The breakdown
of consolidated sales for 2014 by currency is specified in
chapter 3 Financial highlights, page 107.

Significant changes in the monetary environment could have
an impact on the Group’s results and on its shareholders’
equity. The analysis of sensitivity to currency fluctuations and
the impact on equity are set out in detail in note 22.4. Other
Comprehensive Income on page 157 in chapter 4. Finally, the
impact of foreign exchange gains and losses on the income
statement is described in note 7 Foreign exchange gains and
losses on page 137 in chapter 4.

1.8.7.3. RISK RELATING TO THE IMPAIRMENT

OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS

As stated in the paragraph relating to legal risks, L’'Oréal’s
brands are a strategic asset for the Group.

As described in note 1.15. Intangible assets on page 126 in
chapter 4, goodwill and brands with an indefinite life span are
not subject to depreciation but to periodic impairment tests
which are carried out at least once a year. Where the
recoverable value of the brand is lower than its net book
value, an impairment loss is recognised. Similarly, any variance
between the recoverable value of each Cash Generating Unit
and the net book value of the assets including goodwill would
lead to an impairment loss in respect of the asset, recorded in
the income statement. The amounts for the last 3 financial
years are provided in note 8 Other operational income and
expenses on page 138 in chapter 4.

The data and assumptions used in the impairment tests for the
Cash Generating Units with — significant goodwill and
non-depreciable brands are described in note 14 Impairment
tests on intangible assets of this document on page 149 in
chapter 4.

1.8.7.4. EQUITY RISK

L’Oréal does not invest its cash in shares. For L’Oréal, the main
equity risk lies in the 8.96% stake held in Sanofi as of
December 31", 2014, for an amount described in note 16
Non-current financial assets of this document, page 151 in
chapter 4.

If the Sanofi share price were to fall below the initial share price
significantly or on a prolonged basis, this would potentially
expose L’Oréal to impairing its assets through the income
statement as explained in note 26.6. Shareholding risk on
page 168 in chapter 4.

1.8.7.5. RISKS WITH REGARD TO THE ASSETS
HEDGING EMPLOYEE COMMITMENTS
The assets used as financial hedges for employee

commitments are, by nature, exposed to the fluctuations on
the markets on which such assets are invested.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
—_~—

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

Pursuant to the provisions of the Internal Charter on the
Management of assets dedicated to the hedging of the
Group’s employee commitments, the allocation by category of
assets is subject to limits aimed in particular at reducing
volatility risks and correlation risks between these different
categories of assets. A Supervisory Committee for the pension
and benefit schemes offered by the Group’s subsidiaries,
ensures that these principles are implemented and monitored,
as described in the section under “Social information” on
Benefit and Pension schemes and other benefits, chapter 6 on
page 221. However, a large, lasting fall in the financial markets
could have an impact on the value of the portfolios set up
(see note 23 Postemployment benefits, termination benefits
and other long-term employee benefits on pages 158 ef seq.
in chapter 4). Furthermore, the Group chooses insurers and
custodians with robust ratings from the three main specialist
rating agencies.

1.8.7.6. RISK RELATING TO THE CHANGE IN TAX

REGULATIONS

The Group is exposed to risks of an increase in existing taxes,
the introduction of new taxes, or double taxation concerning
in particular corporate income tax, customs duties, and import
taxes, the repatriation of dividends or social levies, which
could have an adverse impact on the Company's results.

1.8.7.7. CORE COMMODITY RISK

The production of cosmetics depends on the purchase of raw
materials, at fluctuating prices. These raw materials or
components enter into the composition of products or their
packaging. The main core raw materials are polyethylene,
polypropylene, aluminium and vegetable oils and_ their
by-products. An exceptionally large increase in the price of
these raw materials or energy prices on the world market
could have a direct effect on the manufacturing cost of the
cosmetics. It is nevertheless estimated that the impact of this
rise on gross margin would remain limited.

In order to anticipate the effect of these fluctuations and as a
preventive measure, L’Oréal negotiates price indices with its
main suppliers of raw materials and packaging items. The
Group therefore does not use hedging.

Also, in order to offset market volatility, L'Oréal makes ongoing
efforts by carrying out projects to cut costs and actions to
improve industrial productivity. Furthermore, the pooling of
responsibility for purchases has made it possible to reinforce
these measures.

1.8.8. Insurance

1.8.8.1. THE GROUP’S OVERALL INSURANCE POLICY

The objective of the Group’s policy on insurance is to protect
the Group's assets and people from the occurrence of
identified material risks that could adversely affect it. For that
purpose, the Group has implemented global insurance
programmes (in particular for the Property Damage &
Interruption of Operations, Third Party Liability and Transport
insurance policies) which make it possible to manage the

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’OREAL 2014

insurance cover and provide for uniform insurance cover for all
its subsidiaries throughout the world, except in countries where
this type of structuring is not permitted.

This policy is applied as follows:

@ at parent company level, the Group has negotiated
insurance programmes on a worldwide basis with first-rate
insurance companies to cover its main risks on the basis of
the cover available:

@ in a local context, subsidiaries have to implement
mandatory insurance cover, in order to meet their local
regulatory obligations and supplement the Group's
worldwide programmes for any specific risks, where
applicable.

The financial solvency of the insurers chosen is an important
criterion in the Group’s insurer selection process. Most of the
insurance programmes subscribed by the Group involve
co-insurance. Globally, the world’s main insurance companies
are involved in one or more of these Group programmes.

1.8.8.2. INTEGRATED WORLDWIDE PROGRAMMES

Third party liability

The Group has had an integrated global programme covering
all its subsidiaries for several years. This programme covers the
financial consequences of the third party liability of Group
entities. It covers several aspects of third party liability, and
notably operating liability, product liability and sudden and
accidental environmental damage.

Claim activity under this programme has historically been low,
which shows the extremely high quality requirements and
safety standards applied by the Group in managing its
operations and in designing and manufacturing its products.
he health and safety of consumers and employees is a
constant priority at all levels of Group operations.

Property damage and interruption of operations

he purpose of this policy is to protect the Group's assets on
he basis of the cover and capacity available on the insurance
market. It covers claims related to the following events in
particular: fire, lightning and explosion.

he Group has set up an integrated global programme to
cover all the property (fixed assets and inventories) of its
subsidiaries. This programme also covers operating losses
directly resulting from an insured property loss or damage.

The level of insurance cover takes into account the prevention
and protection measures implemented at the Group's
manufacturing sites together with the business continuity
plans.

As the capacity of the insurance market is limited for certain
types of events, this programme includes aggregate sublimits,
particularly in the event of natural disasters. This programme
includes the performance, by the insurer's engineers, of loss
prevention audits for the Group's locations. These audits form
part of the Group’s general safety management system.
Transport

The Group has set up an insurance programme to cover the
transportation of all its products by road, sea and air. All
subsidiaries subscribe to this worldwide programme, which
ensures optimum transport insurance for all flows of goods.

Customer credit risk

Group subsidiaries are encouraged to purchase credit
insurance, with the assistance of head office and under terms
and conditions negotiated by it, in addition to their own credit
management procedures, provided that insurance cover
compatible with their level of commercial activity is available
under financially acceptable conditions.

PRESENTATION OF THE GROUP
RISK FACTORS

Nevertheless, in a period of major economic slowdown, a
reduction of commitments by major insurance companies
could be noted on the credit insurance market as they may
decide to reduce their cover of amounts receivable in certain
countries. The insurance policies put in place in these
countries could be affected by this trend.

Self-insurance

Through its reinsurance subsidiary, the Group carries risk
retention levels that are not material at consolidated level, and
these are applicable over and above local deductible
amounts. Two programmes are concerned: Transport and
Property Damage and Interruption of Operations.

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT / L’?OREAL 2014
